Hey Neil, I excited about the corporate meetings tomorrow.
What corporate meetings are those?
The ones that are making all of us dildos go to except you.
What are you talking about?
Oh, we've been forced to go to a meeting to listen to some PR guy give us advice about policy.
Policy of who?
I guess I don't know, the corporate policy of the office.
Read the memo.
There's a memo.
Yeah, let's hear the memo.
I want to hear about it.
Nobody sent me a copy.
On Wednesday August 20th.
The office who business-
The citizens screw in back there in the sales department.
On Wednesday August 20th.
That Trappman Russell from the corporate office will be here from mandatory meetings for all
employees.
This meeting is to bring us all up to date on corporate policies.
We will have two meetings scheduled to try to accommodate everyone.
You need to only attend one of the meetings, either in the AM or PM.
It's important that everyone attend the meeting.
If you don't come, you will be fired.
No, it doesn't say that.
Oh, but that's what it says when I read Greg Reed.
If you don't come, you'll be fired.
The corporate meeting is getting advice from PR guys.
They did that once to me in San Francisco.
I had to go listen to some guy from the 49ers.
Tell me how I should talk about the football franchise when I was on the air.
The entire meeting I picked my guy.
Somebody said, I'm fellow goods again.
Is this the same asshole at the consultant that they had with those ding-dong schools out
there in San Diego?
No, I'm getting eeve.
I'm going to eeve how he's all morning and I swear to you in the middle of that meeting
if it's the last thing I do.
I'm going to say, I'm sorry Mr. Trump.
I stand up and rip it.
I'm sorry Mr. Trump.
I may have swamp ass right now.
May I please be excused to go below ass in the ballot?
What's Mosik's use going to be?
Because he's got crotch rot.
Oh no, he's going to end to get his mullet fixed.
For you, I'll tell you.
Yesterday I have the greatest luck.
Yesterday I came in at 10 past nine.
I never listened to the station up here.
But I just sat out, opened up the pot.
In there you were, the greatest hatched job on the mull man.
I gave you a sitting ovation man.
I was grabbing my groin that was so excited.
Why would you let out a nobody's thought?
You were going out for five minutes about how he sucks to J. Feedler's ass about how
they play each other like a fiddle.
Well they also put ability and they come on.
Every single guy here thinks whenever they interview athletes, they give them the biggest
smoker or the whistlam party standing on the side of the corner of these guys.
I don't get a clue.
I don't interview any athletes.
They're all idiots and drug dealers.
In addition to which when you're going to do play by play one of the first rules is don't
get close to the athletes.
Don't get too chugged because then you have no credibility.
That's right.
Except when I did the NHL, I went out drinking and doing playboy playmates with him.
Yeah.
But I didn't care about any of them.
They all have second grade educations.
I took great Whitney his wife out the dinner with Chris.
He's very quick.
He is quick.
That's what she said.
That guy can skate like a mud.
He went somewhere new this year.
Where did he go?
No, he did not.
Yeah, he signed with Detroit.
He signed like a four year, 13 year contract with the red one.
Right away.
Right away.
Oh, here's the copy.
Here's the copy.
Now look at this.
This must be a big meeting because there's four squiggles under Greg under signature.
As opposed to the usual three, there's four squiggles on here.
Yeah.
And now this week, Duff's on the road every week someone's.
Duff's on a rag.
Every week someone's gone.
The rest of the servicing screw in.
Clarence actually is dressed up very nice today and Luanne is about as productive as my
MR2 for me.
He said, I had to go back there for some action because Beast cut him off this week.
They couldn't sell me.
They couldn't sell me if I had your ratings because you're crude and you're looting
disgusting.
Whatever.
Wait till they see my ratings.
Yeah.
And then I'll do nothing for them.
And this is the new game I play.
You don't want to do anything for me.
When I get big fat ratings, I'm going to be the biggest prick they've ever met.
How do you like dumb apples?
Me all have a nice day.
Let's hear a line from the Beast about the big D.
Let's hear it.
He doesn't stop blowing the Miami Hurricanes on my radio show.
He won't be on it very much.
It's disgusting.
He switched from Clarence to the Canes.
So you want to shame I can't be there for the corporate meetings.
Yeah.
Hurricanes.
Big blow.
He's the super star.
And then his pants can be empty.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
He's the name.
It was a movie.
It was a movie
He's the name.
But he had a man.
I was the name
but he was the team'er.
Hurricanes.
And then he felt a biturun.
He's the name.
That day in needle cow growl, he won't let that work out, but now he's changed his mind.
No more words he could cheat, no more words could cheat, unless it's his virtue.
Now, Kobe knows he's got a good lawyer, to be peculiar or he's true.
His wife won't say a thing, would I feel all wrong or ring or mean?
Okay, it's a 10-05. You know what I did there at the beginning? I hit F8 instead of F10.
This is a little technical thing there on the inside. You want to know why? Because I've been dubbing all that stuff.
Well, that's that.
Exactly, FMR.
Well, too bad I can't come into town early as in tomorrow, because I'm not going to be there to put you in the proper meetings.
Yeah, to bring us all up to the corporate policy, see, right off the bat I get suspicious, because this guy's name is Pat Troutman Russell.
Anybody that's got three names, I'm over the suspicions of you know.
Again, so I guess you're going to be going to the 2 p.m. meeting, I reckon.
And then after the meeting you can like, thanks me a whole bunch of propaganda and stuff about, well, we all just got fired or they stole the station, something like that.
They sold the station, you're going to pay you off those last three years.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, man, I got my legs together and my palms together.
So we have a little bit of breaking news from a bagged head again.
We just had an experience in this country with a blackout if you want to convince the Iraqi people that the American and coalition program isn't working.
Take out the electricity, take out the water, go out for symbols of government and make it impossible to get to the markets.
Well, let me go back to the segment.
And they just had another barbed-on blast that you and headquarters in Baghdad, at least three dead dozens injured.
And this is going to be a good use to it, you know.
Yeah.
And what he just said, I'm glad I potted that up just at the propitious moment because what he just said is true.
We suffered here, I say suffered, you know, everything is relative.
We went for 14 hours, 13, 14 hours in Toronto, last Thursday and Friday overnight without electricity.
And I'm going to tell you something, it ain't fun.
No supermarkets, no restaurants, no air conditioning, no nothing.
Luckily in this building, at least they had the generator power so they had the one elevator working.
Can you imagine living like on the 82nd floor and down those buildings in New York?
Yeah.
Holy crap, and schlepping down the stairs.
Forget about schlepping back up.
See, if you look like on a high floor like that, you make up the mind that once you go down, you're not going to go back up.
You see what I'm saying?
You better have someplace to camp out and hope that it doesn't last too god damn long because you're sure as I'm not going to slap up because if it's like 80 floors, that's 160 flights.
That's like mountain climbing.
Am I right?
In most buildings, it's like double whatever the number of floors is, there's two landings.
So it's like 160 flights.
Who the hell is in shape to do that?
I don't know.
And like in my building, I noticed that there's mostly young people in this building, thank God.
But most of the older people, they look like way up on the top floors.
What the hell is that all about?
Oh, they like the view.
Is there what it is?
Pigeons. Pigeons too.
So that's really something.
And you notice nobody sent me a copy of this memo.
Clarence wants to, again, of course, he's in a meeting.
I can't remember too much.
He's in with scurran right now.
Yeah, I'm asking my copy.
I try to figure it all out.
Make you imagine what's inside of her.
Oh my god, beside.
Bro!
Yeah, obvious.
She must have stuff crawling around inside her body from before Jesus was a baby.
Oh, by the way, speaking of Jesus, how about that male Gibson, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
The happy's got the Jews pissed off, the Catholics pissed off.
What an asshole.
Always told you about him, right?
Yeah, you're always sucking up the male Gibson.
Oh, I'm delighted they're all pissed off.
Yeah, hate male Gibson.
He should only die a wicked death.
Anyway, on Listen Speaking of the Blackout, which I'm going to talk about at length,
Al Qaeda, and how come this isn't in the mainstream media yet?
I have two different articles on here, and both from Arab publications,
this from the worldtribune.com, and the other one is from some Shmata Head,
whatever, here it is, from Memory.
This is from Lindsay Webster.
Linda, you ripped an ass last week, I understand.
Oh, that much.
You know how you didn't, you ripped her a major ass.
Based on what?
Just because she wants you job in the summertime?
Oh, I'm supposed to get over it.
You're not getting it, Linda.
Anyway, Al Qaeda claims responsibility for last week's Blackout,
Al Qaeda's Abu Hafts brigade, and you'll notice before I read this story.
You notice last week within like 30 seconds.
Just a matter of seconds.
About 30 minutes.
There's Al Qaeda, you open it up a big mouth.
Oh, well, we know for a fact, this isn't terrorism.
We don't know what it is, but how do they know that when they still aren't really sure?
We know it was cleaved by the mistake by the lake,
and we know that it was his close personal buddies again,
first energy, first energy corporation, which is like the enron of the East Coast now.
Same thing, they're good buddies with Al Qaeda, and his vice commander in thief.
The energies are dick-chaining.
It's more of the same thing.
More incompetence, more cutbacks, more of employee layoffs, more try to do everything on the cheap.
They had a nuclear plant that damn near one up.
They had boric acid eating through the roof of their nuclear plant,
and then they had another meltdown.
But at any rate, my worry about these things.
Al Qaeda's Abu Hafts brigade has claimed responsibility for the Blackout last week in the North East and Midwest.
A communicate by the Abu Hafts brigade made reference to Operation Quick Lightning in the land of the tyrant of this generation.
It was published as the third communicate by the brigades.
And the first accepted responsibility for the downing of an airplane in Kenya, can you believe it?
Yeah, the second accepted responsibility for the Jakarta bombing of the Miriyat Hotel August 5, 2003.
And the new communication said that in compliance with the orders of Osama Yamama, the threat of the American economy,
the brigade struck two important electricity supply targets on the East Coast, according to the Middle East Media Research Institute.
The brigades say they can't reveal how they did it because they'll probably have to use the same method again soon.
It says the communicate also claimed that the operation was meant as a present for the Iraqi people.
Some of the Iraqi people or their buddies, their allies now who are busy blown up the UN, and the other water supply.
And then of course the oil pipeline to Turkey, of course, all of these things.
But then just a matter of days, get used to it because this kind of crap is going to be going on every single day.
Nice going, W. Nice going, baby.
And of course it was all well worth a while.
What do we accomplish by all of this? What is it that we have worked with?
We're safer now. There's no more terrorism.
Right. It's free to fly now. Right, we got to Osama.
We got to Osama. Right. We got to Osama. You can go to any foreign country and be received with all of them.
And all of the blue Omar, we got both of them, right?
And the price of gas is next to nothing.
Yeah. And now the pricey way to this winter boy.
You see the pricey, any fuel? Yeah.
My, my, my. Although we do have the Iraqi vice president in custody.
A former Iraqi vice president on the coalition's most wanted list is you might custody Kurdish and US official still CNN today.
Tahaa Yesin Ramadan.
Number 20 on the coalition's most wanted list and the attend diamonds in the playing card deck of suspects.
Is that, you know what that's like? That's on the same level with Arnold.
The, isn't it? The playing card deck of suspects.
Here's a deck of cards and he's the ace of the ten of diamonds.
And here's the ace of space. All this other crap.
They should have used go fish cards and then I would have liked the deck.
Oh my god. Okay. Well, give me the results. The yesterday is pulled by George Woods.
Could have been the worst pull you've ever taken. All right.
I mean, I know that the concept was good, but the question was poorly phrased.
We struggled. We struggled. You struggled. Yeah.
And we're going to struggle again today, but that's okay because I don't really care.
And this is the last week of the summer schedule, God damn it.
Next week is back to Neil five days a week. What kind of crap is that?
Oh, yeah. In fact, when you were at that meeting tomorrow at two o'clock,
yeah, with the Patrick, uh, trauma and, uh, we can prove the third, whatever the hell is name is,
stand right up in the middle of the meeting and say, hey, Neil, uh,
is going to renegotiate this deal this summer deal sucks. It's too short now.
It sucks. It was longer before.
It was a hell of a lot longer before and now it's like, you need to fly slight and batteries to find it.
1013 at 560 WQM need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers,
buyers houses fast, hassle free, fast cash home buyers,
buyers houses in any condition location for any reason.
You need to set your house fast.
There's your house need a new roof, flooring, ready other repairs.
Don't throw money away on costly repairs. Stop and call Rob today at 1 866 785 fast,
FASTST for a no obligation to hassle free offer.
At fast cash home buyers, they can observe your housing problems.
They have a vacant house. If you're trying to deal with a problem,
tenant, maybe you're going through a nasty smelly divorce,
call fast cash home buyers. Maybe you're one, two, three payments behind
or inherited a property that you just don't want.
Fast cash home buyers can help you call Rob today at 1 866 785 fast
and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind.
Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today.
You won't have to pay any real estate commissions either.
Call Rob at 1 866 785 fast, FASTST for a hassle free offer
and let fast cash home buyers solve all your house problems.
You won't have to pay any real estate commissions to the house.
This is sports ready to fly six miles.
You will have to pay real estate commissions to the house.
Diddy Chocker or Diddy Cockett?
We made a mistake, mission to be a snake,
covering that whole lot of theory and soil, fixing that whole thing
with weapons that we bring.
Snow more turmoil begin into boil.
We stand our time again in life here we have built.
Searching for our pieces for an assault.
Some people claim we got George Bush to play in your rights.
It's how George Bush is called.
That's a movie.
It's 110 in the shade in Vazra in Iraq.
They were just to talk on MSNBC on the Make Believe channel.
Yeah, they have no water, they have no electricity, they have no food.
But other than that, they're doing great.
Who cares about them?
110 degrees.
And they have no, I mean air conditioning in the desert.
Forget about it.
Aren't they animals anyway?
I mean, what the hell are we talking about here?
We had one day here in the Northeast in Midwest with no electricity.
And it was a bitch.
And people are like crappin' in their pants, which is if you guys guess not a good place to do it,
because you can't do the laundry.
You can't do anything.
That's one day.
And these people have gone on, let's see, March and April and May and June and July.
This is like the sixth month now for some of these people.
Right.
With no electricity and no running water.
And they must talk about smelling like a bad day at the zoo.
Can you imagine those stench?
I don't want to.
Oh my God.
Must be like the aroma of those dolphin exhibition losses, you know what?
His man dog would say the stench of commonore.
Just unbelievable.
So anyway, well, I'm going to talk about a lot of experience last week.
Here's George's pool.
Or is that the retired guy?
It's gotta be.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
No, it's just the other asshole.
I know it.
What was he saying anyway?
Did he have any idea?
No.
No, do we care?
No.
George's pool yesterday very poorly worded.
Which sequel destroyed the movie or ones before it?
I was saying worded.
I mean, worded.
So bad, you can't even read it.
We went through a lot of different wordings of it.
Well, they all sucked.
Yeah, they did.
Cady Shack 239.
See, the question should have been which sequel to a movie never should have been made in the first place.
Okay.
I thought we'd not destroyed the movie before.
Sequels don't destroy it.
The movie before, like I mean Godfather 3 a second under.
Did Godfather 3 destroy one or two?
No.
Even if he hated it, of course not.
What's to destroy?
The original movie stands out.
It's like, ecstasy 2 and 3, which never should have been made.
See, that's the one for the question.
Which sequel's never should have been made?
All right.
What, you're getting there?
You know, Cady Shack 239.
Godfather 3 92.
Star Wars 1 and 2, 78.
Jaws 2, 41.
Highlander 2, and then, whatever fall, I don't know what that is.
They made a whole bunch of them, and they all, well, screw on.
39 for that, and 39 for alien 3.
Hannibal 37.
Hannibal destroyed the silence of the lands.
Yeah, just destroyed it.
No, it didn't.
Yes, they made a clown on Hannibal.
Jaws 3, why was he wearing Robin Williams' nose?
Jaws 3D.
I don't even know what that is.
32.
3D?
They made Jaws 3 was a 3D movie.
Oh no.
Are you serial?
I never even heard of it.
Oh, get your glasses at the lobby.
Beverly Hills cop 328.
Slamshot 226.
Exorcist 2, 26.
Horrendous.
And Exorcist 3.
And which one was the one that Richard Burton was in?
Was that 2 or 3?
I forgot.
Oh my god.
That was so bad that Linda Blair kept kicking him in a groin is what I'm hearing.
Batman 3, she said it was much there.
Batman 3, 24.
Escape from LA 21.
Airplane 219.
Ghostbusters 218.
Dumb and Dumber 17.
Jurassic Park 3.
Why am I reading all of these?
There's too many of them.
I don't think.
And it's a horrible, horrible pull question.
But 855 votes.
I'm glad for what a Georgia's pool is pretty damn good if you asked me.
Especially for such a crappy, poorly worded question.
Well, there's the retired guy on 6 and 9.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this a real call?
Is the real call?
I can't believe it.
Can you play the George tapes?
Ah, yes.
I can play the George tapes.
Can you play the four-out tapes?
Go play with yourself, asshole.
OK?
Go play the old foot in the ass game.
Well, I can't wait for that big meeting tomorrow to get the father.
They're going to send me like the transcripts of that.
I can't wait for that.
I'll take a recorder.
Please charge them theft of 400,000 dollars.
Oh, I'm going to pass on the hill everything today.
Oh, I better not.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, God.
Well, how about instead of that?
It was obvious to all of us, Bill Clinton, straight in his marriage.
So let's walk through this.
First, nothing is off limits in our marriage.
Second, I procured women for Bill when he was governor.
Screw on my left, which he did.
And the saga's continued.
I laughed when he confessed that he had paid for frequent visits by a call girl to a hotel he stayed in when he was in Washington.
She was one among many Bill solicited.
During the White House years, Jennifer Flowers claimed she'd had a 12-year affair with him.
This was completely in character for Bill.
My favorite was Monica Lewinsky.
Bill talked to her a few times and she had asked him for some job hunting help.
And dropped to her knees to kiss my husband.
I came to know and like her.
And I asked her if she wanted to live with us in the White House.
She said, yes.
As long as there would be sex with my husband.
As always, I said, OK.
OK.
Excellent. Nice reading there, Hillary.
10, 23, 5, 60 W.
I'm happy Tuesday too.
Like I said, this is the last week of this hoax focus.
See, I think we ought to shut the whole station down in August, don't you?
All right.
No, I really.
Or we could just run the spots.
Because there's nobody in South Florida in August.
It was yesterday, heard Scott going on about the Rick and Mo and I asked which was great.
Nice going for out.
That was excellent.
And then I punched you up for like about 30 seconds and you were like psychotic about why we have to play music.
And there's nobody on the phone and this pole sucks.
There's nobody there.
How many people actually stay in South Florida this time of year?
About 30, man.
And that's it.
So how can you do a guy named Top Show when there's nobody there?
You heard what we had so far in those first two assholes.
And probably online six years, the every tire guy.
Here's my any, hello.
With a tire.
See, three for three.
Yeah.
Batting a thousand, even Thai Cob couldn't do that.
Please charge in theft of $400,000.
See, here's the challenge to the audience before I give the poll for today.
Whichever thing needs an awful lot of additions, but we'll see.
They'll probably have some ideas.
Before we do that, I'd like to have one real call.
Wouldn't that be a challenge you think they can do?
No, I'm talking about before even plant the seeds.
See if anybody there actually has anything to say.
Maybe we have some people remember they are black out of 65 or 77.
Remember those?
No.
Just vaguely.
But you don't.
But I never, this is the first one that ever experienced like personal, a post and personal
like being stuck in it.
No fun man, pain in the ass.
And also makes you realize how valuable we all are.
Sure.
I mean, this was just like a little, a little fart and Cleveland man.
All of a sudden, here's 50 million people without any power with no idea, no clue when a
hell might actually come back on again.
Or whether it's going to stay on.
Which is why I'm sitting here with no air conditioning on.
Can you believe that?
Yeah.
So I'm hitting on for a few.
No, what I do is I turn it on for a few minutes just to take the absolute, the humidity
and the death out of the air.
And then you shut it off because we're supposed to be conserving here all week, through
this weekend.
Yeah, that's it.
There in your shorts, are you?
I'm sitting here with my walking shorts with no shirt.
Oh, okay.
No socks.
No pantaloonies.
Dan near naked, except for my walking shorts and my boxer shorts.
And that's it.
It's not a pretty sight, believe me.
It's gruesome.
Here's a call from Hollywood.
It could be a real one, but don't get carried away.
Hello?
Hello, Nate.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hollywood.
Hello, sir.
How are you?
Neil's great.
How are you doing?
I'm never better at this.
It's starting to rain down here.
Dan.
I saw me in beautiful here.
I don't think my call is going to change the way of time here.
But on the new CDs that you have, I wanted to purchase several.
So I'm going to go to the website there.
But I was wondering, A, would you be able to add like a table of contents?
You know, to what songs are on there because it may cause people to buy.
That's a good idea.
We can do that.
And B is the old, the best of nails that may be some of the other people don't have.
No got available to.
No got.
No got.
No got.
No got.
She's got a bunch of them, but.
I can't.
No got.
No got.
But how about the table of contents?
Good idea.
We're on it right now.
I guarantee that Eric is a, did it on out of right now while you speak?
Okay, because I, I mean, I'm dying and now how much ice nerve it can be.
Mouches on there.
There's, there's plenty.
There's enough fun here to keep you satisfied to keep you with your hand on it.
Good ones.
The good ones are on it.
Ice nerve.
I'm going to buy five or six and hand out.
Ice nerve.
Ice nerve.
It's all on your mind.
The rados and the coal and the stockings.
Okay, have a great day, Pally.
Thanks for the idea.
It's a good idea.
Oh, that was, that was pretty, you know, was okay.
Wasn't a crank.
There was no.
Rick Tyre.
Can we hear the George tapes, please?
Oh, God.
What a bunch of overgrown children.
They stuck them all in South Florida, man.
They took all the overgrown children from the entire universe.
Oh, and speaking of overgrown children, Friday morning, my power comes back 5, 19 in the morning, right?
Okay.
I go and I turn on the TV to see if the world is still spinning around with Ellie.
What caused all of this, which they still don't know, for sure.
And I'm watching CNN.
Now, who's the broad?
I can never think of her name.
She's a brunette.
Kind of attractive.
All of this.
She's very heavily made up.
She's on very early in the morning before Pally used to be on in the morning.
Dado.
Well, you know what I'm talking about?
The Carol, Sue, Carol, Carol something.
All right.
Not important.
But anyway, she's going on and they're trying to update people and they're showing the scenes in New York and Cleveland or whatever.
And people with no power.
And just in New York, we just turned the trickle back at that point in Manhattan.
And she's got so supposedly an expert on the phone who's going to tell them what time they're expecting all of the power in New York to be fully restored.
Restore it.
And he says, well, Carol, I think we can expect two or three, another two or three hour wait.
And she says, well, you're absolutely positive about that.
And he says, would you bang Howard Stern?
And she didn't actually, he was, he pretended, she didn't, he didn't, he didn't, he didn't, he said, what was it?
Would you bang Howard Stern?
You know, so make sure the entire world could hear it loudly and clearly.
How are we both in disgusting and year-end?
You people who do this stuff are pathetic.
I mean, the world could be coming to an end and one of his flunkies would call it on CNN or MSNBC.
You think Howard Stern is going to rule in heaven or hell when we all croak, you know?
It's really something.
How about that Arnold?
1028 at 560 WQM.
If you're on the Atkins veteran either low-carb sugar free diet, you need to know that there's a store that is dedicated entirely for use.
The Lights of West Wilkert's the number one low-carb sugar free store in the universe with over 900 low-carb sugar free products.
The lights and produces new ones for you just about every single week.
Try the new carb lowens and cup of soup.
All you do is add water and microwave.
It's a low carb meal and a cup.
In forward the delicious flavors, be sure and check out the simply delicious low-carb muffins for quick breakfast.
Or your own individual size chief cakes.
Some of the other new products in the stock right now, the almond snack cakes in six delicious blondies flavors.
Remember blondie and Dagwood?
Yes.
At last, Chuck, that's the name of the brand, by the way.
At last, Chuck, the Crispin, Chuck at Mint bars.
And you'll say at last with no multitall because for a lot of us, multitall and sobretall keeps us on the all day long.
Carb why ridden, drink, chuckle of vanilla shakes, a low carb meal in the can.
Judy's low carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste.
And be sure and try their famous carbolite ice cream too.
Come in, you can try any item in the store before you buy it.
And don't forget all I think is brand's product or on sale all day, every day.
Their staff knows, dieting inside and out.
The lights is open daily.
Every day of your life, 10 to 10, you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades Road in 441.
Right next to Boston Market, call them tool free at 1-877-Low-Carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget it's the lights of us, broken, amazing place that's your official Atkins retail center.
Ride in local, Pierce, Force Radio 560, she wins, UAM.
To the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Guy.
Are you American insoles?
We salute you, Mr. Dance by yourself, Guy.
Dance by yourself, Guy.
You think she's dancing with you?
Then she rubs another man's crotch.
Most men would leave the floor with their heads hung low, but not you.
You feel the rhythm in your soul and the peach snops coursing for your veins.
Sure, people are looking at you, judging you, wishing you were dead.
But you don't care. You just do a spin move and party are.
Watch him get down, watch him get down.
Finally, you make your move.
Only to find out that her boyfriend did time and enjoyed it.
So we salute you, Mr. Dance by yourself, Guy.
Your broken jaw, your ambulance driver and your parachute pants.
You are a real American asshole.
It's 1033 at 560 WQ.
We got some good news for our guest who's filling in for the mad dog at two.
Joe Rose.
Your close personal friend is going to spend two hours ripping...
Hour from Boka.
And ask.
Can't wait to hear that.
I also can't wait to hear what this meeting tomorrow is all about.
I really peaked my interest when Pharrell told me about that.
Because the last time that you and I were involved in one of these deals, remember that at IOD?
How could we forget?
Right.
One little Bob Neal from Atlanta was down.
And they tried to minimize it.
And then guess why all the stations have been sold?
Although trying to decipher this memo, that was just about...
About you had Trappman Russell?
Yeah, well it says that matters of policy, which doesn't make it sound like they're going to make an announcement about a sale or anything like that about it.
Oh, some other words, Greg wouldn't lie to us.
They're trying to say they're just going to get everybody in the room.
Oh, that's good point.
I wonder if one of those corporate policies is going to be, you don't screw the help.
You think?
You don't sleep with the hired hands.
You don't invade their glands?
Huh?
So of course, Clarence, he's conveniently back there doing screw-in trying to clean her out.
I guess he's trying to clean her up a little bit for that meeting tomorrow.
Good luck to you, Clarence. You'll need help.
They're going to have to get people to come in and assume whatever is inside your body.
Don't you think?
Roy!
Pot over.
Anyway, we'll find out.
Tomorrow is Wednesday.
I can't say I can't get my day straight anymore.
I can't get it straight.
So Thursday, I guess, we'll have a lot to talk about, right?
Or maybe this is just one of those things we're going to talk about like insurance, stuff like that.
Could be very innocuous.
What words you can or can't I say?
Because when it says Pat Trump and Mahmoud Russell III from our corporate office, who the hell is that?
Who are you?
Is that a guy? Is it a girl? Is it a lie?
Is it...
Yeah?
Maybe we're not going to sell the place. Maybe we're just going to stand... Pat.
Or maybe during the meeting he'll get up or she or whatever it isn't saying...
Is that 80? Thank you.
I mean, no.
Yeah, right in the middle of the goddamn meeting to entertain the staff.
Give everybody a chuckle, don't you think?
I'll bring my fruit.
This is very exciting. Well, you know, in the middle of the dog days of summer,
we've got to do something to spice it up a little bit.
I'm predicting the station is sold.
And I'm going to pay everybody who's got a contract off, starting with yours truly.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Yeah, good.
Sounds good to me.
Just be sure and add all the zeros in there, Schmuck.
A Catholic priest, this is in Orange Park, what?
Orange Park, New York?
Orange Pine, Florida?
Yeah, Florida.
A Catholic priest is accused of taking more than 400 grand from his Keystone Heights church
to give his mistress and family authority said, his mistress and family...
I guess I better read that sentence again.
What problem do you see in that line, huh?
What's it, a little boy?
A Catholic priest is accused of taking more than $400,000 from his Keystone Heights church
to give his mistress and family authorities be saying, hey, there's that straight priest you've been looking for.
Moises B. Palaron.
Also known as Meshie.
52 was charged Friday with first degree grant theft after a routine audit by officials
overseeing St. William Catholic Church revealed the missing money stated to Tony Harry Schurstein said.
Palaron was passed to retain William from 1996 till this summer.
Previously, he was an associate pastor at two parishes in Jacksonville, sacred heart and most holy redeemer Catholic church.
A spokeswoman for the diocese of his family, Augustine, which overseas pair, I haven't even started the ploy yet.
I'll get to it.
Which overseas parishes across North Florida said Palaron had asked for three months off the visit,
family members in the Philippines and was replaced in July.
The diocese then conducted the audit learned of the missing funds that diocese ordinarily performs audits every four years
and when there's a change in pastor.
According to this, what I'm hearing the rumor is that we're going to have like a change of format on QA and tomorrow.
Starting on Thursday.
More music?
More music?
Yeah, five, six, eight, don't think it's great?
I'm going to spring that rumor around right now.
Let's all the hits all the time.
Double Hute QA and it's just your type.
How do you think your answer can be?
Come on, Steve.
Wonderful.
W-T-A-A.
Oh, I'm a rock.
You stay sure with the high-speed DJ.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
All the hits all the time.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Man, I'm going to tell you.
For all this, it's such a phenomenal job ripping him in ass yesterday for...
And it just went on and on.
I was squeezing it till it bled.
It was great.
So anyway, there's the Catholic priest door.
The obligatory one for today.
Just so George can piss off our friend Dennis.
And that's the reason you do those?
Absolutely.
Okay, here's the poll question for today.
Although we do have a bunch of calls on there.
And I'm kind of tempted to see if any of them are for real.
I don't know.
For all.
Here's for Waterdale.
Hello?
That's Matthew and he's 0.56.
Yeah, good.
Like I said.
It's a challenge.
Yeah.
It's a really, it's even bigger than the payphone challenge.
It's the South Florida.
Do we have anything to say challenge for nearly 30 years?
Fuck 30, man!
I've been asking that question and we find anything yet?
No.
No, they got nothing to say.
Unless you spoon-feed and unless you do like you did yesterday and build a poll which you chastised me for.
This last Thursday, you heard me an ass.
I admit it over and over again.
Rip me an ass.
Oh, there he is.
The old man's building a poll.
But back, I copped out.
I admit it to be really...
I'm working on my poll.
Sure.
Of course you got to find it.
Okay, here's the poll today.
I'm...
I see you know who this is going to be.
It's on line 9 in Carroll City.
It's going to be that guy again.
Carroll City, hello.
It's him.
Anyway, yeah, I...
I'm...
I'm better than Riva.
I'm guiding light as far as my psychic abilities.
It's incredible.
I know.
You know you've been doing this too long.
You know who the caller is before even puts the button up.
But with all due respect, that ain't psychic when there is regular as they are.
I see.
Here's today's poll.
After his death, the media proclaimed Bob Hope which just made me...
gag.
They proclaimed Bob Hope the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century.
Who do you think it was?
And I got a choice, a list here of six.
There'll be some other suggestions, although...
The greatest American entertainer of the 20th century.
Bob Hope.
Yeah.
Elvis Presley.
Frank Sinatra.
Milton Burrell.
Mr. Television.
Steve Allen or Johnny Carson.
All right.
And in my humble opinion, any of those last five top Bob Hope by Lightyear's...
I don't think there's anybody under the age of O...
Bob Thirdman.
We even has any idea who now Bob Hope was.
No.
Right?
Right.
Nobody knows who the hell that was.
His movies weren't funny.
His movies weren't funny.
His radio show was boring.
His stand-up routine was embarrassing.
And the US...
Oh!
Stuff was all like a gung-ho, you know, phony...
Phony below an American jingle was him.
If you were a veteran, if not the words, if you were stationed over there,
that's the only time that you would have seen him perform.
And then he finally, and of course he was Mr. Republican.
He was buddies with Nixon.
And he was, you know, and then came out and favored the Warren V at NOM.
And I kind of like...
That's when his nose started to break in a little piece.
Old ski-nose.
Did you ever...
You didn't even know that.
It was his nickname, ski-nose.
Yeah, I did.
You did, you know that?
Sure.
I bet you knew his nickname was ski-nose.
I did.
Because I'm a good geezer.
I see.
So I have one...
What is it?
I have one to add.
Already?
Yeah.
I thought about it.
Steve Martin.
19 to 11 at 560 WQM.
We must have a breakdown in the connects.
Maybe we'll have another black guy.
I didn't hear a word you just said.
Funny.
Get out of here.
The greatest American entertainer of the 20th century is Steve Martin.
Hey, he's going to beat most of all of you.
The only reason you said that is because I just mentioned ski-nose.
What was that movie?
Who was...
Don't tell me.
The name of the movie begins with an R.
Where his nose was growing.
I don't...
Yeah, I won't tell you.
Rapunzel.
Close.
Got an accident.
It's got a what?
It's got a...
Oxand.
Yeah.
How could I guess?
Psychic.
Night.
19 to 11 at 560 WQM.
They have kids going back to college in the next couple of weeks.
Well, if you do want to give them one with comforts of home on new bed from Dalai Madfris,
they can have a great night sleep every night and screw their brains out on it too.
By calling 1-800-Matt,
Prissy can order a new mattress and Dalai Madfris for your college student and set up bright in their off-campus apartment.
When you call 1-800-Matt, Prissy can choose from dozens of models from Cele,
served a temper-peed-eximmons or king-coyle at low-student prices.
It doesn't matter what the colors that Cele is headed to if they're staying in South Florida,
or headed to Philly, Boston, New York or Washington,
the bedding experts at Dalai Madfris will make them feel just like they're right at home.
So get that bed now by calling 1-800-Matt,
you get service like you only dream about for a delivery team rank number one in satisfaction.
It's going to be on top of it.
They carry only the first quality name, Brad Prismatris, to a discount price.
No house brands, no irregularies, no seconds, no crap, only the best in the business.
When you call Dalai Madfris at 1-800-Matt, as always,
you pick today in the tour window for delivery.
Any day, seven days a week from 8 in the am till 10 p.m.,
and your kids will be sleeping well the first night.
With low prices, same day, delivery, free set up, and removal is easy to see
why Dalai Madfris continues to be ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction,
and everybody gets a student discount to a Dalai Madfris.
So pick up that instrument right now and call them tool free 1-800-Matt.
That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, around line, it's macriss.com for Dalai Madfris,
the easy-to-smart way to get you a great night sleep for you when you're painting the ass-kiss.
My life and look-o, this is 435-60-MAT.
You ain't no way now.
Hello everyone, Billy Maze here, the guy who brought you Acity Clean and Orange Clean.
Now I've got a new product that harnesses another all-natural cleanser,
introducing Feces Clean.
Look at that red wine stain on this carpet.
Think you have to throw it out?
Think again.
Just a few squirts of Feces Clean.
And look at that.
Now you won't even care about the wine stain.
And Feces Clean even turns the carpet back to its original color,
as long as it was brown.
Let's put Feces Clean to work on this iodine stain.
The patented brown foaming action and the distinctive odor is how you know
Feces Clean is working.
Now, just wipe it away with a crumpled piece of this two-ply wiping tissue
free with your purchase.
Take it from me.
I should know.
I'm Billy Maze.
My initials are BM.
And Feces Clean works everywhere.
You're home, office, garage, boat, or RV.
Anyplace accidents happen.
It even works on pesky chocolate stains and stubborn skin marks.
I'm Billy Maze, telling you that when stains gotta go,
you gotta go with Feces Clean.
Older now.
1046-560.
I love that.
No comment yet from the White House about the explosion at the UN headquarters in Baghdad.
Nothing there, mum.
Yeah.
They're checking it out.
So, speaking of checking it out,
oh, and also you want to go to your video store immediately to thank it.
Boeing for Columbine is finally out after we waited all through the summer.
They postponed it.
Okay.
Boeing for Columbine by our brilliant friend Michael Moore.
It's out.
So, how?
Update.
Yes?
On this meeting.
Oh, okay, great.
Wait, wait a minute.
This is important stuff now, just a minute.
If it's a girl, it's just a girl.
Here's some important news about our big corporate cleaning tomorrow at 72AM,
recently broadcasted in 12-40.
Or is it like it powers strike again because what did you infer that it might be about?
The sale of the station?
No.
Not the government.
Insurance policies?
Sexual harassment.
Are you serious?
Yes.
Are you sure?
Sexual harassment.
Yes.
Is Matti Bell involved in this meeting?
It's part of their due diligence so that they can say that we have been spoken to.
So, what would you say?
It's a CYA meeting.
Right.
They're going through the process of being here.
I have to worry about that because I mean, if we stare at her and some good looking young guys,
then maybe in a someday I might want to harass, then it would be interesting.
But we don't have any of those people.
Michael and Josh, you said something.
Well, I mean, I mean, Miguel is just married.
Yeah, that makes the difference.
Plus, he's hairy too, you know?
And who's he?
And Josh Cordis.
I thought you meant Josh Gero.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
No, he's dead.
Since the Beast got his ass off, but Jesus God.
Josh Cordis is a nice kid, but you know.
No, I shouldn't.
I shouldn't.
Now, let me say this to you because you know me a long time.
Right.
I have a philosophy, which unfortunately some of our people and management don't adhere to in that building.
I have a philosophy and that is you don't crack or you eat.
I mean, it's a right-please-shay.
I'm a big believer in that.
You don't dittle around with a people you work with.
It always comes to a bad rectum end.
Right?
Right.
Nothing good can ever come of that.
I'll tell Scott Lorshwarth's that.
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
They've met and got married.
Well, they met and met at work.
But it's not like they were either were they married or they worked?
No, they weren't married.
I mean, but they were like both single.
They were both single and anxious to mingle and the drop of tingle.
They were around for months and finally he caught her.
Did he really?
Yeah.
Caught right up with her and she could be dead.
Well, I don't care.
That's fine.
And what about the Alpo Rick Alper and what was her name?
Right, what was her name?
Who?
D.
That's right.
C.
C.
Is that a need to eat that?
I don't know.
This is your end of speaking in lay station.
So it's a meeting about sexual harassment.
And leave, leave it to us on this and how did you find this out?
A little bird John Gerr is told me.
I see.
It's sexual harassment.
Also harassment.
Orasmen are not to meet.
Here, before we get off the subject.
Yes, let's get off.
Pat is a female.
It's a she.
So you know, and I don't want to sound sexist, but you know there's nothing big, heavy, duty corporate coming out when a female is in a female over.
What do you mean by that?
I've seen some heavy power wielding females in my time.
In this corporation?
Not in this corporation, no.
I mean, we got what's your name over there?
Kirl and Beasley that sounds the paychecks.
We love Kirl and even though she can't get it straight, she can't get her life streamed out.
But we still love her because she sounds the paychecks.
See with me, the people who deliver me my money, those are the people I like best.
Like Clarence Darrow, they're Josh.
He's the best.
He can do no wrong.
Even though we can't get laid, even though we think he's a closet queen, and we think he's definitely got a vagina.
No, seriously, he went to see Scroo and he's on his, he's on Vended Knee begging to borrow the two wide monster that she's got that royal lift behind.
Roy!
The two, the essay two wide, the two head monster.
Yeah, well the same thing.
They're two different color eyes though.
One blue and one black.
How is that?
Let me go.
Is that before or after the first use?
I'm wondering.
That's the way.
Oh no!
I'm sitting here envisioning that, oh god, I think we have to leave right now.
That's what I was going to do.
So in other words, all this big build up, like maybe there was going to be some spectacular announcement.
It comes to like another CYA cover your ass meeting by the Beasley Broadcast people, sexual harassment.
And for our general manager to be putting this memo out, I find most, I don't know whether it's amusing or frustrating or bizarre.
I don't want to go into, although probably he'll be coming on our show since we have the most highly rated show to make the public announcement.
Since he's announcing that everybody else in the building about his current love interest.
At any rate, that's just the way it goes.
Okay, to each his own more power to him, he never stole a freight train even though he's a bozo and still can't put the pieces of the morning show back together again.
And what was that thing in Barry Jackass on Friday?
I heard Gildey talking a little bit about it, even though I don't listen.
I'm like the rimmers, I never listen.
But I really don't, but I do pick up some interesting tidbits.
I heard Gildey mention so I went to the website on a hero and I looked up ensuring I'm very Jackass writes that Joe Rose was offered a co-hosting with Mo on a morning show.
Absolutely.
But Joe couldn't fit into his schedule on.
How is that possible?
There'd be a cat fight the first two minutes.
They wouldn't be in the same, they could never finish the first show.
No.
Right?
Right.
And of course maybe Greg is figuring that Joe would rip Mo apart limb by limb piece by piece, which is maybe the only way we can get his crusty old ass outside the building.
Absolutely.
Yeah, that's something to think about.
That's a plan.
Okay, we can put the pull up anytime you want, Eric, because this is one that I thought we got most of the big names on it already.
We'll have some additions.
I'm not putting Steve Martin on there.
Why not?
He'll tell you that most of these fossils that are already on there.
If you went into a shopping mall, a group of people of mixed ages from like 15 to 100, and you asked the same question,
who was the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century?
There wouldn't be one person who would say Steve Martin.
No, they'd say Elvis.
Yeah.
So what sort of we have to put Steve Martin on therefore?
You know what?
I'll put it on there and it'll probably be like that Haitian station was getting all the cranked up.
You know, you're putting the boats on your pulley on the day.
Yeah, the WNVN hospital station.
How about to put some people on here from the lifetime of the people that might be listening?
I understand that most of these people go back, but do we want to say who was the greatest American entertainer of the last 20 years?
Then it's a different story.
But the fact of the matter is the reason I'm taking it a poll is because they were saying Bob Hope was the greatest American entertainer of the, you know, who was funny or Bob Hope or Steve Martin?
Not no contest.
I'm funnier than Bob Hope.
You're funnier and you're not even amusing in your funnier than Bob Hope.
God, okay, I put Steve Martin on there just to make you happy.
I got some bad news for you though, which I told you before the show.
Oh, and I didn't tell you.
I held it back.
I know.
Don't forget, folks.
Go out and get pulling for Columbine today.
Now is the tape on today or the DVD also?
I'm sure they come out at the same time.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
1057, has anything new on this thing in Baghdad?
Intelligence agencies too include the Army recruit in our universities.
So you're trying to bring in very capable interested motivated young people
that can keep a secret.
They are highly intelligent.
You want to do the job and then you turn them to work?
Well whatever that means.
well whatever that means.
Okay, they had an explosion, nasty car bomb.
Okay, you've been sleeping.
Okay, you've been out of touch with reality.
Lesley did dozens of others injured.
another terrorist, a bunch of them, to crap, which we've helped to stir up, and now it's
happening all over again.
And just in case you missed the other story, which may even be more significant, Al Qaeda
now claiming responsibility for the energy blackout in the Northeast, including her
internalized week, you bastards, you!
We're not too fond of them, are we?
No.
Assholes.
1057 at 560 W.A.
And let me tell you about losing weight.
In fact, your ass speaking, well, now just say that's something about ass, will reduce
dramatically.
The beast is on balance for life and you ought to be too.
This is your last gas beast.
Are we right about that?
Yeah, last gas.
Take a deep breath.
And that's your lunch.
No balance for life gives you plenty of food.
This is one weight loss program you're not going to be starving on all day long.
Some of the diet programs would give you little tiny, pigeon-like portions and you're starving
and you're thinking, how the hell can I stay on this and you don't and you want to begin
you waiting instead of losing.
Balance for life makes it easy because they provide all your food and there's plenty of it.
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting,
nothing to think about.
All you do is go to your door by 6 o'clock every morning whenever you get up and there's
your little black sack.
And inside everybody at Fresh Radford told me this morning everybody should have a little
black sack.
And there's all your food for the entire day.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks right there at your door and the food is fresh.
It's delicious and there's nothing prefabricated, nothing frozen.
No added is.
It's all the best ingredients known to man and you'll have a big smile on your post every
day.
The only choice you have to worry about making is when you fill out your little menu once
a week you have two choices for each meal and snack every day that's run a program and
that's it.
And they take care of all the rest for you.
So you're overweight out of shape, lethargic, diabetic, on a verge of croaking over there.
If you're sick and tired of being a walking tub of crap, let balance for life help you
lose it once and for all.
You start seeing results within just a matter of days on that scale.
Call balance for life today, 9.5.4.
5.6.8.30.229.
Check them on the Wicked World Wide Web at balanceforlife.com.
Hey, stench of palmenor covers over this performance by the dolphins.
By the way, Jake Hitler sucks.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
I'm going to have to go.
Does that make any sense to us?
Marlins on deck 830.
The Marlins at Colorado to play the Rockies in 905.
But the big is that the ballpark makes no sense.
And you'll mark overnight.
Look at that.
It says you'll mark overnight midnight till 5.
Because the game's been in about midnight.
So any king gets a night off tonight.
Did you get it?
I was going to mark.
Maybe they'll be talking to somebody.
10 to 2 yesterday.
I actually heard a piece.
I beg your pardon?
Just today.
They were on 10 to 2?
Yeah.
Oh, at night.
Right.
Oh, look at that.
I've seen a pool where I've seen the votes come in like one at a time.
What was I just talking about a little while ago?
There's nobody in town.
The votes are coming in like one at a time.
Maybe they don't know the pool as a pool.
Goes up.
After his death, the media proclaimed Bob Hope,
the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century.
Who do you think it was?
Five-said Bob Hope.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Johnny Carson 2, Elvis Presley 2, I voted for him.
One of them is by Steve Martin 2, one of his Georgia's.
Frank Sinatra 1, none for Steve Allen or Milton Burrell.
Now, I added on here, you facts me, Jackie Gleason.
Right.
To the choice, I think it's rich factor.
And what about Madonna?
Huh?
Okay.
What?
Nothing.
Let's put her on there.
She'll get some votes.
You don't think?
I just, that's not personal.
You wouldn't get my vote, but there will be people who would say,
freaking Madonna.
Okay, she's big.
She's big in them.
Whatever.
We're big in Japan.
Yeah.
Just like Jerry Lewis, he's big in France.
Everybody's big somewhere, like me.
I'm big in the, you know.
So the poll is up for you to prove and have a good time with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, here's a call in Miami.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I don't know if you've had to leave.
Did you guys talk about the tech couples proof the other night?
No.
He was on the night of the blackout.
Yeah.
And the guy called up the cell phone call.
And it was supposed to be someone from the New York Transit authority.
Was another Howard Stern person?
No, no, actually it wasn't.
Howard Stern, he was pushing.
He started talking to him and he was, he told you it was a spoof because he started talking
about opposite wood.
What they should have done with the people in the subway.
And then he kept on saying, and what you really need to do, Mr. Coppola, is go to
thanks for taking my call.com.
And he kept saying it, like three or four times in a matter of like two minutes and then
the cell phone would kind of go off and, you think he got her, someone in his studio would like stop him?
Yeah.
And he'd come back and he'd go, okay, now, yeah, we got him back, okay, we got a better connection.
Great, we got that back from, you know, he'd mention the name.
Well, you know something that's funny, you mentioned that because the same thing happened with that Howard Stern guy,
called Carl Costello on CNN that Friday morning.
They lost the connection and then they got him back on and he says, well, a power before we start in two or three hours.
And by the way, would you bang Howard Stern?
I didn't get that.
Oh, I just, you know, I'm sure someone else would call in.
So what happened with what was the website again?
He kept on saying, I think it was something about thanks for taking my call.com.
Is this such a website?
I don't know.
I'm afraid to even look, but it was so funny because he kept on cutting out and he'd go, do we got him back?
Okay, we got him back.
We got him back on the line.
Oh my God.
And the things he was saying about, like, well, we need to keep the people on the train.
And he did.
And he would say, like, he would go, like, well, I don't know why he would do that, sir.
He goes, but of course, you're from the transitory, so I guess.
Right.
And then he can't take the way Carl.com again.
And then it was without raises.
That's the best.
It was great.
Thank you.
You too, Tom.
That's great.
And these are the people in the media that are like, you're going to give us the info, the straight poop.
Oh, God.
That's pretty pathetic.
But you did remember her name.
Well, it came back to me, Carol Castell.
You know who she is?
No.
Yeah, you do.
You'll see her in a moment.
She's on early.
How do I write their names down?
She's on a real early show.
And nobody's awake.
Kind of like what we do with Mo.
Absolutely.
I mean, she's attractive with a lot of makeup.
But I've seen her when she was like on an emergency thing.
And you know, like like many people without makeup, she's pretty nasty.
Kind of like that Dean Kane thing, you know.
Now, let's see how this pole is shaping up here.
Okay, let's get some votes on this turkey.
Let's put some lipstick on this pig.
Oops.
Isn't it amazing how the public is just so weak?
The people have been manipulated in condition to be in so God, then we...
You'll never see another revolution in America.
I'll tell you that even at the upholstery.
It just ain't going to happen.
The public has been so...
They've been turned into like jello.
They planned it well in advance with you.
They're like silly putty.
Right.
Especially the silly part.
Anyway, after his day, well, I'm not going to read the whole thing.
Who was the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century?
Bob Hope 9, Johnny Carson 7, Elvis 7, Steve Martin 5, I told you he'd do well.
Frank Sinatra 3, no votes for Steve Eleanor Milton Brobe, we don't have a Jackie Gleasoner Madonna up there yet.
We'll get some other choices on here, don't you think?
I hope so.
We'll be better.
Or you're in a lot of trouble.
I know.
Because you're doing the show at noon.
You didn't know that yet.
No.
Well, I got to go out and get that Michael Moore CD and I.
Oh my God.
It's sunny.
It is beautiful here all the way.
We've got to keep that air away down, you know.
Yeah.
You've got to keep the lights off.
We've got to be in the dark as much as possible.
You know, the worst part of this whole deal is that the fur all over the weekend, you know,
the airport here, person there for it was all on nightmare in their candidate as usual.
All my apologies to my friends at Air Canada.
I do love them, but man, they got problems.
You know, they're always like one breath away from going out of business.
Right.
And they had a nightmare like all the airports in the Northeast because they had to cancel all the flights and their backup energy wasn't working and they couldn't take off.
And they're telling everybody to conserve extra power or this week we're going to have rolling blackouts.
And in the meantime, most of the big neon signs like downtown, they're blurring in the lights.
And I thought what they had earlier, they were calling them rolling brownouts.
Oh, they work on.
Well, that was only in Scrooans or office.
The clearance went in there with a flashlight.
He went into or her orifice with a flashlight.
And when it doubted, he checked it out.
Spelunking?
He was in there, spelunking, yes.
Isn't that something the whole big buildup about that meeting out tomorrow and it turns out it's about sexual harassment?
That's so boring, you know?
No, it ain't.
Now, now you want to be paying attention to that because if you hire another intern like what's your name?
Like what was your name?
What was your name?
Don't tell me Shannon.
Yeah, I had a boy who rastled me again like that one did, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was terrible the way she had used to crawl around on the floor and grabbing my paper all the time.
Shannon, I thought that I'd bet.
Probably several times.
But in any rate, that's good.
I'll sexual harassment.
We're covering our ass if QAM, we want the world to know that, okay?
If anything bad happens, we didn't do it.
Here's a call from Boca, hello?
Boca.
Who's listening to the radio?
Which I don't blame them.
I've had these people on here for an attorney.
Are you there?
You be there Boca or not.
Hello?
Here's the four-letter deal, hello?
Neil, God.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Are Jers going to stole my thunder?
I was going to predict that the meeting was going to be to announce a 24-hour shield increase format.
Is that an 8-8-ta-ke-bakami?
I think it'd be a hit man.
Exactly.
Hit man.
Exactly.
And usually I was going to say that usually those,
so human resource meetings where they send someone down from corporate.
It's always C-Y-A.
They'll probably have you sign some kind of a statement so they can put it in your personal file saying that.
I won't have you sign those statements because I ain't going to be there.
No, but you're a contractor anyway, though, right?
Right, I'm not an employer, right?
Yes, I mean if you're a, if you're employed by the corporation, then you just standard HR procedure that, you know, that all of these things follow.
Right, now while I have you, are you going to add an end to our list or not?
I don't know.
Okay, well let me ask you this.
Bob Hope, which probably, I mean, I don't know how old you are, but Bob Hope to anybody under the age of other than old fossils like me, he doesn't mean anything.
I'm at 40s and, yeah, I mean to me, Bob Hope is like as a name from the past.
Right.
Yes, from the early distant past.
No, that would be saying like Rudy Valley was the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century.
Earl Jolson, for example.
Yeah, I'm wondering if Earl Jolson was a lot better in Bob Hope.
Yeah, and I mean, Earl Jolson was very important to the history of the movie.
I'm not putting Earl Jolson on there.
How do you like that? I'm going to put him on the list.
I would put, I would vote for Earl Jolson over Bob Hope.
He was more important.
And since you mentioned Earl Jolson, what about Groucho Marx?
There you go.
He was, I'm sorry, good.
He was big into movies and on TV also.
Actually, I mean, if you want to, there's no women on the list so far.
Madonna.
I'm a down out.
I was going to say Betty Davis because, again, from an older perspective, you know, that was somebody who really was like, you know, larger than life.
Everybody knew who she was. Everybody followed her on screen and off screen line.
I mean, I was stricing maybe in the second half of the century, but both of those over Madonna though.
Okay, excellent. Thanks a lot, pal.
Thank you.
See you.
See, we're getting some good choices on here.
So I wrote down Earl Jolson, Groucho Marx and Betty Davis.
Very good.
You think she went in his Betty Davis eyes or maybe just that one brown one?
12 in his past.
How did we get started with screw and again?
Oh, you pulled her out of your head.
No, Clara's pulled it out.
And she went running on that orifice screaming in the Ellen.
He pulled her right out.
It was a strap on.
Is what I'm hearing.
She said, oh, I've seen Ellen before.
Roar.
He's still a way of that thing around in here.
Sexual harassment in the workplace.
Oh, boy.
Mm-hmm.
I'll pull it.
Yeah, but you will be.
I got to hear about this.
Is Little Maddie Bell going to be in it?
And who was he chasing around at time?
It was the young lady.
He was no comment.
No, no, seriously.
What do you remember a couple of years ago?
Are my good close personal friend, Maddie Bell,
it brings us all the ratings before anybody in the world has it?
I don't know.
I don't remember that.
Yeah, you do.
Come on.
There is George again being a was.
I don't know.
With being such a pussy, you know everything.
You know everybody around.
You know every female that ever worked in that building.
Or even the ones that walk around on the street outside the building.
You know, you're going to.
11, 13 at 5, 60.
It'll come back to you.
But maybe it was Carol Costello.
Is that Joe's wife?
Well, in fact her name is Carolyn Costello.
So you think it could have been Carolyn?
11, 13 at 5, 60 at WDQM.
If you're in a really dead end job, maybe college just is going to take too long.
You don't have four years to wait for it to find a life and cost too much also.
But if you can't afford just 10 bucks a month and commit yourself,
the three nights a week for four months, fast-tracking up you achieve a new high-paying computer career.
That's absolutely correct folks.
Just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who will be qualifying.
So call fast train.
What you got to lose beside a dead end job at a really lame paycheck.
Call 1, 866 fast train because they have four locations all over town.
It just makes sense to us about everyone pretty close to where you are.
They're in Miami, Kindle, Pembroke Fines and prestigious Fort Lauderdale.
When you call 866 fast train, you'll be talking with a train career counselor.
And fast train continues to offer you day-ending weekend schedules.
They give you job placement hands-on training too.
So call fast train today at 866 fast train.
And wait a minute hands-on training. That's not like sexual harassment is it?
Yes.
Fast trains deferred payment is valid for one year regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you were high school student on summer break, somebody that really crappy,
rotten underpaid dead end job or just looking to increase that net worth.
Call fast train today toll-free until the cranky old meal told you to call 866 fast train
or check them on that wicked worldwide web at fast train.com.
566 fast train is on your side.
2AM!
See you at Dr. Dudley today, Gellie.
I got some wonders order, you know.
Oh, mention it, oh, the fake one at the end, but he exploded yesterday.
Yeah, so bad for the fact that little bastard didn't even know where to come from.
Yaaay!
Let me out of this toilet.
William talker, what do you know?
What do you say?
How are we today, Mr. Howard?
You tell me, talker. What's the noise I load down on a test?
I won't know until you remove those checkered pans.
Okay.
So level with me, talker, do I got to, what do you call it, their 8 minutes?
What I got to wait for you to live like Ben Giggie's guitar?
Who's that?
Never mind it.
Now, just let me place these whole hecked towels on your scrum.
Hey, easy on the prunes!
Turn, worry. It's just an ultrasound.
And my balls went full!
Just hear me have any.
Now come.
Four.
Six, six, six, six four.
Six, six, six, six, six...
Again!!
Four, six, six, six, six, six...
Again!!
Four, six, six, six...
Why, you, that, you know who I am.
You want let's be allowed to practice medicine.
I don't have to practice it, I know it.
Now, pen down there.
Oh, no, you don't let it go and stoop into something.
I think I know what the problem is.
Oh, well, in that case.
Hmm.
Just as I thought, I was that bad case of final scene, build up, tell two white,
Never mind, I'll write you a prescription for a day.
But day ain't that French yet, ain't we supposed to hate that trust me?
You'll be take on paint, once I clean you out.
Nurse, extend my wonder worm.
Oh, ready to insert.
I can't fit in the world.
Lemon 19 at 560 WQM, 64 votes on a pool.
After his death, the media proclaimed Bob Hope, the greatest American entertainer of the
20th century.
Who do you think it was?
Bob Hope, 15 votes.
Johnny Carson, 14, Elvis, 13.
Steve Martin, hey, that's all you.
Sumatra 6, Steve Allen, a pair.
Jackie Gleason's got a pair.
Madonna's got two, Milton Burle 1, and Groucho, we just stuck up on her, we've got one already
in the Al-Jolson none yet.
And I have a justification for, uh, my, Steve Martin pick.
Where's Vinny Davis?
Oh, I got another one before he justify.
I ate.
What about Marlon Brando?
Absolutely.
Huh?
I might vote for him.
Look at all the great movies he was in.
That's right, that was going to be sort of my point.
Unlike Bob Hope, Steve Martin actually made a couple of movies that were actually funny.
Right.
And he did, you know, live performing on stage and, and he also did dramatic movies that
were pretty damn good.
Yeah.
Unlike Bob Hope.
The greatest American entertainer of the 20th century was Steve Martin.
I had to pick one over those other people that were on the pole.
Uh, Willie Nelson says somebody here now.
He's a little bit too moody for me.
Willie Nelson, I'm not putting that on him.
This is another one of these stories, boy, you're really digging them on today.
School principal faces sex charges.
Maybe he ought to be in that meet and come on on social harassment.
Sarasota, the Reverend Jerry Lee pits is accused of having sex with a 15 year old student
repeatedly of his Christian school, all those horny Christians, man.
The principal at local Christian school in Sarasota was charged Wednesday, I guess this
is last week, with sexually assaulting a female student over several months last year.
The Reverend Jerry Lee pits 37 pastor and principal at the Living World Christian Academy,
455 North Lyme Avenue in Sarasota is accused of having sex with a girl multiple times in
an office and a computer lab at the school police said.
According to a police report, I was getting off the elevator and my building yesterday
and it was a really good looking guy waiting, uh, there, whatever floor it stopped at.
And he had his laptop in his hand, he had it in his hand.
Yeah.
And he said, can you believe it?
They were first with the power blackout.
I just discovered the worm in my computer.
Yeah, he had the worm.
I say, can I take a look at it?
We're going to look for the worm on his laptop on his lap.
According to a police report, the girl who was 15 at the time told police to sex occurred
from April to July, 2002.
She is now 16.
Pits couldn't be reached or comment for some bizarre reason.
Of course, he is denying those allegations that is attorney Leon Campbell.
Police said they have sworn statements by two other people, one a former student who
said she was sexually abused by a pit.
The other man, adults, say, do have knowledge of another student who was abused.
Pit was charged with five counts of ludar lascivious battery and one, he used batteries
and one kind of ludar lascivious molestation based on the 60 year old statement.
It goes on and on at great length.
How do you like that?
Another one of those isolated incidents.
God.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I don't see Betty Davis on here.
We don't want to put too much pressure on Eric who has been doing a spectacular day.
By the way, she is sure.
No, but not on mine.
I see Eric.
Maybe you need to reload.
I got 71 votes.
How many you got 83?
Oh, well, you see it's taking a little.
I got 83 right now, Betty Davis and Marlon Brando just went on there.
They have none between the two of them.
They got none.
See, really stop and think about this one.
What does it take to qualify for this?
I mean, you know, now that's a big deal because almost all these people are dead anyway.
Most of them.
But what does it really take?
In other words, there has to be longevity.
Somebody who has learned for a long time.
Somebody when it came to masses, which means certainly it's got to almost definitely be either music,
movies or television or combination of those.
See, the thing with Elvis is he made those awful movies, but he was in a lot of movies.
Right.
They were horrible, but he was in movies and of course music and also on TV.
How about Ed Sullivan with a joke, boys and girls just a joke boy.
You have to have you ever have you ever seen those.
I don't understand them to this day.
And now we have topo, G. Joe.
I'm not sure he was either he was ever really alive at Sullivan.
He was ugly.
He had a horrible, deformed posture.
He couldn't talk.
Yet a personality like a bad man.
But other than that, he was dynamic.
Now the Beatles, the Beatles who he just as stiff as a cardboard box.
So like, and my grandma used to come at Solomon.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What a great.
Are you doing it?
Hey, what do you another call from what he great?
We're going to radio head tickets and us fast.
Yeah, he wants his radio head ticket.
Stammer.
What you got to ask for them.
Please, please.
Okay.
Let's see what I can do for you.
Oh, before you go before you go on.
Do you see the wait a minute?
Did you see Ozzy Osborne sing?
Take me out of the ball game and really feel the other day.
Did you see that?
I thought that for that.
Yeah.
Oh my goodness.
That was.
And did you see Steve Stone standing next to him?
And Steve, of course, with no sense of humor whatsoever,
just incredulous and with an ugly look like,
yeah, what is this?
You know, I thought Steve was going to float right away.
Well, it was certainly a, a, certainly a momentous
part of the ball game.
It was.
I don't know what else went on there.
But yeah, I touched the week from Thursday, George.
So I'll see what I can do for you.
Elvis Presley just moved into first place.
Yeah.
I was going to mention Rachel Marsford
and somebody else did before you picked me up.
But yeah, that guy to me is not nobody else mentioned.
I mentioned it.
You mentioned Roger.
That's right.
A little bit of credit, Woody.
Okay.
All right.
Well, somebody got to go into mentioning it.
Yeah.
No, but definitely the definitely right now, Mark.
I thought you'd be on your pole definitely.
I actually saw him live.
He did back when he didn't you promote one of his appearances?
Not quite, but on 1937.
This was back in the early 70s.
He did like a couple of live like lectures almost really where
actually Marvin Hamlish was a piano player at the time.
Who?
Marvin Hamlish.
You remember?
Oh, Marvin Hamlish.
Yeah, I can't stand Marvin Hamlish.
I know.
He did.
There's something about him and his whole ambiance just makes me want to puke.
Yeah, but Roger actually got up and he talked about his movies and he, you know,
he was still lucid at that point.
He was hilarious.
Here's the facts that say here's one that says how about Sammy Davis, Jr.
No.
No, we got to put some schwarzes on there.
Plus he was Jewish and had one eye.
Look at all our naughty.
Look at the minorities he covered.
Short people, people with one eye, Jews and schwarzes and tattoos.
How can you beat that?
Have a great day, Woody.
Take care yourself.
Sure, God bless the people from Thursday.
Share George, those tickets, God damn it.
All right.
Thanks.
Good luck on the floor.
Radiohead radio hit here was canceled, I believe, because of the power blackout.
Can you imagine?
Sounds like a riot.
Can you imagine if we'd had to black out right at the time of the stones, the big concert we had here?
And let me say it again for anybody that was traveling like out of the country.
We had a half a million people here in Toronto a couple weeks ago for the Rolling Stones,
the Stones concert with AC DC and guess who and all these other people.
Half a million people and the early going before the thing even started
and there were like two drunken punks arrested for like getting in a scuffle with a cop.
Other than that, nothing.
Not one incident.
Nobody got knife, nobody got mugged and it was hotter than hell too.
It was like boiling over there.
The only incident and it was a really good one of the whole thing was when they started throwing water bottles
at Justin Tinkerbell.
That was great.
Even he admitted that they had good reason to do it.
Like what am I doing here?
It's kind of like what's his name?
What's that was his name?
The guy that ran for Vice President would Ross Piro, what that was his name?
Headroll Stopdale.
See? I'm way ahead of you.
I'm just testing you.
So we put in Sammy Davis on there or not?
I hope so.
We are.
Yeah, let's put a little Sammy Davis on there, huh?
Movies, stage, recorders TV.
You name it.
Remember the Sammy Davis trio?
That's right.
That's when they started.
No, you don't remember the Sammy Davis.
I know what that was.
You thought you had a bus.
You saw his old wheel.
That's what you were born.
Oh, God, am I getting older?
What?
I'm a footage.
So he was soft foot.
And was he 10 foot and 11 27 at 5 60 by the way to her canes blow.
I just thought I would mention that just to piss off the beast and all their fans suck too.
By now, you've been here about how Laminets, Erusses, the away to go and laminated wood
flooring from Laminets.
Erusses, the easy smart, low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminets, Erusses, the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top
names in the business.
They got them all peridore, peridore, Wilson, Art, Uniflor, and Quickstep.
They got all the top names all installed by peridore certified installers.
Here's another really smart reason why I'd be called Laminets, Erusses.
Their prices will positively floor you.
Right now, you can get to somewhere special for just 1995 bucks.
That's correct.
Just 1995 bucks gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
It is positively unbelievable and unmatchable.
And Laminets, Erusses, will match and legitimate written off her too.
If you want a free and home estimate, no obligation.
Call Laminets, Erusses, toll free and tell them that cranky nasty ancient,
the authority to call one.
I'm not cranky, though.
I'm in a pretty good mood because it's sunny and beautiful.
Here's a rain in there.
No.
Guy said it was raining before before what before we came on a year.
Call Laminets, Erusses, toll free at 1 877, 777, 733, 36.
What could be easier or simpler?
They offer your free carpet disposal free furniture, moving a 25 year warranty.
And of course, years and years of beautiful, easy care, laminated wood flooring.
Call Laminets, Erusses, today toll free, 1 877, 777, 33, 36.
What could be better than watching your favorite players slam dunk?
How about watching them get dunked in the slammer?
You can with a all new NBA criminal league.
Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court.
This will be Bryant, Tera Live Strong, Damon Stoutemire, Climb Robinson, Chris Weber, Jerry Stachhaus,
and of course, Alan Iverson.
Aberton, two, three, eight, four, go!
When all the NBA super stars are in lockdown, the action is locked up.
The NBA criminal league.
I'll tell you what this was, Alan.
It's gonna be able to pick the NBA.
It's the most violent prisoner.
Oh, they've gone from committing files to committing penalties.
And you can be a material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminal league.
See, that's what I call a big ball.
The NBA criminal is one of these gangsters.
I'm in 32 of 560 WQM, happy Tuesday, too.
I'm glad here it's not raining at the moment.
Somebody told me before that it was starting to rain and there was a little drip, maybe where they were.
Maybe that was the report from clearance when he went into the screw-ands office.
He said it was a little drip.
Here's the fact that says the best entertainer by far is Benny Hinn,
which is, you know, it's amusing, but then he goes on to say, but seriously, Benny Hill.
Benny Hill is American.
I don't think so.
Don't think so.
Not.
Sorry.
Then Teddy in the Miami, who's a chronic factor, writes he says the gray.
I'm 28 years old, the greatest center.
The 10 I got to see in that century.
Isn't that something where he says that century?
Because it's not that century.
No more right.
Oh, Jesus.
Robin Williams.
Do you think we ought to put Robin Williams on this list?
Why not?
Stand up, comic TV movies.
I don't agree either.
A part of that body and red nose of work.
But he's been around a long time.
He made a lot of, I think just last year he made a bunch of movies.
But third man.
And as far as the female, it says it would have to be shared with and without the wig.
OK, we'll put Cher on here to make Teddy happy.
I don't know.
You think she's also a broad, broad.
Yeah, of course, a lot of people forget her back in a sunny and shared days before he went skiing and before they got to
or before they split up.
Huh?
We remember.
I mean, that's really it wasn't.
I really don't know what her greatest success was.
I'd have to look at my book and I'm too lazy to do that.
She wanted to ask her for that mood struck.
I think I'm not sure.
Right.
So there you go to start a stage screen, movies, TV, music, whatever.
Also, it says there's also this little Colombian Hootsie mama down at the pussycat that that's the older kind of entertainment.
And as far as that's concerned, speaking of the pussycat, maybe we left out one of the most important names of all.
Tempest storm.
There we go.
Who had the Foni Hootsie?
I mean, the Foni five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
This story about Alcada cleaning.
Where is it in the mainstream media?
Why aren't they even reporting that these reports exist?
I don't know.
In these other newspapers.
Where is it?
Elvis, firstly 24.
And again, we should probably apologize because most of our audiences say, and Mommy, they know Elvis.
Even even a little punk kids and we've discovered before our audience ain't all that partial to Elvis.
They can live without him.
Right?
Oh, yeah.
They don't they don't like him.
No.
Who does?
I don't know why would you say that?
That shut-ins.
The only people that like Elvis's music or as an entertainer were fat shut-ins.
And old folks.
Those are the people that go to Graceland and people you're talking about.
They got to get out once in a while.
Old folks, trailer trash like Elvis.
So in other words, only trailer trash and old people like Elvis Presley's music.
Yeah, maybe some bags.
I don't know.
I don't know what they like.
They like Elvis a lot.
Of course, we like Pat Boone too, and so we realized Elvis Presley 24 Bob Hope 23 Johnny Kerson.
19.
Martin 13.
I told you he was a winner.
And I love Steve Martin too, but I mean, just the idea of him being the greatest.
It's just so different about it, but yeah, he's current.
Right.
So what does that mean?
And it goes to show the media, the aquedization of our lives.
Okay.
And the last if we would have said in the last 20 years.
Who was the greatest entertainer?
Who do you've had on there?
In fact, of these people on this list, you had Steve Martin, Johnny Kerson.
Madonna, right?
Yeah, share share.
And that's it.
And Marlon Brando.
And that's about about it.
I mean, some of the people were still alive in the last 20 years like Sammy Davis.
And but look at that.
Sammy Davis and Betty Davis.
How about Ernie Davis?
How about Eddie Davis, junior and senior at Harrington Park?
Who you ever bet on then?
I don't bet on it.
Don't.
119 votes and it's a real battle there.
Like it Sullivan would say real battle.
So not friends Steve Martin 13, Johnny Kerson 19, Bob Hope 23 and Elvis, the
King whom George is denigrating today 24.
And I think that's disgraceful.
The scratch land.
He was okay.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Amy, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, you want to set off some people?
You guys take Bob up.
He was born in England.
Yeah, we know that, but that's death note picking.
Okay, but anyway, funny isn't all that.
I think was Jack Benny and I do agree.
Famous data should be on there, but I was also.
I'm thinking of what I was right.
Just a minute.
The entertainer, Liberace Liberace should be on air.
Right.
But anyway, we got to put some fine point queen on.
Thank you.
Let's put Liberace on air.
Flame point queen.
Hey, Eric.
Eric put Liberace on.
He was putting us on.
He wasn't.
He had a brother, you know.
George, yeah, George Liberace.
He used to stand it when he had the TV show.
He used to stand there next to the piano.
I think he used to blow the candle up.
Jack Benny were putting on there.
I mean, we can't put all the old TV.
We could put Edwin on there.
I mean, yeah, see Edwin was good.
He was great.
He was a funny guy.
Yes, he was.
He was like, he was like a live character from Kupla Fran and Ali.
He was just, he was a panic.
In fact, I think you're Robin Williams,
told the red notice from Edwin.
Edwin was great, but nobody remembers him.
I bet you're a Bokobrine member center.
All those old fossils like it.
You don't remember Edwin.
Old footage.
Yeah.
What is it?
Trio now and what do you call it?
I mean, I'll tell you how you know you're getting old
because his son, Kenan Win, who was really good actor.
Kenan Win is about 90 now.
You know, and he was Edwin's son.
And I remember Edwin.
So what does that tell you?
What did Kenan Win say?
He did.
He did?
Yeah, that was him in the great race.
Are you serious?
I'm telling you.
Wasn't he?
By the way, let me say it again.
I apologize to my friend Johnny Depp and Bella Legosi rest in,
in whatever you're dressed in.
No, you know that they buried.
They actually buried him in that cape.
Yes, they did.
That was his last request, buried me in my cape with a cape on.
And so they're like right in the boxes like a little chicken.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and T.
Right. We got a sexual harassment thing of Q and tomorrow.
Big meat.
They're holding a big meat.
I'm wearing my shiny red leather cod piece to the meeting.
Maybe to bring in a gigantic ceramic rocking penis too.
This is kind of like a syllable message.
Rock on.
Here is a let's roll.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
I know how you doing.
Pretty good.
I got John to vote before you.
And if you're going to put their rights in my little tiny film on the list.
Okay.
I think he had a point.
Don't you?
Tiny Tim.
Good call.
Furry entertain was great.
No.
To wear a sexual.
She'll have the phone if you're too risky.
So I'll get double through the sexual with me.
Now who was that?
It says tiny Tim Jr.
I don't remember that thing.
I don't know.
Don't know.
Is that incredible or what?
I don't know.
This is for 20.
You weigh in.
Crapital records is proud to present the Elvis album.
Everyone's been waiting for it's Elvis and Seattle.
Oh, my.
From the mouth of the dance.
I'm getting hungry.
I read give me a cheaper man.
She's the close guy.
I love the Rosani.
I'm getting hungry.
That's right.
The King of Rock and Roll is playing the Kingdom and you've
got a front road ticket.
Will Jeremy spoke in class today.
Elvis covers all the great Seattle bands.
Pearl Jam Sound Garden and the one that started it all.
Nirvana.
Oh man.
I'm a lot of my mosquito.
My little.
Elvis is very flannel and rocking Seattle only on Crapital
records and seeing.
I got you.
I'm.
As opposed.
As for.
You're welcome.
16 told noon at five 60 W.
We got a hundred and eight million votes.
What do we got on there?
Hundred and 52 votes and Elvis has got a slim lead.
He's got 31 Bob Holt 29, which is shocks the hell out of me.
Johnny Carson 24 Steve Martin 15.
John Keke Gleason 12 look at that.
Grounds.
It was got eight.
I told you.
Yeah.
Here's a thanks from B in Hollywood.
Be something I can't read this but whatever I could be.
The greatest entertainer of the 20th century going back to
1900.
I think the entertainer the captivated the attention imagination
the greatest masses of the world's public any one time was.
Eric Wice a K a Harry who Dini.
What a gigantic weeny.
OK American American self liberator Europe's Eclipse in
sensation world's handcuffed king and prison breaker.
Nothing on earth could hold who Dini a prisoner.
It says except maybe what's his name?
What was his name on a prisoner?
Patrick MacGooin Patrick MacGooin.
What's he doing?
All sorts of good list any actors.
I think that Charlie Chaplin must also be added and says no.
I'm not a hundred eight years old actually 42.
But here's somebody.
It's only 42 but knows all about this good stuff.
Charlie Chaplin I'm putting on there.
Sure.
Harry who Dini.
I don't think so.
Cost us anything to put it on there.
OK.
No, but it makes Eric do more work and he's under a lot of
stress up there.
Isn't he?
No, he's sucking up real hard these days because we've got
where you know who OK Harry who Dini put him on around
if he'll do all that great.
I could be wrong.
What do I know?
But I know from Harry who Dini.
Oh, and speaking of Harry who Dini was it Crescan?
Was that the guy that was in Edward the amazing Crescan?
Right.
The amazing Crescan which I never do a lot in which goes to
Shrewah.
I must have been as a child.
I've heard his name.
What a flamboyant queen.
That was how that Crescan.
I heard Crescan was into Crisco 5 6 out of 5 60.
I know it was it was a good movie.
It should have been just a half an hour.
No editing it could have.
Could have helped editing and like maybe adding a little
something else to the story besides Eddie help me.
Eddie you know, I mean.
No, no valid and I will say this that Harry had much better
looking tracks in his arm and Bella did.
I mean, Bella was more like a road map.
But Harry had like in like the old purple vein.
Bella spread it around.
Harry just banged that one spot.
He just had that one favorite spot.
Here's a call from Miami Lace. Hello.
How about Jim J. Bullock?
He's one of them.
Yeah, he's one of them.
Here's a lady in South Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I'd like to recommend Lucio Ball.
Oh, how could we have left off Lucio?
No.
She's are we stupid or what?
We are.
Okay.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Are we stupid?
Are we done?
Are you a fat partner?
Unlucy.
I beg your pardon?
I just sent you a fact someone suggested Lucio Ball.
Okay, here it is.
Here's one that says Moe Howard David.
Absolutely.
There you go.
Yeah, one pretty old Moe man.
Wow, what's it is?
He lived to almost the entire century.
I reached in for my Lucy Facts.
Just relax.
Lucy.
Oh, no, this isn't the Lucy Facts.
This is about topless three-year-old makes waves at the pool.
Topless toddlers apparently can spark a lust and
an adult to our sexual awareness.
This is disgusting.
This is pathetic.
Where is this from?
Don't know from hunger.
I'll run it from the Detroit repress.
Which I knew it well.
Of course, I live in Detroit when I actually like a few
white people there.
There's still a few white people in Detroit.
Ed and four-lettered else says great American entertainers
female Lucio Ball and male Wayne Newton is what a
well one out of two a bed and I want some red roses.
Oh, please.
I can't get my voice that high.
Donky chain.
Donkish.
Yeah.
Every time I think of Wayne Newton, I think of one other person.
In fact, the movie was just done over the weekend.
Both C. C.
Eagle.
Oh, yeah.
You know what I mean?
I mean, I'm not making any allegations or accusations.
It just I wonder how some of these people have made it big in the
early days of Vegas.
They must have known just like what's his name there?
El Martino.
Right.
Johnny Fontaine.
You know, he went there to the meeting and then he said,
Mama, mama.
No, he did.
He said we'd like you to get some of your friends in show business
to anything for my godfather Mike.
I just I'm just obsessed how you could say Godfather three ruined
or destroyed Godfather one day used all the cliches from it.
They like solid it.
They crap on it.
They tainted it.
We've got
the thing they can only.
Topless three year old makes waves that pool from the Detroit
free press.
Maybe I'll write for girls to be a tapas and pools and say,
Brazil, but don't try going topless at a water park in Detroit.
Even if you're only three years old, it says.
Car Carima, Sarell and her daughter Suhaela Smith three learned
at the hard way Wednesday when security guards at Wayne County.
Did you just fart or something?
Oh, sort of.
And Wayne County's Chandler Park family equated park called police on
Sarell because she allowed her daughter to play in the pool.
Topless.
I mean, is there any hope for America at all?
No.
So relative Detroit said she came to the park about 1130 in the morning.
Wednesday, the park complete with water slides.
Wave and waiting pools is owned by Wayne County and managed by
something that a president of Detroit can't read the word.
So a hair like head or bikini bottom on, but her mother had forgotten
the matching top.
If I had the top, I would have put it on her.
So well said Friday, but Sir also had nothing wrong with a daughter
going topless just like the three year old boy splashing around the pool.
Topless, topless apparently can spark less than adults who are sexually
attracted to children.
At least that's what's a real said the park security guards repeatedly
told her during the standoff, winko enterprises.
They had a standoff.
If there are pedophiles or was it like Nudge Nudge, wink wink is that what
they were doing?
If there are pedophiles in your park, please harass them and leave my daughter
and me alone.
So well said she told the girls.
Yeah, harass them and we'll talk about the meeting tomorrow at Q.A.M.
So Sarell held her ground or better still waited deeper into the pool.
The guards then threatened to call Detroit police on Sarell and her topless
police.
Oh Jesus.
At about one PM, a police officer from the fifth precinct arrived, assessed
the situation in the corner.
Sarell told the park manager, Orrenzo Douglas that Sarell was doing nothing
wrong.
Why don't they have a guy like like a big cabinet meeting about in Detroit?
Let's get the mayor and the city commission together.
Jesus.
Secret service tried it over probe of cartoonist.
The secret service used for foundly bad judgment and seeking the question
Los Angeles Times cartoonist over a political cartoon to picking a man
pointing a gun at President Bush, a senior House Republican said Tuesday
what food they will we know.
Representative Christopher Cox Republican California chairman of the House
Homeland Security Committee said the secret service owned
Pulitzer Prize winning cartoonist Michael Ramirez and apology and the
public is owned an explanation both how this happened and why will not happen
again.
The use of federal power to attempt to influence the work of an editorial
cartoonist for the L.A. Times.
Cox said in letter the West Secret Service director Ralph fashion
reflects profoundly bad judgment, but it's typical because we live in a
fascist country.
Don't wait.
Here you go.
Part for the course.
Jesus Christ.
Or at least like I said, you live in a fascist country.
Right.
You visit.
Oh President Bush, the comment about the you want to tack around noon will keep
our eye peeled for that.
We want to clear that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, what's he going to say?
He will do.
No, but there were five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
18 to see what he's going to say is see we told you we had to go in
to protect the install these terrorists in the out of here.
Of course, if we wouldn't have gone in there with this to happen in
the first place, no.
But all those people would have died.
No, been made.
No, wounded, etc.
Well, they still have running water.
Electricity food jobs.
All of these things.
Oh, I just mentioned that in passing.
In any country with an electric with any kind of a brain.
This man already would have been impeached make no mistake about it.
They have the hearings continue over there and Britain.
They got Tony Blair with his feet on the fire.
And America, they're worried about our old are let that's worried about.
And American Idol.
Perfect.
It is perfect for America.
Why are he going to host American Idol?
Five six seven oh five here.
He's been idol.
That's why he got to do something.
Too much idle time on your hands, man.
And that Maria Schriver, I'd like to make a chin for her.
You know, I'd like to smack her so hard where her chin is supposed to be that you grow one.
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
You got some red skeleton on there.
Well, we don't have to but we probably will.
All right.
Well, I had to say and I thought it was pretty good.
He was very good.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It was legendary.
What do you used to say at the end of the show?
He had something he used to say y'all hold it out to y'all gave you.
He said night night.
He had some.
I don't know what it was.
It was good.
But I mean, we can't put every pioneer.
See, this is the thing.
There were people who were like pioneers in their field.
There were radio pioneers.
There were movie pioneers.
There were people like from the early days.
And of course, there were people like Rudolph Valentino who had like, I guess, a really swishy voice or something.
Although didn't he did he die before they made talking movies or not?
I don't recall.
You think it was just a coincidence that all three of his wives were all asians?
Sure.
Paul and Niggory as he was one of them.
I don't know who the other.
There was one or two more.
He kept marrying dikes kind of like the same problem JLo has.
She five six seven oh five sixty.
I don't want to hear one more word about JLo or Ben Aflach or any.
I don't want to hear about them.
I don't want to know from them before the show George was telling me about the media now.
At least MTV has got his friends.
He about Jessica Simpson and Nick Lashay from 98 degree every.
And you know, I'm obsessed with Nick Lashay.
But even so, I mean, what is there to say at his group?
His group vanished from the face of the earth, even though they did a lot of pretty good music.
And the she's like he said got a big snows and a big rack.
He's got a big rack and he's got the big D.
Here's one that says, oh my God.
It's just that we'd like to nominate Oprah for your pool.
Oh, holy Toledo Oprah.
She touched me in my heart to in the color purple.
It says well, let's put her on there.
She's a billionaire.
What are you laughing about?
Nothing to fax.
She touched me in my heart to and says made it purple.
Well, I guess if you touch it enough, then you get purple.
We got Oprah on there.
What about Red Scout?
We put him on there.
After his death, the media proclaimed that the greatest entertainer of the 20th of the 20th century was Bob Hope.
Who do you think it was?
Elvis 35 Bob.
Hope 34.
There's Elvis and Bob.
Nick to Nick knows to know his vinyl.
Who's going to win that one?
Johnny Carson 27.
Frank Sinatra 19.
Steve Martin 17 Jackie Gleason 13.
Groucho 12.
Now that's surprising.
Don't you think?
Well, I mean, yeah, it's surprising.
Because of the age thing, I mean, you bet your life was, I mean, how many years ago was that?
Fuck third man.
More than that.
It's because of those glasses.
Everybody has those glasses.
I'm not trying to.
Everybody's got those Groucho glasses.
Good disguise, by the way.
Good idea, especially if you're like two steps to the left of a till of a hunt and you're in America right now.
Always put on the Groucho glasses before you go out.
Can't hurt.
But don has got seven.
What about Lucy?
Don't we have Lucy on here?
Hey, Brian Rhodes.
Brian Rhodes who sent us a 20 page facts on Willie Nelson's filmography.
Yeah, stick it up your ass.
The facts is Brian Rhodes.
191 votes on air and Lucy doesn't have any.
I thought when I lady called with Lucy, I thought we finally struck the mother load and I realize he had been on very long.
She don't have any.
And everybody this is not an age thing because everybody.
I mean it's on Nickelodeon.
It's on Nickelodeon.
It's on every.
It's not a Zillion different channels.
The reruns.
Oh, yeah.
I love Lucy.
That's what the screen always says.
Brian.
Look over here.
Sports radio five six.
He's you.
You.
A. M.
This is coach Don Schueller and I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you it's the 12 to one hour or whatever it is.
Ladies and gentlemen, the bottom floor is an echo.
Arnold, before we get started, what is that smell?
That's my new colon.
It smells like onion dip.
What is it?
That's onion dip.
Colon that explains it.
Yes, that's right.
Next question.
You know, those all the speculation that you were lower, please.
You know, there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run.
I know I fool the whole world.
What changed your mind?
What mind?
What changed your decision to run for governor?
Decisions are easy to make when you're informed.
What does that mean?
It's onion dip.
Colon.
No, I don't mean about the clone.
I mean, what does that statement mean?
Right.
Next question.
What is when I go to Sacramento, I will pump up Sacramento.
Well, how exactly are you going to do that?
I'm going to pump it up.
How?
By pumping.
But this is a government.
This isn't a gym.
Not pumping.
Speaking of pumping, there have been some allegations that you have.
Oh, it says the straight hair for where you tread small report to mad.
Well, there have been reports that you have straight in your.
You straight.
It's onion dip.
Colon.
Very nice.
Thank you.
I'm going to pump up Sacramento as the governor.
I will be the best governor of California since you were there.
Humphrey.
He was never the governor of California.
Exactly.
It's onion dip.
Colon.
It's a trouble one at five sixty W.
He's not going to win by the way.
Derek is not going to win.
I beg your pardon, Derek Coleman.
Gary Coleman is going to win.
And all of California will be suffering from strokes.
Not heat strokes, not your regular different strokes.
Here's the fact that says if you're going to put Lucy on, I Lucy ought to be doing great.
I mean, I realized we put her on late night of politics for that.
I don't think that it's a hot.
She'll catch on it.
She's only got one eye.
I mean, she's only got the three votes.
Come on, Lucy.
Then it says you have to include Gracie Allen.
I got to put a crazy.
I'm not there.
It says her sense of comedic timing may Lucy look like a beginner.
I mean, greatest entertainer means.
I could be on the show.
I mean, was Gracie.
I guess he was in the movies with now.
If George Burns, if we were going to put George Burns on air, I'd say that's a possibility.
All right.
He was on TV.
He was a pioneer.
He was in the movies.
He was in he played God.
Good.
What do you say, George Burns?
Absolutely.
There you go.
Let's get him on Eric.
George Burns and Gracie fries.
It's a speaking great old time.
What about Red Skeleton?
Well, somebody beat you to it, but thank you very much.
Gracie Allen was good.
I'm not telling him that she was great and very, very amusing.
But what about Ronnie Allen?
Remember him?
No.
He was adopted.
And do you think Jack Benny was well, I don't want to get in that Rochester does.
What about Mary Livingston?
Who?
Who is the announcer on that show?
The big fat guy.
Don Pardo.
Don Neola.
Deito Corleone.
I'll come to me.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
1997 with the Food for Oil program.
With oil for food program.
And that, you know, but recently I would say that it's really sad because you know,
in the past few days, it's really when the UN has really
sort of stepped up its efforts here.
And I mean, like, you know, hiring people for cleaning operations.
Yes, see, this is what really is sick about this among many other things.
But the UN is there like to give humanitarian aid and dispense the food and
help cleaning up the country and put the pieces back together in.
And so they go and blow up the UN building.
Yeah, well, that's what you say.
We know that they're really there as an arm of the American government.
I see.
Oh, and another bad piece of news for Toronto is if we haven't had bad enough
with SARS and West Nile and Mad Cow and Blackout, everything else.
Now we got some clown here suggesting that they move the headquarters of the UN
from New York to Toronto to which we say.
No thing.
No thing.
No, no, no, no, pass.
Have it.
Nice gesture, but no thing.
Take it.
Here's Val Harbor. Hello.
Yes, Uncle Nile.
I'm calling about the poll.
Yes, sir, the stories you mentioned, Nile, about the three year old.
That's a fine example, Nile.
Or what you will be never be able to move forward in this country.
Mm hmm.
People that are bothered by a three year old child, three year old girl with no
help.
It's a.
Nile, my poll will be a teach marine.
Yeah, and I don't feel where, but after they found Mr Bono in the tree accident,
he was found sunny side up.
Not bad.
Give it about two and a half on a scale of ten up.
That's cute.
Take it.
What do you say, teaching bond?
Teach marine five six seven oh five sixty and you know, speaking of that.
You know who we left off this poll so far?
Is that a need to come in?
No, she's a lot in American.
She's a Latino.
She don't qualify.
No, or else you ever become like an American?
I have no idea.
Well, I see there you go right right away.
Spouting off a bunch of crap.
We better check this out.
Bob Hope was born in London, right?
Almost his entire life in the USA teacher was an American.
Jesus was an American.
That's what the Mormons say.
Elvis 38.
Joe Smith, man.
You think that somebody like all those powers would come up with a more creative name than Joseph Smith?
I mean, Jesus El Cristo or whatever the hell his name was and then his brother there.
What was his name?
Jimmy Christ.
Elvis Presley 38 Bob Hope 37 Johnny Carson 29.
Frank Sinatra 22.
Groucho 18.
You bet your life.
George Fetteman.
Remember he was the announcer on that you bet your life.
No.
Do you remember when the duck would come down with a secret word?
The duck.
I don't know the announcer's name though.
Don Wilson, that was just came to me.
I'm going to tell you something for an old fart like me.
I'm a sharp as a goddamn marble.
I mean, it's just amazing.
Don Wilson, there is a one person out of a mini.
Even a little a vocal grinder didn't know from Don Wilson.
I'm sure he's driving into a tree right now.
I can't believe it.
My mind, the stuff that's caught inside.
If I could just get like a little brain vacuum cleaner to suck out all the garbage, the wasteful crap,
all of that stuff about Gordon Fraser, Junior and Mark McCory and Don Nakalmary when it doubt suck it out.
I keep saying that but they run away.
Groucho 18.
Steve Martin 17.
Jackie Gleason 14.
Madonna's got seven.
Sammy Davis, who knew has five?
Get the honey, who knew Lucille ball five.
Steve Allen for Milton Burle three Uncle, multi.
How can Milton Burle only have three?
Huh?
He was Mr. Television.
Not before any of these people were born.
Did he die?
Did he just die?
I think he died.
I'm not sure.
Uh oh.
No, he did die.
Somebody will check that for us.
Is Scott one of those things now?
Is he busy?
He don't know from computers.
What?
How hard is it to do a search on a computer for whatever now we're searching for?
For Milton Burle?
It is so hard.
Shares got three Charlie Chaplin three Al Jolson two Liberaci two.
What about George Liberaci?
Marlon Brando's got one and no votes yet for Harry Houdini,
Betty Davis, Oprah, George Burns.
No, no, no, no, I don't want Gracie Allen on it.
Steve, this is I run into this problem all the time.
For example, there was a poll I did last week about the worst TV regular TV series.
And I look on the floor.
I got an RC.
I remember Mama.
I never said I remember Mama was a bad show.
I was just talking about ancient shows.
That only I would remember.
Okay.
If we even whisper something all of a sudden it's like hops up on the pool because Eric is trying to be you.
You're trying a little bit too hard.
Okay.
Like the seed said you're pushing to our get Gracie Allen off of that poll.
Please.
Okay.
And I said dead at what?
Milton Burle dead at 93.
What year?
Wendy, a couple years ago.
Doesn't say.
What a crappy news article was the first one that came up and what a piece of crap.
It doesn't say when he died.
It's got to be with him like the last couple of years because I remember him commenting with all these other old fossils would die.
Remember they always would go to Uncle Milti and he have some crusty old thing to say.
You know, I mean, he looked he looked ancient but boy Bob hope looked like Mathusela on a bad day for a long time.
So I guess it's all for the best.
But thanks for the memories, Bob.
You sucked.
5 6 7 0 5 6 D here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I need a warrior.
Great.
I wanted to get making this.
How did these about the comments were earlier making if there was where is the main main press regarding the statement that Bush has made so far?
Every statement he has made so far as far as the WMD as far as the aluminum tubes.
They're more about chemical.
What kind of tubes?
You know, the aluminum tubes that they was being used for.
I did, you know, he just said aluminum.
It was very amusing the way he said the first.
Okay.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, hang on a second.
No, go away.
Hang on.
All nations of the world face a challenge in a choice.
By attempting to spread chaos and fear.
These killers will not determine the future of arresting our will.
Across the world they're finding that he must be a doggy downers to these talking so slow.
We don't have time.
Go ahead.
So I'm sorry.
Yeah, I apologize for interrupting with his propaganda.
Yeah, it is exactly what it is so far.
What has Bush has done is basically ruled by fear.
That's all he's done.
Right.
Obviously, the liberties give you your things.
I got my name.
I mean, give me a break.
I don't have more on the president, which I didn't like.
He just had a little in windows with a whatever and they're trying to impeach him.
I'm not going to windows.
You mean like Pecordillo?
He writes.
I mean, you talk about a person sworing to uphold the Constitution of the United States.
Yeah.
And he hasn't done so.
He has lied.
He has used information just to get to the point that he wants to and stick it down.
Everybody's broke.
This is a bunch of hooting.
Right.
And look at look at our own press.
Miami Harlow.
I mean, there is no news in the world right now that front page of today's paper is about the seamstress of the dolphin.
Oh my God.
Are you serious?
Look at Miami Harlow front page.
We have four sure.
You have soldiers died in Iraq.
We have some not in the Northeast started snifering people.
Right.
We have a blackout.
Don't just think we need to get chief moves back on the case there.
I know he's in Maryland, but let's get him over to West Virginia.
It's not that far away.
We have the moosey man out.
We have the tailors for the dolphin at the front page of Miami Harlow that she charges eight dollars a pan.
Now, was that Jason Taylor?
Have a great day.
And they go calm down.
Take to a call me in the morning.
He was good.
He was great.
How do you do?
I was great.
I'm here to go from the you went and might actually say something.
You know, the succession at the end of the four months, whether it has to be so.
There's nothing to say.
So trust me.
But you notice on this on the CBC that I put in Bouchon there to put in like somebody from the you went who actually has some to say.
Who actually can put a sentence together?
I think the president ought to put a sentence together like about 10 to 20 would be good.
Uncle Milte.
Yes, that March 28th of last year.
See, I told you it was just very recent.
It's hard keeping track when all these are fossils diets.
Very difficult.
All these so many of them and they come, they come in clusters.
Gregory Peck and Kate Hepburn and all these people like you know,
before you go to bed and then you wake up in the morning a whole bunch of nice people are dead.
Here's a fact that says I have a couple for you.
Charlie Chaplin did we already put him on or yes?
Yes, then he had.
Then he tarry and then he Hill.
This must be from her.
Griffin PS real layman real layman's for you.
Iraq is like a hornet's nest either remove it out right in its entirety or do what Bush and his cronies did.
Hit it with a stick.
What guess what we have now?
It says a bunch of pissed something.
What does that say?
Watch out for revenge.
It says OK, whatever you say.
I was.
Maybe a bunch of wasp whatever they look so wasp to me.
There's an article by the way in the Guardian today the British paper.
The headline says US troops crazy in killing your cameraman.
Yeah, journalist tour with a Reuters news camera man shot dead by US troops while filming outside a bag that prison yesterday.
Accused the soldiers of behaving in a crazy and negligent fashion.
They claim the Americans had spotted the Reuters crew outside the jail half an hour before Mason Dana was killed and must have released that he was not a gorilla carrying a rocket propelled grenade launcher.
The chief executive of Reuters Tom Glossier said the latest death is hard to bear.
That's why I'm calling on the highest levels of US government for a full and comprehensive investigation of this terrible tragedy.
Dana 43 is the second-word is camera and it'd be killed since you had let forces invaded Iraq.
His death brought to 17 the number of journalists or their assistance who died in a right since the war began March 20th.
The journalist was killed on Sunday when soldiers in two tanks open fire while he was filming near Abu Ghairrab prison which had early come under mortar attack.
The US Army which has launched investigation claimed that soldiers thought his camera was a weapon.
But colleagues who were with the word when in cameraman when he was killed told a different story.
And you can read all about it as they used to say remember that little read all about it.
They said that in Canada read all about it.
But at any rate, it's on our website headline US troops crazy and killing in cameraman.
From 13 at 560 W.Q.M. if you need to set your home fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free.
Fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition any location for any reason.
You need to set your house fast as your house need a new roof flooring or any other repairs.
Don't throw money when costly repair is stopped and call rod today toll free at 1 866 785 fast for no obligation to hassle free offer.
At fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems.
You have a vacant house maybe you're tired of dealing with a problem tenant.
Maybe you're going through a nasty smelly rotten divorce call fast cash home buyers.
Are you one two or three payments behind and heard it a property that you don't want fast cash home buyers can help.
So call rod today at 1 866 785 fast FAST FAST and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind.
Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today and you won't have to pay any real estate commissions either.
So call rod at 1 866 785 fast FAST FAST for a hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers solve your house problem.
My and Lord this is 420560 W.Q.M.
It's day.
My and the town at 566 O WQ.M.
Are you confused lonely drifting through life without direction that I want to talk to you about an exciting career as an Episcopal Bishop.
You see the flashy hat and robe are just the beginning.
There's the glitz glamour plenty of TV coverage and a personally autographed 8 by 10 of RV firestein with every archdiocese.
Commandments, manments.
We think of the more as suggestions. I mean 10 Commandments are 5.
But if you can bat 300 it's fine with us.
Catchings an option too.
Or if you're into the sweet science of boxing you can always beat the bishop.
Now if you're thinking hey I'm not a Piscopal how can I be a bishop?
Don't worry we have two bishops are their Muslim 5 a.f.s. and a Buddhist Bishop the lecture rubbers belly for good luck before you play bingo down in St. Latoya's join us.
The few the proud the color coordinated Episcopal bishops.
There's a good poll question for one of these days like maybe tomorrow.
Stop.
Canis Mos macho.
The Episcopal Bishop from New Hampshire and Bishop.
I'm thinking about these polls because I mentioned you before the show.
I mean it's a real challenge to come up with a I mean we repeat some what's an agree what you know right.
Generally speaking day after day after day something new and different and innovative.
I'm thinking right in line with us think about the greatest entertainer.
How about some offshoots of it like who is the greatest fat American entertainer of all time.
Who is the greatest short American entertainer of all time.
We got to set up parameters like weight and height.
Right like if you're below the greatest really super ugly American entertainer of all time.
Well you gave me an idea this morning.
Absolutely.
Yeah when you're be raiding me about the awful sequel poll and the wording of it.
Well the concept was good but the poll was word and poor.
Now I got one that we haven't done that I'm going to work on tomorrow.
What is that and and building which movies do you build it?
You are such a hypocrite man.
It's scary.
It's right.
It's right.
Which movie do you wish they made a sequel to?
Oh I like that.
That's a good poll because some are like Magnoia.
There you go exactly.
You were bitching about the fact that it is in your.
The first one online at the movies if they do.
And another one's there are kind of open ended like it could have.
There could be something else after it or you just wish there was more of it like another
adventure of this one or that one.
Right.
I'm going to help like a commando Cody.
Boy it's too bad you don't have that movie.
Oh I know.
I'm bitter.
See I never because it's so is about a hundred years ago I never realized that
Jean off for you show because I always thought a Jean off for you just as a cowboy.
Right.
But you show is more like a science fiction show.
Okay.
Are you aware of that?
Well no.
I mean I'm talking about his not his radio show but his serial the serial that he was in the movies.
Right.
Never saw him.
The chapter plays is what's your name would say.
Kathy Bates.
At any rate.
Hey how about the right right here is what do you say for our list?
No.
There are the greatest cowboy here all of all time as we continue.
We should be writing these down at the Arnold.
Any Arnold was a singer.
Any Arnold was a singing cowboy.
Oh he had a folk song.
He was a straight shooter.
Oh speaking of straight shooters Tom what not Tom Byron.
What else is in Peter North just turned 90.
And he's still shooting at Scorch Scorch straight as an arrow not done have the distance he used to have.
Huh?
I guess that happens to the best of us.
Seriously Peter North is still making porn movies and he's got to be he's got to be in his mid 50 well early to mid 50s.
Okay.
Whatever.
Yeah more power to him.
More power to them.
Here's a call from Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I'm.
I'd say Clint Eastwood.
Clint Eastwood's a good choice.
I like that he's made about 30,000 movies and Red Skeleton you said the end of the show.
Make God bless.
Work out bless.
Very good.
Thanks a lot, Pellie.
What?
Clint Eastwood's a good choice right?
Right.
Made just just this multimeter much a movie.
Third man.
He was on old TV.
He was wasn't he on raw hide?
Clint Eastwood has a raw hide.
Have you seen his face lately?
Oh yeah, it's pretty raw and his voice too.
Now, I see parallels between him and for real, you know.
Because you wonder now we know in for else case that he talks the same way off the air that he does.
On here.
That's his voice.
But with Clint Eastwood, it sounds like he's like one of those guys like Jack Klugman.
Of course, Jack Klugman is going to excuse he had the throat cancer, whatever had like his whole voice box.
But what would like to Eastwood?
Does he really speak that way?
Yes, I saw him on a press conference once during the whole big divorce thing that was going on.
Yeah, I'm going to get to him.
I was Steve Tyler.
Does he really walk that way?
5 6 7 0 5 6.
I love Aerosmith.
Man, I don't care what anybody says.
I love Aerosmith.
The pieces they're great when we did that pull on the greatest.
In fact, the greatest American entertainer of what's 20th century Steve Tyler.
All right, let me ask you this seriously because I know this isn't popular.
But let me just ask you put you on a spot.
Who do you think was a greater entertainer Elvis Presley or Steve Tyler?
No contest Steve Tyler.
Okay, I'm putting Steve Tyler on her.
Even if he wasn't in any cheeseball movies.
He said he sang that they sang the theme for several movies, right?
Couple.
Right?
Right.
Aerosmith, baby, we get Steve Tyler on the right away, Eric or else.
I see Lucy's moving up there like and look who else is moving up their
ground show, right?
I knew he was Steve.
See, this is a.
It's a chronologically challenged pull that we're doing today.
Because if you're you've got to be over the age of 90 to know who most of these
people were.
I mean, to really have an intimate knowledge of what they you know, it's one thing.
I heard about Lucy.
I heard about but that doesn't mean anything.
But when you grow up watching like Johnny Carson on the night show, which I have no
use for him at all, but I mean, most people do or whoever.
Then then you like, you know, it's another one that we won't put on there because
he won't get any votes was Jack par.
Okay.
Pioneer.
He was he was he really.
So I'm trying to think of the chronology.
Mori Amsti name was first in Steve Allen and Jack parmed of the night show.
But he kind of like perfected the whole deal with the with the guests in the
the sofa and the whole thing.
The way on the the genre exactly.
Jack par.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and T line.
We got a horse race here Elvis 47 Bob hope 45.
The greatest American entertainer the 20th century.
That's American no more suggestions for Benny Hill, please.
Or Benny Hanna.
Johnny Carson 36.
He's still in a running.
Ground show is moving up there 27 not bad for an old guy.
Frank Sinatra 26 Steve Martin 19 your favorite dead celebrity.
There's another good pull for us.
He will never remember these but don't you think that's a good one?
Sure.
What?
Steve Martin 19 Gleason 17 Lucy 11 Lucy Lucy.
There is nothing else that I can remember him ever saying other than Bob.
I'm a little I remember that but he was singing that.
Oh come on. He's got so many cliches such as to custom explaining to do.
Oh yeah, it's you got some spleen.
Is that a great idea?
I'm not going to be no.
And then there was that one.
I'm not going to tell you one thing.
He was no Cecil Cruz no matter how much to beg me.
I'm not going to put you in the show and the show.
I yeah.
There's another one.
I was all I was all a big put on right.
It was all I had he was I'm not saying he was like very articulate.
I have no idea what he really sounded like a speaking English.
But he was a great businessman.
He was the brains behind that whole deal right and then the whole layout of the set so that it could be a behind that.
It is easy.
The blue.
We were the blue which I'm sure was akin to.
Right.
Is that a need that you are coming.
I'm serious man.
It's it's it's it's it's it's it's she's got me one over.
I'm I'm I'm sorry.
I sing that in the shower.
I hear that my head and sound asleep.
I hear I wake up in the morning.
I'm hearing is that a need that you are coming.
Oh have you even played it out yet?
Play it.
You mean to myself that song.
It's an angry.
That's it.
It's an angry.
That's what the.
And when the people of the world are coming.
I'm not allowed to play.
I'm not allowed.
Oh boy.
It goes just loses.
If you just create it.
If it's shriller and shriller.
I hear a lot of it would you know in other words like the first part.
It's an angry.
That's it.
That's all you need.
So I think I'm doing the right thing with that.
That's all you need.
Anymore is over killed.
According to expression.
26 past noon we're having a wonderful time here in the middle of the dog days.
It's one of those things we realize there's nobody out there and you know we're doing the best we can under very difficult
circumstances, which is why we're making up all these Cornball polls.
Who was the worst short fat the Fanny you know.
That was a good record short fat Fanny by Larry Williams on at God was an echo.
That I think so.
I'm a good part short fat Fanny.
No not short big Fanny.
Can you imagine the size of his I don't want to I don't want to think about it.
Brand the middle.
Don't show their girlfriend.
No all of the what's his name clearance wants to go there.
What's the return to the scene of the.
Slime 27 afternoon at 560 QM Joe Rose for the mad dog at two.
We got Joseph Gackie at shoelows at four, which is you know.
Can you imagine going and watching Joey?
No old penis face.
Hey you know when the time comes to have your carpets clean the name you ought to be thinking about of course is dry concepts.
I wouldn't dream a call anybody else for over.
In fact, just a few weeks ago they clean my carpets in the house and the report I'm getting back is that they look just like brand new and they always do.
They do a stupid job, which is why drunk concepts still around after all these years.
The number one carpet cleaning in the world because of the only ones who actually dry clean your carpets with suck out the deep
down dirt and the fibers and make them look just like brand new they dry a couple of hours they smell
a little bit fresh and it's a much higher on your floor and right now dry concepts offer you an opportunity to say 15% on
the next carpet cleaning.
Just call dry concepts toll free 1 800 248 5071 and has to be put on their stand by list.
Then dry concepts will call you next time they've got an opening in their schedule just like serencers.
You'll call next time she hasn't big opening.
It's just like when you fly standby if you're available when they have an opening milk 15% off the price.
So call dry concepts 2 day and has to be put on their stand by list.
They might even have an opening for you the day that's your call and you'll get 15% still off the price of the job.
So call them toll free today for an unbeatable job and don't forget to give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing the work.
So you don't have to worry about rip offs or scams or any of that crap.
Call dry concepts in 1 800 248 5071 be sure and some of the old deal for you to call 248 5071 or check them out on the web.
So it on the TV the plan in more attacks those laundry heads must all be smoking crack.
I got a funny feeling they won't be doing jack.
If we take out all those may act so I'm singing out loud.
Out loud.
I'm so damn tired about.
Out loud.
Blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now call them anyway.
Out loud.
Out loud.
Wearing a game fire.
And out loud.
Blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
Now blow my phone.
He made it twsty.
There was a comedian Rubies and PV
he did his camera.
Danny Kay.
Danny Kay was.
He did a lot of things.
Now there was a lot of things.
Lawrence Olivia and Danny K.
Hey, don't start with all the innuendos, okay?
What?
What do I know about that?
You don't know anything about either one of them because you're going to say they're gay.
That's the rumor.
What was the name of that?
There were a couple of those books.
Hollywood Babylon is one, right?
Right.
And Hollywood Confidential if I'm not mistaken.
There were a lot of let's call them Bisexual Efforts and Actresses.
That's wrong with that.
Yeah.
No, seriously, like who else was alleged?
We can only talk about dead people, of course.
Errol Flynn.
Sure.
Kerry Grant.
Okay.
K. Ballard.
No.
K. Stevens.
K. Pasa USA.
Is that a date that I can't be not?
Oh, she just, she just, I'm telling you.
She makes life worth living that's say their crews.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
We got a real horse race going here.
Plenty of Stuart.
Is Flint on there?
Did we actually get these animals on there?
He probably won't give any votes.
He's not on there yet.
I don't see how Steve Tyler's on there.
He also doesn't have any votes along with Betty Davis and George Burns.
Steve Tyler better get a voter to out there there right now.
I mean, he could put Elvis under the table vote for him when you get home.
Here's a call from Miami Beach.
Hello.
From where?
It says Miami Beach.
No, I'm from North Miami.
Here's North Miami, like I said.
Okay, Neil, I have a close enough.
I have three fast things.
In the movie Godfather, what was the Godfather's birthday?
What was his birthday?
His birthday.
I have no idea.
Tom said it after Michael joined the Marines, December 7th.
I'll be damned.
Now, number two.
Well, let me tell you something, my friend.
Yes.
Charles Bronson is near death.
They said he only has a few days to live.
He's 81 years old.
Charles Bronson is going to be the next one to go.
It was on CNN.
I seen the stream ago by.
I'll be damned.
And guess who else is already a local press?
He sleeps with the fish and it's on there.
That's one of the three.
Like a one time, Al Jolson was the world's greatest entertainer.
Right.
So maybe you could just add him there for a moment.
He's on the list.
Oh, he is on the list?
Honestly, he's got any votes.
I don't think he's got any votes.
Let's see.
He's got two.
But it's only old parts like us who were Al Jolson.
Well, it's just such a mom.
I've one time, like in the in the 40s.
He was the greatest things in sliced bread.
Oh, I don't have to check with her.
I know that.
He was a gigantic.
Right.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Tom.
All right.
Now, see you.
Al Jolson, again, it's a, this is a byproduct of the age of the people who are voting.
If we were like in Jury after Kevin, oh, speaking of comedians, they're the enemies of
every nation that seeks to help the Iraqi people.
Right.
297 votes on a poll as we continue building and building and building and building.
Who is the best, who was the greatest American entertainer with a mustache?
I'll tell you what might have been.
It's an elite that came in and out.
Didn't she have like a mustache?
Yeah, but she still wasn't American.
She was one of those mustache pizza.
So anyway, I was about to give you the total from yesterday.
You know, I guess what I just wrote down here, total.
The psychic connection again, best of Neal.
I would because I haven't mentioned it yet today.
Right.
And 3620.
That's pretty lame.
Yeah.
Pretty weak.
Does somebody says Gene Kelly?
What do you say?
No.
No.
We're going to put Gene Kelly in.
We're going to put Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and Neal Rogers.
Yeah, I'm coming.
What about Bing?
Bing Crosby?
I think he deserves to be on here.
Yeah.
According artists, did all those movies...
I mean, if Bob Hope and they made all those corny movies together,
but if Bob Hope deserves to be on here, well, that's Bing Crosby.
He certainly did one thing that nothing he did well.
He sang.
Right.
He was in a lot of movies like Tooblo with Grace Kelly, remember the answer?
That was that the name of the movie was that high hopes.
So high hopes was...
Huh?
I don't know.
Why not?
Old movie.
Grace Kelly?
Yeah.
You should know Grace Kelly inside the note.
I would like to have.
I'll bet you would.
Hey, oh, Grace, don't get behind a wheel, whatever you do.
And then...
Ah!
I saw the bio of her on a biography channel a few weeks ago,
and they said that she had like a...
Glass eye.
No, no, no, no.
Not a diabetic, like some kind of a blackout.
When she was driving there with the reason for the wreck,
she had like a momentary blackout.
Maybe from like one.
That could have been it.
Maybe she had like a brain, what was it?
A anomaly.
She had the...
Maybe she filled her crankcase with an amyly,
and instead of putting it into crankcase,
she might have like spilled some out of windshield.
You think that could be it?
See, the audience has no idea what we're talking about,
and that's probably just as well.
Well, let's let's let sleeping dogs lie.
Because when I heard you yesterday say that Carlos
was training Scott's junior there,
I just...
I just about jumped off my balcony.
I just about started praying for another blackout.
Let me tell you folks,
if you've never lived through a power blackout,
don't.
That's my best advice for you.
You don't want to do it.
13 hours from 415 on Thursday till 519 on Friday morning.
All these hurricane Andrew people are listening to you
right now going, yeah, yeah, blackout, please.
Oh, and I understand.
I have full sympathy for anybody that's ever had a survive through that.
How about blackout and your roof is gone?
Right.
And it's pouring down rain and you're like, you know,
a string of water.
And the looters are coming at you.
Well, I'm not saying this is the worst thing,
but it ain't fun.
And when you realize how vulnerable we are and how simple it was for them
if they really did pull this off or if it was just because of total incompetence,
which is just as possible.
I mean, what the hell does that tell you?
But let's continue spending a whole mind security.
Here's 28 billion, you know.
But for any other kind of crap, for Star Wars, for tax cuts,
for the rich, trillion dollars,
no, we have endless amounts of money for crap.
But when it comes to really taking care of the American public,
screw it, okay?
And the public sits back going, move it, move it, move it like that.
You know, I love eating nuts.
Exactly.
Well, not that you mentioned it.
1242-560 WQM announcing a 2003 Neil Deal blowout sale
and it's going on right now as you hear the sound of my voice at Halopontiag GMC.
Get the lowest prices in the universe from Tom Levin and Joe Prierd are good,
close personal pizons.
Neil Deal No.1, get 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neil Deal No.2, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock.
Are you current and former military personnel that continue to make this offered to you?
You can get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halopontiag right now.
And if you buy a 2003 Pontiac Sunfire, you can get it for only $11,998
or get you a full-size Sierra for only $15,998.
Hurry in right now though because inventories are limited.
At Halopontiag you can still test drive any vehicle on luck for 24 hours.
Take it home, take it to work, take it to the station.
Tomorrow you can make sure not to miss that big meeting about sexual harassment.
And of course, Halop has always got a great selection of certified premium cars, trucks and SUVs.
And if you're worried about having a little bit of a marginal credit problem,
maybe have a few bad marks on your credit record, it's no problem at Halopontiag.
Because they want to make you a deal.
Halopontiag GMC, they're in the same great spot they've been doing spectacular on beatable deals.
For over 35 years they're one of the real pioneers of South Florida.
They're in 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's US-1 across from the falls open every day,
seven days a week.
You're more informed on these deal deals called the Hotline Tool Free,
1-885-3440-11.
That's 1-885-3440-2100.
No forget, all deal deals are in the credit approval.
See our friends at HaloportiTails.
That's Halopontiag GMC who'll be professional grade.
I am local, 6560.
The radio's all yours now.
Q-A-N.
Neil Rogers.
Hi.
Hey, yard work.
First they have to hold the garden, then I have to mow the lawn.
I wish there was an easy way to do both.
Well now there is.
Introducing the Homo, the all new gardening machine that both hos and mows.
Here's what people are saying about the Homo.
I used to spend hours outside in a hot sun with sweat glistening on my muscular chest and legs.
But then I realized I need a Homo.
My husband has never spent any time inside with me.
That's when I knew he was Homo material.
The Homo can pound a trench through the mud, then trim your lawn and suck the clippings like you wouldn't believe.
I told my husband our neighbor was getting busy with a big old tool.
So I looked out the window and said it's gotta be a Homo.
We never thought we'd see a Homo around here.
The Homo works great all over your property in the front yard or in the rear.
And it looks great.
Why that's one good look in Homo.
There's never been a better time to join the happy Homo crowd.
And with special factory incentives, your Homo dealer will bend over forward to satisfy you.
Wow!
I'm just curious enough to buy the Homo.
No family is complete without one.
Call 47 or two.
Call 47 at 560 WDQM.
I don't forget to go to NearRangers.com and get your best meal, Cinees 2002 2003 and your Mohawar Davided.
Absolutely.
Keychains.
There you go.
With some of the best of Moe, which ain't easy to find.
566705, Steve.
Now let me just ask you one other thing too because we're almost at one o'clock.
Yeah, I've got that big one to two hour.
How is that working out?
I haven't gotten them yet.
I haven't gotten one.
The keychains.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about the big one to two hour about the fact that we're capping out and we're like, you know, taking an easy way out.
Can we admit it?
Yeah, probably.
The audience away had any complaints about that.
Our people say it's too much of that.
We don't mind the Wednesdays, but doing it every day during the summer time.
And of course, this is the last week for that, right?
Oh, oh.
Yeah.
You're like slipping a chunk out of my chest, my heart.
Well, what do you care?
You're not going to be doing the show next week.
So what the hell do you care?
Because it's nice.
It's pleasant.
No, only Wednesdays starting next week.
I mean, you know, this monkey business is fine, faking it way through the summer.
But starting next week, we have to get back to doing like a real show.
I mean, I have no shame.
I mean, I work on the stations, obviously I have no shame.
But I mean, the fact of the matter is that it's just an easier way.
You don't have to like beg for calls.
You don't have to go, we realize we're dealing with like a small deck deck.
Whatever else goes with it.
And then just the way it is.
So it's worked out fine.
But I just want to be if anybody's vision in mind.
Nope.
Well, that's good.
Anyway, after his death, immediate proclaim Bob Hope, the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century.
Who do you think it was, old timers and young timers?
Bob Hope 53.
And you notice nobody's calling him.
What about Jerry Seinfeld or what about anybody else who was on like in the last few years?
What about Rose Ann Bar?
Who just had one show cancel and the other ones on the Verge's ABC show?
Yeah.
Good news.
Elvis Presley 52, the King just can't catch Bob Hope who continues leading by a nose.
Johnny Carson 37, Frank Sinatra 33.
Groucho Marks 32.
Jackie Gleason 23, Steve Martin 20.
And I thought he'd do very well.
Yes, you did.
Lucy Lucy, Lucy, the ball 14.
Late edition, but she's climbing up the chart.
And then after that, it's single digits.
The Steve counter, he's got a pair.
Steve Collars got a pair.
And big lips to go with him.
Well, that was the sound of what's his name?
The beast passing gas.
That's deeper than that.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
I can't even bother you.
What was it?
What do you say?
I don't know.
We can't even understand.
He's got the socks so tight over his phone now or over whatever he's talking and do.
You can't even understand it.
The mumbler.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
George, you talk about somebody in the class.
I have a, we not talked about Sammy Davis, tuning.
Yes, we have.
He's on the list.
He's got, he's got six votes.
He's got six votes.
No, he's got six votes.
He was a late edition, but he's doing well.
He's a climbing up the chart.
Climb up.
Climb up.
He's already climbing.
Yep.
Hey, Neil.
On the new CD that you got coming out.
Do you have that?
Are you eating the growth thing on there?
No, that's on.
That's on one of the, first of all, did we put it out of our, because it's not ours and we didn't.
No, it's a Phil Henry thing.
So we're putting it out.
I said it.
It's probably one of the funny ones they said.
Yeah, he's, he's got it on his stuff.
So maybe he could go to his website.
I think about a hundred bucks, you can actually log out of his website.
Oh, right.
And then five hundred, another hundred you can get the CD.
Okay, thank you.
And then for 500, are you sure he might mention your name on here?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That was a good idea to guy ahead before though, about making a list of the bits that are on here and putting it on a wax table.
You know, make a list and checking it twice within two minutes of that call I faxed it to Eric.
Right, the list.
Oh, I tell you we're going to sit within two minutes of that.
He had it on it.
Hey, listen, he's been great.
He, I mean, for all the crap that we give him and he deserves all of it.
But he has really filled the breach since we've been, of course.
And for me, it's easy because now I just email him the story easy to relate it night early in the morning.
And then like when we had the, the thing at the UN building in what you call it in a bag that today.
Yeah, just, you know, I just email a to him and but I'm being it's right on there.
And he actually is there and he, I don't have to like keep emailing it or faxing over and over again.
He doesn't have any stories about how he, you know, the dog just crept on the floor and had wild diarrhea.
And he was out, giving his brain be adjusted and he took him with like willing stuff like that.
You sure know how to fight him, George?
Oh, yeah.
Here's the call from Oakland Park. Hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Long time listener.
Excellent.
All right.
I'm waiting about an anus and Andy.
That was it. That was a person.
That was one person only.
Yeah, amiss.
How about famous amiss are like his cookies?
Yeah.
Okay. Thanks.
I'll have a great day.
Famous amiss.
Huh?
Well, so the guys it's his first call and he's a new, don't be knocking a guy.
Always knocking everybody.
That's what I hate you like boys and men.
Be nice like me, you know.
Be a nice prick like me.
Yeah, just remember when I asked after you hang up on him.
Now we can.
Okay, so that'd be an asshole.
Exactly.
Why not?
When you make this kind of money for being an asshole, what's wrong with that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got only a few minutes and it's our gigantic comedy bit one to two hours.
Like I said, this week, this is the end of all this summer.
Now let me think.
Well, we don't have next week's schedule yet, right?
Well, that's because parents is busy holding this meat with scurran and trying to chase down the beast.
Well, if the beast really loses a lot of weight and gets felt, he'll never catch his ass again.
If he gets felt, he'd like to get felt by anything.
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, and two things.
Well, I don't know if you got me a diamond on here, but I throw him on there.
I put him on there, even though I can't stand him.
He makes me sick, but he certainly deserves to be on his list because he's a longevity.
He's been Vegas for about a hundred years and he's all over plays.
You're right.
Yeah, but I got a comment for you though on that.
And that reporter that was killed over Iraq or wherever it was.
Yes.
You know, all these guys are over there.
They all want to be Roblo Revere's to make a name from South Asian, even be there.
You know, we should have no news coming out of Iraq.
No, we should have news coming out of here, but we just got too many of them over here.
They're going for the sensationalism of all of them.
He's a photographer.
Okay.
How many people do you need over here?
He had a camera.
I don't know how many people can kill with a camera.
Well, if you've got one of those scopes on it, you know, it's...
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks for your...
Thanks for your...
And give me a present, a nice kiss for us.
Okay.
Kissed the ball.
Kissed the vice president on the ball.
But I'm not going to argue with him because he's one of these people who rationalize anything to make a certain political point.
So what's the point?
You know, he's entitled to be a butch man.
Some people are kind of keen.
Some people are like butch.
And some people are too butch.
Like...
Is that aegriita?
Gave a kameena?
I don't know.
Like I said, people are too butch.
Now let's start playing that crap again.
Till tomorrow.
Oh, and you know what I never...
I'm so glad you played that.
You want to know why?
Because you reminded me.
I didn't play this yet today.
Can you something?
It's a more fault but a man at the ball.
Nope.
Tighten me.
Sorry.
I don't understand.
Cutie said he can't hang.
Oh, it's dirtist.
I speak to you.
Oh, good.
He said that he's in great pain.
And he wants to know if you can help me.
All right.
Would you tell him to just relax and I'll be back as soon as I can with some medicine?
Just hang these blood.
It's too good to catch up on a wee bad out of mid-side.
What it is, big momma momma momma.
And there is no dumbness out there, right?
Cut this up, sir.
It's too tight.
It's too tight.
It's too tight.
It's too tight.
Chomping.
Want to help?
Chomping.
Oh, no.
No, no.
They can't hang.
They're seven of them.
There's no brain and hand.
What was that on the eTapedUp with channel?
You asked me that before the throw and I said, it was one of my eight million channels.
I get that you don't get and I'm saying it again.
I don't know.
What's Mises and Meg?
I mean, that's a lot of movie that they don't play off an airplane.
No, but it sounded censored.
I think to remember more words in that that I heard this time.
Really?
Yeah.
I don't say on the air.
Oh, well, good.
Now I have to go check the original tape to make sure.
I'll be done.
Yeah.
How about Barbara Billingsley?
How about Tony Dow?
How about Jerry Mathers?
Huh?
He doesn't matter.
Everybody around the country is always talking about the beaver.
I have.
Barbara Billingsley.
She was great.
In fact, everybody that was in a movie, it's another one.
Just like Magnolia.
Every person in that movie from what's his name,
which I always call him James Arns, Peter Graves.
Right.
And Karim was a...
You remember?
Do you remember the part where they pulled Karim out of the seat
and he had his basketball shorts?
There were so many little things they had to look for,
and there was a phenomenal.
And then of course, what's his name?
My good Canadian friend, Leslie Neilson.
How about Leslie Neilson?
Right.
He's North American?
No, he's not American.
He's Canadian, eh?
Oh, that's right.
You see, we have to leave all these Canadian people out there.
Important people like Anne Murray,
Monty Hall, Alex Quebec.
Michael Moore?
He's not Canadian?
No.
Who might even know?
I don't know.
I mean, Michael, what's his name?
Mike Myers.
Right.
John Candy.
Right.
Eugene Lovie.
Okay, that'll be your pull to our dead Canadians,
who was the greatest.
1257 at 560 W.D. QMD.
Have kids going back to college?
The next couple of weeks will, if you do,
why not give them one of the comforts of home?
A new bed from Dallas, Mattress, by calling that easy toll-free number,
1-800-Matress.
You can order a new mattress from Dallas,
for your college student, and send them up right in their off-campus apartment
so they can get a good night's sleep every night,
and screw their brains out on a really comfortable mattress.
When you call 1-800-Matress, you can choose from dozens of models,
from C. Lee's, Sirta, Tempor, P. D. Simmons, or King Coil,
at a low student prices.
And it doesn't matter where that college student years as headed
if they're staying in South Florida or headed the Philly,
Boston, New York, or Washington, or maybe the East Lansing Michigan,
or Ann Arbor, the bedding experts at Dallas,
Mattress can make them feel like they're right at home.
Get that bed now by calling 1-800-Matress.
You get service like you dream about from the delivery team,
rank number one, customer satisfaction,
and the whole wide world.
They carry only first-quality name-brand mattresses at discount prices.
They have no house brands, no air regulars, no seconds.
They don't set any crap.
When you call Dallas, Mattress, and 1-800-Matress,
don't forget, you get to pick the day in time
or deliver when it's convenient for you or your kids
within a two-hour window any day, seven days a week from 8 to 10 p.m.
and from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
they'll be sleeping well on the very first night.
With low prices, same day delivery, free setup,
and removal is easy to see,
while Dallas mattress continues to be ranked number one
in customer satisfaction, and also don't forget that everybody gets
a student discount at Dallas mattress.
So pick up your instrument right now and call 1-800-Matress
that's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S-R, check them out online at mattress.com.
Dallas mattress, the easiest possible way for a great night's sleep.
We are support radio 5-6-1-Q-A-M.
Oh my favorite Republicans, this is Matt Drudge.
At its time, for the first time in the school's math party,
it's time once again for the Neil Rogers 1-2-HOWER.
Good back, cold and towel, you're growing in the talent.
You built in your sun-sirly ends with your tongue,
up the dush, that was stuck between a dick and a bush.
Give your self-career a push,
Aeslie then crank behind you,
the bushes and the solid bodies are no better
than a puddle on the floor,
in the back of an adult book school.
Squirt, twirt.
And you finally realize with all the bullshit lies
you're no underlies of grotesque and top-of-lay,
they should have immense mutualized.
The greatest president, the media, says of all mankind
that is to say at least until these creeps are all impeached.
You've got a just in time.
Ladies and gentlemen, the brothers who sing now.
1-2-3-4-5, well, once and for all we know they're not alive
cause we found their hiding, finding back then.
And now that they're dead, I don't feel it in a bit sand.
They did things that were so damn sick,
votes it out of the sun, were roasted on a stick,
they were vapors, murderers, hoodlums and crooks.
And now they're just a memory and I rack in his pre-books.
In the end they were not like jerks.
I wonder if they finally lost those evil cocky smarts,
watching TV with all hell-brewed dudes,
stand upon hit their cup boots.
Big ol' ugly used days finally died,
within a brother who's saved by his side.
I wonder if the daddy even tried to save his ones
who was he terrified.
We finally closed the book and left you some.
They were full of hate to sold room songs.
Now they're on the hellbound seven train.
Say goodbye to the brothers who saved.
I know you're gonna think I'm crazy, but I'm telling you I hear something outside.
That's just a TV, don't be so paranoid.
I don't think it's a TV.
It's a TV.
Something's wrong out there, we're some dogs.
We're straight to the guidance.
Send for love.
Okay, for love.
Go check it out, check on pride.
What the hell is that?
What is all those people?
Oh, oh, oh, no!
Now big ol' ugly used days finally died,
within a brother who's saved by his side.
I wonder if the daddy even tried to save his ones
who were he terrified.
We finally closed the book and left you some.
They were full of hate to sold room songs.
Now they're on the hellbound seven train.
Say goodbye to the brothers who saved.
There's nobody's waiting here for the gate.
Oh, isn't this the first?
No, I don't think it is not me here.
Yeah, you know why it's hot, huh?
Me?
Yeah, it's like a thousand degrees and something like that.
Yeah, look at all this.
My best mag dad was hot, but this is look where we are.
That's the second, man.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They were one of the most creative bands of the 80s.
But all that goes out the window when you get a song in a John Hughes movie.
They were orchestral maneuvers in the dark.
Oh, wow!
Oh, it's gonna seem a bit...
Oh, wow!
Did you like it's in me bothering, Walt?
I think so once maybe.
Oh my god!
She was so totally my idol!
There's just like not one girl that I knew who did not want to be Molly Ringwald.
The marketing people inside the behind decided to let an ordinary woman who came of age in the 80s.
Conduct an interview with Andy McCluskey of OMD.
What you see, we were really influenced by some of the experimental keyboard bands like Kraftwerk...
Did you not want to sleep with Andrew McCarthy?
Well, I mean if you were a girl, maybe if you were gay, were you gay?
Look, could we talk about the importance of OMD to that whole period?
Could we?
You were so lucky to get a song in pretty in pink.
I bet you thought, wow, I get to meet John Kreyer.
You know, he's overlooked you, but he was like hot too.
John Kreyer was just like as much as the 80s as like Andrew McCarthy was.
It's true.
What about the music?
Oh, I know.
Every time I hear the beginning of that song, I am like so back there.
Think about the movie.
Who did that song anyway?
What, you little...
How?
You mean nothing?
You mean free?
Or Kestel Manuvers in the dark.
It's the oldest equation in the music business.
Get a song in a movie.
Kiss your career, goodbye.
It's a big, juicy, soft and lit look at show business tonight, uninside the behind.
New on Bravo.
Five straight men worked to transform a stylish and cultured gay man from fab to drab.
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
Hi, I'm Neil, and you must be the straight guy.
And the first thing we gotta do is brighten up this dope.
Kestel?
Neon beer signs.
Ew.
Well, I guess you fell as of the expert.
Our straight eye for the queer guy team does more than redecorate.
They give this gay man a fashion makeover from the bottom of.
Let's stop by getting you out of those clothes.
Easy, and into the sweatpants and this t-shirt.
Hmm.
Who fell earned heart?
Is he the designer?
Then our straight eye for the queer guy experts turned their attention to cuisine.
Oh, yeah.
We like to call it food.
Sorry.
He's taken by to the Shardinay and fondue here.
Drink this beer and eat this for long hot dog.
Rrrr.
Rrrr.
On second thought, somebody get him a cheeseburger.
Straight eye for the queer guy.
Only on Bravo, because there ought to be at least one straight show on his fruit-thru network.
I'll never get these s**t beans out of my husband's shorts.
You will now.
Introducing new no s**t laundry detergent with scum guard.
Let's face it, human bodily fluids of a toughest stings to remove from valuable undergarments.
Whether it's snot, the s**t of secretions, blood, even s**t.
New no s**t attacks these tough stings with patented scum guard for a deep down clean.
Try new no s**t today and if you're not completely satisfied, we'll double your money back.
No s**t, no s**t, no s**t, with scum guard.
Something something something something to be blown out at, blown world.
What is three papers?
What is the course of bonds in it, blown world?
What is the four-footed water bonds?
What is the end of bonds?
What is the end of bonds?
It's blown world.
And what is the end of it?
Something something 50% of all papers.
City's egg chop.
Children's bays.
Bomb world.
They'll have everyone's talking about.
This tent went all I want to have, all Orioles to be.
This tent went every sentence spoken.
Seems incomplete.
And everything that I see, just makes me laugh out.
Put it with a stupor and stomp in.
Yes, it's the best.
Why is it really glassy?
I'm on the way to talk.
Just my way to wow me.
I'm on the way to talk.
I'm on the way to talk.
I'm on the way to talk.
Spoke the pot, smoked the pot,
Some of the men spoke the plot, 20 games out was the point
Who can play a methane-need joint, Cos Bobby Valentine's wits just can't succeed
Without a niggle bag of premium weed, Rolling papers, roasts quits and a water bomb
Maybe next year during the draft they'll get cheats and straws
When a set of beer at hunt those vendors will be selling grass under a cloud of smoke
And it will be a foul of all that could not do on your ass, a take another call
Cos a new york mess just won't I get high? Stand around and wave a place in the sky
So the pot, smoke the pot, Starbots of mess, smoke the pot, 20 games out was the point
Who can play a methane-need joint, Cos Bobby Valentine's wits just can't succeed
Without a niggle bag of premium weed, Rolling papers, roasts quits and a water bomb
Well the men's playing just like they're all high on ass, they're in trend
The new york mess
362 votes, the greatest American entertainer of the 20th century, 1163
Bob Hope 58, Bob Sternissag a little bit, Johnny Carson 41, Frank's not for 37
Groucher 36, Groucher's right on Sonarch's ass, Jackie Gleason 27, Steve Martin 20, Toria and Lucy
Lucy's moving off season double digits, she's got 19
Good for her, good for old Lucy, love Lucy, don't we love Lucy?
Yes, 12 minutes after 1 at 560 WDQM and let me tell you something else we love brandy shoes
Because they've been around a long time, they could carry you in your feet, or speaking of feet, man, my feet have been killing me
Yeah, and I finally found some stuff that I smear on my feet and man, they seem to help like a miracle
And I'm sitting here, I'm the original, I'm a shlamazzle, is what they say in Arabic
And I move my foot back and I hit you know the coasters at the bottom of the chair
Right square in the heel, right on my heel spur spot
Anyway, exactly, brandy has been doing a right pro over 25 years in town and they're still going strong
They'd like to help you put some good stuff on your feet, they've got all the top brands in the business
They got rock ports, echo, mafisto, timberland, carcass, essay, as floor shine
They got men size 65, 15, women's 5 to 12 and wits from the very, very narrow to the very big fat and wide as in platypus type foot
And with over 40,000 parents stocking their 8,000 square foot juggernautic megastore
You can be pretty damn sure you can buy Georgia's life on it, that exactly the style you're looking for is in stock
Right now, this second in the size you're looking for
And of course, their professional sales staff make sure you get a perfect fit every time
And brandy shoes you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach
Brandy's is open every day, 99 Sundays 10 to 5 and all this week
Is this tag right by the way, first record?
All this week at Brandy's famous brand, Bochus on sale, all men's and women's styles 20% off, maybe
Stop and revisit them on a web if you like it, brandy's shoes, that's www.brandy's shoes.com
See you in the live and low, this is 420 O'Bry's shoes.
2 a.m.
Come any better than Neil Rogers
Sorry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here
I said hello
It's Mickey Mouse
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning, how are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir?
You're freaking killing me
No, not I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes
Why did we move the practice?
Sir, you told me to move the practice
I didn't tell you what, you must have misunderstood me
No, sir, you said move the practice to Monday
Hey, hey, listen, butt wipe, I'm the boss
I make the decisions, you take the heat
Right
You all move the practice
How are we doing with it anyway?
I am a...
Hold on
Where am I?
Remus
You all shot the hell up
I'm on the phone, Remus!
Hi, sir
Yes, sir, what was your question?
I'm killing you, I'm going crazy over here
Between David Kelly and I'm Michael Jackson calling me every three minutes
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind
Hold on
Remus
Here you go, stop it, Remus
I'm going to go, go, stop the phone, Remus
What?
What?
What's this in my hand, Remus?
That's your penis, Bull of my other hand, Remus
That's a phone, Bull of my hand
Right, I can't hear anything, Remus
Stop swallowing the floor
Sorry
I beg your pardon, sir
The moves are working out very well
The practice is forth and it's time's running
What?
And what?
And what?
What?
What?
I only saw we even beating the WB?
Barely
Oh my god
And Michael Jackson thing was a rating success
A cut, hold on a second
Remus
What's the hell you're doing with a harmonica?
Don't play, Remus, I'll jam that thing down your throat
And give a move right away from me
Oh, come on, Bruder
I'm allergic
I'm allergic
Sir, over 25 million people, sir
Shut up, I'm there
Listen
Yeah
You see me, what I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone
I know I'm on the phone, do you see what I'm doing?
Use your imagination for crying out loud
I'm moving my hands up and down, fly to side
I'm the puppet master
I said, you do it
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him laugh
No, no no no no no...
puppet master
ME
NEED
Oh
REMUS
REMUS
Yeah, boss
What the hell you're doing now?
It's not been wrong with the floor, Remus, what's this in my ears?
That your feet is both
My other ear, Remus
That's a phone, Remus. Get out!
Get over to work! Get off!
I, sir!
Yes, sir.
Killin' me!
Killin' me!
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me!
Sorry.
Killin' me, drop me!
I think you're cold and chubby.
I ain't gonna work in no more.
No.
I've had enough of all the criminals
very dead and let go far.
I've been caught again from the money away.
You've got the Christian, the Parker and the Ford.
Only you can take your coat and chubby.
I ain't gonna work in no more.
Well, I was a Christian, soldier of God,
the lever of these years.
All that time I followed
the memory of the scriptures written by queers.
Get to peace and say he's a powerful God
and an all-own-win and a mighty way.
Accepted not a living when he must have been gone
on a bus spin all the day.
Take your coat and chubby.
I ain't gonna work in no more.
You've got the year all right.
If you're with us, because everybody else is gone.
And I'm getting tired of watching people die
in the name of the invisible Lord.
But take your coat and chubby.
I ain't gonna work in no more.
Take your coat and chubby.
I ain't gonna work in no more.
Once in a lifetime a man comes along
whose life story is so meaningful
it can only be captured in poetic song.
Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry.
It's Jerry Springer, the opera,
where high art meets the lowest common denominator.
Hello, Jerry Springer.
Today's show is called my mom.
Presses like a truss, stop the bird.
Jerry, Jerry, Jerry, Jerry.
Jerry Springer, the opera,
drummer, peasantry, wonder, and swearing.
This is something I must hurt you.
I'm cheating on you with your stepmother.
You are a horrible heart.
Jerry, Jerry, Jerry.
Jerry Springer, the opera,
the stage spectacle that ain't over
for you.
Virgil, a fat lady gets hit over the head with a folding chair.
You think you all that hopes you have.
Tell me, tell me, tell me.
The world's sleazy as talk show host is in the house.
The opera house.
Jerry Springer, the opera.
Santana, you heard him play his Grammy performance
with Rob Thomas.
And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch.
Everybody wants Santana on their song.
So we've compiled a CE collection of every artisan Santana has ever played with.
Like M&M.
Two set of bars, girls, go around the outside.
Round the outside, round the outside.
The Dixie Chicks.
Andre of the Chely.
It's Santana's blitz for everyone's CD, including unrelated tracks from Carlos and John
Tash with some day your journey will end.
And I will be there for you as well.
Yes, he's a guitar player who will play with anybody, except of course, Kelly Clarkson.
A moment like this.
No way, man.
Santana blitz for everyone.
Order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santana plays your very own birthday song.
Happy birthday, dear Santana.
Call now.
If you look on the evening, you can bid on my tune.
What you shouldn't be buying, but then it don't belong to you.
And so I say, we turn my motor.
I won't get mad.
But that's my goal, dear lick.
But that's my plan.
But what on the thousand?
That's the fight that does come.
For that's much money, you buy a lot of times, you buy a flow.
And only one does that.
We did the three tunes that we did.
And so I say, we turn my motor.
Come on, be up now.
What food is they all just?
My fruit is in there.
We turn my motor.
You got no right to sell my teeth.
But that really fights.
The richer my motor.
I won't get mad.
First, there was the club.
The anti-fep device that lost to the steering wheel of your car.
Then there was the cat.
The anti-fep device that prevents thieves from picking your airbags.
Now there's the ultimate in state of the art theft protection.
Introducing the crap.
Two and a half pounds of steaming human extra mint that plops neatly into the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles.
Properly installed the crap that turns even the whole determined thing.
Any nice car and they left it door unlocked.
Take this for a little spin.
Oh my God, someone took a dump on the front seat. That is disgusting.
I'm moving on to the next car.
One whip of the crap and thief will move on to one other car that doesn't have a steaming pile of human extra mint on the front seat.
We guarantee it.
Order the crap. We're your car today.
And anyone who tries to steal your car will be in deep.
Well, you know, speaking of crap, computer virus wax air candidate check encounters.
Oh, a computer virus crippled some air candidate systems today creating delays at check encounters that can aid near ports of airlines.
And a tank of the virus dubbed white hat comes into the country's largest airline was still reeling from a worldwide shutdown of the operation blast Friday following the blackout.
Air Canada said the virus struck this morning also crippled its call centers.
It's slowing things up. They said the airline expected to resolve the problem before the end of the afternoon and the new computer worm that exploits Microsoft's popular windows operating system forced aerospace giant lockied Martin the shutdown parts of its nationwide computer network.
Officials say the worm follows the so called blaster or loves in worm that affected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide last week.
Officials say the latest worm targeted computers that hadn't received a patch against last week's worm.
Ron Reene, information officer for Lockheed said the new worm uses the victims computer to overwhelm the system with messages.
Lockheed Martin employees were unable to receive email or get on the network.
There you go. A lot of loose worms baby. And the worm is turning.
Turning. Scrooge and something about a loose worm in a office this morning with the virus.
26 past one is 560 WQM if you're in a really dead end job maybe like a salesholder at a radio station is commas to expensive.
You don't have four years to wait for real life to come along if you can afford 10 bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months fast.
Tracking up you achieve a new high-paying computer career. That's absolutely correct.
Just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify.
So call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train with four locations all over South Florida.
There's boundary one nearby you. They're in Fort Lauderdale. They're in Miami.
Candle in Pemberpines too. When you call that number you'll talk with a train career counselor who knows their craft.
Fast train offers day evening weekend schedules job placement hands on training.
So call today toll free. There's absolutely no obligation call fast train at 1 866 fast train.
Fast trains deferred payment is valid for a year regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody another an underpaid dead end job or just looking to increase your net worth.
This is what you ought to do call fast train today and check this out call 866 fast train or check them on the web at fast train dot com.
Yes, it's true Tom rich had to step down the cost he would never pass a Senate confirmation regarding his close ties to Enron.
What kind of mouthwash does the president use to wash Saudi sand off his tongue?
Is it right?
Is it right? Is it right? Is it right?
Is it right?
Is it right?
Good night Tom Fox. It's Tom.
I'm American. I'm a vision.
I'm officer Simon Carl. Right now we're responding to the salt battery call.
We're looking for a suspect named Corey Clark. Very yes.
Corey Clark hold it right there. You're under arrest for hitting your sister and for hitting a few sour notes.
They were?
You have the right to remain silent based on your last performance. I only wish you'd exercise that one more often.
It was awful. You have the right to consult an attorney or in your case a vocal coach.
But I can't afford it. Well then an attorney will be appointed for you. Perhaps Jared Andrews or Trinese could recommend someone.
It's Cox. American Idol Division. Join us next week. When officer Carl gets a new partner, officer Randy Jackson.
Could you possibly eat more down that one?
Oh no. Good no. I will broke. Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting.
I'm a young man.
Let's go. We got that day. The news is on it. We have a young alive. That must be they have something too high.
I'm not having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that. I'm having that.
I'm having that.
I'm having that. I'm having that.
So once again we self the advice of our crack head chicken hop and sultans that we apologize for that too
And now 560 W. Guayev proudly presents the Mogen David Show
I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a man and I'm a
dusty, I get punch guard foe here for scoogeons. I get a freak cup. Yea boy wait a minute, are we supposed to talk about sports? Oh yeah, yeah. I never tell you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppaton. How? How about that, Hurricane Sheffield board team? They don't got that no more. Since when? Since they got rid of the Rocket Boots. She's on Collins Avenue. Well, it's a good thing I bought the No Magi on rules. I'll see you, Your God. Yeah. Patrick Ben. Patrick Ben. Oh yeah.
I got you crack right here.
Damn!
What was that?
That I fricked my wig.
You.
It smells bad in here like toe cheese.
Damn.
Somebody is saying we do a nice remote from the festival flea market.
Sounds good to me.
Yeah, they got a lot of nice benches, dude.
Okay, let's go.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's go out of here.
I can use another bank.
I'm brilliant.
That's why my head hangs down loose and root.
I see my toes protruding from my gown in my boot.
Oh, geez.
Horde my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Oh, please, Horde my head up.
I smell my arm as I dip in my dress like I'm snoozing.
My bones are gone.
That funny hat on my head needs free food.
Horde my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Oh, please, before I die.
I'm so sorry.
As I go down, things I thought were as plain as I am by the end.
So far I've found six dollars in loose change and my car keys.
Oh, my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Oh, please, I die.
Oh, my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Oh, says Horde my head up.
Girls, gone wild is the video that shows real girls flashing their goods during spring break weekend Florida.
What about the hotties who spend the whole year in Florida?
Now, thank you for their own video.
It's Golden Girls, gone wild.
Who's in it?
Why it's all your favorite golden girls?
Dorothy Rose, Bletch and they always said I did so fear.
I shared a pitpea with some of that dress.
Well, you won't have to think because Golden Girls, gone wild is two full hours of these ravenous retirees showing loads of rinkly scams.
I am the most attractive and available woman in all of Miami.
Golden Girls, gone wild.
These hotties with hot flashes are going toughless every chance they get.
Except when their arms right is slayers up.
Now, I'm gonna be able to open my brows again.
It doesn't give any sexier man this.
But they'll take our word for it.
Listen to what the golden girls are saying about each other.
She looks like age of golden.
It's golden.
Girls, gone wild.
Watch it just one time and you'll agree.
The dark day in the history of mankind.
Golden Girls, gone wild.
Go now.
The man for electricity in Ontario reaching critical levels.
Oh, they're considering rolling up.
I think you're pardoned.
Hello?
Thank you.
I didn't know.
Oh, God.
Well, I mean, the story is true.
I don't know what it just...
Yeah.
Oh no, we're safe because even if we had like a brown out right now, I gave it up to bring
brown out.
I got that 30 minute power of the backup, see.
I gotta do a brown out at two o'clock.
21 till two is five sixty WQAM.
Elva 68 votes.
The greatest American entertainer of the 20th century.
Bob Hope 63.
Thanks for the memories.
Johnny Carson 46, Roger Marks 44.
Frank Sinatra 41, Jackie Gleason 30, Steve Martin 21, Lucy 20.
And after that, it's a small table.
I don't know.
Charlie Chaplin 10, Liberace has got nine.
Ready for that?
Yes.
And Stevie Tatter's got four.
By now, you've been here a lot about laminits.
A Russian how laminit would floring from laminits.
A Russian is the easy this smart, the low maintenance alternative to natural wood floring which
cost you a bundle.
Laminits are russes the best place to find laminit.
Wood floring from the top makers in the universe, Peridor or Pergo will sit our unifloor and
quick step two.
They've got all the top names all the time.
All installed by Pergo certified installers.
Here's another good reason why you ought to be called laminits.
A russ, their prices will positively for you.
Right now you can get there some special for this 1995 box.
That's correct.
This 1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminit wood floring.
It is positively un-relatable.
So don't forget laminits are russes will match in with your written offer too.
If you want a free-in-home estimate, call laminits are russes toll free 1-877-773336.
What could be easier?
What could be a bigger piece of cake?
Free carpet disposal?
Free furniture moving into 25-year-round fee?
And of course years and years of beautiful easy care, laminit wood floring.
Call them today and tell them that old neotorty to call laminits are russ toll free 1-877-773336.
My life and local, this is 430560.
Way, way, yeah.
For Roger.
God be great through a free great sense to his deeds.
All up, okay?
Mr. Tallyman, give me 10-oddly.
If you say no, we're gonna drop a bomb.
Hey, Mr. Tallyman, give me 10-oddly.
If you say no, we're gonna drop a bomb.
You're too old, you're too old.
We have to prepare for holy war.
Don't do the G-Hard, don't be late.
Coming in from every single terrorist state.
Now, bully him in Iraq, Iran.
I'll be stepping on my suicide bomb, let's rock.
Raise all of that rock.
Got my beard and my long white smart.
Going to the G-Hard rock.
She had two says to Hamas for it.
Get me boys ready for a holy war.
But God, two says to martyr three.
Come on and give some women and cheer with me.
Oh, God.
Raise all of that rock.
We got one hola.
Got my long white smart.
I'm going to the G-Hard rock.
Been loud and I didn't come in out of his cave.
Taliban, monkey, satirant and brave.
Black male women begging in the crowd.
But bodies only know ladies and loud.
Let's rock.
Raise all of that rock.
All hola.
Put on my bloody white smart.
Going to the G-Hard rock.
Quick Mohammed, turn on CNN.
Check latest American true position.
Going to the G-Hard, don't be late.
Come in in from every single terrorist state.
Come, bully and then you rock your run.
I'll be strapping on my suicide bomb.
Let's rock.
Raise all of that rock.
We got one hola.
Got my beard and my long white smart.
I'm going to the G-Hard rock.
Going to the G-Hard rock.
She had two says to Hamas for it.
Get me boys ready for a holy war.
But God, two says to martyr three.
Come on and kill the women and children with me.
Let's rock.
Raise all of that rock.
We got my beard and my long white smart.
I'm going to the G-Hard rock.
I'm going to the G-Hard.
Bring that second to his knee.
Kill him for this fight.
Give them more.
The United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people.
Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression.
Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait.
It's just the way it's going to be.
We like to feed the dumb who's day and hit him with a fight.
Sit back and watch his head and slow like a male away to life.
He's right to steal away Kuwait and beat the Oryoshi.
He's right to steal away Kuwait and beat the Oryoshi.
He's right to steal away Kuwait and beat the Oryoshi.
He's right to steal away Kuwait and beat the Oryoshi.
He's right to steal away Kuwait and beat the Oryoshi.
He's right to steal away Kuwait and beat the Oryoshi.
He's right to steal away Kuwait and beat the Oryoshi.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talks Drill Host, Hemroyd Suffer.
Folks, it's over 300 pounds.
I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help.
With new Preparation Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppositories,
now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagal tissue,
just look for my picture on the box of Suppositories and the applicator tube,
another fine product from OIV, the Obesity and Broadcasting Network.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talks Drill Host, Hemroyd Suffer.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talks Drill Host, Hemroyd Suffer.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talks Drill Host, Hemroyd Suffer.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talks Drill Host, Hemroyd Suffer.
Tune in out.
Do you and Rick and Tucker what we're missing in fun?
Another anytime they ever need that earth,
but all you'll ever see on God, you'll be on as a reward.
It's a place that goes for us for a chore, though ever.
It's always hang over in sunny version,
Tune in out.
I'm sitting in the dark, I do that right now, but all my lights are gone.
Trying to help conserve, we don't want to let go anymore of those brownouts.
Well, no, they've been threatening with rolling brownouts all along,
but I guess when they got through the whole day yesterday in the subway,
ran in the street cars, everything, and people figured,
oh, okay, problem over.
Surprise, right here, where does the ground brown out?
150, 10-till-two, there's nothing like a ground brown.
Doesn't she like him to fudge brown and work for the dolphins?
Hey, speaking of all of that, good stuff to eat.
How about the Emerald Coast, man?
You can go over there and win a doubt, just pick out,
because they've got a ton of food waiting for you.
All you people with a big appetite, this is the place for you.
The number one Asian buffet in the universe.
They're in sunrise, north Miami Beach, and the newest one is in Pembroke Fines.
Start out your mouthwatering experience with one or two,
or all of their six fantastic soups and dozens and zillions.
About third, man!
Of such an entree, they have near-strip made order in the gourmet center.
It's a sizzling Asian grill where you'll find grilled shrimp scampi-style,
jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and their new seafoods saying, Jacques!
If that isn't enough to video, try the Dungeon's crab and gingerbread scallions,
hand-carved prime rib, the new Oriental chicken salad,
and dozens and dozens of delicious mouthwatering goodies.
Amelcoes buffet promotes only healthy cooking, too,
because they cook only with cholesterol free oils.
There's no MSD, no cornstarch.
You won't walk out with the headaches, just a big smile on your purse,
and a full poopic.
If you have any room left at the end of the meal,
Amelcoes features a full dessert bar,
two featuring pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream,
and all your favorite toppings, and fresh fruit, as well.
There's nothing like a fresh fruit.
Amelcoes, you'll find them in sunrise,
pine island of 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd,
north Miami Beach, and also, at the intersection of flamingo and pepper
grotesque and prestigious Pembroke Pines, take the whole family,
take the whole gang from work, or book your next business luncheon right now.
All-size parties welcome, let them do the cooking for you at the Amelcoes,
take out and delivery as always available, too.
Call 954-572-3822, and don't forget,
it's Tuesday, which means Duff will not be singing karaoke tonight.
That's a good news.
954-1.
No, he's great.
Where's the occasion anyway?
954-572-3822, for information on the world flaming,
Amelcoes Chinese buffet.
My life and look all, this is Fort Real 560,
you ain't no way now.
The foods, part of the Philip Norris family,
and we know what your kids want for dinner.
More classic, than a cheese, please.
It's clapsone, creamy, delicious, processed cheese,
melted over pure, hugely addictive nicotine.
Kids love it.
It's the nicotine.
It's the cheese.
No, you're right, it's the nicotine.
My kids can't get enough of class nicotine and cheese.
Where is it you old hag? Where is it?
Now, Billy, stop digging under those seaquishens.
I've got more nicotine and cheese right here.
Oh, great mom.
Mmm, class nicotine and cheese.
It's the nicotine.
Class nicotine and cheese, part of the Philip Norris family.
We keep trying to distance ourselves from being an evil representative
of tobacco-related death, but somehow it just isn't working.
The Academy Awards, the stars, the glitz, the glamour.
But this year, there's one big missing, Billy Crystal.
Just because he's not this year's nose doesn't mean you can enjoy his trademark Oscar's own parody.
Ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to the Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
You must have seen a beautiful mind to that cross of crowds of really smart guys.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The self-appointed elder statesman of contemporary American comedy is back with this collection of hastily composed tunes about all your favorite Oscar contendi.
The background, the quiet federal, since he spent sex leaves tonight.
Every movie, every directorate, every star is regaled in song by the incomparable and intolerable Billy Crystal.
The 18-ARD and special strong men appears to be one listened to the Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD and you'll scream,
whoopee.
This lord of the ring is really shined from Pronto Kissig Dung.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD, because Oscar nominated Zung's hard-horeable enough.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
The Billy Crystal 2002 Oscar CD.
