Turn number one, baby!
Oh my! Oh my!
One McGilgan Zone's father of William meets with his attorney in preparation to take his son back to Cuba.
Well, Mr. Gonzales, how was your trip?
Very good, Gassas.
Do you have any questions before we go any further?
CCC, this box with the pictures. It's incredible. What is this?
Oh, that's a television.
Oh, tell me. Mr. Lloyd, what does Waza mean?
Apart on me?
Waza!
Oh, well, it means what's up? Like what's going on?
Waza!
Right, it's a greeting.
Waza!
Now, I know that you're uncomfortable being here, so this is a very difficult time for you to say.
Mmm! Mmm!
What is it, sir?
Oh, this pizza hot, stuffed crust pizza is incredible!
How do they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust?
I'm not sure. So, as I was saying...
Waza!
Yeah, as I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible.
Bye, bye, bye!
Are you going somewhere, sir?
No, I'm listening to the new CD by the Boyband Insync with my new Sony Discman. It's incredible!
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, Mr. Donzale, they are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the...
Just another play and you're game for two. You must take me, but eat no lie. Bye, bye, bye!
Oh, God, sir, don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba?
What do you loco? I love it here. There's like 300 channels on table and I can watch all the Yankee games.
What, sir? Mr. Boyer? What is it, Mr. Donzale? Waza!
We're number one, dammit!
Okay, 902 at 5.60 WQM, happy Monday to a happy Martin Luther King day.
What do you smell?
Well, thank you.
Was that...
We have to be very politically correct these days. Do you understand what I'm saying?
Freedom of speech is dead in America by the way. Do you know that?
We all know that.
So, the reason I play that right out of the... right from the get-go is they say, you know who they are, don't you?
No.
I don't either.
You're well, as they say, why do people do that? Well, as they say, who's they?
These couple guys they live over here kind of around the corner.
Well, screw them, what do they know? They.
So, Aliens Daddy, he don't need no happy meal because he's a big shot now.
He's one of the 600 non-candidates got elected to the National Assembly yesterday in Cuba.
Both of them will need no. You know, you want to know how I know that he won?
You know what else is running against all the candidates ran unopposed.
Oh, yeah!
So, there you go, Juan Miguel, whatever the hell his name is. Isn't that his name? Juan Miguel?
Let's see.
Okay.
Congratulations to you because in our book...
We are number one, dammit!
We are the book came out on Friday in case you missed it.
And we'll wait till tomorrow and we have to break down before we start crowing too much.
Maybe the crow's on it.
There's another stupid expression for it as the crow flies.
Oh, it's about 50 miles there's the crow flies. Well, how the hell does the crow fly?
His arms must get off the entire by about half way to O'Callusa.
Maybe the crow doesn't know the way.
Could be.
Do you know the way crow? Probably no.
Look at this. Bush gets an F in leadership says the Sun's Sentinel.
Now you don't think that they're caving in politically, do you?
Because Miriam elephant is totally incompetent.
But we don't want it. It's on our website.
Carlos is working feverishly.
We got more important fish to fry.
Oh, and also Fred Grimman and Harold, what a coincidence this must be.
About reminiscing about the little because the Harold's been doing this thing about the 100 Harold Centennial, 100 years.
So it must be just the coincidence that Fred Grim and yesterday's mommy heard in the focus,
the focus, it's another focus section.
So long, Kitch, goodbye, tacky, our changing landscape.
How do you say Kitch or Kitch?
Kitch, Kitch. I know.
But just I'm not like it with that sound, you know.
Kitch, Kitch.
Yeah, Kitch.
So Fred Grim who eats a lot of Kee says bidding a fond farewell to Kitch over gone by era.
And he's got all these things which we've been doing on the show for days now.
And we'll continue. We apologize that Eric and Carlos had another spat over the weekend.
And we didn't get our pull on there until about four o'clock on Saturday.
And spread the fact that I'm not going to go into it.
No, it's a holiday. I don't want to go into it and get those two into another cat fight here today.
Like a couple of silly piece, silly geese.
So the pull didn't get up there. It is up there now though.
And we notice right off the bat, it's probably just as well.
Look out up there on the weekend.
Part two of our greatest places that are no longer in business.
Because then I was able to see that we have a phony vote on there again.
You people who get on that pull on the weekend, man, you have no life.
We have the two big football games yesterday, which I know that George even was glued to those.
What did I tell you about the bucks by the way?
Nobody believed me, huh?
Oh, what an ego is. You know, the bucks have a one in the cold weather.
And they never want to play off game. They were right on the road.
Well, guess what? They kicked their ass yesterday.
There are Florida team. Why should we not be rooting for the bucks?
Just because we hate Tampa like poison. Don't we? Sure.
But in other words, it's gotten up and do a Tampa just a team that happens to play there.
Those guys aren't from Tampa. Are they? Of course not.
They don't want nothing to do with any more than we do.
So let's root for the bucks. I don't know if I got a shot against the Raiders next week.
But we'll be glued to that. Won't we, George?
You got a Panther game this afternoon. I bet you George and Carlos are going to that together.
Panthers in Montreal, Canadians, the frogs are in town.
The Canadian who lost an overtime to my meat beliefs on Saturday.
Let's hear it. Three to two.
Whether they're new coach, whatever the hell his name is, Julien.
Don't you love his French fries, those Julien fries?
What are Julien? What are those? Potatoes.
I don't know. Skinny potatoes. I have no idea.
What's the skinny on those?
Getting a font for the kitchen of a baguette or a rice bread.
Grimm, he mentions the Sir Protérium, the Crandon Park Zoo, the Sportatorium, the Castaways and the Rec Bar, the Playboy Club,
Mutiny Club and the Grove.
All these things that he mentions in here, almost all of them are ones that have been on our pool.
What a concept, Fred Grimm.
I bet you this guy on line five in Miami is the one who's going to say,
how predictive of another pool.
Here's Miami. Hello.
No, that's not me.
Oh, sorry. I was hoping it was him.
Good morning. Listen. Happy Monday to you, Sir.
Happy Monday. I tried to call you Friday to ask, but I don't know if you was willing to give me to me.
The numbers for Phil Henry and Kevin Cowley.
Could you're the only show who gives out the number?
Yeah, I got them right here, man. Whatever you want.
See, we don't play game in, by the way, our morning numbers are...
Woo!
You can't complain about his numbers because he don't have any.
Because I want to be a broadcaster, so...
No, don't do it. Are you out of your mind?
Well, haven't you said you would listen to me now?
Haven't you taken heat in my warnings?
I don't do it.
I listened to 15 hours of a puck radio, I think.
You wind up like Moa, bitter, nasty, crusty old man with a bad hair piece.
No, I won't do it.
Now, let's see, here, Phil Henry, 7 of a night.
I get late, everyone.
Well, that's good. That's excellent.
Men 25 to 54.
Now, who was the first one you said to me in Afterfeel?
Kevin Cowley.
Who was Kevin Cowley?
The rapper you said he'd get pointy.
Oh, Cowley and Goon?
No, boy. It's not Cowley and Bozenmore.
Just Kevin Cowley, the other guy got fired.
They did pretty good, as a matter of fact, must be because the other guy sucked.
No, no. He was back through the night for the show, but...
Like I said, the other guy...
They went from a four point through...
No, they're not on that station there on Irodi.
That was Tom Schmidt, Shushnet.
What station are they all?
They went up from a 1.1 to a 2.2.
They got a 2.2.
But I bet you have that...
Chuck Booms comes to...
Kaboom?
How are...
How are Davis's I bet you the numbers go up?
You mean instead of Howard David?
Well, no.
Well, yeah.
Howard and...
Because they both yelled you.
Yeldian Kaboom.
And they both have Greek voices, that's how I...
Don't be knocking...
Don't be knocking, Yeldian.
It's his birthday, okay?
No, but they both have Greek voices, so...
Oh, that's good.
Okay, and you want to know how filled on?
Yes, please.
Look at this.
This is how it's worth it.
How it's filled?
Seven of them in 2015, 54 from a 6.1 down to a 4.0.
Oh!
A precipitous drop from number 2 to number 9.
No, no.
So this wasn't a big fill book, but it was good for Rakhali and Goon without...
What about that radio station?
How their numbers go up?
Because I thought maybe they...
Was like a sleeper to try...
Which one is that?
The whole station, that 40.
Sports is sport 9.40.
They actually went up a little bit in all day parts.
They didn't...
I mean, nothing's spectacular, but they're making a little bit of a move.
They're making a little...
movement.
Nothing to worry about, right?
Nothing at all.
Okay, you don't have a good day.
We're dropping like flies.
And you too.
Actually, the rest of our station didn't do all that good.
It wasn't a good fall book, the dolphin book, you know?
Every station that carries the dolphins, whether it used to be IOD or this one,
Oh, it's the fall book.
We'll fall back on the fall book and as it turned out, they fell all right on their ass.
Except for midday.
Except for 10-3, we bail their ass out, okay?
I say congratulations to us.
We're number one, Danny!
We are.
We actually went up, of course, that was following George's summer books,
so what do you expect?
But nonetheless, we went up precipitously to a 6.8, number one, by pretty fair margin there.
Me and the mad dog, us and the...
What's his name?
And the rest of the station had a little problem.
They're not Hank, maybe Hill kind of like Cool is the brains out.
Although I'm a little worried about him between the fat and being in San Diego for Super Bowl all week.
You know, they have all those Super Bowl parties.
Oh, yeah.
And how they feed the media types all week, they just shovel that food.
Like I had two cupcakes this morning, because Fat Doreen brought in that food for Gildi's birthday.
And this is a true story which he told me at a haul.
And even she hates the Moe mice too.
That's really something.
Let me say this one.
Even Doreen hates you like Poison.
You have no allies in a building.
I don't want you to feel like you're out there in a limmo, but you are.
She told me this story about how she brought in that nice feast there for Gildi,
including all these little cupcakes and a sort of bunch of fat and crap.
What would you expect Doreen to bring?
Fat and crap.
And so I was out there picking a cupcake out of the bunch there.
Not really. We're at yes.
That was the first of two.
And she said to me, she said I brought this in for Gildi.
It's his birthday today.
And Moe came out and picked one up and was about to eat it.
And he said, oh, well, where's this from?
Is this for us?
She said, oh, well, no, it's Goldie's birthday.
I brought it in for him.
And he put it down and refused to eat it.
Oh, well, in that case, here I want to...
No, you can have it.
Howard, it's okay.
No, he wouldn't touch it unless it was specifically brought for him.
Does the term pompous ass come to mind?
Huh?
I mean, didn't bother me.
I'll eat anybody's free food, doesn't bother me at all.
Tell me at least they were...
See, in my case, fat ass comes to mind.
I'm the first one to admit it.
Were they good?
They heard it's pretty damn good.
Especially if her crap Doreen brought in.
I wonder where she stole that.
Publix.
Did she? She got a Publix.
We love Publix.
We like Publix a lot on this show, don't we?
You bet.
Especially with all that good free food.
11 past nine at five, 60, WQN.
Hey, here's a place for you people that are serious about losing weight
or maybe like semi-serious.
Delights of West Boker.
This whole story is dedicated to people who are trying to lose weight.
The Atkins way or the low carbohydrate way,
which seems to be the new way people are doing it makes sense.
Don't eat those brownies, by the way.
This week, try the new Enchantment Low-Crab Cookies.
There you go.
In six delicious flavors, only one in two carbs per cookie.
You'll be in Stack Heaven.
So whether it's Carbohydrate, ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces.
Delights of West Boker is one story that's completely dedicated to you and your dietary needs.
They've got a staff that knows their crap inside and out.
They're open every day, seven days a week, from 10 to 10.
And at Delights, they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand's products.
And the best part of the deal is, they're always 25% off the regular price all day, every day,
if you're like even on Sookas, even on this day.
By now you've heard the reports and read the studies, they're read the Atkins.Numerow Uno.
So do the smart thing and head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store around.
And that's Delights of West Boker.
You'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 next to Boston Market.
Be sure and tell them that PD Lenny's sent you in there and they'll give you a look like you never saw in your life.
Call 1-877 Low Carb or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only 1 Delights of West Boker.
It's your official Atkins Retail Center.
We're supporting you 560, UAF.
Roger, time.
I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die, from being able to make do to do.
I should never keep thinking, oh no, a big back must be trapped inside my vowels.
How can you've done from infected parts?
Is that right?
You're letting these mojo doctors in.
Now my heart stops.
You schrocks at sign eyes for my intestines out.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami.
With the kind of service you've given in this town.
I would act to be too far alone.
If I didn't eat that grass I swallowed.
Why can't you let me some utilize?
Why can't you lose us?
Get it right.
My foul will block inside my hearty.
Can't take my turd go out.
Discuss, discuss, discuss, discuss.
Hey, 10 up there in the antenna road, Anya.
We get the message, okay?
Well, we didn't mean any fire with these, okay?
You clown, you idiot.
Look at this.
He says, what about the bottle cap in?
It was on a hundred and third street inside and I was made a bottle cap.
Do you remember the bottle cap in?
No.
I don't either.
And then he says the head, and not only has he sent me this five times,
but he gets it wrong.
If you're going to be doing that Ted, get it right.
He says the headliner with the cock and bull restaurant was Billy Dissehera.
Later from Palm Beach.
Yeah, much later from Palm Beach because his name was Bill DeShera.
Remember Bill DeShera?
No.
I do.
Could he sing or what, huh?
No.
Bill DeShera.
What does that bring back to memories?
He was a cock and bull restaurant, which we got both.
I'm sure those are bogus votes, aren't they?
Probably.
Because I saw it in over the weekend, you know, for whatever reason that they decided to make
to put that up there.
But anyway, a cock and bull restaurant wasn't highly in mind.
It was a sponsor of mine and Craig Worthing and also Jerry Wichner.
Remember Jerry Wichner?
I remember the stories.
He died.
So guess who else died?
Richard Krenna.
Really?
You know Richard Krenna?
Yeah.
Pretty good actor.
76.
He died from pancreatic cancer on Saturday.
Game fame on TV's Armas Brooks and Areal of Coise made a successful transition from comedy
to drama on TV in the movies including the sand pebbles and body heat.
He died.
Richard Krenna's dead.
He died?
Would Aubrey Hepburn and wait until dark and uh, said her and so on?
And they would duty the Hardy family, Burns and Allen, etc.
Anyway, his pretty good actor, Richard Krenna.
I just thought I'd mention it.
We always try to mention the dead people.
Speaking of that, here's your good friend Paul Harvey Jr., who ought to be listening to Tony Bruno right now instead.
You know why?
You're an asshole, man.
And why is that?
I don't know why you tell us why.
You know why?
Because no, because you have to be listening to this show.
No, you're supposed to be listening to this show.
We made you a celebrity.
We made you what you are today and we don't want to take credit for it either.
First of all, first of all.
And you're giving us a certain dance about you.
We're listening to the Tony Bruno show like there's some kind of a sports nerd.
First, let me say, you know, pop this mo reminds me of my mother.
Yeah.
Um, the reason I have not gotten fat rich now, okay?
I had a tough time.
I had a rough life.
First off, I have been in Vegas since...
By the way, Bruce Ranger won seven races at Pompato Park Saturday.
Nice going, Brucey.
You're still no Brian Sears.
Anyway, go ahead.
I've been in Vegas since Christmas.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know why we've been in such a good mood.
I'm cruising industrial boulevard one night.
And in a bad way.
That's a word.
In five different stations, okay?
Three stations had...
Which we call Phil Henry on.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Yeah.
One station had hot dog hopper board on it.
Yeah.
And another station had was shoes.
Yeah.
How sick is that?
That's five stations with Florida connections.
So what about it?
No, I've just said it was weird.
It was odd.
It was weird that you'd be telling me about radio and Las Vegas.
Radio and Las Vegas.
Come and and Vegas and radio times.
I don't pay any attention to the radio and Las Vegas.
I couldn't call anything.
It's honor radio and Las Vegas.
When you're in the car, you don't turn the radio on.
Yeah, I've turned it on.
I don't pay any attention to it.
I'm totally trying to get from point A to point B,
which takes me like an hour.
So you're never going to get...
You're never going to get what was there or what was going on
while I was out there.
The AVN awards and conventions.
The what?
The AVN, the adult video.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Would you run into Ron Jeremy?
Do you run him over?
I have to look Ron Jeremy, Peter North was there.
All the old trolls.
Oh, my God.
And every...
What up, you're early?
No, I don't pick up.
Porsche Corridor.
And the sixth thing is there are all these beautiful porno stars,
gorgeous women.
And you don't want the biggest lines where for Ron Jeremy,
Peter North, Rocco Stefano, which made absolutely no preconceived.
Rocco Stefano?
You know, what's his name?
Rocco's different rally.
Whatever the hell.
That's different.
He changes his name every year.
And he's in the troll also.
I don't know what the hell is name is.
He's a big boy.
Anyway, let me tell you why.
As much as you like out there.
So...
How come you're not listening to Tony Bruno?
It because...
What?
You know, you never know what...
How come you're not listening to Tony Bruno right now?
Because I'm a buster child.
That'll listen to Tony Bruno.
Jesus Christ.
I bet you you had a lot of crap about that, man.
I bet you people were called...
With two by fours, try to knock your ass down.
Yeah.
Yeah, I've been following...
The end of the phone rang off the hall.
Good.
Thank you for Harvey Jr. by the way,
who's a turncoat, who turned on us at a time when we need his help.
Do you understand the kind of lead in that we got?
Tomorrow morning at about 11.30,
when Maddie Bell finally gets duff off his ass
and we get the actual numbers from the hour by hour,
you're going to find out that this man had less than a three-share.
I bet your life on it.
He'll have less than a three-share in men.
Now, do you understand this is during the fall book
when the dolphin games are going on in a pretty good season
to the end there, which is after the book was over.
Do you have any idea how weak that is?
Hey, listen.
For a guy that blows as much hot air about what a big shot
and he's going to change sports talk and he's going to do this.
And going to do that?
Who's he going to blame it on?
Is it going to be my fault?
George's fault?
Joe and Mark's fault?
Is it the rest of the world's fault?
Who wants to listen to it, Dick?
The D.I.K.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Have a good day.
Paul Harvey Jr.
All we can say about him is he's an asshole.
Yeah, just wait till we get those hour by hour tomorrow.
I'm the tower of the power with the Bobby Brown.
Do we ever think of the name of that Frank's Ampest song?
No.
Okay, now how are we going to do this?
Because this turned into like a major project.
I mean, this is like out of control.
It's like that James and the giant penis bit, you know,
the whole thing just, you know, like mushroomed out of control here.
We took the pool and in fact, if you had been out of town
or have been paying attention, which we're pretty pissed off about,
what's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around?
In fact, wait till next week, will you do who's your favorite harness racing driver
who's no longer around?
Is it Lou Williams?
Huh?
Is it Francis O'Hare?
Could be.
Any Donnie Hall?
Okay, here we go.
Now from Thursday.
Isn't this from Thursday the original one we did?
I can't, I'm lost.
Give me a compass in a road map.
Playboy Club, what we'll do is we'll take the top 20 from Thursday
and this pool that we put up on Don didn't get up till Saturday
because Eric and Carlos can't get their act together.
Uh, we'll leave that up today while we're building the one for later in the day.
Follow what I'm saying?
Yes.
I did.
And we'll just keep this going for what the next four years sounds real good to me.
What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around?
In fact, by the end of the four years, we can put QAM on there.
The way things are going, outside of 10 to 3.
Pretty sad, man.
Hank had a bad October, so a drag deserves to look way down.
But his other two months will be okay.
The next trend comes out.
But there's one day part, and the nighttime had a just precipitous drop.
Panthers, man.
They want to blame Eddie Kay for it.
It's the Panthers.
There's no interest.
Now there's a shout out win.
Three nothing over to Penguins Saturday night.
Anybody interested?
No.
They're playing the saffron and against the Montreal canadians.
Five o'clock starting time.
Any interest?
No.
Well, how'd you like to count the house there today?
Oh, and I should mention, I already mentioned it Friday.
About the great job that the Usher didn't 101 last the Wednesday.
Nice going to keep it up pal.
Keep it up this Wednesday when Ottawa comes in.
I'm going just to get press my nose up against the glass and say hi to Marty Hablat of the Ottawa Senators.
Number nine.
Number one in my heart, number nine on the Senators.
What are you laughing about?
I'm just smart.
Marty Hablat.
He's a wonderful Canadian boy.
He's a great player.
He's okay.
Play more club 158 votes.
Here's the top one.
I'm not going to waste your time with all these numbers because that would take us to noon.
Like I said, let's do all the numbers.
Play more club at 158.
J. Byron's 135.
Then you believe that J. Byron's people missed that?
Come on.
You do?
Why?
Because they're cheap.
Because they're much cheaper.
Steve Byron's was a schlock shop.
Like there are other schlock shops that are just as schlocky and...
Yeah, like Target.
And Mervins and Target.
Target.
Yeah.
Play more club 158.
J. Byron's 135.
Sambo's 87.
Hemingway's 74.
Now you were a little bit suspicious about some of those because your wife used to work there.
But you never ate the food there.
So what do you know?
Hemingway's was a very popular place.
Yeah, but it was like just in Hollywood compared to all these other places that had more than one location.
How about the Playboy club?
How many of those were there?
I don't know.
They just like Playboy for the same reason that they're voting in other places.
No.
Six flags at Lattice Waterpark 72.
Jordan Mar 61.
Wags 55.
Taco Viva with Ed Melted Cheese that were still raving about 51.
Oh, I can just taste it now.
Breater Supreme with onions and melted cheese.
No beans.
There was a Taco Viva right by me when I was in Kindle.
Boy, those were the days, man.
Oh, God.
Those were great days.
There was a Taco Viva right there, Kitty Corner Godfathers.
On sunset, just east of 107th.
Like a block, maybe two blocks from my house.
There was a Taco Viva.
And I'd go in there and get burrito, two, two, two, not supreme, that's Taco Bell.
Two beef burritos with onions and cheese only.
No beans.
And they would have that melted cheese.
They would drizzle in there, you know.
Hmm.
Anyway, Taco Viva 51, Wolfies 50, the Winglory's to House 49,
Pomponix 46 where the old people put them out of business by stealing the salt shakers
and all the silverware and the sweet and low.
Shaky's Pizza 40.
The only good thing for Pomponix is that all the old people have put them out of business.
They're all dead.
Shaky's Pizza 40, Burton Jacks 39, beef steak Charlie's 38, pizza's 38.
I still say, I can't believe you when you tell me that that peaches in 4 Lauderdale on Federal Highway on the sunrise night on.
Oh, that just scares the crap out of me.
A studio restaurant.
Remember Freddie Studio restaurant 36?
No, that was a great place.
Dolls 35.
The Black Anus and Zersi Chad 34 and Extra 30.
And that's where we draw the line.
Got it?
And we'll take about 500 more to make today's bull.
I'll let you know what's happening with that even though the cock and bull vote is bogus.
Do you believe cock and bulls got 44 votes?
No.
We don't believe it.
We were on Monday, man.
I saw all your hanky panky over the weekend.
Okay.
All you people like to diddle on our poll over the weekend.
Get a life.
Get a freaking life like Paul Harvey Jr.
Can you imagine going to Vegas and being worried about what's on the radio?
Huh?
No.
No.
Radio?
As a matter of fact, they have no clocks in the casinos.
They should also have no radios in Vegas.
Who has got time to listen to the radio?
Or sleep or anything.
Right.
You got to make a contribution there, man.
Just keep plunging and plunging.
Travel channel all weekend long.
Have those Vegas shows again?
Do you see that?
All weekend long, yeah.
I wonder how much the Vegas Chamber of Commerce pays them to keep pumping that stuff out.
People have cheated Vegas.
People have got caught cheating.
The top 10 tea rooms in Vegas.
Oh, just amazing.
I'm burn out on Vegas.
27 A.M.
I'm burn out on.
That's why hangs in the Super Bowl all this week.
He's out there in San Diego.
It's not that far from Vegas.
Can you see him plunging into the track all week long?
I think he's got a better scan than I do.
The Humper.
Hey, snow and Miami never heard of it.
Right, well, Tom Laman and Joe Prieto are buried, maybe not in snow, but in vehicles.
The factory has sent hell at so many cars.
There's no place to park them.
Even Tom Laman had to park cars in his driveway.
So they need to place one in yours.
Hellen is blowing out all the vehicles, regardless of profit.
Including the Pontiac vibe.
Starting at an amazingly low $13,098.
And up to $5,000 off on every GMC envoy in stock.
Plus, at hellen right now, as I speak, gets 0% financing.
Or up to a $3,000 rebate.
And as always, Hellen's got a stupendous, unbeatable selection of dependable pre-owned car instruction SUVs.
If everybody else in town turns you down for credit, maybe if you know Paul Harvey Jr., they said, get out of here.
Have no fear because Hellen is here. They'll cut you with the Elimander what?
It's the Winter Blizzard Emergency clearance sale going on right now at Hellen Pontiac GMC.
13401 South Dixie Highway.
That's on US1 across from the falls open seven days a week.
And unlike all these other businesses we've been talking about that are coming gone.
They're still around after 35 years and that same great location.
And as always when you call Hellen, are you stopped by?
Be sure to mention the Arranger Show you'll save even more.
You can check out the Near Rogers Neal Deal Hotline toll free at 1-888-5344-211.
That's 1-888-5344-211 for Hellen Pontiac GMC, who say we are professional grade and they are.
This is 205-6-2A.
Hello N-D-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S.
Here's your attorney general and prepare a decency insensible shoes gone ash-craw.
Legalization of marijuana is on the rise around the world, like England and Canada.
But those are just some partners.
We can't let that happen here.
The greatest free is the most arrogant country in the world.
While legalization of marijuana would cause unemployment to rise by this matlin of the DEA task force
and would take food from the mouths of deedy pholeticians.
So stick with alcohol. That's fine.
And cover up them naked statues will you?
I have a mother complex and that bothers me.
And get your feet off my nice clean floor.
This message paid for by citizens against violent America.
I'm 335-60W QA.
Anyway, here's a picture in the Fred Grim piece and a focus and a her yesterday.
Picture of a crazy Greg, Greg Newell, the button south on the beach.
Okay. And there's a couple of guys that look okay.
But anyway, those were the days, man.
Let me tell you, when they drove all you old parts here, of course, most of them were den aint way.
So what's the point of screaming at the dead?
Huh? All those old parts when they drove spring break out of town and they drove all the young people out here.
That was the end. That was the kiss of death.
I mean, we can talk about various, you know, the corkies on North Miami Beach.
And we can talk about peaches over there on sunrise, Boulevard and Florida.
I mean, these are just additional nails in a coffin.
But once they drove us spring break, that was like a message.
There's no place here for living and breathing people.
Only both people and frogs.
It's our time.
And now the frogs can't afford to come here anymore because of that cheap crappy Canadian loony that the worthless currency.
So, you know, that's a blessing, a mixed blessing.
Follow what I'm saying?
It's a mixed bag.
A mixed sack.
So on you old parts, I hope you're real happy as you're rotting in your graves that you drove all the young people out here and turned it into an outdoor funeral parlor completely.
That was the only, that was the only breath that we had.
That was the only contact we had with reality with living and breathing people was spring break, the young folks.
People under the age of a hundred.
Bible college shuns beastly 666 phone number.
Do you see this?
No.
Well, here it is.
This is in the heritage that ain't no less.
A small, ample H in Bible college is fighting to change its telephone number because the 666 prefix is disturbing to Christians who recognize it as the biblical mark of the beast.
I didn't know the beast had a...
Oh, that's his weight now.
The beast.
What a fat slob you are, man.
You go off that thing for what?
About a day and a half and we came back 15 pounds.
What a tub of garbage you are, man.
We're in Barris for you here.
That's been the talk at a whole station.
Is that the beast came back in here on Friday and the excuse was well.
It took away his blood suck for a few days and he came back 15 pounds faster and you need four canolies.
Man.
Can you believe that?
I believe it's seeing as believing.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Anyway, people say you're a Bible college and you have a 666 and your phone number said Carlean Light.
An office worker at Kentucky Mountain Bible College in Banklead, Kentucky.
It's the connotation nobody wants to be part of the mark of the beast.
The conservative non-denominational Christian college on a hillside in Easton, Kentucky, has been trying for months to persuade a telephone company to change the number.
If I sat a little bit off this morning because I had those two cupcakes, better meet them in a mow though, you know.
I deserve a motella, but as he deserve it sure wasn't part of a ratings part is to celebrate your ratings more till that.
Can't crack a three share in men you wait till the morning fact.
I'm going to tell you right now. I'm going to bet Carlos and Eric's lives on it.
That when we break down the hour by hour tomorrow, he's got under a three share in men in the Dolphin Fall book.
Do you have any idea how scary that is?
Look at that.
Rob Roy McGregor, the college's vice president for business affairs, had staff and students, wealth and number changed to a second prefix.
693 that was recently added after these six six numbers were taken.
Wait a minute.
Yeah. His name is really Rob Roy McGregor.
Rob Roy.
He's kind of Billy Bob Roy.
Ray.
In the biblical book of Revelation, 666, the mark of the beast is stamped into people's foreheads or right hands during the last days.
Those who received the mark, corner scripture are damned to eternal punishment.
Damn, to work at QIM.
Oh, I think that I think that we're going to turn things around in this book, you know what?
Because this weekend we got a big new show, our operations manager who doesn't have much else to do, is starting his new show called penis talks, starting Sunday.
The beast represents Satan and Satan will put the mark on everybody who does secular trade, McGregor said.
Have you ever do secular trade?
Just this morning.
I've done some of them.
True Christians will not accept the mark of the beast it says.
The Gregor city asked access point in North Carolina based telephone company that serves the college to change the number about six months ago.
And the phone company says they'll make every effort to get the number changed.
So these purful don't burn in hell.
God dang it.
Okay, let's get down to business.
Okay.
And like I said last week, I think we bit off more than we can chew here, you know.
The audience loves this at least so far until they get burned out on it like by 11 o'clock.
But, but geez.
I've got enough taxes here.
I'm going to go through the faxes, you know.
And some of you people just be patient.
Okay, look at this.
See, here's one that came Friday.
Does it just relax?
I'll get to you.
Christ, I'm a daughtering old man.
What do you want?
Christ.
Carry this whole place on my aching old shoulders.
Forever.
I walk out of here on Friday and there's Bill Tanner, Greg Reed and little Maddie Bell come up to my ankle.
And there's shaking my head.
Oh, great, fuck me.
I would look a relief like you bailed us out again.
And we did.
We did.
I thought we were the ones that were going to suck wind in his last book, because following, you know, a Georgian at Summer Book.
No, as a matter of fact, we could take Georgia's numbers from the Summer Book and they beat the pants out of the numbers from the fall book and the other day parts.
Beat the daylights out of them.
How do you like that and spite of the fact they treat you like crap?
I guess they've heard your show.
But anyway,
no, seriously,
the numbers you had in the Summer Book beat the snot out of the other two of the drive times.
That's not good enough.
Oh.
But you're heartless bastards, man, who don't appreciate a job fairly mediocre, uh, decently done.
A job done.
A job done. That's right.
Killin' some time.
Bein' on here mumbling away a little bit.
Talking about disgusting filthy vulgar things like Dwight Lutterdale eating and bishops ass.
What?
Oh, even his gross stuff.
What's wrong with you, man?
You know that it's true.
Why do you think you had to shave that mustache off?
You started complaining.
They bury your face down.
Now, when did people start complaining?
I don't know what ass Sandy.
She'll tell you.
Cause is sports arena bar.
And I listen to Carlos.
I don't want to start playing butch blush here.
But you and Eric,
I'm not putting up with any more of that crap.
Do you know how many times I had to call him this weekend?
I tried calling you once,
but of course you didn't answer because you're sitting underneath the overpass.
Yeah, Carlos lives under the overpass there on the MacArthur Causeway.
The only problem is there is no overpass on the MacArthur Causeway.
But that's what he puts down in his home address.
Now seriously, let's, when the show is over today,
you'll face the new group.
Okay, you got it.
And write these down.
And I had to spend like at least two minutes on a fall with Eric on Saturday,
correcting this spelling.
He had, wait till you're how you had Cresky spelled.
K-R-E-T-Z-K-I-E-S.
Creskeys.
They're out of business.
They don't have no hockey equipment over there.
Okay, it wasn't Wayne Creskeys.
Yeah, they're out of business too.
Cause is COZ apostrophe is,
wasn't that, uh,
CNN got topless Donutshop on 84.
That's our Donuts.
We already got that on there today.
Okay, get with it.
Whoever's getting pushy about this facts.
Cause is, wasn't that, who the hell was that?
Creslowski?
Eh?
My Creslowski?
I don't know.
What are so many of these dance sports arena bars?
That it's thanks, uh, something or rather, uh,
Oh, jumping Jeff from Jersey,
which we already got to topless Donutshop.
It's called our Donuts.
Okay, and it's on here.
You can vote for it right now.
And we apologize for catching the audience off.
Garne, although maybe it was a good idea to catch them off.
Garne, it allowed a bunch of, uh,
uh, fakers to put cock and bull number one right now to pull for today,
which I'm not going to waste time reading them because it's up there now.
We'll leave it on during the whole show.
And you can have ditto away on it.
Your favorite soft Florida business,
at least out of this list,
that's no longer a rat.
Cock and bull restaurant 45.
They're going to get de-cute, I think.
Aren't they?
Yeah.
They're a queen.
They're still around.
Were you stopped?
They're a queen.
Isn't that the place where they have that Bersier food?
Yeah, and then non-ice cream.
Dairy queen.
And they are people I actually like dairy queen?
Oh boy.
Kines must mozzo, a dairy queen or Carvelle.
Carvelle at least uses real ice cream.
Could have fooled me.
You call that real ice cream?
Not compared to real ice cream like Ben and Jerry's or something like that.
But dairy queen doesn't even call it ice cream.
What do they call it?
It's soft syrup.
Oh, I can't say that in the ear.
Yeah, soft syrup.
That's what my dog usually drops.
941-560WQM and all you folks out there if your home is just not big enough for you if you're out growing it and your home too.
Maybe your family is getting bigger.
Maybe you need more room for an at home office, a nursery sewing room or a new bastard bedroom or bath.
When you need more space for your place called our guys at strictly additions.
Strictly additions is your one stop shop, more space for your place,
where the worry for your perks are expanding your living space.
They show up on time.
You won't have any head and charges, no games, no BS.
They're the experts at pulling permits so the work gets completed on time.
And now for the new year you can use your income tax return to get all the work done.
All you folks out there shopping for new homes, why waste the time?
Because by the time you sell, buy, close and move, you might as well just pull some equity on your current home and call strict additions and make it exactly what you need.
You'll pay for a new addition to your home that you already love.
Call strictly additions today at 954-791-8100.
That's 954-791-8100.
They're licensed, they're insured professionals, called 954-791-8100 for a free estimate,
called Craig or Patrick at that number.
Strictly additions will save you time.
Lots of money won't have to move to improve.
Get you a whole new house with the same address.
954-791-8100 for a close pizons at strictly additions.
Slide and local.
We're sports radio five cities. You and you and you and you.
The cow, errands coming.
Hey, dog, hey, dog.
Right like a man on one go.
Chocolate pudding, vodka, field.
Right like a man to me want to go home.
Suicide month, it can kill.
Right like a man to me want to go home.
Hey, Mr. Corrin, daddy up your bodies.
Right like a man to me want to go home.
He say, hey, Mr. Corrin, daddy up your body.
Right like a man to me want to go home.
Six, seven, seven, eight, men.
Right like a man to me want to go home.
Six, seven, eight, men, dance.
Right like a man to me want to go home.
Run!
なん!
we said hurry!
Don't loose it.
Four years plan for the99.
And I keep going.
You are not, you are not, you are not.
So those are four years plan for the99.
That's right.
The rich in the clouds
Right light come and we want to go
Six men, seven men, eight men, dance
Right light come and we want to go
Six men, seven men, eight men, dance
Right light come and we want to go
Eh, me say, me say, me say, me say, me say, me go
Right light come and we want to go
947 and 560 W to QAM. What are you eating in there?
Is that fruit that Dureen brought in?
Fruit, fresh fruit.
George is knowing on fruit.
So here's the fact somebody sends me one of our list news on the Internet in Chicago
about spring break. Here's an old article from the Scum Settle from a hundred years ago
or from the Christian Science Monitor. And guess who's quoted in here?
That fat cow, Nikki Grossman. Well, we headed for thirty years and took us ten years of marketing
to overcome it to you, Nikki. Okay, you idiot. You simple didn't?
They're all the same, man. We have no courageous leaders in this town. They're all bunch of scumbags.
All a bunch of goofballs. Including your governor, man.
Aren't they proud now that we got a real government, strictly politics. Oh, he, uh, he, uh, he doesn't have the power to fire Mary
and elephant. Shuried eyes for rain components, but he's not going to do it because it's not politically correct.
I made a mistake today. Mark it down. Okay. Here's the facts from somebody who's absolutely correct.
It says, sorry, Marty, a have let is a good checkpoint. Not Canadian.
Not that it matters. And you're right on both parts. How could I be so stupid?
I guess I got blinded by the light. Huh? Well, he's Canadian and that he plays for Ottawa.
It's a Canadian team, ain't it? That's still there. Thanks to the fact they bailed their ass out.
National hockey league is in big trouble, but don't hear, you know, tell Gary Bettman. He's busy going, move him like that.
What's still out there? Any more cupcakes? There is everything is still out there.
And I bet you mode and take any with him because it wasn't brought specifically for him.
See, people like it was this guy that came to the track. By the way, don't come and bother me at the track, please.
There are a lot of nice people out there. We appreciate your listening. We thank throw-off for the diaries, all the other stuff.
But don't come and bother me at the track. Me and the fat man in Derek. We want to be left alone to lose in peace.
Right? That's POP insurance, plunging in peace. PIP-Hoverdekos. POP insurance.
Just like this is a losing piece. But everybody comes by the salespeople or by me.
Oh, is that really, is that for real? With you and Mo, is that for real? What a stupid question.
The answer very simply is, yes, it is. And I don't want to have to elaborate or go through a big song and anance.
While I'm trying to figure this is going to be Bruce Ranger this time, we're Brian Sears.
And who's that coming on the far outside looking like he's fading in mid stretches at Wally.
And I see again, oh, oh, come on, Wally, get in one, baby. You clown. We're going to send you right back to Nova Scotia.
Where ever the hell you came from. From hunger. Guess which ones didn't get any votes?
Last. Now let's see, I'm confused which day. Thursday from the first pool. Don't even say days anymore.
Right. Right away. The new poll is up there waiting for you, people to hit along it, okay?
The one that was supposed to be up there on the Friday afternoon. We got them all confused now.
Cock and bowl restaurant, bowl of mat. And then you believe that those are number one and two? No.
Sunrise musical theater, Eastern Airlines, Hollywood, Sport, Tori, Munoz, Pizza. I'm not going to read them all because I would take till midnight.
The dollhouse, Gracie, what's Gracie's restaurant?
Total. How could that have 13 votes? Do you think that maybe some of those might be suspect? Who the hell knows?
Kenny Rogers chicken? Duffs. That's the crowd who likes to gum their food. They like gumming it.
Hollywood Fashion Mall 11, Penrods and etc. That's on there. But anyway, from the first pool, we had 1953 votes.
Keep that in mind because it stayed on there. It stayed and it stayed. It just stayed long past its welcome was due.
Guess what I'm saying? No.
Cluckers. No votes. Sam Solomon's. No, what was Sam Solomon's? Remember? No. Vibes roast beef. A big none.
Knights of the roundtable would just before the show, George and I were reminiscing about a restaurant that we thought we weren't sure if it was King Arthur's court or Knights of the something or other.
And I think that's the one. Knights of the roundtable that are really good.
Knights of the roundtable. That was where they had a really great buffet. Had no vote. Knightsers had no vote.
Community grants had no vote. And the Tiffany diner, the poor Tiffany. No wonder they went out of business. They had no votes. Jesus Christ.
Man, doesn't that frost your ass? No. Not really. But sounds good. How about Bobbie, Maduro Stadium?
I mean, they still fit. They haven't taken it down yet. Have they? It's still physically there. And I still think the Marlins could play their this coming season. It's got more than enough capacity for the two 300 people.
It'll be there every day, including the players and the usher and usher rats and the concessions people. But nevertheless, Bobbie, Maduro Stadium. Now, what are you are you making a new list? We got one. What do you got?
I gave you two, right? What has he got on? Right now he's got nothing. What do you mean you got nothing? What was that?
What about Bobbie, Maduro? What about the one? The one? The first one? I gave you the bell to say that we were starting the new list yet. He thought you were talking about these. No, no, no. Causes. What is it? Now I tore it away. And I don't even know what the causes sports are mean a bar.
C. O. Z. apostrophe S. See what I mean about him. He was busy putting those stories in or at least pretending to be. You mean he wasn't done with that yet?
If he wouldn't take a half an hour to brush his teeth and take a bath in the sink, he'd have been done with it a long time ago. I had those done here by 7-20 this morning.
He's a little bit of a late starter, you might say. That's what Eric said. Anyway, I'm not getting back into the middle of that again. Man, you talk about a cat fight between our two computer experts.
You got Causes sports arena or whatever that was and Bobbie Maduro's them. There we go. There's two. I want to make sure we get this list right.
This is very scientific and Fred Grimmwright might write another piece in the Harold about it, but I doubt it. Hey Fred, give credit where credit is due. Okay, you're not fooling us.
You're not fooling us over here at QAM where everybody steals our crap. The top draw. 79th Street. The top draw. And that used to be I think Craig Worling's sponsor or somebody's sponsor. The top draw?
The R.A.W. You got it. Top the top draw. It was on 7-20. It says Nancy and Doug would the group, Shaking with Roby and Roberto. Whatever that is. I don't know what that means. And you know who else has gotten no votes today? The toast.
My old friend Toby. Oh, I wonder if he's still alive. Roby? Not Roby. Toby. You don't remember the toast? The toast was good. It was one of my spine sponsors 100 years ago.
The racket club on 79th Street. This is obviously somebody used to hang out in that neighborhood. The racket club. You got that? Good. Can you spell it?
The East Ocean in Hellendale. I have no idea what that is. Don't put that down. I don't know what it is. One of the best local groups 70s and 80s. I don't know what this thing is. It's a little bit too carried away.
Here's one. Fedko. Remember Fedko, Discontapartment Sturth, F-E-D-C-O, got it? F-E-D-C. Fedko. You got that already? I think he just nods his head and he doesn't just impay any attention.
You can't hear you when it's in the volume. I don't know. I don't know. Well, I'm putting it in the volume. Fedko, you got it? The audience is going to start revolting out there. They're going to start getting pissed off and fired up.
Here it says on 49th Street in Ohio. There used to be a great restaurant called My Friends. My Friends. Got it? My Friends? He's got it. Good. And how could I have forgotten this? Jesus! Man, am I slipping or what?
I must be getting old and teabrah. E-Mac and Bolleos. From those great Zaytadays. Oh, brother. Call up Stan Major, see if he remembers that. E-Mac and Bolleos. Great ice cream over there on University Drive. And what is that?
Is that Tamarack? University of what? University like by, I don't know, commercial up around in there. That's how it's Tamarack-ish. E-Mac and Bolleos. That's E-M-A-C-K and B-O-L-I. Got it? E-Mac and Bolleos. Better put ice cream. E-Mac and Bolleos ice cream.
Well, how could we have forgotten about that? Those were the great days, man. That was really something. Look at this, we got it. Now, let's get that cock and bull out of there. They're going to get de-cute. I guarantee you that. Sunrise musical theater. I still can't believe that that's closed.
Remember the big comp to Tom's we had about that here on Friday? And somebody in Carlos insisted, oh, I looked it up on their website. See, they were just being a little optimistic. That's all. Oh, yeah, coming January 1st, 2003, Elvis Presley. In concert.
There's about as much chance of him showing up this month as there is a them opening up again. None. Didn't somebody say, who the, oh, a clear channel sold it to a church? Right. Leave it to them. Okay. Leave it to the people that cheer, cheer, cheer, cheer channel.
The grave robbers at church channel that sell it to a church. The sunrise musical theater. The same people who killed music on your radio are killing music live in town.
At least they may not be good to least they're consistent about the grave robbers. Did I give you one of thoseville Sapphire's column about the FCC on our website?
Go to our website and check the stories. Okay. Do a little bit of reading. Don't just sit out there and sit back on your ass and listen for free to all the great entertainment we provide free every day. Go on neo-wanges.com and check out the great stories that Carlos works feverishly to put on there for at least 20 minutes.
956 at 560 WQAM. Boy, I just wait. How many weeks do you think this can go on? In fact, let me ask you this. How many more businesses you think can go out of business during the time when we're taking a poll? Right. Oh, we can't, it's one of those where it's hard to even keep up.
Let me ask you a question. Are you in need of car insurance? Have you gotten tickets in the past or had an accident? Do you have bad credit? Well, if you answered yes to any of these things, then here's the number to call.
1-885067283. That's the number four Florida first insurance. They have the car insurance policy plan for everybody regardless of your past record. They've got low down payments and they can get you their car insurance.
You need for as little as 35 bucks a month. Call them now, tool free at 1-885067283. Florida first insurance offers free quotes as family owned and operated with years of experience. You deserve the car insurance you need, but you need to call them now. 1-885067283. If you need home, life, health or commercial insurance, Florida first insurance can get you covered.
And right now is a special promotion stop by at any Florida first insurance location. Get a quote and you'll get two free casino cruise passes, compliments of Las Vegas style marketing, a $60 value, absolutely free. That's right, call 1-8885067283. Get a car insurance quote from Florida first insurance and get two free casino cruise passes.
So don't forget, no matter what your car history record is, you have to call 1-885067283. That's Florida first insurance for all your car insurance needs. Call them right now. Here's the number again for the West Coast. 1-885067283.
My life and love all this is 4356. You weigh in weigh in.
Don't have a penis.
Well, congratulations, get a life.
If you're so old, you no longer have any teeth in your hair. Now, there's a restaurant just for you. The Creme Cornucopia.
The Creme Cornucopia? What?
The Creme Cornucopia. It's the one place to get the one thing you can still sort of eat. And you can get it so many ways.
Stop your day with Creme Cornflakes or Creme Corncakes smothered in Creme Corn syrup.
Ben, try our daily lunch special. Creme Corn Chowder with a steaming hot gooey slice of Creme Cornbread or Dupreper Creme Corn muffins.
All close your mouth, you old bat. On this Creme Cornish game, it's what's for dinner.
Jason, let her like chicken, but more like Creme Corn.
Now, wash it down with a shot of Creme Corn Whiskey.
Smooch and Cremey and Cornie.
I for dessert, how about some strawberries and Creme Corn?
I think I'm having a Creme Cornery.
What do you want? Nothing that you want? Come to the Creme Cornucopia.
They would have loved Duff's, I'll guarantee you that.
10 out of 2 at 5.60 in every Creme, here's somebody faxes me. This CNBC bolsters a boycott threat. How do you like that?
A day without Maria Bartiromo's lips, David Fabres here and Jim Kramer's rants, that's what a group of investors tell Yahoo's stock message boards that they want.
A grassroots campaign to boycott CNBC on January 22 is taking shape across the message boards, but it doesn't look like it'll spell doom for the financial news networks ratings.
If you're turned of CNBC's biased reporting, regardless of what stock you owner follow,
plan to tune them out all day, January 22nds, and GE Management a message were tied up the bull and will not support it with our viewership reads the original message.
First posted on January 8 on the Teco Message Board, GE on CNBC, the Gambler Channel.
There doesn't appear to be any rhyme or reason behind the January 22nd date, it seems that they're just not going to take it anymore.
Crime is murderous! And all of us are going to take this anymore!
The person originating the campaign even professes to be a fan of the three stuages, which shouldn't be confused with any actual CNBC programming, Larry Curly and Mo.
CNBC had no comment on the matter, but a CNBC staver told the posters in New York Post that a boycott from stock message board posters wouldn't exactly be a bad thing.
They blame us for losing their money, maybe if they don't spend all day on message boards whining they'd learn a thing or two about investing.
Well, you're all belonging to Jailer on CNBC, I'll take that right now, I stand by what I've always said.
We're pissed off and fired up. Not that it makes any difference. Is cock and bull still getting votes on here? Not really.
That was all I was bogus over the weekend, they're getting buzzed.
Okay, here's the facts that it's going to take me at least six, seven hours to catch up on the facts from last to Thursday and Friday.
How about you do an auto? Okay, okay, what remember that vaguely you do it.
Now I'm not putting that on there. Well, met co theaters. Remember what met co theaters there. W O M E T C O that was big here.
Well, met co theaters has anybody I'll write out a mention hearties that that's interesting. Did we have hearties down here?
Now there might still be one in Miami somewhere based on what based on there always was. Hearties is good.
Hearties is good. Hearties is good. So I'm sure I couldn't be here anymore.
No, but there was like this lone hearties kind of like the royal castle syndrome.
You know what they have that's really good? Those schoom burgers. Do you ever have those? Yeah.
I like a lot of the stuff they have. I'm very serious. Hearties is very big all over the country, but here it seems like I don't know what's wrong with people here.
Maybe too much gumming the food like that last bit. Put hearties on there and then if they're still here we can cross it out.
That's H A R D E E S. Not why I'm telling you right now.
No more hearties. There's what? No more hearties. They're all gone. Hearties is gone.
I can't handle this. This is depressing. It's nothing making one to get out of town again.
We corrected. There's a hearties and candle. Cross it out.
How about how about incredible universe? That was big. Incredible. Who's incredible universe? You don't remember that? Oh yeah.
It was big. You better get wouldn't, mister. Put that down or incredible universe right after your cross out hearties.
Okay, don't spell it with a. Okay, look at this list. This list is going to take us to midnight next to Sukus.
For you people are really out of control with this. You don't know if they love it. Obviously they like living in the past and you know something why not?
The past in this town was sure a lot better than now. Oh brother. No comparison. Living in the past isn't good except here.
Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil, I got one for you. Okay. I'm sure you'll remember the home of the Oggie.
You could eat burgers, some more sweetened house. That's for last Thursday. Yeah. And the good news is that they're still around somewhere here.
It is. Yeah. I haven't seen that 20 years. Me either, but there's still. We'll find out the location.
Okay. I used to be on federal up by Oakland or. Right. Right. Right. It was one there, but I don't think that's around.
But somebody will let us know again where it's we tried that. All right. Thanks. Yeah. It's still around the food. Probably getting a little stale after all these years, but it's still here.
Shinde said that. Shinde said that, George. Let's see. Here's some additional places on the list. But I'm spilling me not be perfect.
Don't worry about your spilling, sir. Whoever faxed us to me because if you saw Carlos and Spillin, Cretzkees.
And that was one of the better ones. Then he had a lot of tabernetti. There were a lot of bad spilling on there.
Well, nobody can be perfect. Okay. He's looking at a computer job. He's doing the Yorkshire Inn gone.
Yorkshire Inn, you know, a hospital. Yorkshire Inn, the hamshire Inn. Got it.
Captains cash. A cash previously lapinas, lapinga, your tropical park racetrack. You know what that is? Nope. We're not putting that on there.
Oh, and he's got this guy's got all the ins. The Yorkshire Inn, the hamshire Inn and the Devonshire Inn across from Gulfstream Park racetrack.
Yeah. You can put that down. Devonshire, you know how spell that? The EVON Shire Inn.
Now, Black Caesar's forage. We took that off because we didn't know what it was. We never put it back on again.
Isn't this like overwhelming a little bit? I'm ready to pass out. Maybe it's from those two cupcakes. So I better go have another one.
I would like these people to want to talk to you instead of just shouting on me.
Well, you know, just relax. You've been doing that for a hundred years now.
No. The ones that just want to shout in your ear, you know what to do. Give them the old dial tone. Okay.
If you want to speak to me, give us a call. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
If you just want to speak to George, unless you're a very hot, you're looking female with a great ass, then forget about it. Right?
Right. I think I said that perfect. Black Caesar's forage. Got it. You know how to spell Caesar?
K.
El Bolero, which later became the monks in. We already got the monks in. The Asta Maniana.
Asta Maniana. How many of us had a spell that?
The Gibson girl. What is that? Oh, look at this. King Arthur's Court in I.M.E. Springs. See, King Arthur's Court, we already had on her and got no votes.
And that just pisses me off. Frost my ass. King Arthur's Court was good. I think my gardens. Remember my gardens?
Yeah, put my gardens down there just for the hell of it. Airport hangouts. The cockpit.
What about that place they used to bring us food there from Maydays? Maydays, aren't they gone? I don't know.
They're like, I always get there, but they keep changing management. They always resurface and I don't know if the name changes. I have no idea what's going on with that place.
Oh, they had good, what you call it? So, poppers. Yeah, the hell of pinko poppers.
Rani's lounge.
It's just a little gay banter. They're just relaxed, turrets. Come down. Rani's lounge. It's not just for faggots.
I know that. Stop trying to explain to me what life is all about. I've been around a long time and you think you know a little bit of something, which maybe a little bit, you know, but believe me, trust me.
You don't even see the daylight yet. The airport in. You got it? You think it goes to Treasure Island and sees a couple of boobs every week.
You don't have to go to Treasure Island and see a couple of boobs. In fact, when you walk in and look at the morning crew,
Daphne's at the Sheraton Hotel across the Luzune Road from the airport. In fact, you know, what was that one that says the Devonsory and Across from Gulf Steam Park racetrack?
We had a sponsor that across, there have been more restaurants across from Gulf Steam Park right on federal highway there.
Do you know what I'm talking about right on the other side of the road? There have been like 75,000 different restaurants over there.
And they never make it. I can't imagine why. Just because the median agent that neighborhood is death plus 50.
Boy, we got too many old people here, man. Too many old people and I'm starting to become one of them.
And I promise you when I start getting to be old, I'm going to get out of here and get on my horse and ride out of here.
And I'll drive, leave a few horse droppings for you on the way. I should say happy trails and have a great life. And that'll be it.
Huh? Sounds like it about a little less than four years to me. More like two, I think.
Hey, listen, just because they think they're going to keep me hanging around here for four more years, do you really believe I'm going to be able to put up with four more years of this?
No. And with that lead in we got now, I think four more weeks is highly questionable at this point.
Talk about a standing start. We're talking that we started in a minus column. We old points when we start.
Jesus Christ and Joseph and Saul and Mary, God, less than a three on a sports station, men 2554 during the dolphin season.
If that comes true, if we find that out, in fact, Muff probably won't want to give us the real numbers to be too embarrassed.
Of course, he's doing a lot of research on it, show us during this weekend.
It's 11 past 10 at 560 WQM. Kick off the new year with a great gift for your back because if you're not getting a good night's sleep every night, your back will tighten.
You wake up every day going, feeling like crap.
Dallermat versus the answer to your night sleep problem or daytime sleep, or whatever it is. Call 1-800-Mat versus and Dallermat versus will have you sleeping like a baby tonight and all year long and for years to come.
That's what I do. That's what George did. Even the lovely Miguel did that.
Like I said, he's getting so much action now. He can't even show up here today and maybe because Doreen was chasing him around and on her guilty birthday.
Dallermat versus the top manufacturers in the world, they got silly, certice and king coil in every size and style.
Are there any more cupcakes out there, by the way?
When you call 1-800-Mat versus to speak with a bedding consult, who knows their stuff inside and out, and they'll recommend exactly the bed for you and your back in the way you like to sleep.
Like extra firm, extra soft, extra big, extra small.
And when you order your back frist from Dallermat versus they got exactly the one you want in stock, no bait and swish like those bedding and department stores.
And you get to choose the date and time when they deliver it to you and believe me, they pride themselves under 99% on time record, which is just one out of 50,000 reasons why they rank first overall for customer satisfaction.
So do like we do here at QM, the smart thing, and it's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do. Get an unbeatable deal on a great name brand, Mattress, by one easy phone call 1-800-Mat versus 1-800-MAT.
And you get a PTRES for the best in the universe at Dallermatress.
My life, and look all, this is 430560, you way you way.
God!
Next time on an all new episode of Joe Millionaire.
It's not that I like money, but I really like money.
Well, I'm not just all about the money, I like a guy with money.
Wait a minute, we have to compete for a guy to get to the money.
Hi ladies, I'm Joe, I'm in heaven.
I mean Mr. Wallace, I mean, I'll start again.
So what was it like when you found out you inherited all that money?
Well, it was like, you know, in the, you know, the painting of the dogs playing poker.
It was like that, I guess, kind of.
Look at how tall he is.
And rich.
I like money.
You know what a guy with long pants means, super pockets for more money?
Stop looking at my money.
That's my money bitch.
Stop pulling my hair.
Quit it.
Don't list the baser side of women with an all new Joe Millionaire.
Wow.
This stuff that you just run in for me here.
And insisted that you eat.
Well, I just went out there to look around and see what's always left.
Because Moe was such a sour pus.
Yo, yo, yo, let's rape, hold, read, yo, big shot.
Oh, that's my request.
That's how we pass the time away in the gay old jail.
Oh, oh.
Oh, somebody wants to hear the whole bit.
They never heard the whole thing.
Well, we'll do it momentarily when we get around to it.
The whole bit, terribly.
Momentarily.
Here's one that says,
Neil, don't forget about the drive-ins.
There was the North Day drive-in at Northwest 27th Avenue, 170th Street.
So anyway, hard ease.
You can put it on there, okay?
Because the word is that just don't spell it with a...
Why?
It's H-A-R-D-E-E apostrophe S.
Got it?
Good.
Good going there.
So should we do these drive-ins?
Why not?
Why not?
The North Day drive-in,
Tropic-Handed Drive-in, Biscayne 135th Street,
and the Arrow Drive-in at 441 Sterling Road.
Thanks, Paul.
Have a great day.
Let's see Sir Pizza.
But, guess what?
We're in a mistake.
It's too late now.
Oh, Sir Pizza on a one-hats on it right now?
Today?
See, the problem with this is that I said...
What did I say?
Now, your witness, I told Carlos on Friday.
I said, split these up and we'll do one of these today.
Split them like in half or even in thirds,
and we'll do the other ones Monday and Tuesday.
Isn't that what I said?
I don't remember that part that.
Schmuck.
You spicks all stick together, don't you?
It's a birth of a feather spick together.
But anyway, so he puts the whole thing in,
which in the air said to me, he didn't ask.
He said, what do you want me to divide him up?
I said, now put him on.
You only probably be now that if you look to find one,
oh jeez, I got about two thirds of the way down,
and then we fresh again.
It's refreshing, and it is on the list.
Wild.
Well, what I'm trying to say is that there's one in Ankeba's game.
There's a Sir Pizza.
It's on today's list.
Oh, there is right there.
It's got two votes.
And that's the amazing part of it.
We put stuff on, and it's still open, and they're getting votes.
I don't want to say we got a few pusses out there,
but you know what?
I think we got a few pusses in this audience.
A few schmucks, a few shmackles.
There were two other ones that we had on there
that I had a call them and haven't taken off of there.
That are still in binis.
So Sir Pizza, sorry about that Eric,
because I realize it's going to make you drop
that fantastic holiday chocolate lace
that you're eating right now.
Anyway, this chocolate lace, a crisp lacy-empted inner chocolate.
And what it says, crisp lacy patterns of caramelized sugar
cover with a rich dark chocolate.
Wow.
It says, Niels Bludger must be at least 800 now, you think?
Oh, man, after those two cupcakes,
actually all I had done was picked up one more cupcake.
It's like I had like crispy cream dough,
and it's you can't eat only two.
You have to have three.
But then I looked at the box and I thought,
what's in the box?
You know, I'm inquisitive.
Right.
And look at that.
Have you ever seen anything like that before?
This is real, it's a tag-in-ish.
Yeah.
It's real a tag-in-ish.
Well, the ring brought it in.
Thanks a lot, Doreen, you're making me sick.
More so than usual.
I think that came from the basket.
You know something I take back.
Everything I've ever said about her.
I like Doreen as it right now.
Despite of McGill bitching about her chasing her on the building.
Hey, I've tried to chase him around the building too.
He just moves too fast.
Always said he'd do me before her.
But anyway, what are you laughing about?
You know it's true.
He's a human, that's why it's fun.
But no, seriously, I take back because she was,
that was a very amusing line.
It was a true story.
She told me this morning about Moby and a real prick.
Even Doreen can't stand your sorry,
so stale, egotistical act, okay?
You silly old cout.
Wouldn't eat the cupcake because it was brought here
for Gildy's birthday and not specifically for him.
Isn't that said?
Isn't that pathetic?
Didn't bother me.
I didn't even ask who they for.
If somebody puts food out on that table,
see in the upstairs lobby,
what I guess we'd call our lobby here,
whatever you'd call it,
out in the hallway,
the foyer,
and the foyer, the anti-route.
The anti-Christ.
We got a table sitting out there
by between where muffsits and between clearance,
which you notice we haven't seen clearance in a long time.
Have you seen clearance?
Not lately.
Not lately.
I think he's gone into hiding.
Maybe we made him the scapegoat for all that business.
But anyway,
so that table sits there
and ordinarily any stuff that comes in
that people, you know,
is more food than anybody else can eat.
They just shove it out there
and anybody that walks by,
they're entitled to it, right?
Right.
They grab a little bit.
It's usually the white works.
So anyway, there's a crispiness.
Can you hear him?
Can you hear him?
There we go.
I'm a nice sugar, huh?
Man.
What sugar?
You're a 2000.
Oh!
Don't you, in fact,
that's what I should have done,
has brought my little machine in.
Yeah.
Who we could watch it?
Yeah.
We could graph it.
And when it goes like...
Like that, then you know,
it comes and scrape me off the floor.
I call the ambulance now
or wait till 11.
What's the big deal with this?
Okay.
And you think I'm going to eat like a lot of this?
Plus the two cupcakes?
Yeah.
Well, the two cupcakes are already good.
They're already like,
they're adjusting.
They're fermenting.
But I'm talking about this.
Look at how much is in here.
There's like layers and layers of this in here.
Look at that.
Oh!
Oh no!
And it's like lace.
It's called chocolate lace,
because that's what it looks like.
They're like in layers.
And let's talk the lace.
Caramelized sugar,
with a rich dark chocolate coating.
You're going to die up there.
Oh!
Man, it's that cold.
What?
Oh, I kind of knew diet now.
I'm just going to need a lot of crap before noon
and then I won't eat the rest of the day.
Until I get home.
And then at the track.
Right.
And then the way home.
In fact, I'm going to have dessert at the track
and I just do a piss off at rich.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi.
I was wondering if you remember this restaurant
called Brave Bowl Laca Rita.
I beg your pardon?
It was across the street from Playpen.
How do you spell that?
The Brave Bowl.
And then the Laca Rita was upstairs,
which was the gourmet.
Downstairs was just the...
The Gagormay?
The Gagormay?
Um, aged beef.
But the Laca Rita upstairs was like...
Laca Rita?
Laca Rita.
And the bottom part was called Brave Bowl
and it was the same owner of C Watch.
I see.
I worked there in 77.
And the other thing I wanted to tell him...
Well wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
You're going too fast for a...
Don't be carlo, Senator.
Brave Bowl.
You got that?
And Laca Rita?
Yeah.
He's got it.
And also, um, the church didn't buy the stadium
or cult did, Jehovah Witness.
They bought the Sunrise Theater and also West Palm Beach Arena.
Oh!
All right, well, I have a good day, Neon.
You too, thanks for the bad news.
Thanks, boss.
See ya.
Boy, the audience loves this, you know what?
We even had a lady there on Solicited.
Topless car wash across from where it causes was.
It says, if you don't believe me, ask the mad dog.
What do you say, mad dog?
How the hell we're gonna ask the mad dog?
Okay, he's not in here to one.
Everybody's working today, by the way.
Mad dog's in one.
Hank is at the Super Bowl out there all week long in San Diego.
It was another one of his tough assignments.
But he's got a short show today because of that the hockey game we got to save.
Hey, mad dog.
Was there a...
A...
Okay, thank you.
It says, you still have a curtain drawn around the car and the girls.
They used to hand wash the cars topless.
They used to give you a hand job, topless.
And what about all those bikini girls selling hot dogs?
Well, that wasn't a business, okay?
Although a lot of people do miss that.
I was there business, but it said, I think they were causing a lot of accident.
Oh, this is Jumping Jerry again.
It's out of control, okay?
Give it a rest, Jumping Jerry.
Your maniac.
K-pop tree and we already have Magic Market that's MAJIC.
Are they gone?
Okay, I don't know.
So the good news is that hard...
I mean, the bad news is that Hardee's is gone.
Good that we can put it on the list.
So Hardee's is damn good.
I don't care what anybody says.
Hardee's is like light years better than burglar king.
I'll guarantee you that.
Much, much better than McDonald's.
Oh, man.
I noticed that Rudy's has got some votes on here.
Is that on today's?
It was that I'm last, I can't keep track.
I don't even know where to go.
That was on the first one.
That was on the first one.
Rudy's Surlund Burgers.
That was a damn good place.
And straight.
Then again, so was Wavs.
And I really like the fact that you could build your own burger.
Because who trusts these other people?
They always do it wrong.
I'm looking to see where to help Rudy's was.
It had some.
There was one in Pembroke Pines, I know.
It was one.
It was one right on this game by like 81st Street.
When we worked at Iodine, when you would turn the corner there to go up toward the 95.
And there would be.
I don't, I don't see.
Are you sure it was on the thing on Thursday?
Are you sure?
I know we were talking about it on Thursday.
Well, until I actually put my thumb on it here.
Look at that.
David's hot dogs had a pair.
The very end village Miss Spell had two.
Mr. Cody Arlenle had 14.
And we have some people in this audience who survived eating there.
Boy, was that a schmutzie place.
What am I looking for?
Rudy's.
There it is, 13 votes.
See, it was lucky for us, but unlucky for them and other out of business.
Rudy's was damn good.
I guess maybe it was like a little too pricey.
Maybe it was more expensive than the other fast food joints.
Because Rudy's was damn good.
What's wrong with you people out there?
They bring you a good product here like Hardies and you people like Spurnett.
You avoid it like the plague, like the bubonic plague.
Here's a call from Sunrise.
Hi, hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
There are three places that I remember.
Do you remember Rudy's?
I remember Rudy's.
But I remember about Marina Bay at 84.95.
Did we do Marina Bay?
I think we already did that.
You did, okay.
Yeah.
And the brick yard was a late night lounge that when everybody else closed, they went there.
Because it had a four o'clock license, a commercial boulevard.
Okay.
But the main one was where Wayne Cochran was in his prime as a rock and roll singer.
Who was the barn on 79th Street Causeway?
Got it.
Carl is the barn.
That was a good day.
And you too, thanks.
Good barn.
Wayne Cochran.
Remember Wayne Cochran?
Are you sure?
Yes!
You just bug out, okay.
What I'm going to do is I'm just going to take this one piece of clothing and close this up.
Because if I eat too much of this, I will die before the show ends and it probably wouldn't be a good idea.
Because we don't trust having you on today.
See, I could have taken today off.
Today is illegal holiday.
But I noticed that nobody did take it off.
I started to mention, hang on three to four thirty, then we got the Shico Panther preview from four thirty to five.
Panther's host, they Montreal Canadians, the frogs, with Sakukuovo and the lovely Josie Theodore.
At five o'clock we got the game going.
Anybody going to be there?
I would be their acceptance attract night.
And Marty Havelet, the lovely Czechoslovakian Canadian Webber to hell used.
Marty Havelet won't be there till Wednesday when the Red Hot best in the illegal Ottawa Senators come in.
So we got the Panther Canadian Game at five.
Some of you Panther fans better show up there.
Probably a lot of people don't realize it's a five o'clock start.
Be there, please.
We got the UM against Yukon on Waxi 790.
That game is seven o'clock because we can't care what.
When you give them a look like that.
Anybody care about UM basketball?
No.
Eddie K930 on the G.A. show and then we got Joe and Mark overnight.
That's the schedule.
Then in the morning we're hoping that you'll lend a helping hand to our good close personal friend, the Mole Meister,
whose numbers are bad.
They're bad.
Don't we would monitor, extend a hand of not friendship, but something.
Throw a number.
I've been begging him for almost a year now.
Throw a number in there one month, okay?
To give us a little bit of hope.
Well, some people were trying to torpedo his show since they forgot about that.
If he weren't sandwiched in between two non-sports shows.
Hmm, sandwich.
Sandwich sounds good, but I'll stick with my chocolate lace. Thank you.
Although a sandwich of that sounds good.
Look.
You could put a slice of that in between two other slices.
Nor like you could like take that cupcake and squash it and put it between two slices of that one sounds good.
27.
27 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Hey guys, within a year in full swing.
Now's the time to act on a new high paying career.
Fast train is holding a free career seminar this Tuesday evening tomorrow.
And it's Kendall, Miami for Lauderdale and Pepperpines locations.
It's a free seminar called 1-866 Fast Train to Reserve Your Seat.
That's 1-866 Fast Train.
Make 2003 theodate you're in a high paying computer job.
If you're overworked under paid or nay, suck whole job go in no place.
This could be the most important 50 minutes of your life.
Fast train can have your certified ready for your dream job.
And just for short months.
Call fast train tool free at 1-866 Fast Train.
You know why it says suck whole on the copy?
Why?
Time's rec-wrote it.
Fast trains got convenient to evening.
We can classes for you.
Call 1-866 Fast Train to Reserve Your Seat for tomorrow evening.
For directions to the fast train earth by you just go to fast train.com
and you'll be on your way to a new high paying computer career.
Fast train softwaters leader in computer training.
Five and a local.
This is five cities.
The rain is all yours.
How do you win?
There's a butt ass smellin'.
Do do do do do do.
And that's why I think the jet will have a jet-bean ship season.
And where did I tell you?
You don't talk till I say you can talk.
This is the beast.
I said shut up.
That's old.
That you're like a father to me.
You don't talk till I'm done talking.
When I'm done talking, then you talk.
Okay, I'll-
I mean, come here.
Come here.
I want you to meet a friend of mine.
Mr. Golf Club.
Why are you order to-
I've got to show you the business and the list.
Come here.
This court sentences you to 20 years in Oz.
Would you win, folks?
I don't a tear off my mattress.
Looks like we'll be a bunk mate, sir.
The name's Mohalad David.
Starrer's stage screen of Theradite.
What's yours?
Niko Mikofev.
Hmm, you got so pan.
I thank you.
Hey, you get out of here.
So proud of you.
I'm gonna make you my woman.
Hey, nobody wants to laugh at you.
God, God, God!
Who got you?
Pinkie.
God, shower, Tom.
He got ten minutes.
Well, it was to be safe and easy.
Yo, both of you.
Yo, man.
Pinkie, Laura.
I knew it in the blau, but that.
It's so pretty.
Okay.
Call the powers to me like that.
You know who I am?
No, come on, then.
Then don't pick it up now.
Call me a blood man.
All right.
But I expect a print in the apology I might.
That's what that broom had, a book that I...
A little broom had.
I'll pick the broom.
I'll pick the broom.
I'll pick the broom.
The warden will see you now.
Thanks.
Well, Mr. David.
Hello, Warren.
Don't.
Jack.
Jack ordered.
How can it help you?
Oh, you see more than here.
I keep getting raped.
It's a...
Joe is a vat of shame.
Joe, look into it right away.
Thanks a lot.
It's about time.
Somebody.
It is out.
Drop your pass.
I said drop your pass.
This was odds.
Oh, favors don't come to you.
Yo, yo, yo.
Let's rape, oh.
Radio big shot.
That's how we pass the time away.
In the gay old jail of art.
That's 33 at 560 WQM.
Some of these people may have to have waxy build up in their ears.
What about art donuts with the tapest waitresses?
Didn't I just get through sand at like only seconds ago?
Seconds.
Only like milliseconds ago I smell that.
Yeah.
I'm trying to run off this damn thing on here, but it's not coming out yet.
The tree house lounge, your rock and roll club on West Dixie Highway at the daybrower line.
Tree house lounge, remember that?
Nope.
I don't need to put it on there.
Tree house lounge, got it?
Oh, this is going to take about 18 pages of facts.
I'm just trying to print this thing out.
I can read it.
What's your favorite self-load of business that's no longer around today?
It's part two, and I'll be part three.
And then I think that'll be enough of this, right?
Okay.
Until Wednesday.
What?
Well, I don't know this.
This is, they love this.
In fact, here's the facts from Dr. Dave, who says,
I just looked over the pool.
I've been here since 83 and many on the list are blinds from the past.
It's a blast, baby.
Yeah, we got a blast for you.
My blood sugar is 1700, by the way.
The room is spinning around, spinning around like a goddamn dreidel.
Like I'm on a merry-go-round.
See, I think that's a great idea.
What happens is that you go home and you take a nap.
Your blood sugar gets up to about like 600,
and then it starts precipitously going down when you eat nothing like for hours.
And it goes down to like about 60.
Okay.
And that's called hypoglycemia, and you wind up with like just the opposite.
And then every time you go to get up, you're like pat your faint.
You know you hop on the floor.
You get woozy.
Yeah, you pass out.
And then after that, you wind up with a diabetic coma.
But what a way to go.
Let's see, it says there's a redundancy on the list.
See what I'm saying?
A sentimental favorite for me, the round table, is part owned by my grandfather,
is on the list twice.
Twice, Carlos.
Ha-ha, man, you have to up, baby.
I can't imagine.
There's only like about 4,000 in the thames on here.
How could you do that?
He says it is there is one word round table,
and then correctly further down the list.
Well, maybe some people had a round table like in your living room.
I don't know, maybe that was the first one.
The round table, uh, correctly.
Now, okay, so let's see about that.
Dr. David, he says, he says at the end, glad to help him.
Thank you for the great trip down Amnesia Lane.
Yeah, this is good and all you young punks out there to say,
oh, are we going to all about any of these places?
Well, guess what?
You might learn something here today that this used to be a pretty damn good place.
Used to be.
And now if you're a young punk, what tell you to do and hear?
That's a obvious question.
What in God's name are you doing here?
Working.
What?
You're not a young punk.
You're getting older.
Look at the gray here.
You got more gray here than the Ancho Mama.
Look at that.
You got more gray further down the mo ahead before last ones fell out.
Before we put those nasty muskrats on there.
Here we go.
I told you it would take 6,000 pages because the shmackle in there put all of them on one day.
Didn't I say we'll split these up?
Didn't I say that on Friday?
I know I said it.
He doesn't remember that far back.
He doesn't remember that far back because you keep giving them too many drugs.
Or selling whatever I'm in his case giving.
It couldn't possibly be selling with him.
What's your favorite sub-lord of business that's all over?
This is part two of my write about that.
I don't know.
I'm serious after reading the two cupcakes in that nice long sheet of chocolate.
I don't even know what building I'm in much less what planet.
How could you allow me to do that?
Isn't it his fault?
Yes, he carls to the zero fault.
You're supposed to be in charge here.
That's what Greg always says.
That's why I won't give you any credit for a decent summer book.
And beating the crap out of the other day parts in the summertime by a million miles.
I think the other like have a goddamn statue that George out there in front of the building.
He held up our end.
Just like the big monument we're building to Brian Sears in front of Pompat O'Park.
And Bruce Ranger ain't too happy about it, which is why I won seven on Saturday.
Nice going, Air Brucey.
Cock and bulls got 46.
Do you believe it?
No.
Sunrise musical theater, which we do believe is moving up fast 42.
Eastern Airlines 38.
My God!
Eastern Airlines is gone, of course.
I used to fly to Hawaii on Eastern all the time.
All the time.
I know, swear.
But I mean, I love the Eastern Airlines.
I was a good airline.
What happened?
It happened.
Crap happened.
Bola mad.
Do we know what the Bola mad is?
I think it's another one who's in bogus.
That was going up there with a cock and bull over the weekend.
Are you cocking me, me, chroniced over there in a weekend?
Well, have nothing better to do than dittle with the near-roger's website.
Bapapapa, all weekend long.
Cock and bull and Bola mad.
I wonder which part of that first one they liked the best.
Hollywood's four-ditorium 24.
Uno's Pizza 22.
Dilehouse 18.
Aria Code 305.
15.
What was that?
I remember somebody calling in about it.
Yeah, I forgot all of it.
It was a joint.
It wasn't like on a phone.
It was like a joint.
Penrod's 14.
Gracie's Restaurant 13.
Hollywood Fashion Mall.
The 18-member club Kenny Rogers chicken and Kranda Park's two- each-head-tweld.
It'll take me to four in a morning to read all of these because you put them all on one list-do-idiot.
Which is a good idea.
Miami Hollywood Speedway J.J.'s diner summers on a beach.
You go a ballroom and DUFFS!
DUFFS!
Cad 11.
How do you like that?
Where do you use to gum their food?
DUFF.
Get off this instant.
Artstock's play pen and quay in our donuts and they could topless donut shop and k-pock tree and head-eat.
Now, whatever happened, what was the final resolution with our donuts with the anaked donut shop?
I think it was them up?
Yeah, they went-well, no.
They just-they went belly-up?
Yeah, that's not real.
La Tabernetta.
Which George hates like poison because they used to bring me that great food and they wouldn't give him squat, man.
Carolyn wouldn't give him the sweat-offer artist.
Good, good for you, Carolyn.
Good second, okay?
What does he know about I tried in food?
I know.
That was a great place.
I know watching you eat.
That was a great place.
Yeah, and I enjoyed it.
I had to have the audience sit there and watch.
Mutiny had seven unicorn villas.
Another one of my great sponsors had seven.
That'll teach them to bring me too much of that brown rice stuff.
Remember that?
I would know.
The wild rice.
Yeah.
Candy Store Seven.
Who sang in Larry's Six, Firehouse Four Six, My Pie Head Six, Berger Chef Head Six, or some people say Berger Chef.
Don't you hate people that say the pronounce-like Chicago?
It's not Chicago.
It's Chicago, you idiots.
Yes, I hate that.
Berger Chef.
Oh!
Did I mention about David Horro?
Not on the air.
Oh.
I'm not-I'm not really sure what his last name is.
I thought that was the guy who ran a car over himself and he was there at Pablo Barbaro.
I thought I saw the ghost of the Toad back there because I'd been toad that he got run over.
And every once in a while, right next to Dick Feinberg, I said, oh my god, it's the Toad is back.
The Toad!
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
One thing about those racetrack people, man, you can't keep them away even after they die they come back.
You know that?
Maybe we'll see Ernie from Calder becoming back.
I love Ernie.
Anybody out there remember Ernie?
I bet we have some.
You talk about racetrack characters.
He was even better than Lester Greenshirt.
Remember Lester?
And his diner?
Now what were you saying the other day about Lester's diner who were not going to be an answer about you going to give him one more chance?
Yeah, we went there one time and it was atrocious from the smell of the joint.
Really?
Taste and texture of the food.
Ah!
It was an abortion.
Now I'm trying to think which one is Lester's?
You know where else there was a very famous diner?
Biscane and 78th round of near what?
That was the name of that one.
Like right south from where the playboy was talking on the one side and the pussycat on the other side what?
I don't know where you're talking about but I have no-
The Biscane diner I think.
Wow, how revolutionary.
You think that's still there?
No.
You know, it can't be.
Now, how come that's the analyst?
Maybe it was.
I don't know.
We've only got like 45 pages and the ones from the pool today.
I can't imagine why people can't figure it out.
And we probably have like 6,000 of them here that don't even have a vote yet.
Like Cresquis which still ain't spelled right?
God damn it, Eric!
I thought it was Carlos with the dumb one.
You're both idiots.
He's got Cresquis with a K.
It's not Wayne Cresquis, okay?
K-R-S-E-S.
How do you spell Cresquis?
Well, the G.
Not with a second K.
Cresquis five and dime.
Well, I'll tell you, when you deal with Goyama.
We are sports radio five-six-
U-A-M.
302-G.
New from the makers of Elastra.
It's a fan substitute designed for sex offenders, introducing Malastra.
Malastra works in a molecular level to induce gut-wrenching diarrhea,
whenever they have the urge to act on their sick fantasies.
Hey, mister.
Would you like to buy a rabble ticket so my scout troop can go camping this summer?
Well, well, well.
Don't you look so handsome in your uniform?
Why don't you come inside while I get my wallet?
Would you like to see my cat?
But, mister, it's...
Oh, sorry.
I can't help you.
Hi.
I got a...
Sorry, kitty.
Malastra, the latest weapon in the battle against pedophile
and other assorted sexual deans.
It's 13 before 11 at 5.60 W.Q.
We got the Mad Dog of one, Hank briefly from San Diego,
where the bucks will take on a raider's neck Sunday in a Super Bowl.
Hank's going to be out there all week long doing a show.
And abbreviate a Hank Goldberg show because we got the hockey game today.
Oh!
Anybody interested?
Here's the alert.
Now, where the hell did Carlos go?
He's put...
And what are you eating now, a bagel?
With cream cheese.
What is wrong with us here today?
Because the food...
There's a food pusher.
That damn food pusher I brought all the food in this morning.
Man.
What is wrong with her?
Doreen McQueen.
Shoveling all that food down to her, Geldys Bertha.
He don't even speak to us.
You know something?
If I was him, I wouldn't put my head in here either.
A little backstabbing twerp.
So George Corso called this squeaky voice?
George Corso said what?
He called and sent Carlos on a mission in the control room and...
To do what?
I don't know.
Having to do with this show?
I have my doubts about that.
Probably not.
Oh!
Now, what was the mission you were just on?
What did George Corso have you doing there?
Now, I want to hear about it now.
What is it?
We can't what?
It's a big secret.
What does that mean?
It's a big secret.
What did you do to the show?
What did you do?
What did you just leave for?
I can't tell you.
Get out of here.
I'll tell you during the break.
Okay, do it.
I'll break.
Okay.
Anyway, you're ready.
You got your pen again.
I don't care what you're doing.
I just want to make sure you're right these down.
So we don't have another major pull fart like we had over the weekend.
Your audience is so damn confused out there.
What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around?
This is bigger than Goddamn Mary Tyler, more than $6 million dollar man, and...
Oh, Jay.
That's how big this whole deal is.
Everybody in town is talking about this.
So how do you spell Cresguise?
K-R-E-S-G-E, a positive F-S.
Cresguise.
Now with two K's, okay?
If he puts one more K in there, they're gonna be knocking down his door pretty soon, especially on this day.
Don't be putting too many K's in there, you idiot, especially up there in Orlando.
Okay.
Okay?
Just this one time, one time I'll let you ask me about my business.
Okay?
Cock and bowl restaurant's got $50.
Now do you think that's possibly for real?
I have no idea.
Is real?
Oh, and by the way, the guy keeps faxing me about Israel and the Arabs get out and get lost.
Go do your own show.
Read this.
Talk about this.
No.
No.
We're having a good time here.
I'm not gonna get bogged down inside track with a bunch of crap that everybody already knows there's nothing we can do about.
The Jews and the Arabs and the Arabs and the Jews.
Oh, and guess who else stole material from me?
Dave Hyde.
Where is that?
Talk about Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
Who are you sports writers and other phones in this town kidding, huh?
Where else that sports say, yeah, avoid the rush, get the hype early, rights Dave Hyde.
He says, well, let's see what we have here.
We have John against Al and elegance, John, John and Al, Alan, John, John, Al, Al, John.
Where do you think he got that from, huh?
Oh my God, Dave Hyde.
Shame on you, shame on you.
And they never give any credit to us to this station.
I even forget about me.
Even to this radio station for stealing our crap, you know what?
Uh, Jimmy and Danny, uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Yeah, right.
Man, what a bunch of bog and guess who's got another column blog on network TV shows from Hollywood?
Tom Jicke.
Who's totally out of touch with anything that's going on here?
El Torrito, Mexican restaurant in Canteen, and we put that on there yet.
El Torrito with the tea.
And don't put Doritos on there, okay?
El Torrito.
Bogie's barn at the Pomato Golf Course.
Remember Bogie's barn?
Me neither.
B-O-G-E-Y.
You know, Bogie is in Don't Bogie that joint, my friend, which I still say that the young punk's out there
with no Humphrey Bogart from Uranus.
Which you think that that's such a popular song?
Remember we did the pull on the bits?
How could we forget?
Right.
And that did very, very poorly and you were very surprised.
Don't vulgar, Bogart that joint.
You think that's big because it's a pot song.
You think that every pot song is going to be big, but the problem is, huh?
Humphrey Bogart died what about 100 years ago?
Nevertheless.
Nevertheless what?
His name lives on.
That term lives on.
No, it does not.
Trust me.
Maybe in your house, maybe with your drug-induced crowd.
How's your drug-induced crowd?
Then Amsterdam and Toronto and Crown Rocking Lounge in Candolacense is here.
Crown Rocking Lounge.
Put it down, okay?
Let's have 50,000 names on these poles.
All right?
Get this audience so screwed around they won't have time to leave the house.
You can't get into too much trouble that way.
Stoodabakers.
Oh, and now that was in the town of Country Mall.
Wasn't stewedabakers like that oldies, uh, like, right?
Like an American graffiti kind of place?
Yeah, okay.
Oldie, they got to definitely spell wrong here.
S-T-U-D-E-E-K-E-R-S stewedabakers, you got it already?
How, how, I just read it.
How can you have it there already?
He's making this up.
What did you tell him in a hallway?
Zips sporting goods not to be confused with Zips.
He's ice cream.
Now, don't put down Zips sporting or that.
We can't put down every business that's ever going down a bit.
See, let me read the poll again.
What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around?
How can you have a list of, that's like saying,
one of the 50 best Italian restaurants in town, you know?
Here's one of the top 6,000 restaurants in South Florida.
Lums.
And from what I'm hearing, it's not anymore.
Don't go to the one of it.
Well, Tropic Air Fleet Market.
Bird Road in the Pum under Expressway.
You got Tropic Air Fleet Market.
Charcoal Steakhouse.
Did we already do Charcoal's?
Because if we didn't, I can't imagine why.
Did we do it?
He's going to write it down in the back.
Oh, write it down because Kendall and Miami Lake Charcoal's was very good.
The Oregon Grindr.
Come and grind your organ at the Oregon Grindr.
What it is, I don't know.
I guess you think maybe like a sub place, they don't call them grinders here.
Like they do in New England.
No.
Grinders, hoggies.
God, let's see.
You left out the following former business.
Yeah, I left a lot of them out.
Okay, Don.
Just relax, Don.
You left these out.
Like we're going to get them all.
There's probably, let's see, Tyler's restaurant in Crowley Gables.
Got that Tyler's restaurant?
Got it.
Got it.
Probably Stevie's place.
Stevie Tyler.
Now, what were you saying about him on Friday that he was ugly?
Miri go round in Crowley Gables.
Miri go round.
That's M-E-R-R-Y.
Well, he's likely to put M-A-R-Y.
Wholesome's restaurant, we know about the wholesome bakery, but wholesome restaurant?
Never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
Yorkshire Inn on Bergrored, I think we did that.
And we did that.
Did that Don?
You wrong, Don?
Hey, Don.
Varsity and in Crowley Gables.
The barn we just did.
And we just put the barn on there and said, the answer, we just put it on there, Don.
Varsity Inn.
How about Varsity Drive in East Lansing, Michigan?
With that little old lady, you stand at the front.
Varsity and in Crowley Gables.
Huh?
I talked about that.
Yes.
They used to deliver to the dorms, pizza and footlongs and footlongs and pizzas and cherry coaks, real cherry coaks.
Mmm.
How come I want cherry coaks?
I'll have to go.
That would be a good way to wash down at Chakra.
I had this mori on the cupcakes.
That's a nice, real, real, real sweet cherry coke where the cherry syrup is like still swirling in sail.
I'm talking about.
Oh, God, yeah.
Yeah.
Where it's so sickeningly sweet that you could just about go to a diabetic coma just from the first sip.
Oh, thanks.
I think I'm starting my brain back.
It's, it's swimming a little bit.
I should have brought my thing in this morning.
I should have my blood sugar right on here.
Oh, it's 900.
To Sir with Love on 79th Street, did we get that?
To Sir with Love, I heard it was a Lulu of a place.
Bill and Ted, you of him, Bill and Ted's, I heard it was excellent.
But a real adventure.
They're making these things up when I have no idea.
I don't either.
So let's put them down.
Okay.
And if they get a few, but look, worst comes the worst they can get no votes.
There's a lot of damn good places today.
So far, if you could see how many places have no votes, you'd, you'd crap.
Nick and Arthur's no votes.
Toby's cafeteria no votes.
Cresgui's no votes.
If we spelled her by a mug.
Rocky Graziannis has no votes.
You know something.
I'm ready to have a revolution over them.
So pissed off.
That was a good place.
Okay.
I take my word for it.
It's been a long gone.
130th, fifth and Biscayne Boulevard.
And then I think it became the C-Shandy or some place like that.
Rocky Graziannis was excellent.
Eighth there many, many a time.
But you punks out there.
What do you know?
Okay.
What the hell do they know?
Santa Croci restaurant and Carl Gables.
Santa Croci.
How about Jim Croci?
Got it down.
Santa Croci.
C-R-O-C-E.
As in crotch.
Morties in North Miami.
Morties.
Netloas bar in South Miami.
Okay.
There you go, Don.
And Carl is writing down whatever he feels like.
What's going on?
We're putting that on there.
Any TLOW apostrophe S.
Netloas.
Get it right.
Whew.
It's not.
It's just barely 11 o'clock already.
And I'm ready to pass out from this.
I could use it now.
You could use an app.
How about me now?
You could use a spoon.
No, I could use like one of those gigantic pillows.
One of those life-sized pillows.
Just to pass out on the corner here.
For a couple of hours to get my blood sugar down under 7 or 800.
You'd drool a lot when you were in a diabetic coma.
I'm not drooling.
Okay.
Oh, yeah, I am drooling.
Look at that.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Gell.
Yes, sir.
Hey, there's a sneaky pizza.
You used to be across from Gulfstream.
I think we did that.
Then we do that sneaky pizza.
Are we done it?
How about going to Georgia?
I mean, am I right about across from Gulfstream?
That place has been about 10,000 different joints.
It has been all kinds of restaurants.
And Lady Butterfly Chinese restaurant.
Oh, sir, you hit the jackpot.
Lady Butterfly was sensational.
Jackie Gleason, you should come in here about once a month with his entourage.
That was a people place.
That was where my favorite restaurants in the history of this town.
Thank you so much.
Alrighty.
Have a great day.
You got it, Lady Butterfly?
Oh, did you ever eat there?
I don't know when the hell that place disappeared.
Where are you?
Lady Butterfly was like in South AIDS somewhere.
I don't know.
Oh, man.
Was that good?
Was that good?
If it was good enough for Jackie Gleason and old fat Neal,
they must have been pretty damn good.
Man, was that good?
Haven't heard that name in a long, long time, okay?
Since before Yosuke was a baby.
Pomfano Park is open for live harness racing tonight and four nights a week.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.
Brian Sears is on fire.
Bruce Ranger, those trying to catch up because Bruce's egos get a little wounded there.
First post, I'm 7.15 p.m.
Free General Parking, Free Clubhouse, and Grand Stand Admission every afternoon evening.
And of course, if it's Monday like tonight, there must be some Monday madness going on,
and there is.
Every Monday like tonight, Pomfano offers two for $25 full course dinner specials
at their lavish top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor.
Didn't include salads, choice of entry specials, potato veggie dessert, and iced tea.
And tonight, Monday, January 20 is Martin Luther King night.
There will be a special race in his honor featuring only African American drivers.
Plus, there will be a special memorial race honoring former Pomfano Park driving champion,
Lou Williams, who was the greatest black-traded driver in his sport of harness racing.
Lou Williams, he was sensational.
Remember Lou Williams, George?
Oh, with those dark blue silks, he was great.
Why not come up for an evening at Greyhors Racing Action,
where you can come out from the rail, treat yourself to a private box seat on the fourth floor,
or enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot fudge Sunday, or four or five of them, or slice a roast alistair pizza.
And every Wednesday at Pomfano Park is a dollar night, you can get yourself a draft beer, hot dog soda,
large pretzel or popcorn for just a bucket piece.
There's also a great all you can eat buffet on the fourth floor players line for just 10.95 per person every racey night.
Pomfano Park, as always, offers complete full-carre-tzimal casting every day,
seven days a week starting in noon featuring a high-line harness-durbard racing action
from all over North America, including Woodvine and Mohawk,
up there with the best drivers in the world like Randy Wapel's, Chris Christoff,
Rue, Tony Kerwood, Mike Staptick, and all the others.
Pomfano Park on Powerline Road, a block south of the Atlantic Boulevard,
don't forget live racing 7.15 p.m. tonight.
I'm a Mr. Blenderbass.
Yes!
If you're not busy, I'd like to talk to you about a race.
Get out of my office, you repugnant B-brain!
Yes, sir, yes, right away.
Are you a chicken? I'm milk toast? A gutless whim.
Get a bold new image with mean cuisine dinners from slaughterhouse kitchens.
What's the beginner, Alice?
New mean cuisine's chicken with guts and barbed wire pie.
I'm gonna put some hair on your sorry chest.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Try all our mean cuisine favorites black and blue fish.
Crushed goat flour and new teige and cajonis stew.
Just listen to this former whimpen, satisfied customer.
Then chow and down at that mean cuisine.
Love that battered turkey with mountain oysters.
It's good, it's good.
Now I got the stones to kick Clintons, Mesre, Boba,
and try our new cream to squash them tortured clams.
Mean cuisine.
Okay, just take one of these crankfacts is off here.
If you find it so boring, go get a life, okay?
Go play par cheese with yourself.
Par hands is spelled wrong on your list as Doris Par hand from Par hands restaurant.
And I'm looking on there, Par hands has one vote.
I can't imagine you voted Doris.
Anyway, we spelled it right.
We have pH-AR, something.
Ah, here we go.
Here comes the lunatic again on a rampage.
You got pH, I'm Eric, got it spelled wrong.
P-A-R-H-A-M, okay?
He's got pH.
You did it, you did it, Carlos.
Larry's All-American restaurant was in homes that on US1 voted best diner
and Newtimes 1998.
Larry's All-American restaurant.
Got it?
Good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, just relax, okay?
Just eddies and just stuff and a thing over there.
Burger giant, I'm powered by Boulevard.
Burger giant, remember that?
No, I don't either.
But you can write them down, write down whatever you feel like it.
Do-E's all you can eat, can't fish.
Car circus?
What?
I know do-E's.
Yeah, they were all right.
Well, congratulations.
Like Jennifer says, get a life.
Car circus, cypress plasma and pompadon.
What is cypress plasma?
What is that?
Total.
Brothers 3.
Oh, now wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
What was the pizza joint on 441, like in Laudahill?
Brothers, brothers, sisters, yeah, there was a brothers.
Brothers 2, was that what the name of it was?
Somebody will let us know.
That's long gone.
That was an excellent place.
You know what I'm talking about?
I know what you're talking about.
441 between like Broward and Summrise.
Brothers 2 or something like that.
That was a damn good place.
Kings?
Kings what?
Queens?
Spaghetti factory.
Now, wasn't it the old spaghetti factory?
Total.
See, if you people are going to send us these lists because there's only 7,260,000
Minuses here, at least try to get the names right, okay?
Or Doris is going to be pretty pissed off and fired up since she voted for her own place.
Thank you Doris.
Crackers in Miami Lakes.
And that's about what I'm going now.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach, ho.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I have no restaurants for you.
When I got some information, I just heard on another radio station by Zeta, Casher Nova.
Yeah.
He was at, he just said this, it amazed me, he said this.
But he was talking about your ratings last week.
You were going over the QAM ratings and how the show's at low ratings.
Well, he said that, first of all, people should know when it's past their time and when they should get off the air, referring, and he specifically said your name.
Yeah.
And then he said, how come we had higher numbers than he had?
Check this out.
This is what blew me away.
And he said, and make sure you don't crawl him.
He's not your Pimp.
I couldn't believe it.
What does that mean?
I guess he's referring to, if the station was to go under and you were looking for a job, don't call him.
No, that's what this is.
This is supposed to be his payback for myself.
Well, you know something, that's what happens to you, Paul, when you keep sucking around here looking for a job.
Oh, there's no talent.
I can't believe that.
Well, don't do it again.
Don't listen to that crap again, okay?
Now I understand.
In the beginning, I didn't understand what he was talking about.
Yeah, he's turning it around.
Ah, he's trying to turn it around.
Listen, let me tell you again, okay, I don't make stories up like some people I know who claim that they ran into me
to saw Gress Mills Mall in a moment of maybe too much jungle juicer, some too many acid trips.
But the fact of the matter is that here's a guy that was calling PD Lenny Desperate, hovering over poor mode there in the morning, hovering over him like a, like a vulture,
because it maybe is contracted, cheap channel maybe, expiring soon or something like that, or already has.
Trying to get the morning show, but he, which is, I don't know how many times, at least twice, and I think probably more than that,
that he's been sucking around to come over here.
We don't want you on WQAM, okay, Paul, under any circumstances, that's been made very perfectly clear to me.
My people in much higher positions of authority than yours truly.
So you can make up, you try to turn around all you want.
In addition to which, if we're so over to Hill, how come we're the only number one show on his cessation, and our number is so much damn bigger than yours, huh?
Mine's bigger than yours, Paul, okay, and the ratings too.
Loser?
In addition to which, how come we're not using his material, and it's the other way around in these, even this summer, steal material from Gers.
How do you like that?
Talk about reaching it all time low.
I already was spent about half of the summer talking about Dwight Lauderdale's ass, he couldn't even get it right.
He couldn't even get it eating ass.
Get it right if you're gonna steal it.
Schmuck.
Brother.
In addition to which, oh, that's right, he probably would like me to retire, that he can try to go for mid days over here too.
He'd like us all to retire, maybe then, desk out of desperation, they might put him on here, I still doubt it.
We'd put Ron Hershey highway back on here before we put him on his cessation.
Wow.
At least that show had a number there last year.
You were going this time?
Had a big number.
Just out of comedy relief, I guess, it was Carolyn and Gildi and Ron Hershey highway, and anybody else who was running them down the hall, they could get in there.
Don't forget to start the show.
D-Fo?
I'm talking about after D-Fo.
Don't be taking on D-Fo, okay, now don't be taking on poor D-Fo.
He'll throw that ankle bracelet right at you if you don't watch him.
I never saw him at the hockey game.
He was over there somewhere.
Tropical roller rinks.
Paul Castor and Oba.
Oh my god, it's enough to make you weak at the knees.
Hey, he's not your Pimp.
What does that mean?
Remember, because you were saying, hey, I'm not your Pimp.
You were responding to it to Pete's things, so I'm saying that about you.
I see.
Well, what about what I have to do with him?
I'm not looking for a job over there.
Although I will say this when I was on in Zayden in the morning, Mr. Hiveshot.
I sure had a lot bigger numbers than you got.
Much bigger.
Gigantic, number one in demographics that have been invented yet.
Like miniature Chinese people were number one.
That's right.
Is there any other kind?
No.
Ukrainian midgets were number one.
Oh, but he talks a big game, and it's all because you keep talking about him all the time.
Paul and young Ron.
Every time I turn around, you're always saying, what's wrong with young Ron?
Let's see, Rochester's hot dogs is closed over on the knav.
George, there's the bad news.
Isn't it?
Oh, that place.
I guess I can throw those menus out.
That's bad, man.
Why are you dancing on their grave?
They were so nice to us.
Even when we didn't want them to be.
Even when we didn't want them to be.
Remember that day that Wayne Arnold showed up with all the White House?
And then somebody comes in here.
Oh, there's a whole bunch of White House stuff from, you know, that'll teach them, I guess.
This, I bet you there's 50 million businesses on this list.
Thanks very much, by the way, Sir, for that spy report.
Because I'll tell you one thing, if there's anybody I would, I'd rather have the onstanders be my pin.
At least he's got money.
And the suits and the yellow cat legs to go along with it, I guarantee you that.
Paul and young Ron.
Oh, good.
God.
Ten minutes after 11 and 560 WQA, how many days are over the New Year's here in time to lose some weight?
Don't follow my example.
Listen and shoveling chocolate and brownies and stuff down your throat.
What was the other one?
Oh, cupcakes.
Get off your lazy ass and call a balance for life and start losing weight the real way.
And we're going to save the beast life.
This is our one last try.
You do understand that, don't you?
This is it for him.
This is your last reprieve.
Okay, I'm not going to be your diet temp anymore.
Okay, beast man.
This is the end of that.
We got the black sack coming back again.
And if you're one of those fat people out there which there are millions and millions, most of us fat, disgusting.
And not just look real bad and really pull it like a beast's love, but also very bad for your health.
Balance for life answers all your problems because even the dumbest of the dumb don't have to worry about counting calories or counting.
Carbohydrates or anything other stuff because there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no counting.
Just great results.
And your little black sack every day, there's plenty of food to keep you full all day long.
And it's all fresh and delicious.
Great stuff.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks delivered right to your doorstep and work at home wherever you want by 6 a.m. every day.
How can you beat it?
It's all based on the principles of the zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears, which is a very complex and difficult diet to follow.
But that's the best part of it is because you don't have to follow anything.
They do all the work for you.
And they cook up fantastic fresh delicious meals.
They let you choose between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program.
So do like the beast.
Now the beast lost about 60 pounds.
He gained back 15 when he went off the sack.
And now we got him back on the sack.
So the choices is he can either follow the program where he can be a sack for the rest of his life.
A big fact, ugly, unhealthy sack.
Call today and check out Balance For Life because this could be the answer to you and your fat problems.
Call 954-568-3229.
That's 954-568-3229 or visit their website if you like it.
BalanceForLife.com.
My, my and local, your sports radio, 560-6 UAM!
Eat that gator meat.
I am Martha Stewart.
And this is Martha Stewart living.
It is important for all of us not to take for granted our US citizenship.
Today, I'd like to suggest to use some of my tips for becoming an active, involved citizen.
When you want something from a government official, it is considered customary to bribe local
officials with $500, state officials with $1000 to $10,000, and federal officials with $50,000
and above.
If you live in Vermont, you may want to think about NOT writing in the name Ben and Jerry
on election ballots.
It's been done a million times and is not really funny.
A good way to learn about your local community's zoning laws is to open a sex shop on your
front lawn.
This has been your minute with Martha.
Join me every day for tips on how to improve your home and surroundings on Martha Stewart
Living.
We'll see you soon.
We hope not.
116-560-WQM-KC says can people with AOL vote on the pool yet?
I doubt it.
Sure, one per neighborhood.
Yeah, one per neighborhood.
So in other words, what's going to happen if you live in an AOL area where you can't
get on because everybody else in your neighborhood is just move or get a real web service.
Here's Kasey says can people with AOL vote and if not, I want to cast for the young Brella.
Young Brella.
And we're going to have to go again now.
He had an emergency.
He had an emergency like that kind.
What is wrong with the two of you this morning, Matt?
It's not even 1130 in between the two of you.
Do you craft more than less than neighborhood?
He has to troubleshoot a client's computer.
He was supposed to be leaving, but he's going to stay and take care of it over the phone.
I got it.
I got the thing as long as you talk slow.
Young Brella with the Y.
Y U M.
Yeah, but you write so guy named Slow.
It's going to be noon before we get done here.
I also missed traffic here driving and swapped me.
They used to be located bird road and pomada with expressway.
He says Kasey.
Thanks, Kasey.
We got it.
You got it?
That was earlier.
Good.
Here's another one.
A list of 600 different ones.
Tropical roller rinks.
I think we got that already.
Old plantation barbecue.
Don't have that.
Well, this isn't a question whether George heard of it or not.
Get it down.
You're just making excuse.
You didn't have to write it down while he's doing his emergency.
Goodness.
Yogi bears honey fried chicken.
Barnaby's pizza cut in squares.
Remember Barnaby's pizza?
No.
Neither do I.
Poly Davis cafeteria.
I remember that.
Where the hell was that?
Was that on Biscayn at about 150 something?
Poly Davis cafeteria.
100 and a something.
There was nobody alive to eat there under the age of 400.
Folly's International Strip Club.
You ought to know that.
Big Fanny, Annie, you used to do her thing there.
Folly's International Strip Club.
Got it?
Yep.
The Treasury Department stood.
Did we do the Treasury already?
See you aren't going to know, but he'll know because he wrote these down.
Right.
I'm not going to know.
JB, a while when he gets back, he can the critique it.
JB Hunter Department Store, never heard of it.
Palm Spring Lane's bowling alley.
Dipper Dan.
The sport rooms and putt putt.
Oh, God.
It's enough to make you just want to pass out.
It'd be a good day to unplug that fax and see that.
Yeah, sure.
How about Andy Town?
It says.
How about it?
Andy Town was a place.
Where the hell was Andy Town?
Remember that?
No.
Tudis Italian Restaurant on Les Yun and US1.
Tudis.
Tudis.
Tudis.
Tudis.
TTI apostrophe.
They got it definitely spelled wrong here.
Okay?
Tudis, like everything, everyone, all of it.
All is crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How is the one from Motivate?
I see this is definitely bogus and they just won't stop.
They won't stop potsking your money on our poll.
There isn't a Chinaman's chance in hell if the cock and bull is legitimately number one.
I think it's going to get zapped.
Yes, may I could be wrong.
What's your favorite soft-load of business that's no longer around cock and bull 57, of which
about 40, at least are bogus?
Sunrise musical theater 47, Eastern Airlines 44, Bollamat 43, which is also very dubious.
Hollywood sportatorium 28, UNO's pizza 25, the dollhouse 20, Penrod's 19,
Area Code 305 in Crandon Park, zoo 15, a piece, Gracie's restaurant 14, etc.
Even Duff says, so team.
What's wrong with a place where they have you in the nice little glass you put your teeth in there?
And if you order more than $3 worth of food they give you like little pollen to put in there?
Huh?
What a place that was.
Everything was mushy.
Everything in a whole goddamn place was like mush.
Here's a call from Orlando.
Orlando, hello.
Oh, that place was horrible.
It was.
Oh, God.
Hey, Neil, I can't believe somebody has it mentioned unless they have a bid down there.
I'm 10 years younger than you, but I remember a lot.
How about Chi-Chi's?
Were they down there?
Chi-Chi's?
Yeah, they were Mexican like Dom Pablo's, a nationwide thing.
Needs me.
I know they were in Tampa and they were here by Zoom.
In Orlando?
Yeah, but yeah, don't assume anything.
Okay, we still don't have crystal here yet, either.
Oh, well, we used to have royal jabs.
We used to have one of those.
I missed them.
How much of you got hearties up there?
We sure do.
Well, we sure don't.
And who know, too?
Yeah, we haven't got crap.
But I remember J.M. feels from last week when some guy called.
Did they have Miller's department store down there?
No.
No.
That was back in the 60s.
That was life.
Oh, I can't believe it.
You just inspired me.
You gave me a great idea.
Next week what we'll do is we'll do names of stores from all around the rest of the country
that never were here, but we wish that they were.
We've talked about Cresky.
You know what they later became, right?
Came on.
Yes, sir.
How about World War?
Beats me.
How about WOLCO?
Remember WOLCO?
No.
Well, they were department store too.
And Southeast Bank.
Southeast Bank is gone?
Yeah, they became poor union, remember?
Well, everything became something else.
Okay, thanks a lot.
You're killing me.
Let's see, how about these airlines, Air Florida?
Oh, Air Florida.
We should almost then do we?
Don't remember them.
They like that crazy clone.
No, always the one that was the crazy clone.
A crash in the Everglades.
That was a, oh, Vanyu jet.
They have, but they became something else.
Air Florida.
People express and national airline.
Well, national airlines went to chapter something, but they're not completely gone yet.
Okay, now here's the one.
I wasn't even close.
Aren't you always embarrassed when you come out?
You think you have the name for something and you're not even close?
No, that really.
Did I say brother something in plantation?
Three guys from Italy.
It was, it was just put down three guys, three guys, pizza.
That was on, and well, says plantation.
I guess that's like between plantation and lot of here.
There was one at like, at least if it's the one I'm thinking about,
between 441, Broward and Sunrise.
Then it says here, University driving back in McDonald's
near the whole food market.
That's a different one.
Oh, God.
Everybody's out of business.
How the hell are we still here?
You know what?
And like Catherine Overs says, it's time to say bye-bye.
I didn't know he was leaving.
What's his last show?
I might tune in.
56670560, £560 on the AT&T Infraurizing Wireless Lens.
See, that's a pretty lame comeback, Paul, which we'd expect from you.
Why don't you fast up?
Why don't you admit even it would be bad for business and for your future career and paychecks
to admit that you were sucking around heavy duty for a job over here?
And then you put that little tour PD lending up to be in your pimp coming to me,
call me in Toronto.
Oh, gee, you know, what do you think about it?
I don't play that game, okay?
No matter how anxious certain other people may be around here, no matter what their names are,
I don't play that game.
We do 10 to 9, whatever it is, now 9 to 1.
That's it.
Period.
Trying to get me and pulling a joy Reynolds there, trying to get me to go to management here.
Oh, gee, wouldn't it be great to have Catherine Ovon and the more?
How the hell is he fit on this radio station?
How does he fit in here with a shoe hoard?
Who the hell are you kidding, huh?
Well, that's Stale Act of yours.
Even young Rods getting pretty disgusted with it.
Here's Timberpine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a couple for you.
Go ahead.
Dan Daub.
Had it.
Had it been there, done that.
How's that easier?
What is it?
That one too.
Thank you.
There's a couple that we had on list.
Is he like gone now?
Did he just leave?
He'll be back.
He's on the phone.
He's on the phone with whom?
A client.
You don't think he actually pays rent with the money he makes here?
Part time, do you?
He had an appointment today.
He's bailing out of it.
That's what he's doing.
So that he can stay and finish this.
He didn't think we were going to be doing this today.
Don't ask me why.
What do you mean by that?
He didn't think we were going to do this.
So in other words, he's going to be here when he feels like it kind of?
No, he just, this is a holiday and he didn't think we were going to be doing this thing.
Oh, my God.
Remember, Pudgy's Fried Chicken next to a public's unclear over there.
Pudgy's.
No, but put that down.
I guess.
P-U-D-G-Y-Pods vs.
Pudgy's Fried Chicken.
Next to public's on Navhilan Cleary.
Says the best.
Well, there is ice cream over there.
It was very good too.
Wasn't the best.
It was damn good.
I think White Mountain Creamery had a vote on here last time I checked,
which was my White Mountain ice cream.
We have a list of that.
Because nobody remembers the name.
And that's pretty embarrassing that it only had one vote.
Yeah, now it's got two now.
White Mountain ice cream.
For the life of me, I just can't figure it out.
Maybe some, I've tried.
Been through that.
I'm not going to do it again.
My worst of time.
White is that ice cream places.
Of all the places in the world, I can understand Alaska.
I can understand the North Pole.
I can understand like in Maine, in the North, I'm in Asoda.
White ice cream joints have a hard time staying in business because it's a hundred below zero.
Most of the year, no, it's joints.
But down here where it's like most of the year, about 80% of the year,
it's 100 degrees plus the humidity isn't enough to make you pass out.
And ice cream places here drop like flies.
Why do you think that is?
You think it's because more and more people like Biden and Jerry's,
you think that could be it?
China, in Pembroke pines, China, China into pines.
I never heard of it.
Routies and betties, blue sky.
I never heard of any of these.
OK.
If nobody ever heard of them, forget about it.
How do your ideal come out?
How do your drug deal come out there, Acropolis?
Oh, look at this.
I already got some there.
Now, how do we do with Mike Gordon's?
I already had that.
And when I look on here, I see some of the ones that have no votes.
And I realize Carlos screwed up and Eric and me
by putting all of these in one list.
But my God, what a list.
To see the ones that have no votes, like, uh...
I don't see any that have no votes.
It's a big deal.
Now, wait a minute.
John's ice cream wasn't that the one that was J-A-H-N-S?
I've had several people say that.
And I told him how to spell it.
Now he's got a J-O-H-N-S.
Come on, Eric.
Will you get with it and put the damn hot punch Sunday?
I hate it when he gets his hot fudge all over the damn computer
and a guy named Keyboard like that.
You can almost smell it.
J-A-H-N-S ice cream.
John's.
Or is that something different?
I don't know.
I'll tell you one thing.
Of all the pools we have ever done,
I think these could be the most ambitious and most obnoxious.
The round table has no votes.
The toast still has no votes.
Would somebody please vote for the toast, please?
It'll make me feel so much better.
I realize that's quite some time ago.
Okay, and a lot of us old folks remember those good old days.
They had great food, man.
They had great onion soup.
Of all these restaurants,
I keep thinking back to that great onion soup.
You know, with the real...
Just melted, whosing cheese.
That's one of the best things that Burns' take house, too.
Rest in peace.
The onion soup with the oozing melted cheese.
Mmm.
27 past 11 at 5.
560 WDQAM.
Hey, let me tell you right now about Delights.
For you people who are getting sick and tired of us talking about all this food,
and you're getting hungry,
and you still want to lose the weight.
Here's a store where we sell just the usual meat and cheese and cheese and meat.
You can get some different things for your rankings and low carb diets.
Because the entire store was dedicated to you.
They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products to put a little novelty in your weight losing efforts.
This week tried their new enchantment, low carb cookies.
They come in six delicious flavors,
and they're only one to two carbs per cookie.
You'll be in snack heaven.
PD Lenny, by the way, says that Paul Castro knows as an asshole.
So whether it's carb or not ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces,
the Elias of Westboke is the place you're going to love shopping.
You can sample before you buy.
They have a staff that knows their crap inside and out.
They're open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10,
and they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products.
They're always 25% off all day every day.
But now you've heard reports where the studies that show that Atkins really works for a lot of people.
So head for the number one low carb sugar restore in the world, the Elias of Westboke.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Or call them tool free, 1-877 Low Carb, or on the web lowcarb.com.
Don't forget this is an entire store devoted to you and your weight loss needs.
The Elias of Westboke, your official Atkins retail center.
My, and look all, this is 420560.
Get in and stick it.
What's the matter, pal?
Prozac not working.
Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore.
Are you unable to cope?
Then you need to talk to your doctor about new Fuggaidol.
It was coming for the holidays.
Fuggaidol.
Was writing you again.
Fuggaidol.
Wife being a pain in the ass.
Fuggaidol.
Fuggaidol has been prescribed in Europe for years.
And thanks to a loophole in FDA regulations is now available in the good ol' U.S. of A.
Patients using Fuggaidol should be aware of the following side effects.
Oil-edish charge, spontaneous air loss, genitals shrinking, hysterical blindness, kidney stones, unsightly nail fungus, rectilbleting and worms.
So, when the pressures of everyday life get you down.
I need this on my desk by seven o'clock!
The test came back positive.
I'm pregnant.
Honey!
Just reach for that little blue bottle and say, Fuggaidol.
What, sure, it warms my heart to watch the way that George is teaching Carlos the ropes in here just showed him how to put that new encourage into the ballpoint pen?
Keybroke.
I'm very important.
And I was lending him my key extractor, my broken key extractor.
His keybroke?
Let's see, his cell phone broke, which is why we can't reach him on a cell phone.
Now, his keybroke, which is why he won't be able to get into wherever and hell he's going.
And generally speaking, he's just broke.
Well, we know that.
Well, that's heeching to work here.
Now, one thing we also got a salute George for, which we can't say a lot, but be it on the summer and putting up with a crab because you know what happens during the summer that's happening today?
What?
Only in the summer it happens every day?
The pucks?
They're out of school.
Yeah.
So, now we've got the cock and bull in the bull amat, which the pucks were busy with on the weekend when he discovered that the bull was up and nobody else knew about it.
And they're just, ta, ta, ta, ta, ta, ta, you know, they're just, they're just didlerwanner computers again.
We have a little clock.
This is a very serious neurosis in America man, is computer punks.
We need to have a computer punk jail, where we round them up and we do the ultimate penalty and that is not allowed them anywhere near a computer.
Like in Gitmo, they can stay one of those cages out in the sun.
Did you say Gitmo for your money?
Cock and bull 61, bogus, bull amat 52.
We're going to throw those two right out.
Sunrise musical theater 48.
What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around?
Don't worry now, you people are getting like Felix Pondress.
We're not going to do this more than another one, two or three months.
I mean, it'd be a lot more productive to talk about the fact that aliens, daddies, now a big politician in Cuba and got elected without any opposition, which is the easiest way to do it.
And that very elephant won't resign and everybody's saying, oh, you better not let the maker resign or else we'll show you what foe.
But what's the point? What are we going to do? We're going to change anything here?
First thought, absolutely not.
We consider talking about Paul Castronov and his stale old stool material from other shows. Are we going to do that?
No.
Sure.
Sunrise musical theater 48. He's doing it on his 45. Hollywood's 4 to 2nd 29.
And by the way, you're still not getting no job here, Paul.
Uno's pizza 25, the dollhouse 24.
Penrod's 19, Crandon Park Zoo 16, every year, code 305-15, Gracies Restaurant 14, which I still have no idea what that is.
Don't you remember somebody called about that? Don't you remember what Gracies was?
No.
I can't imagine why we only had what, 40, 50,000 different places called in, Thursday and Friday.
You better start paying a little bit more attention.
What?
Where am I?
Myami Hollywood Speedway 14, Hollywood Fashion Mall 13, our donut set was the top of donut joint.
Had 12, 18th-Ever Club 12th, Kenny Rogers Chicken 12, Agora Ballroom, and Sumner's Underbeat, she'd had it each had a dozen.
And the K-pop tree in head 10.
Who's song in Larry's 9?
Artstock's Playpen 9.
Wobbs only had 8.
Wobbs only had 8.
Whew, man.
It's enough to frost your ass, isn't it?
Oh, here you go. The bakery center, sunset and red road. Get the got that down.
The bakery center, you remember that?
That was supposed to be a big deal, wasn't it?
I love all these new things that come along.
Oh, this is going to be like the Omni. You know, that was going to be a big deal.
And then all the drug money dried up.
Stopthorough business list.
Pumper next we got.
Laugh, see, why do you people do this? We got all of those.
These, them.
Neighbors? Did we have neighbors on there?
Don't recall.
Jim?
Did you have neighbors on there?
I don't think we have neighbors. That's E-I-G-H. Got neighbors?
Neighbors was kind of like the ranch house, one of those kind of like, yeah.
Kind of a joint.
And you know what else doesn't have any votes, which I've perused the 75,000 from Friday that have no votes yet?
Copper penny. Copper penny was good.
You don't think?
I don't remember.
Like I have already had the copper penny.
You know something I bet you did.
You just don't remember.
I might have.
As a child. Copper penny was good.
I can't stand this. This has got all the same stuff we already got on there.
I can't believe it. It just wears me out.
When it's out, I feel like I'm worn out.
From you people, I just, you're not paying attention.
You're supposed to be writing these down and making your own list.
Keep it up with it. No, seriously, if they want to participate, at least give us a half a chance.
Something new, something different.
Not the same old crap that we already got on here.
Look at this. The topless donut shop.
I just got through Santa.
What is wrong with this, Tom?
Man, it's stale.
Hey, how about that?
Can't you smell it?
Don't touch.
Are donuts?
Let's see. Here's one long gun.
How about Raymond's steakhouse?
The best steak in Hasbro, Potatoes and the world.
I remember Raymond's. Do you remember Raymond's?
No.
Raymond's steakhouse. North Miami Beach, this game boulevard.
Get that down. It's R-A-Y-M-O-N-D.
The apostrophe, yes. Raymond's steakhouse. I'm spilling it up.
So you didn't think you were going to be here today. Is that Mr. Hotshot?
You had an appointment with what?
Oh, he thought he was going to leave.
Get a drug deal, Tom.
You thought you were going to leave it 11? The show goes till 1.
Now, let me ask you, are you getting paid for these hours or not?
Oh, you are getting paid for these hours, but he thought he was going to leave it 11.
Fuck, guess what? I'll see you. I'm leaving now. How do you like that?
Oh, wait for me.
I got a whole new deal. Yeah. It's your origin. I have both leaving.
We got a whole new deal. We're just getting paid for the whole four hours, but you know,
with the mood strikes, this one we got something better to do, like, you know,
drive up a down a Hershey highway. We're gone. We're out of here.
He's hourly, so if he left it 11, that's when it would have stopped.
Oh, brother, how can anybody in your position afford to be right knocked two big hours
at a buck 75 an hour, huh?
You must have some real big deal going on here. I would say that we don't know about carloughs.
I can't let it know about it.
Yeah. Because you don't want you cutting in on the action.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Just enough to wet my beak.
You know, oh, you want a piece? A piece for the...
That was a great scene where they're on the roof in Havana.
Oh, that's a great scene.
Oh, yeah.
Heim and Roth. Who had it and push him over the edge?
We find it. That was a bad acting job if I say so myself.
What that was his name that had the Agley Strasberg.
Yeah. See how quick I am today, huh?
I didn't ask.
And they... they filmed that scene in Hallendale,
which a lot of people think that Mairlansky lived on the beach,
which he did in his later days walking his dog on Collins Avenue.
Oh, and also, where the hell was I reading it?
I already schmitcanned it.
In that column by Fred Grimm,
we're talking about the Playboy Club that we lost in the 80s.
And he says there was the first one outside Chicago when he talks about the one on Biscayne Boulevard.
Let me say it again like we discussed there on Friday, Fred Grimm.
The first Playboy Club was over there on Collins Avenue,
one of those big condo joints.
And then they moved to 20 for to Biscayne and whatever that was.
What was it about Edieff?
I don't know.
Whatever that was, 78.
So get it right, okay?
Fred, if you're gonna write a bunch of stuff in the paper,
don't be acting like Barry Jackass.
You already got one clown in your newspaper.
Put something in there that might be correct.
The first Playboy Club was over in the beach,
back in the days when Jackie Gleason was doing a show on Miami Beach.
Remember those days? No.
No. I do.
I do. That's when this place was like a live man.
When we had living and breathing people except isn't it ironic?
The greatest irony of this town is that the living and breathing people today
are all on South Beach, at least in Dave County,
where it used to be nothing but the old dead people.
Now, remember that. Now we've reversed it.
Now we've reversed it.
The living and breathing are down to our own South Beach
and all the rest of the town is dead.
We turned it completely around.
So we've taken about 10 blocks.
We put the people who are alive down to our own South Beach.
And now the whole rest of the town is like,
oh, exactly like that.
I say we go back to the old days is what I say.
Take all those people put them down there in the ACLFs
and out there in their little rocking chairs staring at Collins Avenue.
That walk in their dog, Myrlandseg,
and bring them back to walk his duog.
He was a wonderful man.
The hotels here are, you know, that kind of stuff.
And then the rest of the town we can bring back spring break,
bring back some living and breathing people
and get all these old parts and send up to like Delaware or somewhere.
Anywhere.
Send them up to Massachusetts, someplace like that.
Get them the hell out of here.
All these old blue hairs, these miserable nasty, hateful, rotten, horrible, driving idiots.
That's warm in Texas.
Yeah, it's nice and warm.
Oh, it's not.
It is not warm in Texas.
You see the temperatures there were like 25 and Houston this weekend?
I thought they were always hot.
And you have any idea how cold it is in Toronto
and like upstate New York right now?
I got a clue.
Yeah.
Like below zero, Fahrenheit.
Brutal.
Nice call of Neil.
Oh!
Good timing.
19 till noon at 5.60 W.C.O.
If your carpets look and smell like crap, here's the answer for you.
Start out the new year by doing yourself a big favor
and having your carpets made just like brand new.
It's like somebody comes into your home and weighs a magic wand.
But actually how it works is our friends from dry concepts come in
and they use their exclusive pat and the dry cleaning method
to suck out the deepest dirt in your carpets,
way down into fibers, that you can't see hopefully with an naked eye.
But man, when they leave, your carpets look and feel like brand new.
They smell em and they fresh their dry in a couple of hours
and you'll say this is like a miracle right on my floor.
So instead of spending a fortune to replace your carpeting
with expensive brand new, just have your old carpets look and smell
and feel just like brand new with dry concepts.
I've been using them in my house for about 150 years.
And everybody else I know with the brand uses dry concepts
to all of my relatives which gives you a hell of an idea.
Even the rumors use dry concepts.
How do you like that?
They even pay for it, Georgia.
You may as they're what?
And of course as far as the prices concern,
they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
So when they get finished, there's no bad surprises, no rip-offs,
no add-ons, just a big smile on your purse
with these stupendous job every time.
And they also have an unbeatable job of cleaning your car,
a poultry and leather furniture and all the other good stuff too.
If you have a problem with pet orders and milder orders,
they'll take care of it for you.
So if you want the best job in the world of the guaranteed fair price every time,
call these folks because they'll do a stupendous job for you.
Dry concepts, call them tool free from any place at 1-800-248-5070.
Or just log out of their website at dryconcepts.com.
That's 1-800-248-5070.
Clean today, entertain tonight.
Not just their slogan, it's their business at dry concepts.
My and local, this is 42560,
UA-2A.
Hang this up, baby.
I'm holding grab, cause I'm party at this party party.
I'm holding grab, cause I'm party at this party party.
Someone at this party, yeah, they farted all night.
Everybody's pension on their nostrils, you'll find.
Must have overloaded on the spicy peeing dip.
Didn't have no courtesy, so they let them wear it.
Dancing music, silence, shuffling, one deadly poo.
Now this living room is counted like an old chicken coop.
I'm holding grab, cause I'm party at this party party.
I'm holding grab, cause I'm party at this party party.
Party, poop, and version said it up to the sleeve.
We timed it, so the music had the drum on the beat.
Everyone around me here is wearing a grin.
Things that it's real funny when someone's breaking wind.
I guess just people like to say that I just described.
And this mallorn, this rollin' is bringing tears to my eyes.
I'm holding grab, cause I'm party at this party party.
Oh man, and we got a situation going on here today or what?
Yeah, whoo!
Heavy duty.
I think it's best just to leave it that way.
We got George running around trying to break into engineering for a reason
that we don't want to discuss on here.
Just because there's a little door emergency there.
And then we got the facts machine just jammed.
And I'll Carlos to sit in there.
So what are we going to do?
You're going to be able to write and sit there with that thing on at the same time?
Yeah, I'm not blonde.
And George just came back into blonde.
So I just jammed up the facts machine.
I just yanked the paper out of there, but it's still like jammed up.
I don't think on these holidays where we're going to work again.
I think this is the last day on this show.
Never again.
Woohoo!
Did you get in there?
Yeah.
Hey, if anybody in the audience wants a place broken into,
just so you know that was two locks, the regular door lock,
and then the dead door lock.
Anybody else who got any bagels to be accompanied by a lock, George can pick them.
And I'm grinning.
Let me see if I can do this again, okay?
Now that you're back, I think they should work now.
Okay.
Let's see if it's going to work.
The Ludway bar, Ludlum Road and Crowway, am I me, remember that?
No.
No.
Now is anybody going to write these down?
I'm going to hell that he go.
I have to get the door open.
Now he's got to go in there and do whatever it was.
Oh no!
It's called doing your self radio boys and girls.
I think we ought to just sign off.
And if we were to hear, let's play the national anthem and sign off.
The Ludway bar, and Lester's bar, not to be confused with Lester's dime,
that you were so a little bit negative about before,
Lester's bar, Federal Highway and Fort Lauderdale, South of the Sears,
down across from the War Memorial.
Let me ask you, is Freddy's anchor bar still open?
I bet it is.
And Fort Lauderdale or on St. Louis de D4?
I mean, St. Louis de D4 and the A1A, around the corner.
Never heard of it.
You never heard of Freddy's anchor bar?
That's right, I forgot.
You're stuck there in Hollywood.
The painted horse, 69 cents for all the...
I see.
I thought it said that before.
I thought it said for all the kids you can eat.
It said 69 cents for kids all you can eat.
And 99 cents for no...
painted horse we already did?
It's come up.
I don't know if we actually wrote it down on it.
It said too many to count all our missed by us old folks,
as Leslie.
Wow, we're all old folks, Leslie.
And guess what, Neil?
Fix the fast machine.
What a great job.
If you could see what I had in there like there, my fault.
Because I tried to pull the paper out while one was jamming through there.
Goes to show it's real good experience by being up there in Toronto
and having my own do it yourself, studio.
Real good.
Here's one from Bob and Cooper City, who says I'm a long time listener and big fan.
I was born and raised in Pittsburgh and always listened to KDK.
Often, you speak of the all-time greatest baseball announcer Bob Prince,
which you were absolutely correct.
And occasionally, you mentioned Ed and Wendy King.
They're still dead, by the way, Bob.
But I never heard you mention Reach Courtic.
Yes, I did did a morning show, some of the years from many years with Sileris.
Are you familiar with them?
Yes, I am Bob and Cooper City, and thank you so much.
That's not the same Bob from Cooper City that we used to know.
And I love to went to whatever the school I was, Piper High.
Oh, man.
This has been a...
I don't give a crap.
How many people say this is boring and it's ponderous?
This has been quite an exercise, you know what?
An exercise in frutility.
Is today that day where you play all the bits at noon?
No.
But it probably should be.
Now, look, I got everything under control.
Now, we got all things.
Now, it's very sad though that this radio station,
just a one-day holiday here, it's not like Christmas where we went through like days and days
if nobody be in here.
And like, everything's coming unglued in this building today.
Did he explain what the issue is?
Specific.
Kind of sort of, yeah.
If we don't fix this business, we're locked in here.
What do you mean by that?
Everyone in the building, we can't get out unless they...
Unless we resolve this, what he's off doing right now.
That's why I had to break in there.
That's what you think.
Did you hear the old broken window?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not locked in here.
101, I'll be out there door by hook or by crook or by crowbar.
I'll be out there door.
Yeah, see, this is typical of the Beasley Way, man.
In this awful...
In fact, how do you like that note in the elevator?
Do you really believe that about the elevator inspection?
At about wild.
The inspection has passed, but they ran out of permit.
And they were... whatever.
In other words, they haven't paid them off yet.
The inspector, who that or they can.
Like that lost tag cardboard thing that you see in the back of people's cart.
Yeah, exactly.
That our elevators in this building couldn't inspection...
Pass inspection for 50 grand cash, okay?
Under the table, you thrill ride.
Records... liquidators was records shack.
I've had several about those.
Records shack and it says, yes, the original owner was a total prick.
Records shack, got it?
Got it.
And don't forget Spencer Gifts.
Won't they like it every shopping model?
It was a Spencer Gifts?
They're gone.
That's what it says here.
I don't think that's...
We don't believe you, okay?
And a garbarm we already got.
Morrison's cafeteria, is that gone?
Morrison's cafeteria is gone?
Oh my god.
Right at town, but I have a feeling that could be absolutely wrong.
Anyone mentioned record check yet?
Look at this.
This guy's back again.
Same thing.
Same old stuff.
Jesus Christ, just give us a chance, okay?
The best nightclub I ever went to was Biscayne Babies and Coconut Grove was on the second floor crossing the Mephril Hotel.
You used to have weekly pajama party nights and the chicks were awesome lingerie in the 90s.
On my 23rd birthday I went to a pajama party and met a girl in the skimpyest little 90.
She was curious as to the size of my feet.
I have a size 16 shoe.
While she started talking about big hands, big feet, and what goes along with it, and the rest of the facts isn't missing.
But we can assume, you know?
I like that.
Biscayne Babies, got it?
Got it.
IE or Y apostrophe, yes.
Whatever you want, okay?
IE he says.
IE like these people know.
And stop putting corkies on here, okay?
Stop putting corkies.
They're still corkies in Pembroke 5.
Rawly old farts are okay?
What is raw with these people, huh?
They keep insisting, like just because it isn't next door to them.
Be more like George, get out a little bit.
To attend block radius in Hollywood.
What's your have kids?
You don't go out much.
I mean, you go to Chuckie Cheese.
Look at his painted wagon we got.
Jackie Gleason sandwiches, bonfire.
We got all those.
Tailers.
What that was, Tailers?
We got all of them.
Oh, here's a good moment.
I think they got the wrong name.
Was it Crabbs they're talking about?
It says there was a restaurant in North of Oakland Park on Andrews the block called.
K-I-E-L-B-S-Keeelbs.
I think they're talking about Crabbs.
Never Crabbs though.
Am I right in the doubt?
Which had good food one under three years ago.
No, because they don't know what that is.
Nards.
And look at this.
This must be something somebody owned it.
I feel sorry for all you people that went under here.
Okay.
Our deepest and sincerest apologies for trying to do business in this horseball town.
But it happens to the best of us.
Look what's happening to Paul and young Ron.
Nards.
Six fifty-six north and Andrews have it before Lord Elstoppen and have two complimentary drinks.
Maybe if you only gave one complimentary drink, you'd still be in business.
I'm not saying.
N-A-R-D-S.
Well, it must be because it's right here.
Nards.
Grand Prix raceorama is gone?
No.
So what are they talking about?
They just changed the name.
They just changed the name.
So don't be getting any musicians exchange.
Am I right that doubt?
If you want.
Well, whatever you like, don't ask me questions.
Don't ask me questions.
Whatever you like.
Okay.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not so pretty good ones.
George says if there's a choice between writing it down and not, he'll pick not.
And I don't blame you.
Piggly Wiggly Supermarkets.
Now what's the story on that?
Did we already do that?
Well, they're not down here anymore.
But they were.
They were.
So write it down.
I don't think we did that.
Did we?
No.
Chaunceys, a restaurant in South Miami.
What about Roy Rogers?
Didn't we already do that?
We did Kenny Rogers.
I don't think we did Roy Rogers.
And what about Dale Evans?
Is she small potatoes?
What about Neil Rogers?
Yeah.
But here it's time for him to hang it up as what I'm hearing.
And Parker's horse right out there in Davion.
Davie wrote extension right by that old lump.
Just do it gingerly.
Uh.
Roy Rogers restaurants.
Piggly Wiggly Supermarket.
And Chaunceys, C-H-A-U-N-C-E-Y-O-Poster-F-S.
Chaunceys, restaurant in South Miami.
Oh, geez.
Today's the last day we're doing this, by the way.
Are we?
Please.
Please say yes.
Yes.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Here's a call from North Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A few in North Miami where I grew up.
The Boulevard Driving?
Boulevard Driving.
Okay, don't go too fast.
Go George is right in these now.
He's very, very slow.
It was X-rated.
Okay.
We should sneak about 10 guys in the trunk just to get in there.
How about you did?
Also the gold triangle, anybody say that?
Yes, we had that.
Also the cat's in the owl.
What was that?
It was a gauge joint on sunny Isles.
A gauge joint?
Oh, if we put all the gauge joints in it coming,
we can make a list of 6,000.
It was in the 70s.
Yeah.
And the crazy horse.
Got it.
The mail review.
Uh-huh.
That's it.
Okay, thanks.
You remember that big fat Buddha over, over by the crazy horse?
He used to sit out on the road just to stick statue.
He moved it over to the Hollywood circle.
Well, are you talking about the golden Buddha restaurant?
Was right up the street there.
Yeah, but that's the same Buddha they moved over to the circle, right?
Well, he gets around.
Okay, thanks.
And maybe we'll find out where that cow went too from a, uh, uh, uh, damn doubts.
Now, what was the other wall?
How about Mary's?
I talked about it, but how about Mary's restaurant in North Day?
That, uh, I used to know when I was like about 150, 140, uh, something.
145th in this game, Boulevard.
And I mean, uh, 441.
Mary's?
You've heard me talk about Mary's right in time.
Let's put Mary's Italian restaurant on there.
Okay.
I bet you a lot of people love Mary's.
And my transsexual friend that used to work there, the waiter waitress,
whatever her name was with the Harry Armsville was wonderful.
Remember she called in that one day?
She was a transsexual.
Yes.
She was a waitress in Mary's and then I ran into her in a drugstore somewhere.
Mary's was great.
They had this fantastic pizza.
Everything it was really good.
But nothing stays the same boys and girls in case you haven't noticed, nothing stays the same.
I took the boot of set since I was talking about boot of.
Four minutes till noon at 560 WQM, the mad dog at once.
Five and the local of this 60's, five sixty, three of yours.
QAM.
There are, it beat it 12 to 1 hour on WQM.
Go go go go go.
Go go go go.
Go go go go.
Go go go go go.
I'm just going to rush his pace about full of the source engine more.
He's pants.
That pipe smoker and uncircumseys QWM.
Ben engaged in a pic of the day.
I'm a crazy homo foe.
Not that I mind it's but I'm way too old.
I bet the size about being in bed.
In a twist with feet loom my man friend.
I'll kiss and make up with Jinjer some day.
And then ask him to rate my pun.
No very no very again.
Though I would not feel for more spools.
No.
And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union.
Just hold him and stroke him away.
Boy, baby, kill me you're not my type.
You sound like a nine year old kid.
Only a macho men think I did.
You don't know that makes me flip my wig.
If Jinjer was a lover of mine,
I'd bury my boldest baby nose.
Inside his imply rear end.
No, I would not be a sport home.
If I was not a closet of fame,
That's why a ginger and moke union
would make me feel dizzy.
Everybody follow my thousand balls.
Yeah, ginger and moke union.
That would make my swirl pony hair feel safe.
If we had a ginger and moke,
gay union,
then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
12 or 3 at 5, 60 at every 2.
I'm happy birthday, Gildi,
even though you are a mole-licker.
Here's the fact that Sidney was just wanted to add
that as long as you're including four-lawed and ill.
In case you should include the Miami Orioles during the spring,
the Baltimore Orioles,
and the spring training facility, Miami State.
And we already got Bobby Minero Stadium, right?
That's good enough.
Also, I forget the name,
but it was a workout center owned by former Miami Dolphin.
I believe it was sport rooms.
We got that. Don't we?
Sport room has got it.
I know there was one.
You must excuse me if I don't remember too well
since I'm a 30-year-old Julio.
Love you, Neil.
Okay.
Okay, Julio.
Godfather's Pizza says here.
Remember that we've been through that a million times, right?
Don't take it personal.
You gene the machine.
That's what it's sign here.
You gene the machine.
The dancing machine.
Rhymes with Queen.
And also a tropical driving theater.
We did that.
We did that.
Been there done that.
Godfather's is still around there,
and with Hess and George don't like that.
You discussed that on Friday, George,
is not like these linked together businesses like Duncan Donuts
and Basque and Robbins,
and Hess Gas and Godfather.
What you really like?
We like the free-standing, original, you know.
It ain't just a matter of location.
The rules and the laws are different for a gas station contained restaurant.
What do you mean by that?
The health code is different.
In other words, there's no limit on the amount of gas that they can pass.
Okay, I'm wondering.
I should have been there last few days.
Since I was expelling the remnants of my induced hemorrhoids for mommy's last week,
the good news is I'm not going there this week.
Anyway, that would be perfect since Flores is bringing us lunch tomorrow.
How do you like that?
There?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot it was going to be good.
I think I want to eat on your two days in a row every night chocolate stuff
and those cupcakes this morning.
You're going to die.
No, I'm not.
Yeah, why am I so you and him?
And all the rest of you too.
I'm doing okay.
I'm not doing that good to be honest with you.
I'm doing okay.
Let's see.
Here's one that says,
I really don't like the tone of your show.
All right.
Maybe the one is the maybe the places that are on your list all suck.
That's why they're closed.
Oh, this is from that asshole Andy or some Andy.
Yeah, this is that idiot.
Okay, who wants some attention?
You're not getting any.
He just jealous of Greg.
Luskins is on the or rich packed.
You know something rich.
We appreciate all your wonderful stuff back when we did the music stuff.
He was very helpful.
Remember on that?
Yes.
One day.
But the Luskins is on the list twice.
Well, so us rich.
Okay.
And by the way, Paul Harvey Jr. called which is why he's in the sour mode.
And we still don't like Paul Harvey Jr.
Listed the God, then Tony Bruno, my ass.
And you know when he started listening to Tony Bruno, let me give you a hint.
Yeah.
That's when he started after that endorsement.
After that endorsement by our morning guy who sounded a little giddy and gay that morning,
making a guest appearance on a on a on a car.
And of course, if he would have just checked the damn affiliate list,
and realized that they got a very weak signal that he only travels like two thirds of the way around the state.
Then he probably wouldn't have made that appearance.
What do you have?
He would.
Here's one.
Look at why I have to keep crossing these off.
Did we do the Asta H-A-S-T-A?
Had great roast beef.
Nixon hung out there.
Nixon should have been hung.
We did put it on there.
The Asta Wall had a good for you.
The cockpit barn or the airport.
Did we do the cockpit?
We did the cock and bull.
We did the cockpit.
Boy.
Now look at this list.
See, they won't stop.
The cock and bull.
The owner, the owners of the cock and bull restaurants in which there were two.
The guy's name was Saul.
I don't know what the son's name was.
The son ran to one in Highalia.
And the old man, Saul, Saul, he was in Miami.
Now if anybody can fax me that, then you're really a hit the jackpot.
Somebody already got to build a share of who used to sing there.
He used to be like a make-believe Elvis, a real bad one.
I remember Craig Worthing doing no spot.
The magnificent cock and bull restaurants in Highal.
The magnificent.
You know, Craig, the food was good, but it was not magnificent.
I know what said that in the copy, but it wasn't magnificent.
You know, magnificent, you think of like the Belagio, something like that.
Ruth Chris, but cock and bull was not magnificent.
Craig.
But if somebody can fax me the names of the owners of the cock and bull restaurants,
that'll be quite an accomplishment, but especially since they're going to get...
Buzzed off the list since these are mostly phony votes.
Cock and bull 64, it sounds like a cock and bull story to me.
Sunrise musical theater 53, Bullomat 52, it's another bogus.
We don't even know what the Bullomat was.
The weight besides like a bull.
Rolling.
Yeah, Polish place.
Eastern Airlines 48, Hollywood, Sportatorium 32, the Dollhouse 25, UNOS Pizza 25.
Now let me ask you how come UNOS is doing so good?
And if you look way down the list in these 50th, see I don't know how anybody could vote on this thing, Carlos,
because you've got 4,000 names on here.
In fact, just to check the number of votes we got, it takes 15 minutes just to scroll to the bottom and see how many votes we got.
And there's about 686, removing up to 1,000.
But it's got to take people a half hour to vote on here because there's too many on the list.
Don't you think George?
Yes, no.
Rony Plas has got one.
Did anybody finally vote for my friend Toby for the toast?
Let's see.
You think?
It must have, because it's not in the zero column anymore.
Look on here and see if you can find the toast.
Look on where.
That's my point.
That's exactly my point.
There's too many freaking ones.
The depot's got to appear.
Now what's all the votes for the toast?
I'll three votes for the toast.
Thank you.
Toby, thanks you.
I'm sure his mom is pushing up days.
Thank you too.
That was a very good place.
They had valley parking and I remember it well.
Four votes.
I remember that Toby was kind of a pest, but it was a good place.
That was W-I-D days, I think.
Early-I-D.
And definitely W-S-News.
Or something, I don't know.
They'd all blend together in a way when you're long passed over to hang it up.
Hey, listen, Castor Novel, let me tell you,
if it wouldn't have been for my church, I'd be long gone.
You could have this gig, you know, more power to you.
Okay?
In fact, I say Castor Novel for like what?
Right after Duff's Weekend show after Penis Talk,
let's put Castor Novel in there.
Huh?
I think that's a hell of an idea.
Now that's your laugh and that show starts this weekend.
Now that football's just about over, Dufflin, Z and Penis Talk.
That's why he's not here today. He's practicing for that show.
Well, they could tie it into the station called Joptalk.
Yeah.
Sally's restaurant across the eighth county courthouse.
We got Sally's.
Get it on there, baby.
And it spelled I-E-S.
I don't think so.
I don't know no Sally, the spelled have you.
It says, all the lawyers hung out there waiting to revert.
All the lawyers were there were hung.
I guess Norm was never there.
Oh, 10 minutes past noon at 560 WQ.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'm going to start doing that chocolate as a drug thing.
Before the show we did.
It is.
It's past, huh?
It's 10 past noon.
I feel like we just started about 45 minutes ago, don't you?
And you're talking a little bit fast.
Which is good.
Am I really?
Yeah.
Just give me a skull these birthday.
Maybe I want to start talking like this.
Huh?
I don't need to have to do the helium today.
I have a sugar rush.
Right.
I do.
In fact, isn't it time for rush?
Right now.
You don't need to turn over to that station, you know.
Right here.
Left to left to right to right to right to right.
Yeah.
Let's talk about how the Clintons are killing people right now.
10 past noon at 560 WQ.
I want to get some real votes on that pole and stop on these caucas bolsters.
There were caucas.
I mean we crap we got.
Here's something, it's not caucas.
It's this.
And that is if your back doesn't feel great,
it's probably because you're not sleeping good at night.
And if you're not sleeping, you need a crappy mattress,
maybe you have a good one, but it's warm up.
lumpy and bumpy and it's time to replace it. How do you do that? Many ways to do it. You can go to
a betting department stores, get ripped off, shop around all day, waste a lot of gas and money,
and still not get what you want. But if you want to get a perfect great new mattress and
unbeatable everyday low price, dial a mattress or the people to do it for you. Call 1-800-MATTRES.
They'll have you sleeping like a baby tonight and all year long and for years to come.
And we're not talking about some off-name brand that nobody in the world ever heard of. We're talking
to best mattresses in the universe, Celi, Certa, Kim, Simmons and King Coil, in every size and style
of the sun. When you talk to 1-800-MATTRES, when you call there, you'll be talking to
somebody knows their stuff. We'll hook you up with exactly the mattress you want. It's in stock,
ready for nearly immediate delivery. You can even have it delivered the same day you call them if
you're smart. You get to choose the date and the time. Dial a mattress prides itself on their 99%
on-time record, which is just run reasoned out of a million, while they're ranked number one for
overall customer satisfaction. Soon what I've done for years and years now, what George recently
did, and even Miguel did as well, which is probably why he's not here today, called dial a mattress
and gets yourself a great name brand mattress. All you do is make the one easy call. They do all the
rest for you. They come and deliver the new mattress, take away the crappy old bedding, and they
set it up for you. Call 1-800-MATTRES for dial a mattress. The perfect way to start off the new year
for you and your back. We're supporting you 5-60-CAM.
O-R-O-N.
You hear that? She has. I think we shopped that for the problem. We got 45 minutes. So I think we just did
hear what that said. I like it.
Oh, right. Yeah.
What do I say about this day? Everything in this building is like, can we try one more time
and see if it works? I don't think it will. Look at that. I won't do anything now.
Oh my god, almighty. You think I should give up? Yeah. Okay. We're going home, folks.
Everything in this place is screwed up. We got a technical disaster here today, but that's not
unusual. I shouldn't have said that, George. Of course, I might be listening. Hey, George.
Kelly Seafood in Sonny Oz. What do you say? Carlos apologizes profusely. We've had many,
many people faxed and say, are you people some kind of assholes? You put 300 names on it
list on Friday? No, we're not. Carlos is. Didn't I tell him to divide it up? That would have been
just perfect. You know? But the good news is today, which is the third and final part of the poll,
which will go up right after the show, wanted Carlos, right after the show, not like a day and a half
later, because Carlos and the Eric are having some kind of a communication problem, or maybe
Carlos stole some Eric's lunch. My long distance. And they're feuding and fighting again.
Or maybe Carlos is a phone underneath the overpassing, working too good. But we'll have it right
on end, and then we'll take the top 20 from each of the three days, and that'll be the runoff,
okay? And we'll take some of these bogus ones out here, like that cock and bull story that you
people are doing. What about Kelly Seafood? Did we have that? Kelly Seafood, I think, was pretty
famous. Wasn't it said in Sonny Isles? Heard of it before? Yeah, we heard of it. Did you ever eat
there? No. Well, you know something, if we'd eaten there, maybe they'd still be around.
Oh, here's again this guy. We've already done this. Stop already. Stop.
The guy with a list of 600, okay, we did as good as we could with your list, and I'll give it a
rest. Here's one that says being a schlepper, I want to throw in the Army Navy, the Channest
Thores and Galt Five and Dimes. Remember Galt Five and Dimes? No. But how about Army Navy,
put that down, Army Navy Stores? And one more, the pieces of eight lounge with Gatarmann.
Is that our Gatarmann? I only know one. Huh? Pieces of eight lounge. I know the pieces of
Crap lounge. One more north, my institution was Master's Field, a 1940 Airstrip, Bob, on
the run. No, it says this town was really a cool place back then. What was this?
1940 Airstrip? Okay. I'll take your word for it. Here's another long list. Let's see,
Utah Gamecock Theater. I can't even imagine what that place was. Castaway's Newport,
what that was Newport? Cigarette? A little general. Are they still around? I was like you,
Flodom. That's right. A little general. To be everywhere. L-I-L apostrophe, a little general.
Fibrations we got, Mr. Donor, we got the Toast. Yeah, great late night lounge,
we're restaurant across from Sugar's at Gay Bar. That's what we got to thank you.
Marcellas. Now, Marcella's gone?
135th and Dixie Highway. Wasn't that Marcella's? Yeah, that was Marcella. They got to
still be there. How much of Marcellas is still there? Sonny Isle Rocking's Chair Theater.
Got that? Sonny Isle Rocking's Chair Theater. The Lion's Chair, a small chain of sandwich shops.
Don't put Marcellas there because I'm sure, aren't you sure? Marcella's legendary.
Great garlic rolls. No, Mario the Baker is not there. Mario the Baker is on what? There's one
implantation on sunrise between the university between sunrise and Oakland, right?
I guess. Where did that last one you said before Marcellas?
Oh, are you getting Marcellas? After Marcellas, I said the lion's share, a small chain of sandwich
shops. Is that the one you were looking for? Good. You got it. We apologize again for people who
feel this is ponderous, but generally speaking, the audience loves it. They're foaming at the mouth
from it. I'm foaming at the mouth from all the sugar this morning, but it is a good idea. The show
goes by like a no-time at all. And I can follow me sugar another three or four days of this,
then you can put flowers on my casket. Here's the facts from somebody whose name I can't read in
the bottom. It says great theory of living LA now. I've lived there for two years, but I'm
reminding me originally. Well, congratulations on getting out. Key. Oh, here it is. Keith,
I used to listen to you down here all the time. But I always listen to you on the internet. I guess
you changed how you broadcast over the internet or possibly because I own a Mac. What does that have
to do with it? That has nothing to do with it. It says, for the last few months, I've been unable to
get your show because he owns a Mac. Well, that'll learn you. Maybe it's rotten to the core.
It says I'm back in town for a month and I've been listening every day. Religiously, as you are
Neil Goddard says. I hope everyone realizes how lucky they are to have you on here. No, they don't.
No, they don't. They do not. Your poll is great. That goes without saying. I read the whole list
to my mom over the weekend. She's been down here for 45 years and she thought it was great. How do
you like that? See, even his mom thought it was great. She's an old fart. We have a few more for you.
Jackie Gleason's restaurant. Didn't we have that? This game in 79th Street. How could there have been
a Jackie? Look at who the hell that is. How could there have been a Jackie Gleason's at this game in
79th? Do you remember the facts we had about him the other day, which I was kind enough not to
be down here. Remember that facts? Yes, about Kimba, which I did not read over there, which I'm sure he
he owes us for that. It was pretty erasing. Ellen, we got Ellen and cafeteria, which I think
only had one. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Am I getting confused?
Ellen and seafood and Ellen and cafeteria. Is there the different things? I don't know.
Kim wanted us to know. Yes, at the old Dan Dowd Bull. Yeah. Is the one that sits out in front of
Kim Bo campers University Dodge. All right. Does that why they say there's no bullet?
The Kim Bo campers University don't. It lives on and you're welcome for the free plug came. And like
I said, you always big time for not mentioning what somebody wrote the other day. King Pony farm.
What is that? King's Pony farm? Forget about it. Prince Hamlet, we got
Tarks. Oh, Tarks. Do you remember Tarks these two on the road down here? Not there anymore, though. No.
Get Tarks on our T-A-R-K bus race. Awesome. Let's see. It was a cue. No. Okay. Awesome,
seafood and chicken wings. What do I smell? The Bo campers just dropped some gas in it. What was that?
You don't smell, man? Oh my god. It smells like a bar on the yard of rotten eggs. Man.
The driving adult movie theater 140th and Biscayne. Well, it must have had a name. That's
anything good enough. Maybe it's the one where he got the one. The one that's who the one
they're talking about. We're going to have our Rick and Suds. They're on the beach. Okay,
that's a bad news for our Keith and thanks for the memories. God. Here, oh, look at this. I've
got 65 facts. It's all telling me the same thing that Freddy's anchor moved around a corner near
the armory. There's a big Mercedes deal. Now we're Freddy's anchor bar used to be. Oh, those
were the days, baby. Those were the days been replaced by Mercedes either owned by Wayne
High Pingo. Oh, no. And here's another one that says, how about pirates world?
In fact, I'll tell you what, let's start over at the beginning again. We can do this for another
six months. Thank you very much, but we already got pirates world call Fred Grimiter. We'll see
what he thinks. And by the way, Freddy, welcome for steel all that stuff from us. Let's see,
Park Place Cafe in Delia, staple in West Data under our live area. It's for your serving
lunch to the large business crowd in the area. Park Place Cafe in Delia, got it? Good.
And we're not going to have nearly as many on a pool today. And like I said, tomorrow we'll take
the top 20 from each day. Won't we? Okay. And then we said, then we won't have to do all of this.
Good. Well, no, because we won't be taking anymore, but we'll just put the pool on there.
Because we don't want to start and be too predictable with another pool.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello? Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Don't give up, Neil.
I'm not giving up. I'm not throwing an intel yet. Hey, look, I'm going to stay here just to make
sure Casper and over. Don't get this job. Yes.
I want to tell you a couple of the clicks that I remember the Miami Marine Stadium and Q
Skate, where they used to have concerts and both races. Okay. And also, I wanted to let you know
that the Playboy Club also had another club on the June and 14th. Oh my god. Okay.
Well, the best Western is now. Right. And also there was a club inside the
beaten rock hotel called Scarlet. And at the Barcelona Hotel, please have two clubs,
one for the Olios and one for the Crackles. Really? Yeah. The Olio one was called the Magic Flute.
And the Magic Flute. Yeah. I'm not touching that. They are harder used to play there. That's not
what I heard. Yeah. I'm not touching that with your lips. And the one inside the Barcelona was called
the Cellar. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot, amigo. All right. You all right. You all see it.
Now, here's one that says there were three of the best bars right here. It's used to see Kim Boca.
Honestly, they fasted again that way so that Kim was in the building. Now, is he on today?
Is something going on that we don't know about? My schedule says Jim managed one to three,
but Kim Boca, right, just in here, hanging around. Don't go to find out. So I don't
get any better asking if he's going to be on because we don't want to be telling the man. Not that
it really makes a difference because you know, the X-Jock factor is still there. He's still
wearing his jog strap to work. But we would like to know because just for once in my life, I'd
have to have the right schedule. We got 14 program directors in here. It'll be real nice if we can
get the right schedule since they're to pride themselves on that. All the hard work. Maybe if we ever
saw Clara, you know what the problem is? Too many holidays. Okay. And if there's one thing I
can't stand is too many people taking too many days off. I like people right here in the building
every day when they're supposed to be doing the show. Not hang out there with the Super Bowl all
week long and San Diego. Not this one is taken off because it's Martin Luther King Day and this
one taken off because it was Christmas and New Year's and Hanukkah and thanksgiving before that.
Right? We don't go for that on this show. No. We believe in everybody showing up every day when
they're supposed to in the studio wherever the studio might be of course, etc. So we'll find out
through it and break you if both campers are going to be honored the mad dog and you know just
for the hell that and then both camp are content about all those things he used to be doing in the
T room in these places whatever right at this game babies. 26 past noon at 560 WQM. Hey all you
guys out there with the New Year in full swing. Now is the time to act on a new high-paying career.
Fast train is holding a free career seminar tomorrow evening Tuesday at its kindle Miami for
Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines locations. It's a free seminar called 1-866 fast train to reserve
your seat. That's 866 fast train. Make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paying computer job.
See that? And now I'm starting to talk so fast because my tongue is like, but I'm gonna go like that
from that sugar. You shouldn't let me eat it George. Sorry. Make this the year that you're in a high-paying
computer job if you're overworked underpaid in a real sucky job going no place. This could be the
most important 50 minutes of your life. Fast train can have you certified and ready for a dream job
in just for sure in months. So call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train. They've got convenient
day evening and weekend classes. Call 1-866 fast train to reserve your seat for tomorrow night
for directions to the fast train closest nearby you. Just call fast train dot just check out fast
train dot com and you'll be on your way to New High-paying computer career. Got it? Fast train
twice. You way out. Have a penis. I've never had one. I swear. Just something about it.
When I inhale it's like wow dude. Kind of sucks though. I want to see you pop your eye.
It's a real bummer.
If you just roll it roll it tight. I'll put that baby to my friend. Bye bye bye.
Now I'm a glassy eyed timber lake and funny things go through my brain. Bye bye bye.
Ask me what happened one minute ago. I won't remember.
Take another toll. Be ashes make like shows. The falling in the sun.
Come on over and the slide of owner. The stuff I thought this guy was on you.
Your thoughts will really be insane.
Oh my god. Look at that fat head. I think he gained a 15 pounds back in his head.
The beast just opened a door crack and I saw the fatdest head I've ever seen in my life.
He gained all the weight back from the neck up. Am I right? Go shoot. Look at that.
His head must weigh 75 pounds. Easy. In fact I got a quick way from to lose 75 pounds.
Anybody got a sharp instrument. Let's get that machini that's OJ left back there.
I'll just slice it right off. Lose 75 pounds the fastest died going.
Are you back on the sack and how are you doing? Okay good. He's got the thumbs up.
This time no more screwing around. Okay just when I leave town no more the screwing around
and tell fat boy to get lost. Okay he's out. No that's seriously. He's trying to muscle it on your sack.
Well he's trying to muscle in a sack. He can find fat boy because who the hell would touch that you know.
Good. Gummy. Miss Mollie. Always trying to muscle in. You just forget. You're your hopeless case,
OJ. We've written you off. You forget about it. We're just measuring the acasket.
I guess we'll feel bad on that day. You know what I'm saying? We'll feel real bad about it but
we tried. We tried every way that we know how. People that sit in here shoveling like chocolate and
cupcakes. Oh if you're one of the Paul Bears you'll feel really bad. People that sit around
eating a shoveling chocolate. Is there any more out there? We spat on all of it.
Here's a list. It's an amg a thing. Mo didn't touch it. I should have asked her which cupcake he was
squeezing before he finally put it back down. Can you believe that? She Doreen told me so must have
been true because she's not she don't have enough good imagination or sense of humor to make it up.
We like Doreen now in his show. And spiderweb Miguel says she brought in all that food for
Geltie's birthday and a molemeister was going to eat one cupcake picked it up and his about
his. He was about to put it into his purse. I think maybe because it had pieced to it off the one
side a little bit as he was about to take the first bite. Oh is this for us on a morning show?
She said no it's for Geltie's birthday. And he put it right back down. And she said no you can eat it.
Oh that's okay I'll pass. And he grumped off back into the studio grumped off
the grumpy old man. Red diamond in we already did that right I love the red diamond and mad dog
and I were talking about that on Friday. Oh the mad dog will be on today. All right.
No campers just in the building trying to get these faxes and burn them. The ones that told us
stories about this game babies. Chicken unlimited. Do we got chicken unlimited? I don't think we
have that yet. Well that was a good one. We're all over town. Got it now Carlos good.
And we're not putting banks on it okay because the banks have all been a bought out. You know what?
What's the one? Our raffles we got copper penny we got and wool coated we do wool coat which we
know it's wool worth. Okay one out of 88 bad. God I'm just exhausted from this Malibu Grand Prix.
Palmeiro and Northwest 431. It's it's what a different name now.
Palmeiro and what? Palmeiro and Northwest 4th Street. Not my hood. Adidas to order kingdom
was here. Okay neighbors restaurant we got the circle theater of Miami Stream. Uno de Somorande Enrique says
I wonder which Enrique that is you think it's R&R? No.
Huh? You're Enrique. My Enrique. Well in other words now you know I can make you all the
somebody ever new to you. I don't like him like you like him. Well little general we got
don't we have a little general and we just put that on there. We just got to put that on there.
Maybe it was a psychic experience. Here's one we don't have on it yet that was all over town.
I'll guarantee you super extra stores. How can we forgot that? Remember with the yellow sign with
the X X rated and Ames department stores AIMES? Remember though you don't remember that?
Ames department store or get with it. Let's see true sunrise musical theater was purchased by
Clear Channel 1998 sold over church last April. We know it's true because we had the story off the
internet. So anybody tries to make up a solid dance. Well the guy said it was a cult. So a church
a cult. Whatever. Some phony below the thing. Now it says the pool has degraded into merely what's
got your right. So I'll what is it? I'll throw in another okay. The Bolumat is number three on
the list. What do you mean you'll throw in another one? First they give us a little shot and then
they threw in another one. It's number three on the list even though I think it's Bogus Bolumat.
You people are impossible. Although a lot of people out there at least four or five don't have a
computer right? What percentage of the audience do you think has a computer? 60% at least. Only 60?
At least. That's a low ball. I'm talking about like at work or at home where they could like keep
cracked 80. 80%. So I mean 80% out there they ought to be able to take a puke on our pool.
What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around? This has turned into everybody
in the whole state is talking about this. You hear that damn fabulous. Talking about places we
haven't heard about. You know what was that restaurant in Tampa where they've done a tell us. You
think that's still there? Tell us. Remember they love me like crazy right on Veil Mabry? Sure.
We I don't think that's still there anymore. I'm not sure. There's a done a tell us in Toronto.
I'm I just I'm never there. I just mentioned that. I mean they know Barbarian stay-couse.
Remember oh let me just a suggestion. Okay. Rumors are great guy but if you want to go eat somewhere
don't ask him for suggestion. Please especially out of town. He will give you hemorrhoids
in the desertion and he'll get you some good doctors to help kill it all up. He does have the
best doctors and after you eat with him you'll need it. Neil the unicorn village first closed their
restaurant in Evan. Sure that closed their groceries so they're all gone. We didn't we discovered
that on Friday but thank you again. That's sad. What was the guy's name that with the unicorn guy?
They were a sponsor mine for a very very long time especially when they were opposite in Odyssey.
You had videos on one side with these stuffed pizza and across the street with the original unicorn
and now they're both gone. Oh what's happened to our town boys and girls? What's happened in this place?
Now we got nothing but chains. Oh we got left these chains and chucky cheese.
Anything else that begins with a CH like Chicago. Here's Toby's cafeteria.
Did we do Toby's cafeteria? What was that? That was Eric suggesting that that would be a great
poll to take one day. What's that? Do you have a computer? Hey Eric get lost.
Toby's cafeteria right off on E55543. Didn't we do that Toby's cafeteria? No.
We did a Toby something. And the young brello. Now you wrote that on there while he was out
to dealing with the doors there trying to get the place straight enough. Oh no. Our donuts. How many of
us? We know where your mind is. Okay. You boob's out there. But we've had our donut. In fact,
how many of these are now that they're also whipped up about how many votes does it have? Let's
take a look. It's got only 13 votes out of all over 900. We're on the way to a thousand votes on
that pool which we'd have a lot more than that except for the fact that Eric and Carlos missed
each other in a weekend. How much did you miss them? The Palm Beach Auditorium is now your
own. What we've always said. In other words, sunrise musical theater is a church and the Palm Beach
Auditorium is now whatever. Okay. See now you're confusing us. We're drowning in a sea of confusion
here. Okay. How many of these can we keep up with already? Okay. There's 750,000 of them.
As we speak to probably another 10,000 going to go out of business this week which we feel sorry
for them. But that's the way things go. Okay. The economy is a lot worse than they're letting on.
You know that. You do know that don't you? The economy is in the crapper. Yeah. I mean, you're
talking a good game. But I mean, but I mean, but I mean, while the economy is in the crapper
house because it's ergonomics part two, the trickle down, you know, and there's a lot of stuff
trickling down people's leg and they can't find any groceries with it.
Was it the grand mirror in the restaurant which was a ship docked in Fort Lauderdale?
Like, I'd everybody sit before closing. I don't know. I don't know, but we certainly, if it was,
hope that they're not around anymore. Burger Castle, did we do that? Was there such a place as
burger castle? Somebody said it before you won't find no hassle that the old burger castle. It came
up in a previous show. It came up, which is probably why it didn't. There anymore. And I don't know if
we wrote it. Did we put that on there? Not burger castle. Well, put it down and you'll check it out
because I'm sure that won't take you more than four or five hours. Let's make sure we get that
pool on there right about like 530 at the very latest because then by the way time we sit down
here tomorrow, we're we're going to wrap this thing up. We're going to start getting the audience
really pissed off and be out in the streets to have it in his breakdown. Oh, WIOZ. Well,
it's still there for what it's worth. Goody shoes. Goody shoes. Ember Frankie Lyman. Goody, goody.
Yeah. Now we put it down. Goody shoes. Now the embers, we had the embers.
Regal beer. No. Oh, the Hollywood sun tatler. There you go. A newspaper. Long with the Miami
News. There's another one. Bit to dust. How about the Fort Lauderdale News? Remember the afternoon
addition of the Sun Central for Lauderdale News? No. Well, there used to be an afternoon paper.
Was owned by the Sun Central. Was it different for Lauderdale News and the Hollywood Sun Tatler.
Got him? Great. In fact, I think I think you're good bald-headed friend Tom Jicke used to
handicap the dogs for the Hollywood Sun Tatler. And of course, he and I also used to handicap for the
Miami News. I used to handicap Pompano and he used to handicap the dogs, which I think was more in
line with his abilities. Little Tommy. Bald-headed geek. You're a close personal buddy.
Don't forget Hank's out in San Diego. All wait. What? He likes you a lot, don't he?
He does? I don't think so. 20 to 1 at 560 WQM are you need of current insurance if you got
in tickets in the past or had an accident? You have bad credit? Well, if you answered yes to any of
these questions, here's the number to call. Tool free. One Tribal 85067283. That's the number
four Florida First Insurance. They have the current insurance policy plan for everybody regardless
of your past record. They've got low down payments so you get the current insurance you need for
as well as 35 bucks a month. Call them now. Tool free. One Tribal 85067283. Florida First
Insurance offers free quotes. They're family owned and operated with years and years of experience.
Don't forget you deserve the current insurance that you need but you need to call them now. One
Tribal 85067283. If you need home, life, health or commercial insurance, Florida First Insurance
can get you covered. And right now is a special promotion. Stop by any Florida First Insurance
location. Get a quote and you'll receive two free casino cruise passes, compliments of Las Vegas
now, marketing a $60 value. Absolutely free. That's right. Call one Tribal 85067283. Get a
current insurance quote from Florida First Insurance to get two free casino cruise passes.
So remember no matter what your car history record is, you have to call one Tribal 85067283. That's
Florida First Insurance for all your current insurance needs. Call them now. In case you missed
that number the first 40 times. One Tribal 85067283. Live, live and look all down. Here's sports
video 560. See you later.
Hey Rosie, very tired of your fat act. Okay, Rosie, we're nauseous from you already. It's
a 1245 at 565 WQM. The mad dog is in the building. He'll be on a one. And then we got the
Humper from San Diego for Super Bowl. We got the Tampa Bay Bucket ears and the Oakland Raiders.
It's the John Gruden Bowl. And that what it's going to be? John and Al, Al and John. Like Dave
Hay says in the paper this morning stealing it from our show again, but giving us no credit whatsoever.
You writers in this town, boy, it's just, you know what I mean? I understand that we're like
banned from the newspapers, which is okay with me. But just like a little something like a thank you
note in a mail or something of facts saying thanks for allowing us to steal your crap. God almighty.
Hey Dave, I'm gonna have all the crap I got Dave Hyde. Here's the fact. It says what about East
Side Mirios? They're still going strong up in Toronto. Have you ever seen their TV spots at
course not? And at the end of the spot, he says, but a boom, but a bang. Yeah, he says that.
But they're not here. There was an East Side Mirios by me. You know, we're by the sawgrass,
you know, we're staking shakies by me. They're on Sunrise. Okay.
Well, when you drive in at the thing there like a back where blockbusters was, which is now some
other record chain, what is it? The California one? Whatever it is. There's a, there was an East
Side Mirios gone, long gone. They lasted about 10 minutes. In fact, the facts says East Side
Mirios was really good till it became all corporate and what not. And they're not too crazy about
the what not. They like to what what, but not to what not. You think they can get a what what?
I'll see. Most of these probably have been mentioned, uh, Pals Captain Table. What?
Pals Captain Table? We don't know what that is. Sportsman's Paradise. We already got that.
Uh, Shatomadrid. Now, do we have that? Because Shatomadrid was the one. Finally, I'm
starting to think on a corner of Oakland and the 441 in a big round building. We must have that on
there. We talked about it last week. Cheachies. Don't cheat. Chees. Yeah. Don't cheat. Cheachies. See,
I love you know how to spell it. We got Grand Union, the upside downhouse and sunrise.
Anybody ever been to the upside downhouse? 94th era squadron we already have been through that
and Carlison sister, Silora, Wurley Ball on Copens Road in Pompano. The moon raker, which is now
called yesterday's moon raker, right down with everyone's in these you feel like, okay? The
down under we got that Kings department store nation wide auto parts nation wide auto parts that
should be on it. That was like a big shame. Wasn't it? Was a big shame? And Marios Italian on
sunrise at US one next to the Gateway Theater. Marios Italian is gone, I believe. Now, what's
the other one that is still there? What's used to be up by me on my Peter's Road in University?
The Italian place. La la la la la la la la. La bohem. La bohem is Italian. Oh, brother.
And it says Kenny Rogers is still in booker. What we don't care? Oh, come on. You were going to
know what the place that Il Molino was supposed to lie. Il, it's La La more masculine, which you
should know that. Il Molino, which is still over there by the Gateway Theater, where Marios used
to be, but is a they told me that one was better anyway and I have eaten and that one was very good
and the Il Molino out there by me on the implantation is now something else, which nobody ever talks
about it so must not be too good. The greatest drugstore says Super X was on commercial
and university on the southeast corner and shoppers drug mart. Well, shoppers drug mart's all
over canadae. Do we don't have shoppers drug mart here anymore? Never heard of them. You never
heard of shoppers drug mart. You better know your drugstore is mister because you sure don't, you know what?
Tells wrong with you. God. You don't know shoppers drug mart. Well, I'm not so sure they were
here. I know they're in Toronto. They're all over the place downtown. There's a shoppers drug
mart on every street corn Toronto. Eh? Well, put it on there. Okay, just for fun. Circle K, are they
still in business? Yeah, they are. That's the circle K convenience stores. Well, somebody must be
besides 7-11. Here's a sure list Swedish, the Swedish house. It's the Sweden house you
vo zone out the Swedish house, which we got brothers to we had. Coasters in the falls. El Torito we got
bird road flea market. Also called the tropic here flea market. Got it. We got it. Best.
Oh, yeah, best department store. Not best by but it was like best department store best. Yeah,
best. Best department store and Vodega we got right? Yes. Good. Oh, thank God.
Gee, now I'm starting to get like overwhelmed by the sea. I can't even talk anymore.
Or could be the sugar. Could be the sugar. Could be the blood sugar of 10,000. I don't know.
And I don't care because it's almost one o'clock already. Is the show going to start yet?
What show? Good. God. I'll tell you that chocolate lace. Man, I think your teeth are your
molars stick together when you chewed it. Oh, you had some? Yeah. Well, it was sitting right here.
Yeah. I thought you know, that's right. He doesn't like chocolate. It didn't make my molars
stick to you. In fact, is there any more? I can't listen if I if I had that right at one
o'clock, I can be home by 10 after I licked all of the pieces. Oh, no. Oh, that's what do I
get? Lauderdale said too. I don't want to tell you where the pieces were.
It's a 1250 10 before one at five 60 WQM. If you're a listener of the show or have been over the
years, you know that floras are good pizons of ours and have been for about a hundred years.
And while we talk about all the places that are coming on, look at all the places around
the 79th and Biscayne area that are on our list, like about 50,000 of them. But one of the places
that's still there, one of the very few floras, Italian restaurant. That's right. Better than ever.
Floras, the outdoor restaurant with the atmosphere that's as casual as it gets,
whether you're eating and taking out or calling for delivery, everything out of their
kitchen is made fresh to order from the homemade dough for the pizza and garlic rolls to the fabulous
sauces made fresh and never out of a can. Floras, Pizzeria, Mimee, creates the great taste of
Italy to win the edition. In fact, I bring this lunch tomorrow here on the show that we're looking
forward to it. And their prices are so low, it's just almost unbelievable. Just $11.99 for a large
cheese pizza with a half a dozen garlic rolls and a liter of soda. $13.99 gets you a large cheese pie,
liter of soda and six chicken wings. Be sure and try the homemade meat lasagna. Just
oozing with melted cheese and on the show we love our oozing melted cheese. It's fun at floras.
The food is great. They got stuff to do in games for the kids so they don't drive you nuts
while you're eating. You'll love the casual commas you are at the Spirit Flores. They're open
every day, seven days a week. Lunch, dinner, parties and catering. Call floras, which has been
around for a coons age and wants to eat there. You'll understand why it's so great. Call 305-758-5351.
That's 305-758-551 or eat right there at floras at 79-3. Just two blocks of east of
this game. Polarbarad, take a drive down the street and wave at where your WIOD used to be.
It used to be great. Come see why the Herald call floras. One of the great Italian restaurants in
town. Call floras, pizza, me and my, maybe sure and tell them that old Neil sent you by.
My life and look all this is for trade of I city.
Gens, dumb as church.
Oh no, Broadway caricature is hey I'll hurt you all that at 99. How do you like this?
So very fucking good.
But can you don't watch that to my bra?
And you're going to do some nachos now.
Why you singing on the couch?
Oh boy, you put some beers in the fridge.
And gave a hundred to go forget.
There's a bunch of people going to sing it half time.
But you're out of team.
Oh yeah, that game is pretty wild wow.
The game is super bold.
The kind of game here are wild.
It looks pretty good.
So home again, it's stinky.
The game is super bold.
I really love to watch them.
When they cross the door, it's all right.
It's all right.
It's all right.
My eyes will be blue.
Yeah.
It's a big, big, big, big, big, big.
It's a super bold, super bold.
It's super bold.
Yeah.
Line back and say.
Super bold, super bold.
That game is super bold.
It's so very fucking game.
But can you watch with all your Portuguese?
And you're so good and you're women round.
Once they kill you with some blow.
I'm going to blow baby.
So I just told the mad dog that Tampa Bay was a lock year today.
He looked at me and said sunny morning quarterbacks or Monday morning,
whatever the hell it was.
And he ran out of here.
It's confident.
He also ran out when I talked about Kim Boe,
camper with the bisqueen babies.
The blue grotto,
blue grotto with Italian restaurant.
We got that already or not.
Carlo, we do that.
We do now.
Okay, put it on here if we got it twice.
Who cares?
Crop toad.
Hello from Denver.
It says Flynn's Dixie ribs.
Now are these here?
Are they in Denver?
The hungry hound.
Pale Lettys that was the charades.
What was the name of the effing coffee house chain that was on US one?
Where Denys is now cross from U of M.
On US one, where Denys is now cross from me.
And that's your territory based.
Let's hear it.
Is that awful pizza plate?
I mean, that's a little Caesar still down there.
You know something?
I don't think he's ever even been to the University of Miami.
Okay, just a front running phone.
Like most everybody in this town.
Little Caesar's pizza was on US one.
Right across from the campus.
No, little Caesar's is gone.
And it was like salty.
The bird always used to like that, which is probably why they're out of business.
The bird loved little Caesar's down there.
Took me in there one day for a pizza.
Fat.
Nasty.
Salty.
And then it also says not martial majors.
Now you must know martial majors, huh?
No.
Martial majors was great.
You're all me mentions that in here.
Which sensational.
Probably gone by the time you got here.
Which is a good thing because you'd weigh 600.
And my right has all the way come back from the neck up.
Look at his head.
His head.
There are there are bowling balls much smaller than his head.
His head is just ballooned up.
What do you do?
Like you eat like standing on your head?
What is he saying?
Head cheese.
Yeah, head cheese.
Well, you know something about that.
Here's another one that says that the Columbus Hotel.
And my probably head.
Top of the Columbus.
Did we do the top of the home?
Did we do that in the Hollywood?
I think we did that.
Dick Hamie's top of the home.
Anyway, it's too nice.
It's just too damn many.
The good news is Donald Tello is still open in Tampa.
Let's go right now.
Okay.
And that's from I showed the facts to the mad dog
because he came in here to tell me that.
And he said, I'm damn Joey again.
It's Joey AKA Tracy Foster AKA right wing asshole.
Hey, Joey.
We appreciate the information.
But get lost.
Okay, you're an idiot.
In case it's not already on the list, Taco Viva.
All right.
Is this kind of like thank God that this is it.
This is the end.
My friend.
Because you talk about running out of material.
Pirates amusement center slash arcade on
Crullway and 70th Avenue in Dade County.
Close in the early 90s, building looked like an old Spanish fart.
Afford.
Similar to Chuck E. Cheese except before Chuck E. Cheese.
Pirate.
Now we already did that.
We did Pirates World and just playing Pirates.
Remember?
Right.
I'll be right there and done that.
Thank you.
Here's another list.
I wonder if we got them all.
Thank you.
Did we mention a ground round in Tamarack?
No.
Come on.
Good because Rob says it's so.
I'm sorry, but put it on the list.
The ground round got it and that's it.
I declare that's it.
We are worn out.
We've had it.
We've had it.
Carlos just took the list.
Just took his pen.
He did against the wall.
Just sat down and squat it.
Dropped a little load in the floor just out of disgust.
Out of content for this exercise, which we thought would just be a little bit of fun,
which it was fun.
But I mean you talk about a draining exercise.
I don't forget to have those lace chocolates for tomorrow.
If I eat like three of them instead of just that one,
this show can be about a ten minute show.
I'm bringing in lace chocolates.
No, those are from all of the lace ones.
That's what Doreen said.
Can you imagine he wouldn't eat the cupcake
because they weren't brought specifically for him?
He's an asshole.
Can't even believe that because they didn't have his name on it.
See, he wants free, but he wants free that specifically for him.
Did the widow care about that?
Yeah.
See, with us, we don't give a crap.
Whose name is on it?
Just like those sandwiches that you're up that they hang,
say, hey, here they are.
They're for us now.
So anyway, Mo, good luck to you.
Bye, bye, bye!
And you'll watch us show on Tiesick E.
The Lute's Way.
And you'll make it for my hair.
Yo, yo, yo, let's rate 4.
3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 4, Big Shot.
That's how we best the time,
or wake in the G.O.
J.L.O.
Oh!
