Neil last night I filled two sessions you left
two
How those people in the ballpark were paid admission?
Every single one of them I gave them tickets and they spent a hundred bucks each drink and 13,073
Announce I just want to give you the challenge
I fill that one of them in one chance
They don't have here we go in here
One into one if they don't have 15,000 don't travel is putting tonight if they don't have at least 15,000
Then you're just farting in the windmill
I guarantee you tonight they'll have 30,000 fans for five hours
I thought you buy me bread now now what about the scene when they were
When De Niro was in the opium room just sleeping and smoking opium for like a day
Yeah, that was a great those opium and all those people went in there. They just slaps for two days
Well, that's what they say the last scene is that the whole day movie was nothing but an opium trip
Well, I just spent four hours watching something that was just an opium brick, but it was still very entertained
Great great music great great. I think a re adaptation of New York now
What about Magnolia did you see that because I wanted to get last night very strange movie? I did see it
Very different very unique very twisted. I have not seen your wreck. We a movie, but I love that
You're lucky a lot. It's all about the other thing I wanted to talk about the other sex
I really wanted to talk about why is it that they don't have the balls to put me on while you're on your
Whatever they call it's the badical Jesus Christ you work about two days a minute
I came up with a solution yesterday, which was the perfect idea
Listen to me you do a sports show, right?
Show and sports once they always have a kid then that's what they're afraid of
Moza vacation for a solid week
You could be in there with guilty you could have slid right into this morning
You could be doing six to ten right now and then like Wally Pipp and Lou Gehrig
You just never give the globe
And you know, it's funny is that I was negotiating in New York to do a political show for four hours a day across America
I probably would have been sued and fired within a month anyway, but the fact remains is that I didn't want to do sports
I wanted to talk about the things that you talk about I can talk about politics all day and have every right wing
Conservative super fine. You're gonna lose the license
If you want to license a motion, don't lose the license
I heard you saying that about me yesterday, too. Who are you kidding? I mean, I you say asshole 300 times to my one
There's nothing wrong with it. It's like a rectum's in mother afferves and you follow me when you follow Mo
You can say asshole all you want. You're on the station. It's simple. No one can argue with you
But I can tell you this much. I think you're way more high risk than me. I would. Why say some guy
I'll burn off of his dick
I'll buy a ball of you say okay. I'm not repeating your usage
You're crazy if you think I'm gonna cost him. I'm gonna push you to say that I've never once been fine
I'm gonna spend it by the all the fascists at the FCC. Well, I'll let you find out what George because quite frankly
I don't have a crap who doesn't wonder I can't believe it don't have me feeling afraid
I mean you gotta have somebody that can carry deliver into the kitchen. I have the real story here
Now let's give the rest of the story you were you were jacking them for a few bucks extra for that now
Let's let's face it. They're too cheap to know the best deal in the world and so
I am across the way extra cash
Yeah, like they don't have any extra cash
I think I'm not gonna pay any out
Tag grex steals it and takes it home to his family. You got that right. Yeah, I know I do I
Don't like any of those people good luck. You have a lousy day. Okay, see ya
The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from blackpuster
Entertainment you maddened sings duets
Here's a mad dog
I
First Jim said he felt a little bit cool
Like a unit in a hole, but now he says I like it
I like the mad dog just can't kiss enough for that cottage cheese, but if he wants me to sing God bless America and face
He's in the G string up here. I'll do it
The mad dog sing himself happy
Oh
You maddened sings duets available now at all blockbuster stories
All I have to say about last night was this yeah
How do you like me now?
Who's kidding who?
Take a good look at last night and this includes Neil Rogers a Neil up there in in fact city
Listen to me
How do you like me now?
I filled two sections full a ride whoa
See I they can pack the whole damn park every night just give the tickets away free
Let's start giving away the parking for free. Oh, what do you say sounds good to me and a hot dogs and a hot fun Sundays
Sounds excellent. They to me. I'll go for that. He can't out shout me now because we don't have money here at this point
Well wait, I'll go get him, but we did find out something very very illuminating wasn't I right?
Our good friend for us a little bit upset over the fact that see look if you're gonna do something do it
You know we do too much himming and hawing he's gonna fill in he's not gonna fill in and how many times of that change
Fuck third man. Yeah, and so finally we said we would do the line in the sand
We said well they can't get that thing done and George is gonna do his thing, you know
We just got a respect not that we have a lot of respect for George, but just a little bit of respect
You know just out of common decency the guys been doing it for a few years now, and there's not a problem
And you notice how I didn't get a response about him back and up and doing the show with guilty
I mean most on vacation this week. I'm nobody on this show is on vacation right now
Right, I mean, assuming and being a boy. We're we've got our full staff here right now
What about mobile and on vacation right?
Absolutely starting this morning makes all the sense in the world of me for well and guilty
I could have listened on the way into work. There you go Scott and Galdi and a morning two interesting voices a little bit of a contrast there
Huh, but there's some I don't know what there is there's not even a crossover there at eight o'clock when guilty does the show like this morning
There's no crossover. There's no fun. There's no I don't know what that's all about
But I think it's just a perfect and I think that there's a little bit of paranoia there
You do understand that I may be exaggerating a bit
A little bit of paranoia on somebody's part they're afraid that if Forell moves into the morning there with Galdi
And does that six to ten for a few days and it goes over bigger than Mary Taylor more that maybe somebody might not come back or maybe
Something come back and just do five to six like a warm-up power
Or maybe somebody come back and just do the updates
See what I'm saying. Yeah
So that seems to me to be the logical move is for Forell to have been filling there
But far be it for me. I'm not pulling the strings. We're very happy here doing 10-04 to two whatever it is when we find to get on
10-04 till two that's fine with me. I'm not looking into after all these years to you know branch out moving anybody else's territory
Well, we're real happy being back in our time slot where we belong
So good luck, you Scott. I mean, you know again
I wish him all the luck in the world. He's dynamite. He's different. He's off the wall
But the fact that a matter is he's putting all of his eggs in a dead basket, okay?
And believe you me that's what mode told me there's nothing worse than having a dead basket
For this Marlem thing you can whip it and you can flagulate it and you can beat it in a 120 to one
I don't care if they want 200 to one the fact is that there isn't one more even though it's a front-running foany town
It came over 500 the fact of the matter is that there is a one more person that it gives a flying cramp about it
Than they did yesterday before they want 20 to one any more before they lost 25 the night of Boston last Friday
Nobody cares. You're trying to force feed something, okay? Good luck to you more power to you
We can wait till Panthers season starts and give away we can fill up I'm not saying fill up because most of them won't show up
But we can give away three sections full of tickets
See given away stuff for free and South Florida is not what I would call like a major accomplishment
You follow what I'm saying in the free loading capital of the entire globe. Don't take any crap you got for free
Although you remember when you were trying to I know I take that back
I give them all a credit in the world because remember you were trying to give away Marlem tickets at Treasure Island
Okay, I filled a Marlins
Couldn't do it yet. Yeah, let me tell you right now. You pull a crap. That's what you're full. Oh, you're full of crap
Well, that's because you turned into a warehouse out there. That's fine. That's good
Free it fact let's announce it right now free sex for everybody at the Marlin game next time you're out there
There you go
For else gonna service everybody
Line them up in the header. I'll do it with a smile. Maybe service with a smile
Yeah, you know had a good time here this weekend. Let's say that
All those fags right here this weekend hundreds of the in fact I guarantee we had a hell of a lot more fags here this weekend
You've got people at the Marlin game all season long, but that's another story for another day
He's listen. He's an optimist. He's trying real hard
He wants to make that the centerpiece of his life and the only thing he can open is that baseball seasons over real quick
That that second half of the season just slides on by real fast and then we get to something we can really sink our teeth into it sound for a hockey
This is for trail by city
Oh god Neil
One is the total
And inside of Marlin game
Oh
Three we'll make it to the one that's the total attendance at the mall in the blood
To my way to see your home run at the Marlin game
Ha ha ha
You might be the only one to get a stroke from the sun
The
To be there all alone and have yourself the whole play
While you go for a walk and have a nice talk with the guy
The
ball in the
So you notice there is that the hostility there because for all's not doing this 10 to 2 or
part of it during these summer months.
Did you hear that?
Yeah well.
And what did I tell you before the show because he's not coming in there and bonding with
you guys in the morning anymore?
He's eating out in a hallway.
In fact, he's eating in his studio which Clarence said he's going to go in there and just
beat the crap out of him which was rather amusing.
Nice going Clarence.
Give it a good shot.
So sir, I can't be there to see all these interesting battles going on.
Missing all the fun.
Here's the poll result from yesterday which actor actress would cause you absolutely not
to see a movie that they're in.
1414 votes, pretty good response considering nobody's in town.
Ed Norton and Jean Gershon didn't have any.
See what's the point of people calling them in and then they don't even get one vote.
They get to call.
Oh, well that's good.
We like that.
Actually, we did have a lot of call.
Wippy Goldberg beat everybody hands down your pants.
173 don't want to be making Wippy or seeing Wippy they don't want no potter Wippy cushion
okay.
They cannot stand looking at that bitch and I agree.
Barbara Streisand, 114.
Oh you know something she's going to be on today's poll.
I forgot about her.
But she'll be on there.
What will we get to that?
Pauli Shore 98 Leo to Caprio 96 they don't come more macho than Leo.
Spike Lee 81.
Jean Clog God damn 60.
Adam Sandler 59.
Ted with Will Smith.
That's a good match right there.
It's hard to separate that pair.
It's like clearance in the beast.
Hard to separate him.
Adam Sandler will Smith.
He said 59 votes up.
Noxious.
Slice the lone 53.
Steven Seagal 45.
Sandra Pollock 38.
Now I think George who was out sick yesterday.
You'd agree with me that's unusual in cruel punishment.
Right.
What's wrong with her?
I don't know.
Isn't a lot of crappy movies but it's not her fault.
I mean she's cute.
I mean maybe she's a little bit too cutesy.
I don't know.
I actually never chose her breasts so maybe for those people that have a problem with that.
Yeah.
While Madonna shows her breasts anybody want to see her.
No, no, no.
I don't think so.
All the let's see.
She was a late addition on here.
Wasn't she or do we never put her on here?
We never put that bitch on here.
She's a better bender boy.
How could we have done that?
We missed Madonna.
Somebody called it in.
Actually somebody just called it right now to say that.
Well we apologize profusely.
Okay.
We screwed up.
Nobody's perfect.
All right.
It probably was a errors fault.
Jennifer Lopez 37.
Patrick Sleazy 35.
The rock 33.
Julia Roberts 25.
Another one that I'm a little.
Now see that's become it's become invoked to hate Julia Roberts.
Right.
Become very fashionable.
I think she's fine.
She's just I mean personally she may be obnoxious disgusting
screwed up bitch.
But then again, who isn't?
Okay.
And air drop of it was a good movie.
And sleeping with the enemy was an excellent movie, right?
I thought her performance in that movie was fabulous.
Nothing wrong with that.
Robert Downey Jr. 24 Martin Lawrence 24 Mickey work 21.
Sorry Mickey.
They don't like it too much.
John Vulton can't or Reeves each had 20.
Kevin Costner 19.
He should have had more than that.
He is coma inducing John Redder 17.
Chakaston 17.
Janine Graffalo 16 Tom Arnold 16.
Arnold Schwarzenegger 16.
Melody Griffith 15.
Bruce Willis 14.
Should have done better Richard gear 14.
Same person.
Are they Charles Groten was a late edition did 13.
He should have had more than that.
Ted Danson 13.
Now you can straighten that out.
Ted Danson was going with whoopee Gulberg.
That's for real, right?
Yeah.
Once upon a time right.
He never boy didn't believe that.
Was it him or was he or the beast didn't want to believe that?
The beast.
On a beast by the way that was a good spot.
He did that last break on for real show.
That was a good spot.
I didn't know he had it in him.
It sounded pretty good.
It sounded like you that usual amateur hour let usually those way screams too much.
But we're going to get the beast back on balance for life.
That's the good news.
Being a man of my word that I am.
I told Troy the boy this morning tourist.
I forgot to back under that fat tub.
Give him one more shot.
Okay.
One more shot.
For Tubby.
Try to save his life.
Rosie Perez and Mel Gibson each had 12.
McColley Culkin and Jeff Goldblum 10.
Ever see the two of them together?
Sally Fields and EGRC each had nine.
Michael Paray had eight.
You stuck that on there before you left.
Right.
He hasn't done anything that anyone would notice in a long time.
Yeah.
And there's a reason for that.
Oh.
He's been making a lot of B movies lately.
Eddie and Acruzion was hardly an A movie.
Well what A movie did he ever make?
Eddie and Acruzion's.
That was not an A movie.
It was a cult classic.
What?
Rob Schneider, Chris Rock and Tom Hanks each have seven.
Eddie Murphy and Meg Ryan, six.
Christian Slater, one of your least favorites
in Matthew McGonay, he had five.
Nicholas and the cage four.
Haley Joel Osmond, three.
Donnie Osmond was not here.
Eric Roberts and Brendan Fraser and Kurt Russell, two apiece.
Clint Eastwood, Samuely and Ashley Judd, each had one.
That's it out of over 1400 votes.
People who would prevent you for ever seeing a movie.
And sometimes you do that and you make a bad mistake.
You miss that on a really good flick
because you have that pre-puse prejudice.
Sure.
Like the Burt Rettled thing in Boogie Nights.
Who to thunk it?
Well, yeah, but he was good in deliverance.
Yeah.
That's one.
You wouldn't not watch deliverance
because Burt Reynolds was a well-known woman.
No, it's a good thing I saw deliverance
before I hated him.
How can you explain something to me?
Why don't we have these calls on here?
Here's Sonny Isles.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I watched Recklingham for a dream last night.
One word for the movie, disturbing.
Wow, awesome.
Uh-huh.
They got a good website.
I got a good movie on Columbia House.
Right.
And it was amazing.
It was a nice little hind shirt and a two.
And Recklingham had a good website.
You want to check it out.
OK.
So I'll have a go.
What's another movie you guys are talking about?
It's similar to this one.
Magnolia.
Yes, there was another one too.
Memento?
Yeah, that's it.
Thanks for the lot, boy.
You have a good one.
OK, enjoy it.
See what we're doing.
And I noticed for real, was talking
with me about movies a little bit there at the end.
He agreed once upon a time in America was great.
And Magnolia, although I didn't think he'd like Magnolia that much,
he said it was interesting.
You know, if he eats somebody's food and you say,
oh, how did you like it?
Oh, it was interesting.
Here it is.
Yeah.
Magnolia was great.
I watched it again last night.
Don't worry about the Easter eggs.
And it's not a big deal.
Somebody called about that yesterday.
And it's not any eight minutes.
It's like maybe three or four minutes.
And it's it's OK.
I mean, there are a couple of flubs and tom Cruise
cracks up a couple of times.
If that turns you on great, OK?
But the Easter eggs aren't really worth the effort.
But Magnolia is the best movie ever made.
It's not a debatable point.
There's no question about it.
You can go scene by every scene in that movie.
And it's over three hours long.
Every scene is classic.
Do you know what I mean by that?
I'm not debating it.
No, no, I'm just telling you, every scene in that movie
is a classic, right?
Every character in there, every acting performance is spellbinding.
Is that debatable?
Nope.
From the cop to what's his name who croaked?
It's not what you thought when you first began.
I said and watched that.
When that scene comes on, I watched that so intently.
You know, because it's just so brilliantly shot.
Yes.
And then when the spaz, the young wife is in a car just,
she's almost in a coma from drugs and booze.
And she's singing a song.
And what's his name?
They're old Ed Partridge.
Isn't that his name in a movie?
I don't know.
Whatever the hell his name is.
He's lying there on his deathbed with a tube in his nose.
And his lips are moving.
He's singing the song.
They're all singing it.
Oh, one of the outtakes.
Earl, Earl Partridge.
Earl Partridge, sorry.
You got him confused with Danny Partridge.
One of the outtakes was the cop.
You know, when they show him sitting on the bed
and he's doing his part singing the song
and that whole montage there, they go to the bed.
And it's really dark.
And like the camera's panning around.
So it's right to find him.
And he's on a bed faced out with his pants down.
He's moaning in the camera.
And everybody just cracks up and goes nuts.
It's, you had to be there to see it.
Be here, yeah, something that the clearance probably would like.
1026 at 560 QIM.
560 QIM.
And look off.
This is 420560 QIM.
Hey, Ferrell.
By the way, sir.
I've been given it some stuff.
See?
Oh, what do you think of this?
I know that me and you can do much better.
Go in 6 to 10 and not in 5.
A Gentile in the Frankie Jew.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
Snap down to tight.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die.
We'd be crappy together.
Why, I'll help you know that I'm a big mafia Jew
from Brooklyn High.
I've been raped by everybody but you.
You're not my type.
Me and Mo, this snack would blow.
No way that if we had a fight,
that you'd survive,
who'd wanna hear a Gentile
and push it like that's crappy together.
I'm a Gentile.
I'm a Gentile.
I'm a Gentile.
I'm a Gentile.
I'm a Gentile.
I'm a Gentile.
And so would you and me for me
is much better 6 to 10 than 5.
It's only right that I should get more sleep than night.
I think we might be happy take a day.
Snap.
SCREAM
I have to get there.
What, what, what, what?
What can be the night?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what, what?
What, what, what, what?
What, what, what, what?
What, what, what, what?
What, what, what, what?
What, what, what, what?
What, what, what, what?
What, what, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what?
1032-560 W.
So let me just set the record straight on one thing.
Okay. And of course, when we do that crossover,
I might as well just sit here and like, listen,
and make a few betterable sounds,
because once he gets, once he gets going,
there's no interjecting, you'll be like,
like that.
But when the first suggestion was made to all of us on the show
about him like picking up the slack on some of the Monday, Wednesday, and Friday
in the summertime, what was the response?
Great.
I'm like,
I'm like,
Oh, yeah.
That's good.
Sounds good to me.
And then they dittled around and dicked around,
and while Greg says this,
and for outside that,
and maybe he doesn't want to do it,
and maybe they misunderstood.
In fact, didn't he on this show say that he only wanted to come on on Friday?
Right.
And he said,
Right.
And he said,
And he said,
Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And he said, Right.
And of course,
Bina Boisher picked up the slack a lot, not...
I thought it was supposed to be the third option.
You scared the beast.
You've cout him.
He's afraid to open up his mouth around you.
Is that what it was?
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
I think that's what it was.
Jerry Seinfeld.
Friend Resher.
Eddie Murphy.
Jim J. Bullock.
That's my list so far.
I'm adding Barbara Streisand.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
She's got anti-Semitism written all over that nose
and both crossed eyes.
Wow.
Walking in anti-Semitism.
All I think Jerry Seinfeld.
Oh, and friend Resher.
The nanny.
There'll be some other ones added to our list.
You can get Georgia's life on hand.
Which of these people most represent the world.
For instance,
And only sexual or racial or ethnic stereotypes.
Jerry Seinfeld.
Resher.
Eddie Murphy.
Now, who's some other Black give assholes?
Chris Rock.
I am hearing a type.
He rips into all the neighbors and everything all the time.
Yeah, but his name didn't come to mind but you're right.
He doesn't need to be on there.
Eddie Griffin.
Eddie Griffin.
You have a bit making fun of him.
He's the undercover brother.
That guy.
Shocking in jivin.
Welcome in Eddie.
any gripping okay got it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and for my as Marlos line it's Wednesday that's a good news Wednesday
that means what's our big one to two hour coming up all comedy bits plus
let me just also give a plug for our couples contest because we're not they
get much action yet are we it always happens always starts out very very slow
and then they start getting really panicky when that but it's only the second
of July and the contest doesn't really start officially we don't put the
pictures up until July 14th which is a week from next Monday so we got almost
two weeks but you can email your pictures to contest at nearodgers.com is that
right correct contest at nearodgers.com and then we'll put them all up there on
Monday July 14 and the audience have a week to vote and in July 21st we
will have the top three for you with some good prizes which I'll read that
thing and little later on as soon as we figure out what it is five six seven oh
five say oh and not only not only couldn't you give Marlon tickets away at
Treasurer Island a couple of weeks ago do you remember what was happening people
were showing up trying to give theirs to us they were bringing them back and
trying to give them to these guys that's how badly they wanted them you know I
mean you know you can you can have a big party out there and turn it into
something else and give away a bunch of free tickets and people show up and
you know have a good time have a party that's fine but if you're gonna try to
convince me that all of a sudden you're gonna make people in South Florida
baseball fans or in a hockey fans it's like saying oh my god those people in
Alaska are gonna start buying a hall of all like by the case load right here's
highly one experience five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T in Verizon wireless line here's Miami hello
yeah yes sir okay hey I've been listening to you for years and I've agreed
with you 100% with usually every time you go out on this yeah for one
thing yeah this thing with the marines I'll get back for a little bit what do you
mean by that well you try you know you know you try to get people out there
sir let me say this in the town a few weeks ago I give I have already said it I
give him marks for making an effort but the fact is you see spinning his wheels
okay he's spinning his wheels it's like trying to sell God that lots of balls to
the Arabs they didn't gonna fly I mean when you say you saw in other words you
want me to also waste my time on my show trying to whip everybody up into a
frenzy no no no no no no no no no what do you mean by back him what am I supposed to do
he doesn't need my help that's what I mean don't don't try to make it negative
thing that's basically all no no no see I get this all the time about how negative I am
know it's the people of South Florida who are negative it won't support anything
don't look at me I tried getting people out tomorrow games I tried given yeah well
you know something you in this life you have to learn your lesson you have to
stop beating the dead horse and have a great day okay plus we don't want to talk
to people over the age of a hundred which is basically yeah I don't want to get
into it yeah why are you so negative I'm not negative it's the people of this
that area that are so freaking negative because I notice that every time he gets
into one of these tyrants it's also well also for Neil Roger as if I'm the
reason this sounds like John Henry all over again you know what I mean yeah
if the Arrogers would just be more enthusiastic then we get some people out here
right first I have a set morning show with Chuck Meyer that's right that was
when it started when I screwed up the Chuck Meyer morning show on IOD and
since then I have a relentless I haven't stopped being a real prick I have no
problem with I mean and the interesting part of it is to have listened to
about all the screaming in the Ellen on this station about David Samson and
Delilah and all of this other crap about the ownership and about what a
bunch of jerks they are and then all of a sudden they get out one a few games
and we got a new guy on the block who's you know the for whatever reason hitch
to start away to a dead situation now all of a sudden everybody's going to
care about the freaking Marlins every time we take a poll on the show we could do
it again today but I'm not gonna waste my time the interest is minimal to
non-existent oh sure there's a bunch of people watching for free on TV just
like that crap about Don Trell will us oh my god he's gonna be the hottest
draw and mad dogs on earth are going on about and every time he was on the TV
ratings went up because you can sit there at home and watch it for free that
doesn't mean getting off your ass and spending a few bucks it's the most
inexpensive sports ticket in town maybe if it's for free and maybe if you'll
give us a park and pass and maybe if you'll feed us and maybe if you'll put
on a goddamn porno show there and have a few strippers out there maybe we'll
show up if we're in the right mood and the moon isn't right in Uranus maybe I
didn't just arrive on a scene baby I've been around a long time in this town
okay and I've seen people beat their heads against the wall trying to promote
it's almost impossible even a couple years ago when a panthers had a big
year whatever the hell it was was how many years ago yeah when I had their best
home season it had been we had like one or two sellouts the whole season the
whole goddamn year and they had a phenomenal home market it was like about
three years ago and you can get on there and just waste your air time and then
the fact of the matter is all you're doing is tuning people out because the
majority of the people don't care about these things okay you can't force
feed stuff that people are all care about it what was number three on the list
two days ago when we did the poll about things that people don't ever want to
hear on this show sports was number one hockey was number three I rest my case
we didn't even waste their time putting the marlins on there there would have been
top ten ten forty two at five sixty WQM for the next two weeks it's the big
July fourth theola balance for life that's right you can get ten percent off
of the next two weeks when you mentioned the Arouders show the best deal that
they've ever offered so not only is the food delicious not only can you join
the beast who's back on and now and lose that weight but you can save some
money to ten percent off these next two weeks be sure in time that Neil
told you to call when you call balance for life don't forget no cooking no
shopping no cleaning no calorie or carbohydrate counting no worries just great
results the weight pours off your body and you're satisfied because the key is
that little black sack they deliver right to your door by six and a.m. three
gourmet meals two delicious snacks right to your doorstep every morning all the
food you need for the entire day five feedings of fresh delicious goodies
are in there you'll never go hungry on balance for life I guarantee you the
only choices you have to make are filling out that menu once a week you pick
between two alternatives for each meal every day that's run a program so let
balance for life help you lose that weight once and for all if you're
overweight out of shape lethargic you have no energy at all if you're a
diabetic or on a verge let balance for life help you lose that weight calm
today and be sure and tell me heard about it on this program nine five four five
six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty
nine or check them out on their website at balance for life dot com
five and a
un
Floridians done
She's a burned up big mouth.
Cheryl's grow is a worn out height.
Just shine and fight hold.
Cheryl's grow is a white and a white home.
She's a Malays loser.
Every day you can hear her whine.
I wish somebody could.
1047 and 560 WKM.
I thought that I forgot about Hillary, didn't you?
I was hoping to pray.
No, it's not going to bite the chicken.
Just a couple of sentences here.
Oh, and also I hit the jackpot.
I was going to vote for Jerry Seinfeld and I looked at that thing and I thought, no, he's dripping with it.
New York, Jewie kind of look.
But nobody comes close to Fran Drescher.
So I voted for him.
And we're going to choose just a drawn away from the packs.
He's already got 26 votes.
Man.
In fact, the ADL and the JDL and everybody else should be protesting against the reruns of that show.
That's not still on it.
I'm sure it's long gone.
In syndication.
Ooh.
Rosie Perez.
When you stop, when you stop with that fixed stuff, Hillary writes, my sister is, see, it's truly off here.
My mother's sister.
Yamama.
My mother's sister is a bell was born in 1924.
The girls were often shuttled from one relative to another and from school to school.
Never sit saying anywhere long enough to make friends.
Maybe that's when she got the roots for her ice princess routine.
In 1927, my mother's young parents finally got a divorce.
Wearing those days in a terrible shame.
Neither was willing to care for their children so they sent their daughters from Chicago by train to live with their paternal grandparents in Alhambra,
a town near the San Gabriel Mountains east of Los Angeles.
On the four-day journey, eight-year-old Dorothy was in charge of her three-year-old sister.
End of today's reading from the Hillary book called Living History by Hillary Rodham Clinton.
It is terminal.
It is ponderous.
I think I'm doing a big service there, okay?
I'm almost through two pages.
I hate you.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And regardless of what you're at, stress to peddilya, go see Magnolia.
Go get it, go win it, or buy the DVD.
It's well worth it. It's one of the great movies of all time.
Even though you're not satisfied with the ending.
Which I still find it bizarre that you like the ending and once upon a time in America, that was okay.
I didn't say I liked it.
Oh.
Well, after four hours it had it had it end eventually.
Right. I'm just glad to be released.
Oh, God.
It had it end soon or later in this case.
Although they were kind enough to put an intermission down there.
Although, that's funny.
The intermission is on this.
It's in the middle of this too on the CD set.
What do they do that?
What? Just so you don't miss it.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, Mr. Hodge.
But in Godfather, there was an intermission in Godfather too.
I know.
And gone with the wind.
Go on with the wind.
There you are.
Because people got to go pee.
You know, they got to go do the stuff.
Plus they want you to go out and buy a bunch of crap to rot your teeth with too.
They want your money.
56670560, pound 560.
Neil, can't you be a little bit more positive?
Can't you be one of the front-running phonies like the rest of us here?
Here's Boyton V.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can we add Jackie Mason to the list?
Yes, we certainly can.
We can add Jackie Mason.
He's one of those very obnoxious.
Neil, have you seen, we all hate Leo.
Have you seen gangs of New York?
Is he in it?
He's in it, but that's the idea.
Why would you ask if I've seen it?
If he's in it, I ain't seen it.
Well, Daniel Day Lewis is awesome in that movie.
Yeah.
It's worth it just to watch it.
I'll take your word for it.
And you get to watch Leo get his face feet in, so it's worth it.
Oh, like I said, I'm thinking about it.
Okay, thanks for the good news, Palli.
Thanks, Neil.
Have a great day.
Okay, have a great, in fact, have you ever seen Jackie Mason and Mo together?
No.
No, something to think about.
They both have that same kind of pedantic sound, right?
I could tell you something about Mo, but I don't want to go into it on the year here today.
I want to have a nice pleasant last couple of days before my summer schedule starts.
I could go into that thing, but I won't for right now for the moment.
Mo talk about paranoid and delusional and psychotic and just a real piece of dirt.
Even for Alice Moring, didn't you about you didn't hear it?
Because you don't listen to Q.A.M. shame on you.
How about you, Venerboy heard it?
Did you hear the part where Scott was talking about how the atmosphere in the building went?
He says, I love Mo, but, but.
And then he went through the thing about how everybody would, when Mo is there,
it's like when a school teachers around, everybody's walking on eggshells,
it has to be on their best behavior, which I think was a very kind way of saying that everybody hates them like poison, which he's already said.
Yeah, and his comments will get worse.
And it's absolutely true.
I mean, the week that I was down here, because I only saw Mo in passing a couple of times, like two ships in the night.
Oh, I thought that a big celebrity like you would be driven to work in us limo every day.
Yeah, that kind of crap.
But at any rate, I only saw him like for a few seconds, which I could handle.
But the rest of the time, it was like a party atmosphere in a whole building.
So for while not only the audience love his act, but also the, he's got all of that tremendous positive vibe because he's not Mo.
See what I'm saying? He's got like a double whammy there.
He can't miss.
Even though he would like to do this show starting next Monday.
Take a check this out.
Wow, that's that flush.
Nanny.
Oh, it's on now somewhere.
Yeah, lifetime.
Oh, geez.
I hate that bitch in that show.
Now look at.
Tody.
See her name was spelled.
She's dead.
First of all, she hasn't been on her walk.
She's dead.
Tody was TOT and Scott TOT.
Well, she was like a big fat boofo toad.
Tody feels she's dead and so are Jessica Parker.
And then you stop with that.
Here's one that says how about Ricky Tiki Martin.
I don't know.
I think he's fooling a lot of stupid women out there.
Don't you?
Oh,
a real type of he representing.
Thank.
Oh, are they talking about spick?
I don't know.
There were go other time.
No, no, no, no.
No, in fact, if you wanted to put somebody dead on there, how about Desi Arnez?
All right.
Lucy.
I mean, he let's put him on there.
Okay.
Well, there's an ugly stereotype.
He was an accurate stereotype.
No, no.
Oh, were you stopped?
What?
Oh, that's how that's how Cubans are like Desi Arnez.
I had to choose.
I mean, they're not all band leaders.
And cognitive on players, but they don't like that.
They dress like that.
I heard that story about the band leader.
They're like Andy Garcia.
They'll beat up their wives.
And I want Desi Arnez on the list.
Okay.
I think he'll get a lot of votes.
Lucy.
Lucy, I mean, come on.
Let's see Charles Berkeley.
Yeah, but Charles Berkeley is, well, he's a ball player.
And we don't want to put athletes on there.
Says, hey, Scott Farrell, time will tell.
Time will tell.
Neil is God Scott.
Whatever that means.
He has goldie took a shot at most ages this morning.
I wish I had that.
Oh, when I love to hear that.
How old did he say he was?
About 30, man.
Times three.
Man, oh, man.
She's some good stuff is going on.
I was getting really juicy at QM.
This is what the audience can stick their teeth into.
They love it.
They like it a lot.
Even though, of course, somebody is on vacation.
And he's very indignant that you should say this.
And you should say that.
And then, blah, blah, blah.
Friend Reshers got 37.
Eddie Murphy's got 11.
Jim J Bullock 9 screamer.
Now, I was going to put Charles Nelson Raleon there,
but he we don't see him anymore except on a match game.
Not alone.
No, but we don't see Desi Arnez except that reruns
because he's been dead for about 20 years.
Yeah, but let's put Charles Nelson Raleon there.
We're going to have a few fags.
Because that's generally what the media does best is represent all minorities
with the ugliest, most stereotypical.
In fact, Hollywood squares, which we mentioned the other day,
always had to have either Paul Lind or some other really fruity guy
in a center square.
Now, don't get me wrong.
I love Paul Lindy.
But he was a real food cake.
Who's some of the other screamer?
Oh, and then they had that jackass from the advocate Bruce.
What else is his name?
The Lanch.
Bruce Velland.
Oh, my God.
I want to go back in a closet when I see that queen on there
with a blonde wig and a whole deal.
He, I think he and the freaky Carlos to make a great pair of those two.
Maybe they'll all look.
We put him on there, but I don't think anybody knows who's that.
Who's that?
No, they don't.
And then, the
grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas, the grandmas,
the grandmas, the grandmas, when I was in, I was, I was in
class 19 D2 ranked 5 to 16 straight men on a
stage of India throughout the country.
Plus staking this twice or three Shakespeare sponsorship off
of Kimmelwood on the stage ofoming concert,
Also, you have to add Andrew Dice Clay
Okay, whatever what stereotype does he know whatever one I'm not putting him on it. What stereotype?
Ginnies no forget about him. Oh here you go Carol O'Connor all in the family no
You think no, I mean while he's a stereotypical
Britain big it but you know and JJ Walker
I don't think either one of them qualify for list all over JJ was a little bit a little bit the top five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18 and team for rise and wireless line. How much do you care about the Marlins?
That's our pull question today and would you like some free tickets?
Here here's the column west Palm Beach hello
Hi, the all right. Yeah, pretty good sir
Good I'd like to
Well, first of all I ask a question I've ever seen for real and Harvey Pires team together. No, I have it as a matter of fact
Oh, okay, that's that's all these suspicious. How about Harvey Pires team for the poll?
Yeah, that's a good one. Okay, no Magnolia
What do you mean by that? The movie Magnolia and the character Donnie my god, I'm not so hard
Yeah, how did weren't the scenes in it then that bar unbelievable?
Unbelievable
Brad the bartender and
The guy who's Henry Gibson from laughing who was just phenomenal and then poured the Wiz kid or whatever it was
Yeah, when he falls off the building. Oh my god, I couldn't have left so hard
But like we said before to show a judge now we're discussing at least when he fell off the building
He actually had a legitimate reason for the dental work
Have a great day, palmy. Thank you. That wasn't that was great. There were like about three trips back into that bar scene
And it was great. I have a lot of love to give. I just don't know where to put it back to him that immediately came out
That's what clearance has been sent. He has a lot of love to give
He didn't know where to put it until recently and he finally found a receptacle
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Friend rest your she's just run away from the pack everybody hates the nanny
I'm so glad I changed there, you know
124 votes. I see desi is on her. You know, I have Mike Tyson. We just barely got on her. He's already got a vote
Probably from some dark guy who's pissed off and fired up
Friend rest your 54 Barbara Streisand 20 yantle
Jim J. Bullock 16 Eddie Murphy 13 jury sign filled 10 Charles Nelson Marley 5 Eddie Griffin 5
Mike Tyson and one and nobody else got any yet including Christopher little who just who just popped it up
Let me ask you something. Yes, do you have this on your DCS?
Mike Tyson
What is it? There it is just that was it. Yeah, you must have it. Mike Tyson. No, it's just Mike Tyson dropped
No, I don't have that
Are you sure?
I do like it a lot but I don't got it. Sorry. All right one for the thank you so much
56705 505 50 let's see for the list another committee in Richard Lewis a
Why need Jewish complainer oozing with guilt Richard Lewis do I know who that is you've seen him
You would know him if you saw him. He's probably on his hair and
Yeah, not can himself in the form. I probably throw still lots of balls at him
Okay, get him on her Richard Lewis another dick also Queen Latifa
And this one's cute
This one ties right in what we were talking about before the show
It says his uncle Reem is too long ago. He says dead is desi arenaz
Uncle Reem was in a real person
That's the difference as opposed to Lucy Lucy desi arenaz Lucy
I can't remember him saying anything else but Lucy
You got some explaining to do yeah some explaining that's another one
How about Fred Merz
Not for today's poll, but just how about Fred Merz and other yeah
567 Vivian Vance in your pants Ethel Merz that was uh, I don't know see I don't watch that show anymore now the one where you will
We've all got to memorize why would we need to watch that but I'm saying even if I I don't know it's it was
It was ground and it's day was great and one and one or two of the episodes like the mom where she's got the candy and the conveyor belt her and she keeps
Shemling in her purse but other than that it's just you know the great stomping in Italy episode
Here's a lady and Morris plans new joysie. Hello
Hey Neil. I just tuned in. I kind of feel like I'm walking in the middle of the movie
That's okay. I listen to you on the web every day great your excellence
Yes, I tell you I saw a beautiful mind
um
With Jennifer Conley and I can't look at her anymore to me. She's Marion silver
Yeah from Marion
Well, just pretend that Marion came back
Yeah, there you go, you know, I look at her I see I have to ask which you know only
People would appreciate right and uh, and I mean she's in the Hulk which I would never see in a million years, but um
We're parry at where where do I find him? I'd like I'll beat you to him
I bet you will don't they look alike and he can't he can't right yeah
I made that comment that what is one scene there where they're on the couch in the middle of the movie
You bet and they look like the same person only he's got a little bit better here to
samsadee almost the whole thing. I mean he's good. I don't know that I've ever seen him
But um, I'll look for him desperately and I will go to see a pirate movie which I would have never expected hearing myself say
Just as he Johnny
He's coming out this week Johnny depth. He's coming out
I can't wait for that maybe 20 years too late. Yeah. Well, he's he's gonna be in that a new pirate movie and
He'll be worth the price of admission
Okay, sweetheart. How do I go holiday?
Listen one quick thing because you imagine for Ellen Lynn Samuels together is a duo. There you go
I'll tell a teeniel. Thanks. Bye. See you
I'm sure Lynn we go for that so well for anything in this point to keep screwing her over Yankeen or off the air
She's in Vegas by the way, so she's not listening
56705 60 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line as to ask poor Jennifer
Now speaking of a beautiful mind. I got it. I'm glad she mentioned it because I haven't watched it yet
Well, highly tattered by beener boy. Yep, and me who didn't get the title right but he was close
It's got it sitting in the other room. I've got about four or five that I have it well. I'll be good for over now
But I have all this time on my hands
It's gonna be great starting on starting on Fridays matter fact on the 4th of July holiday and then next week for all's gonna be doing the show
Not
Now he's really pissed off about that. I guess he I think
Pay him something it does bug me a little bit that he looks at is though was like my decision and I don't want him to
In the show and yet we we welcomed him with open arms and legs and armpits
But the fact of the matter is it did they made it into a big they thought he was the volunteering
See Scott let me just try to this don't ever use the word volunteer at qa. I remember with a beastly broadcast people
Not a good word to you is volunteering
I have a breathless breathless call from Duff and Clarence. Oh my god. This is so exciting
He's wants to help us out yet and then it come to find out that
Wasn't exactly what they saw it to be and it just went back and forth and it we finally had to just make a decision
Everybody was dicking around too much, okay? I don't uh
We've already been dicked around with enough on the show Scott. You're a newcomer under block
And we've got dicked around for a year and a half first with going back to nine to one which suck and then following Mo
Which sucked even bigger time in March of last year. So suck on somebody else's show
I still I can see him in here tomorrow morning with gildey can't you?
Yeah, I don't want to give anything away
Okay, you'll have to tune in
From past 11 at 560 WQM if you're on the Atkins diet or any of the other ziggin low carb diets that are around there
You get really frustrated when you go into your supermarket because they don't have much that you can eat
Almost everything in there is loaded with carbs
But it delights the West Bokers just the opposite anything on a shelf is good for you because they've got over 900 low-carb sugar free products
Just loaded with stuff that you're looking for Delights a West Bokers introducing new products every month including right now
Try the new low carb instant cup of soup all you do is just add water and microwave
It's a low carb meal in a cup for delicious flavors
Be sure and check out the almond snack cakes the blondies and six different flavors the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with
Thank goodness
No maltitol finally something sweet and delicious with none of that
Inducing cramp carburet ready to drink chocolate vanilla shakes a low carb meal in a can and Judy's low carb peanut riddle
Bible with unbelievably great taste. Why sure would like some of that?
Look don't you love peanut Bible yep, and I have low carb hot cocoa apple cider blondies brownies and delights incredible selection of low carb
Pasta sauces dressings chips chocolate and they're very world famous carbolite ice cream too
Come in and you can try and before you buy them too all day every day the atkins brands products are on sale at Delights a West Bokal
And daily 10 to 10 on the northeast now can we give their address?
Because some people in Boka get really
Testy about that they're on the northeast corner of glazed in 440 one right next to Boston market in Boka you can
Call them toll free at 1 8 let's put it on our website
Call them toll free at 1 877 low carb or shop on our reddit low carb.com
Don't forget that's the lights of West Boka your official atkins retail center
You
Howard David's a bitch
Let's tell you that one thing I know
And what I like about sport hall ready. Yo, I want to talk about it. Talk about it. That my life all around
Watching them play games of doing the waves
Happy for to neither get any late. I want to talk about talk about it. My life all around
I'm afraid the women they got breath and got a lot of hoodies on their breath
I'd rather watch men play with their balls and join them in the shower
Oh
my sweet
I'd
I
Anyway
I'm afraid of women anyway
There's a real show what to say
But I can watch ESPN on night long
Waking up my tiny shun
Oh!
So tight, with so sweet
I haven't been a fool or as a sweet
I want to talk about it, talk about it
Wrap my life all around
Wrap my life all around
Wrap my life all around
Wrap my life all around
Sworn
Absolutely
Look at IT at 560 WQM now
I'm gonna play Dennis Leary
Okay
Because there's another package down there
And there might be another disc
I
And so I'm gonna run right downstairs
And then this is 4 1 1 2 minutes
I think I can probably make it back before it's over
But just in case
Yeah?
I'll go take a crap
Ha ha ha ha ha
Yeah, let's leave Beenerboy holding the sand
Maybe we'll be back and then again
Maybe not
No, I was gonna have to
Who cares?
Folks
I'd like to see a song about American Dream
About me
About you
About the way our American hearts beat way down
And the bottom of our chest
About that special feeling we get in the cockles of our homes
Maybe the Golden Cockles
Maybe in the sub-cockle area
Maybe in the liver
Maybe in the kidneys
Maybe even in the colon
We don't know
I'm just a regular Jew
With a regular job
I'm your average white
Suburban ice love
I like football
And porno
And books about war
I got an average house
Where the nice art would pour
My wife
And my job
My kids
And my car
Off you know my table
And I killed it
So go
But sometimes I'm just
Painting up
To keep a man like me
Oh no
No way
I know I've got to go
I don't have fun
That someone else is expense
Oh yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I try really slow
In the ultra fast lane
While people
Behind me
Are going insane
I'm an ex-boy
I'm an ex-boy
I'm an ex-boy
I'm an ex-boy
I use public toilets
And I piss on the seat
I walk around in the summertime
Saying, how about this yeast?
I'm an ex-boy
I'm an ex-boy
I'm an ex-boy
I think you're an ex-boy
Sometimes I bar
In the handicap spaces
While handicap people
Make handicap spaces
Of an ex-boy
You're the ex-boy
You're the ex-boy
You're the ex-boy
You're the ex-boy
Baby, I shouldn't be singing this song
Ranting and raving and carrying on
Baby, they're right
They tell me I'm wrong
Nah, I'm an ex-boy
You're the ex-boy
You're the ex-boy
You're the ex-boy
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna get myself a 1967 panel
I killed a Ronald convertible
I think with a wails
In a hop-chap
In all other cow-in-carrier
And think round baby, see-al-ice
And I'm gonna cry round that baby
That's 150 miles per hour
That's getting one mile per gallon
Second now, four to five inches
British McDonald's
The old fashioned, not by the great-of-a-style container
And when I'm done sucking down those three small burgers
I'm gonna wipe my mom with the American flag
And then I'm gonna talk to the style from containers
Right off the side, and then I'm gonna cut damn thing
Anybody can do it, but you know what?
Because we got the bomb
That's why it's too words
Nuclear f**king weapons
Okay, Russia, Germany, Romania
They can have all the democracy they want
They can have a big democracy cake
We're off right through the middle, it's the end of it square
And it won't make a lick of difference just because we ain't got the bomb
So dad, John Wayne's not dead
He's frozen, and as soon as we find a cure
If I can't, we're gonna fly around that duke
And he's gonna be pretty pissed off
You know why? The duke is taking a cold shower
We won't apply that by 15 million times
That's how pissed off the duke's gonna be
I'm gonna do a John Decivetti's
And leave arm and nail and sand-tack and fall
And I face a wade and try down a jack sink
You know who really aren't at all?
That you just shut up to sing the song, pal
Come on, that duke!
Come on, that duke!
Come on, that duke!
Come on, that duke!
Hey, SSH-O-L-E-O-N-S-S-S-S-S-O-L-E
Hey, I'm gonna die
Hey, I'm gonna die
Hey, I'm gonna die
I'm gonna die
Come on, that's all
And I'm proud of that
So I wonder if we're gonna make it back on time or not
Yeah
A lot of time this spirit came back to us
144 left on Dennis Liri
How do you like that?
Very good. I got all right there in the cup
What is it? Huh? What?
five six seven oh five
look at that phone all of a sudden
there what all happened we were
smoking right out of the
village on that's where we're not a Marlon
tickets damn it anybody wants them
come on we want you to go there and
have a big party in your pants
at the Marlon game what do you say
got done 12 pitching tonight Marlon's
120 to one last night it's their
step sisters the abrasive water
forfeit all those games against the Marlon's every season
come on you'll help for well out what do you say
no here's Miami hello
nil yes sir hey I had a couple for
your list there yeah early one
well stereo dimple uh... how about red fox
no no no no and her burn heart
typical lesbian no i can't
i don't have any joe petty no wow okay
i'm struck out nice try my deal
how about a stereo typical gweed oh who
that would that be
well we have to be from uh... well give me a good one
a stereotypical gweed oh oh i know who i know who be a good one
Danny i yellow okay okay he he was in uh... he was in once
upon a time in america were you worth that or he know
i forgot oh my god man he couldn't act then he can't act now
he knows somebody i still say he's got some of
these pictures he was the uh... the corrupt cop in
the once upon a time in america now that you mentioned it
no maybe it wasn't once upon a time in america what the hell movie was that
see i watched so many movies the last couple of months that they're all like
blended together again was it i don't i saw what's the time
once a time upon in america like 1920 years ago
or was it Bob Roberts that he was that i don't know
now during the break i'm gonna have to look that up put a monitor i can't stand
him cannot stand him real uh
and who's the other one that uh... that is all those
is it a guy from uh... sopranos
who james gandalfini he's he's one
no he's yeah
but he's not as greedy we should know yeah yeah and it's better fact that that's
a that's an effected weed always them for the sopranos yeah in other things
let's see here's a set's in an observance of uh... oh i love i feel so much
better now got the great greed signature with the squiggle on the bottom with a
whole bunch of extra flourishes
an observance of independence they will close the office at three thirty p.m. on
thursday july third please make certain that all your responsibilities are
fulfilled before you leave our offices will be closed for a july four have a
safe and happy holiday and i hate George son Greg
oh look at this this is kind of cute
mohauer david as the stereotypical cranky old you from the earth living in
south florida shame on you we're not putting moh on here are we
oh absolutely i don't do it
that all huh david alos was from what's upon a time in america
told you and well the reason i'm questioning that is because he looked exactly
the same denizy does now the movie was made 19 years ago
and Richard Simmons how could we have left richi Simmons off of there right we
forget as the biggest screaming queen to ever live hasn't been dealing to any
meals lately i guess they haven't met uh... uh... freaky carlos up front also with
his arm celebrating my independence while i still have it by getting a heck out
of this country going to Toronto for the weekend it should be great all right
right on the coast is clear were sarsfree sarsfree here in the fax city
as far out calls it he gave his left nut to be here see it's too late sky you
already admitted that loves this town loves hockey
he's just putting on the act he's playing oh he's he's there so he's making a
best of it 27 past eleven at five sixty the rumor is he's going to be on
instead of uh... guilty tomorrow morning i'll have to tune in
you know when your hair is bad and it's fallen out in clumps you start
developing that big shiny spot in the middle of your head absolutely there
are a lot of things you can do about it you walk around with the dead animal who
just kind of like gets a nest on top of your head
or you can look really great with the Charles Alfie or a natural headline system
the best in the universe at any price
and right now Charlie's offering his summer special hair system only five hundred
and forty nine bucks for first time customers and the reason it's so great is
because it looks like the real thing it looks like it's going out of your
scalp instead of like a barnyard animal hopped up on your head and died
if you already have a hair system you can save yourself fifty percent on service and
repair on all kinds of hair systems including
shampoo and trim as well it's a perfect opportunity to give Charlie a try nothing like Charlie's
trim and if you travel to her his hair system for 30 days and don't love the way it looks and
feels and smells after a month we turn it get you a money back Charles Alfie or he's the benchmark
of the industry so don't delay called Charlie the day and look better and younger than you ever
dreamed you could look again call tool free one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen
that's one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen or check out their website
Charles Alfie or he dot com
right and local here sports radio five sixty two and you a yeah
and over here hi this is Richie Simmons and since you haven't been sending
money for anything lately I developed a big load of new diet merchandise
like my sweating to the oldies video then you'll love my new sweating to the oldies the
older and when I work out honey I put out a sense that could strip the bark off a red one
so don't offend while you bend get my deodorant step and you like my deal of meal then you'll love
my new Richie Simmons diet poker games you play deal with your friends and with all their food
and I've got a new line of workout underpants are hot how can we guarantee you'll lose weight
because after listening to Richie Simmons for just 10 minutes you won't be able to keep anything
down I love it thirty two she's a real trip a real and by the way worse in person that on tv
much worse you know who I love one million pounds for me not him can you believe that happen
again at the word at the least propitious possible time I was thinking more like do you know who I
am I'm mo green I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders I just love mo green of
all the characters in the godfather he's one of my not the favorite but one of my very favorites
yes it is a good pull someday George right your favorite godfather character favorite godfather
character from all three movies that huh I like sunny sunny was a pip centino right nobody beats you
up like sunny he gets a shoe get garbage cartilage can lead working in there yeah you know that
that be my vote too and he sure made a nice piece of a tight and Swiss cheese didn't he yeah well
how do I want to cause way five six seven oh five sixty friend reshore so far winning the
walking anthirantis cemetism vote which of these people most represents an ugly sexual racial
or ethnic stereotype friend reshore the nanny 64 out of 133 votes she's way out ahead
Barbara Streisand 33 my Tyson 30 and he was a late addition thanks to me
Jim j bullock 20 Eddie Murphy 15 Jerry Seinfeld 14 Charles Nelson Riley 12 Jackie Mason 10
Christopher Lowell 7 Eddie Griffin 6 and Desi Arnez Lucy has got a peer
I can't take of any other uh spits to put on her can you Rosie Perez you want to put a runner
J. Low no she's not she's not uh she's a big head talk on it you have you heard her in an
interview no no thanks baby talk recon no yeah but not as bad there goes your recon stuff again
Rosie Perez get her ass on her okay we got to have some maulio's on her and huliets five six seven
oh five sixty pound five I'll tell you one how about Freddie Prince uh senior all right huh
anybody be able to feel it too good he was pretty damn stereotypical five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and teen Verizon line here's a lady in four-loader deal hello
hi nail this is Kathy hi Kathy I'm fine daily listener of college you before two things my husband
home today um and I wanted to play yeah if you would play that recording when Joe Rose tells
low-hour day that absolutely I'd love to play that yeah he's my husband got me hooked on you
five years ago and I listened daily um you've been discussing killery's book and um I read every book
that you've recommended from blinded by the right stupid right man hiding in the president um
and I reached the conclusion that you know ever it's people are stupid as you say every day
yes they are they you try to make points with them they don't want to hear it and
the other night I happened to turn on television and and cultler was on meet the press and culture
culture yeah I can never forget that's smelly but yeah oh I see you know one of your
collars was talking about an actor yesterday he said um he urqued him and I don't think there's
anyone that urqued me as more she is written this book on treason trying to blame all the Democrats
and um Chris Matthews so well I don't agree with you and he quoted to Republicans that
you know didn't believe in going to war with the rack and he said well how do you feel about that
she says well that's okay I respect them and he said well what are you saying this is like a double
standard and he ended up saying you know I don't agree with your book and that was it I mean
she is a nasty woman yes nasty mean spirited speech and she was on film our couple months ago
and called ex president Clinton and Jimmy Carter jackasses but yet you know can't say a thing
the Democrats we can't speak out but daily listener and you're the one that's you know the voice
here because these people they have no clue amen have a great day so happy for it same to you bye bye
now do we have that your rose thing I want to give you an update of what took place just now
off the air because I think it's important you hear this Howard just called the radio station Howard
David who I get along with great I thought he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up
my point back to Howard is don't listen listen to 101.5 let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard
maybe 102.7 some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family
and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station he's becoming Howard
the caller like Howard from Boka Howard from Boka it's like you know it's okay so anyway he's
listening so just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too just for a record don't
call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private
line congratulations you know the private line number that's great but don't call because you're
not coming on this show I'm ready you got your three hours five to eight Monday through Friday you
can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show I'm listening leave it at that all right
I'm listening I guess nothing against you you seem like a decent person and I know you've been
getting that taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else but it's over me and you
don't absolutely now what was that I'm listening what is that something that was dropped off
to us this morning that's lovely how many is listening right now hey mo have a crappy holiday okay
have a horrible vacation I hope your muskrat runs away you know I just had a great idea George
yeah because I had to play that off the disc you know that it brought back with me yeah that's
got a lot of interesting stuff like Howard from Boka like that on it since I'm gonna have all
this extra time on my hands now if you what you need to do now that I'm an expert on the 360
absolutely I could certainly put this stuff in the DCS I did that before ages ago when we first
they moved over to QA then I forgot how to do it I'll walk you through it can you imagine
the wealth of material I could put in there during these next few a couple of months I mean
that would be more difficult than just swapping the hard drives out so that you could get this
updated one up there now we don't want to do that that takes too long it involves engineers
and the whole we don't need to do that that's the point I'm trying to make plus at that point I put
in here stuff in my own DCS here that I want see what I be saying no problem I'll walk you right
through it absolutely in fact what you can do is you can like write it out and fast me a sheet
we have to we have to interface because I don't know which configuration they gave you up there
and there's two different ways to do it depending on which one they did I see so like tomorrow
morning don't forget about that will not a team here's a here's a fact from our most chronic of
all factors who says have a great day have in fact in weeks right how about a stereotypical
subhating queen misgrudge now that's that's accurate but again that's not the kind of stereotype we're
looking for don't forget now speeder boy don't let him forget writing it down as you said very very
important Neil on the DCS getting Neil working up to a frenzy see other than just have it all
at leisure time yeah you don't I almost feel bad about that thing with Ferrell and this but you
know it's not his show say I almost feel bad about it but this morning he finally like leaked it
out I I told you at last couple days I've warned you that I had a feeling he was getting a little
nervous about that he was upset that we weren't inviting him to do a summer film here but we did
invite him and then they got it all screwed up because he actually wanted to get paid I can imagine
right well they're they're it's not in the cards and I can do that I'm going to pay you and pay him
pay me and all of this other stuff it's just not their deal but the point I'm trying to make is
keep in mind that Ferrell came in he did a few fillings okay for like about a week or two then
but I'm being before you know it all of a sudden he's got his own show and he's jamming
Moe back in there in the middle of the night thank God absolutely right but just kind of like
stick with I don't try to branch out too fast that would be my advice far be it for me to tell
you what to do but don't try to like spread your testicles out too far like a giant guy damn
thing you know I'm talking about no what are you talking about like an octopus oh
just keep your testicles and tentacles in there from like about 756 to 1004 and for the time
being everything will be fine 1204 155 like I said as long as I get paid he can have all your time
he wants 19 till noon at 560 WQM if you're in a really crappy dead end job maybe colleges to
expensive you have four years to sit around waiting to get educated for a job if you can afford
10 bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months our good friends at
fast train can help you achieve you new high paying computer career and I say our good friends
because they are in spider-todd records of miracle that's right only 10 bucks a month and three
nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify and you can say goodbye to that dead
end job and get yourself a real career and a big fat paycheck call fast train 860 in South Florida
there's about to be one nearby you they're in Miami Kindle Pemberpines and Fort Lauderdale too
call 866 fast train you'll talk to a train career counselor they offer you a day evening and weekend
schedules job placement hands-on training call our good pizons at fast train 866 fast train
their deferred payment is valid for a year regular payment supply their actor whether you're
a high school student on summer break just sitting around the diddling your thing somebody
an underpaid dead end job or just looking to increase your net worth and you want a real career
and a real life this is one way to do it call fast train today at 866 fast train or check
them out of that wicked worldwide web at fast train dot com
lick it and stick it finally there's a tv channel for rednecks well besides TNM
it's the WT wide trash television tonight at eight join Jeff Foxworthy as he pits two
teams of good old boys against one another and see it who can keep their head in a box of the
box cat on fur vector and tonight at nine Jeff Foxworthy will pit two teams of shade free
mechanics again one another to see who's first to put together a running vehicle from parts
off a tour of cars in Jeff's truck yard all while raking lots of air on good yard wars
and it's in if you love them fighting robots and we know you do be here when your host Jeff Foxworthy
pits two teams of inbred retards using cattle pros to make blind folded cowl run into one another
on the premiere episode of cattle bots all that plus classic reruns of the Jeff Foxworthy show
tonight on the WT white trash television all around this Canada wins a 2010 winner or Olympic
study like that Vancouver and Whistler BC that major bulletin Justin how do you like this
taking away what we see deliciously different mara water deliciously different mara water
remember that yeah whatever the hell whatever his name was he had his four seconds of thing
five six seven that's why you'd like it up there in Vancouver when George when I retire
George is moving to Vancouver right I'm gonna have a shrimp farm being a boy is going back to Cuba
to straighten those bastards out I don't see Rosy Perez on here I could be wronged your
uh beater well she's awfully short look lower I mean she's hiding under uh desiarenes and
her is body I was also curious whether that Jeff Foxworthy bit was because you wanted to put
Jeff Foxworthy on there no okay uh no you think no Rosanna would be a better example yeah just
stick to the stick to deal with Eric okay five six seven oh see all of a sudden today he's
talking again yesterday it was like mum he was terrified because the beast was in the area I don't
know what he was doing to him trying trying on his leg probably five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a call from Hollywood hello
hey Nelly pretty good I've got one for you for the list uh how about Rip Halo oh yeah that's a
good one yeah I mean I was just way too much I mean you know besides that just completely annoying
with the confetti they always had people like that on the Gong show he was one of them uh yeah
a whole bunch of those flamboyant the screamers yeah yeah they got a movie for you I don't know you
probably seen it but uh cinema parody so you ever see it yes I did twice it's an excellent movie
okay all right great show thank you thanks palie have a great day all right rip Taylor that's a good
screamer I mean good uh one for the list already got tomorrow's pull here thanks to me I'm not
gonna let you do it why should I come up with a good idea like that and then let you off the hook
right for old times say can't do it Georgie who's your favorite character from the three godfather
movies okay now I don't we don't want to hear about that today okay because I know the list
what well no if I just mentioned that they'll be calling me oh well what about Climans so
I'm working on that tomorrow all right breaky potentially yeah
yeah right actually Franky Franky how may godfather characters can you name
fuck third man most of probably not all of them though
apalonia Fabritio 567 05 60 how about yeah apalonia that's when a George has in mind apalonia
I don't know about it oh that was Fabritio friend rushers got 70 votes and Mike Tyson is
closing in on her ass she better watch it oh oh oh whoo
back to him pick up the pace a little bit friend before that bastard catches you
see I know this is ridiculous I know that it's just so un-American to say this but the fact
that there are morons who will still pay to watch that asshole I don't want to say fight because
he doesn't really fight anybody but to watch him perform I mean it's just it's mind-boggling
my Tyson although I also you know the character that Tom Cruise played in magnolia yeah a lot of
those people listen to the sports you was on QAM a lot of his no you know what I'm talking about
yeah a lot of his disciples wasn't wasn't that character based on Tom Lycus
yeah I think it was now that you come right down to it yeah time to like it
oh seriously a lot of those here you go the Canadian uh uh uh two thousand and ten olympics
oh who the hell's gonna be alive then oh friend russia's 70 my Tyson 56 them who uh which of
these people most represents an ugly sexual racial or ethnic stereotype we're asking today
Barbara Streisand 36 he passed her like she was sitting on a in the court yard
Jim J. Bullock 23 Jerry Seinfeld 15 Eddie Murphy 15
jacumation 14 jacumation and Mohawar David at the same person
Charles Nelson Amiley 13 the difference being jacumations got a sense of humor
Charles Nelson Amiley 13 Christopher Lull 12 she's moving up there Eddie Griffon 7 and Desi
and as Lucy's only got three now do you think that's a um a time thing definitely yeah
we just don't have them any old parts like me and voka brine and again remember it says ugly
stereotype were you stuff that's not I don't know no Cubans like that okay Chris
I'm not an ecumen in that in that day they were all like that every slide would mean in that day
in the 1950s they all look like that dress like that sounded like that yeah how about Caesar
Romero there you go Andy or some of these pinstripes suit don't put those on air being more see one
thing I've learned in the past is if you just if we just have these conversations and mentioned
something all of a sudden it pops up on a pool well a multitasking so you know one year's got to go
one way the other is you're multitasking he goes both ways he's multitasking well excuse me okay
just go back to your other dance here's Hollywood hello Hollywood hello yes sir hey Neil how
you doing today pretty good good how about on the Latino land uh Gigi Rodriguez or Lich
Reveino now I'm not too big in a golf how about Gary player on the South African end okay
okay get out of here now no way I'm putting no golfers on hey what nothing
well Lee the first of all this audience don't have any idea who Chi Chi Rodriguez is they don't
even know Chi Chi Rodriguez from George Rodriguez right and Lich Reveino talk about ancient
how about Roberto Climetti I don't want to get the for all upset love Roberto number 21
see that's one thing for all I got and come a big pirates fans back in those days back when
and now all of a sudden he's on a Marlon bandwagon I I'll confess you like I said the other day I have
no interest in baseball I have no team that I like or dislike I wish him all the luck in the world
with his endeavors but the he'll need it that's all I can say to him it is boring it is ponderous
we thought we're good George involved out there a little bit couldn't even can even get a
big sports guy like George out there at the ball game now you see Harry Carey made it fun even
you were like it was fun I'm not saying you were interested in the cubs but it was just you were
wrapped up a little bit in that whole thing back at iod with a rigley field and the chicago trip
and all those things all the way there was a right under Harry he he gobbed flam on our heads it
was a runner me and Mitch Ween were doing the Ferris Bueller thing the swing badass swing
right all that it was fun it was a lot of them they shipped me off so fast it made my
husband very enough with the pamphors already when the hell was the baseball season begin anyway
I that's how you right now and Harry Carey died when he took that nasty fall and he croaked that
was the end he was the last gasp that we had with any like fun with baseball he was the last one
who could get us whipped up and interested in it here's a call from Miami hello retire I got
never realized this is an old fart this is a fragile crusty old fart or it's that's the schwarz
we're getting to an a voice 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line glad to be
able to entertain you during these long holidays sir during these boring long ponderous sultry days
here's a call from Davy hello hey Neil how you doing pretty good buddy mine went to a kimboker
university josh to go get a van and he walked out with a stuffed animal of a bull with two balls attached
to it first little son isn't that lovely okay everyone gets one of those why did he think he
was special I don't know everybody George got one when he got his vehicle damn straight you get a
stuffed bull and two extra balls which can always come in handy sure and he goes click and that's
that call what a good way that was yeah that was pretty exciting 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T
in Verizon wireless line no request from Arlington it's today no damn it we got Don Trell pitching
night don't they have like a special fireworks show tonight to a fourth of July thing
or something about that I don't know if it's tonight I don't know if that's for real or not see
what I probably is because I think they're going on a road for a couple of weeks yet they're at
the Phillies Friday they're going to be gone for two weeks so this is the last home game for a while
so I bet you they do that thing tonight so that'll boost up the attendance see it's no big trick
I hate to break the news to Scott or anybody else when you're giving away bobble head dolls or
you're giving away helmets team helmets or you're giving away any paraphernalia it always
boosts up the attendance by a few thousand not gigantic but a few thousand especially in South Florida
anywhere but especially in that time because it's a free loader town everybody knows that if it's
free it's me are we put that before on the show stop me if it's free it's me that's the model of
South Florida so you know just show me your average ordinary run of the milk pedestrian game on a
weekdied or or even on a weekend where there's no big giveaway then I'll decide if there's any interest
and don't give me the old any cappin routine any famous for this oh we don't want to discuss that
about the attendance that's old news and I'm not interested you're not interested because it's
embarrassing because it goes to show you that the stuff that you guys waste so much time on there
is very minimal to not exist an interest in you can't you can't eliminate that especially at
the time when you're constantly talking about well mayor pink and picania got us another
a backdoor meeting about a new stadium downtown they're never going to let up on that they're
going to keep trying to press some way to squeeze that through no way Jose okay no way well you've
got kids in date county don't have school a textbook to take home from public school but we're
going to build a new stadium for these allosers okay no chance when I say losers I'm talking about
the ownership see there you go again they'll be negative peon in our parade come on let's have
an orgy out there what do you say come on 1157 at 560 wqm barbecues galore carries the biggest
range of Weber grills and accessories starting with the Weber smoky joe portable charcoal grill
for under 28 bucks the perfect grill for any July 4th picnic or all year long and nobody can
beat barbecues galore is amazing unbeatable selection of top quality grills they carry a full line
of grills including Weber Viking January or Braille mate and lots of exclusive grills like the
turbo barbecues chef cook on a captain cook all of the guaranteed laws prices in the universe
right now take advantage and opaim and same as cash financing till January 2004 on approved credit
this week you can take home the amazing three burner cook on grill it's a barbecues galore exclusive
this one comes with a host of great features normally you'd only find on much much much much
much more expensive grills like 42,000 powerful BTUs porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking
grills and a generous a big fat 625 square inch cooking area I guarantee you won't find another
grill like this one for this kind of price now only 349 bucks and you'll only find an at barbecues galore
perfecto for that July 4th cookout don't forget this is a one-story event a love because
everything you're looking for in a barbecuing area is in this joint it's America's best barbecues
store with stores in plantation and university driving a fountain shopping center called 954
423 1400 and it crossbrings on a corner of sample and rock island roads column there at 954
757 668 everything under the sun for you at barbecues galore
the state goldstein but you can call me tell me whenever I'm in town I listen to
wait a minute I am in town it's the 12 to 1 hour
oh
the other day that he's in jail
Tyson in four the night he went to get
you know that's all I've always seen too fail
oh
this man they ride
sitting by
oh all of the beavings have taken their toll there's one thing to do since he lost control
put him away
oh bigger than it won't be long before my Tyson's be fine the bars for me long stay
oh
12.02 that's a lovely thing very timely too thank you so much see it was worth my
zippin downstairs and getting that wasn't it okay you don't think well you know what I don't
remember you actually say what it was it was the this week's 8cn thing it was number 28
as a matter of fact now that I mentioned that did we ever get 27 we're missing I'm I'm missing
28 through 32 I got 30 years what do you mean 28 to 32 I'm telling you 28 well I'm holding 33
HCN HCN oh oh two thanks me go
well he was hoping to look for Mickey and isner's this morning oh well stop with that Mickey and
isner crap already we want that one it's important you know how much the bit you can't find
this penis okay it's in his ear somewhere he's looking for his Mickey's penis I think in the
1 o'clock hour it should be a search well anyway I don't think we have 27 do we I got 27
here you do yeah what else on it uh yank my doodle dandy yank my doodle dandy I don't got no
doodle dandy Hillary Clinton on Larry King summer school George W. Bush and two fast two furious
monkey pox by cold play I'll be gone too many even have to be out keep it there because I'm
no ah told you Mickey's penis here's Jane and four lot of the one of our most chronic
factors who says you should put and culture on it's a nasty example of the wasp stereotype what
and what about O.J. Simpson what no thanks anyway Jane I don't think so I mean O.J.
if we want to put murdering dark guys X. J.A.X. but he's certainly not as obnoxious and
illiterate even though it did kill a couple of people we know you're done at O.J. he's no mic
Tyson right and this way he's just he's not a black stereotype I mean he's a little thick in the
tongue at best but he isn't what we're looking for he's not a stereotype he's a big but right thank
God for that 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 t and Verizon wireless line it's a Wednesday means we
got our gigantic one to two hour coming up the comedy bits hour mad dogs at the shoelaces and
he west today and tomorrow from two to four the Humper 4 to 6 30 in the studio today he's not
working tomorrow he's no fool got any K under tomorrow and then you got your marlins on deck
tonight 6 30 we're here in 30 thousand people in the game tonight fireworks you got Don
Trail Willis team 120 to one last night let's pack that place what are you saying come on just to
make a for Ralphiel but he'll take credit for it and that's okay braves at the marlin 7 0 5
tonight and any K follows the game June Mark overnight Georgian Navino boy going to be there tonight
oh yeah right let me in the pool be somewhere each filling up a section it's going to be great
here's a call from Miami hello good afternoon how you doing good afternoon to you sir
all right I got a Cuban that really fought my ass what about our beloved Gloria Estefan oh yeah like
her for the list no with baby good choice thanks a lot pali have a great holiday Gloria Estefan
I like her very much for the list don't you Lucy Lucy I can hear her saying it Lucy
yeah she's a little Lucy Lucy that Gloria Estefan can't stand that bitch I bet you out of
us outside of South Florida there's probably somewhere else in the world where they like her you know
probably like some little village in Spain where they never heard of that bitch before not seriously
but the other net out of South Florida she is small potatoes man Gloria Estefan can't stop
thinking that day that she and Andy Garcia were carrying on like a bunch of professional sticks
in front of alienito's stephouse is that what you call the stephouse yeah that sounds good which
are these people most represents an ugly we're not talking about physically ugly necessarily although
many do fit in that category nicely and ugly sex closing in friend keep those cheeks tight
Mike Tyson 75 is only four in her behind Barbara Streisand's got 40 Jim J Bullock 25 Jerry
Seinfeld 16 Christopher Lawal 16 Jackie Mason 16 Eddie Murphy 15 Charles Nelson Marley 13
although nobody don't like Charles Nelson Marley doing no that's what's not to like he's or Paul
lady or Paul and they're both hysterical they're both a hoot a hoot and a holler 80 grip and seven
Desiarnes five Queen Latifa four Rosie Perez three she's only been on her about 10 seconds
Freddie Prince senior I see I didn't say to put him on there did I I could have sworn you did
no I did not say put him on there we were like debating if we were saying yeah Freddie Prince
which you don't need a senior his name wasn't senior okay as to differentiate between
Freddie Prince junior it's senior is it senior I think it's dead senior senior Marito
anyway get him off of there Danny Ayelor don't have any Richard Lewis and Reptila we got to come
up with some grease ball better than Danny Ayelor with some Guido Robert Tanira now he's not a
Guido he's a real Italian oh man what see you don't know the difference he's not a Guido Pesci
nah somebody said that before Joe Pesci I mean how many other people do you know like Joe Pesci
yeah you ever met anybody else like Joe Pesci other than Volca Brian no no same person by the way
same chicken neck five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the other you see I got it I got
the console okay so that's just a load slice the loan absolutely right absolutely right that's a
good one he fits several stereotypes especially the dumb part dumb greaser five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18 can't you be a little more positive Neil no because you don't
want to be positive they'd like ripping people in the ass every time we do a poll that's positive
like who do you who is the best this or who do you enjoy hey you know it's okay but if we do an
negative they just love it they want to pile on they want to squeeze their way in grab a little
piece here's Miami hello hello yes sir you know I've got a nice little small house and that's
the Obama's I want to sell to you yeah I bet yeah okay good luck to him on get out of here take
your act somewhere else five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t and horizon
wireless line here's plantation who's probably going to say no mo
hello yes sir um yes I have a couple okay one is you seems to refuse to go away Rodney King
and yeah another would be a toss up of he just passed away I can't remember his name but
the kissing cousin of lester maddox oh uh strum thirman yes either he or lester maddox okay and
another possibility would be Richard dry face no always annoying not but not to wish enough okay thanks a
lot of pally quit while you're ahead okay okay Rodney King strum thirman there's a there's a definitive
redneck okay that's good and how about since we're doing kings how about the Don King all right now
I'm not saying that most guys of his ill could got as nice of a do but what about Don King huh okay five
six seven oh five of course what tell you know about Don King how you don't it's just out of your
league you know who you you know who he is only because of the hairdo and the boxing thing and all
that brand pressure 80 my Tyson 77 we got a battle on there baby I like it matter fact I can
guarantee you I watch more boxing than you do yeah if you watch if you watch two minutes is more than
either say well see it's a guy thing you know thank god we got a real guy show on here now all right
yeah yeah talking about big boobies and stuff I'm starting to think that he might be a little
on the homophobic side you know I could be wrong I thought that last week when he made some
uh fact I will stand next to Carlos and see how far I've heard about last night was this
yeah how do you like me now who's kidding who yeah take a good look yeah last night and this
includes Neil Rogers hey Neil up there in in fact city yeah listen to me how do you like me now
about the same I filled two sections a rock whoa are you impressed or what huh I filled the toilet
this morning I filled the bowl after those seven Klondike bars that day like you wouldn't believe
I don't want to go into it because then you'll start talking about train spotting again
28 days later yes you know well we sure got I'm telling you that's the movie it's only been out
a couple of weeks and it's we've gotten reviews from one guy said he walked out it was so bad right
and then we had some people say it was one of the best movies they ever saw the guy that called
about walking out though he was old get out of here he wasn't always gonna have come
out like he was watching he crudger no he was not he was he had that and then we had another we
had some other guy who was under the age of a hundred who called and said that it sucked the
previous that I saw I was completely excited to see it I could have I'm sure you were you were
excited to watch the guy fishing around for his opium the repository so that's right up your alley
so to speak oh man I still can't get over the fact that you like that movie there there must be
something that follows that scene right that's really exceptional I'm more disgusting one yeah
but that's over thanks but then it's done thanks I'm gonna watch a beautiful mind okay no poop
in that one a beautiful mind oh thank god for that I think that's rain spotting should have
been called a beautiful behind oh wait I mean he wasn't just fishing around it's right in the
middle of lunch hour you know you turn it before the best I don't want to see it I don't want to
know about it some of its past noon at five sixty year shmitty station for the new millennium so he
dives in there and what and what's for well talking about about how this show is filter than the
stuff that he's ever done what is he talking about we're having an identity crisis here with Scott
he's like he wants to like to bleed over a little bit here I know we're on during a pretty good time
here but you know just relax you'll be on six to ten pretty soon just calm down well that's right
I forgot mode to leave town like I said Mo is in there solid the renegotiating an extension
of his hair piece right now it's the neo-roger's fourth of July blowout sale from Tom Lehman
into a creative hell of pond air GMC see you're supposed to drop in at Mo thing I'm listening you
supposed to drop that in there Carlos I don't have it I didn't know we had it oh it's it's that new
yeah I love seeing absolutely all right hey Mo have a crappy holiday Mo I'm still listening I'm
still waiting to dance on your grave that's not him is it he had his it is him yep oh my god
here's the ideal deal number one waiting for it hell it right now get 0% financing for 60 months
on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock all the crap you could unwrap all the slime all the time
neo-deal number two get you up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every two thousand three GMC
and Pontiac in stock attention current and former military personnel get yourself an additional
seven hundred fifty dollar rebate from your friends and hell it right now neo-deal number three
least the new two thousand four grand pre GT one for as low as only two hundred eight nine
bucks a month it's the thirty six month lease our friends and hell it give you all the details
neo-deal number four get yourself an additional five hundred bucks off some of the most
popular GMC models included the envoy you can and denali now through the fourth of July weekend
through this weekend plus a GMC toolkit while supplies last and also at hell right now is if all
of these things are enough you can test drive a vehicle for twenty four hours you can take it home
take it to work take it to the Marlon game whatever for twenty four hours all of these things
waiting for you and lots more great friendly service fantastic unbeatable deals and how to
potty act GMC one thirty four oh one soft fix the highway that's us one across from the falls
open every day seven days a week for more info on these great deals called the Neil Deale Hotline
toll free at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three
four forty two eleven and don't forget all Neil Deale something to credit approval see our
friends at hell report details how did potty act GMC you'll agree with me they are professional
great
a
was
Every June shore was bright,
Down by the days,
And we reached out low and yet,
Every June from R.E.M.
Mr. We just knew one day,
That website would be content.
To let me see these or types.
That's the fans' commitment, wait.
To let sucks we have to pay.
Those were the days.
I can just see it now. Archie Bunker downloading all those R.E.M. songs, can't you?
Club 19, and maybe he's got like a big blow-up doll of Michael Stein.
Remember that kid that called in a few days ago and said that that was his guy with a bad face, but was really hot?
Yeah. Maybe he's touched it.
Maybe he's touched.
Mike Tyson has just passed friend Resher.
Let's hear it.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
No, forget we're looking for a big sellout at the Amarling game that I had at P.P. Park.
No excuses.
Here's a call from Davy. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about anybody mentioned the honorable Reverend Jesse Jackson?
No.
No.
How about Al Sharpton?
No.
Neither one of those.
What are they a stereotype of?
Oh, just the professional black people now.
Yeah.
No, I'm sorry.
I know what you're saying, but I don't think it fits what we're looking for.
Can I get a request any moment?
Go ahead.
Any moment.
Any moment.
Any moment.
I'm listening.
Absolutely.
Oh, man.
Yeah, let's inject one right now.
Okay, just it'll be real quick.
Don't get panicky.
Let's stick one in there now that we haven't heard in a while.
That's often back what one's kind of lame.
Which one?
What about?
56680560.
W-U-A-M presents.
Leave it to these.
Starring Moe Howard David as Moe.
All in as gay carlos.
Steven J. Goldstein as Wally and Brian Lundin as the Beast.
I'm home.
Hey, where's the hat stand?
I ain't got no place to hang my wig.
I'm out of it.
I had another piercing accident.
Watch out for the puddle.
Whoa!
Why didn't the beast cling to his up?
He's upstairs with Wally.
G-Beast, you better clean that bean puddle before Moe gets home.
Um, yeah, I don't know, Wally.
It's kind of sticky.
Ha-ha.
So you didn't cling the bean puddle.
Ha-ha.
Yeah, fat little bastard.
You tuba lad.
You're walking.
Going up.
Told you he'd get sore.
Don't be so hard on the blind.
Hey, come here, beast.
Time we had a little chat.
Um, I don't know.
Okay.
No, you don't say anything to Lumpur while the stand did it.
Okay.
I said that to Lumpur on Pogun.
But you stop.
But I don't, right?
That's it.
Remember my friend here?
Mr. Belt.
Don't, don't, don't.
Stop.
How many?
I know.
I will ya stop.
Don't, I said stop it.
You shake your mouth, you're quite smoking poop.
Okay.
But don't stand near the window.
What for?
Cause you might fall down.
One great season of Magnolia in Ed Barr is where, uh, Donnie, the quiz kid, Jess, is sitting
with his dyed coke at the counter before he decides that he's going to have a tequila.
And he's watching Henry Gibson coming on the bartender, Brad the bartender.
And his expression goes from a smile.
There's a long shot where his expression goes from his lips are curled up to like straight
across to a frown.
It's a beautiful thing.
Every scene, everything in that movie is just so brilliantly done.
And George don't like it.
I didn't like the ad.
George didn't like Magnolia, which I find is shocking and astonishing and absolutely
un-American if you ask me.
I think it's, huh?
I'm dying to see it again.
I saw it again last night.
Let me say it one more time.
And it's, it's just brilliant.
It's phenomenal.
Maybe a little bit too intellectual for George.
Maybe a little bit.
Right.
It's cop out, especially with a frog's throat.
It dropped.
It's too intellectual for George.
All of George was right.
I told you off the air.
We might as well give you credit on the air.
George was correct about the scene where Jimmy Gator, the TV quiz show host, is going to
blow his brains out after his wife has finally outed him about molesting the daughter.
And he sticks the gun.
It was that I shouldn't say, should I?
Well, that's okay.
Doesn't ruin anything because we talked about this.
He can't ruin the end.
No, in fact, this makes it even better because we don't know what really happened.
He puts the gun to his head at this point.
This is when the, it's raining frogs and toads.
And they're just poor.
And those houses must be built pretty poor, you know?
They can go through a little skylight.
It fell through a skylight, but nevertheless, I mean, well, whatever.
And it falls to the skylight and hits the gun and the gun goes off.
And then it actually right to hit the TV screen.
And that's why the, the core, the power cord sizzled and fried.
And he is on the floor like a little butt on his, on his lapel.
But that's from hitting the floor, I guess, because there's broken glass and crap.
Just, I know it's just a small detail, but you were right on that.
Yeah, because I couldn't, because it happens really, really fast.
And you have to go back and, well, if I would have just said you were full of crap,
you wouldn't know.
At least I'm honorable enough to say I watched a three four a whole bunch of times.
Just to make sure you were right.
Just to keep watching that big frog fall.
It's like a free fall.
It's a beautiful thing.
It's a great shot.
It's slow mo.
56670560, pound five.
That would be a good bit for Boka Brian to the tune of its reigning men.
It's reigning frogs.
Something to think about.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Daniel?
Yes, sir.
Thanks for taking my call.
To me, one of the most obnoxious people has to be Gilbert Gottfried.
Yeah.
Is he a stereotype?
Well, I mean, I don't know if he found a stereotype, but he's definitely obnoxious.
And that's all I got.
And we hope he dies.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah, I agree with him.
He is obnoxious, but I don't think he fits what we're talking about, do you?
No.
No.
I don't say like that.
Like, I mean, give me a break.
No.
His intentions were good.
He just wanted to rip a guy in the ass.
And I think he's right.
Yeah, he's right.
He's obnoxious, but we didn't ask that.
Quit being a nitpicker, okay?
And by the way, the frog didn't knock the gun.
Mike Geisen.
Mike Geisen.
Mike Geisen.
Remember Max?
What was his name?
Max Geisen.
The guy that I'm always talking about that you have no idea who finally died.
The guy that did a TV show with false teeth.
Well, if you don't know who he is, with no false teeth.
Ask Tom Jickel.
Tell you because Tom used to be on a show with him a hundred years ago.
Well, look at this.
What is this?
Very nice.
The daughter of Muhammad Ali and Mark will duke it out in the ring.
To be doing August 23rd and boom.
Oh, my God.
Another one of these contrived.
You know, I'm going to tell you, Jerry Springer needs to be taken off the earth for just a few months.
Okay, let America calm down.
Another one of these phony brawls.
Muhammad Ali's daughter, and a promotional press conference there for her fight coming up.
And she gets into a bra with some bitch.
Was Sheryl.
And not a channel that you get.
Oh, that's right.
He said a boot.
Yeah, he said it's a boot time.
They beat the crap out of each other.
Mike Tyson's got 90 friend, Ressure 85.
Let me read the question again because some of you are starting to like lose it.
Which of these people most represents an ugly sexual racial or ethnic stereotype?
Mike Tyson, 90 friend, Ressure 85, Barbara Streisand, 47.
Jim J Bullock, 31.
Jackie Mason, 21.
Well, I like Jackie Mason.
Jerry, you know, I saw Jackie Mason at the, what the hell was the name of that hotel?
I come to be on Atlantic, the, not the Atlantic powers right on the street from there.
How many years ago in 1956 and Miami Beach?
Did you look the same?
Look the same.
He sounded the same.
He looked exactly the same.
Jackie Mason, 21.
Jerry, son, fell 18.
Christopher Lowell, 17.
Eddie Murphy and Charles Nelson, Marley, 15.
I'd like to see those two together.
Any griffin eight.
Rosie Perez has got seven.
Nice going, Rosie.
She's crawling up the list.
Well, at least she's up to eight.
Desiarnes five.
Lucy, Queen of Tepa five.
And that's about it.
27 past noon at five 60.
See when we do these Wednesdays, I enjoy that one to two hour, but I don't know.
I feel like we're rushed, you know?
I don't.
Well, you believe that I was saying?
No, it sounds good though, because we got so much.
We got to accomplish here and so got them a little time.
By now you've been here.
We talk about lamin and cirrus.
I hope and how laminated word flooring from lamin and cirrus is the smart, the easy.
The low maintenance alternative to expensive natural word flooring.
Lamin and cirrus is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a
Venice, Peridoy, Pergo, Wilson, our Unifluor and Quickstep.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers.
Here's another real reason why I got to be called lamin and cirrus.
Their prices will absolutely floore you.
Right now you can get the summer special for just $1995.
That's correct.
Just $1995 from the 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
It is positively unbelievable.
And lamin and cirrus will match any legitimate written offer too.
For a free and home estimate, no obligation call lamin and cirrus tool free.
1, 877, 777, 733, 36.
Nothing to be easier.
They give you a fee carpet disposal fee furniture moving at a 25 year warranty.
And then on top of that, of course, years and years of beautiful easy care, laminated wood flooring.
Call lamin and cirrus today.
Tool free and tell them that ancient Neo-Torney to call 1, 877, 777, 733, 36.
We're supporting Neo-5CC, UAM.
Get a light.
We've assembled you all here today because we're looking for a few good men to join the new Iraqi Army.
And as soon as you all stop throwing your shoes at us, we can get started.
How many here already have combat experience?
Great.
I see many of you actually brought your guns.
We'll be taking those, but don't worry. We'll replace them with these cute little teddy bears.
When do we get to blow our shoes up?
No, no. In this army, you will not be blowing yourself up.
Boom! Blow up now! Boom!
No, boom! No, boom! Now let's move on.
How many of you are familiar with the way the US Army works?
Okay, that's great.
How many of you are familiar with modern warfare?
Jihad! Jihad!
No, no, Jihad. There won't be any Jihading.
Jihad! Jihad!
No, Jihad!
No, Jihad!
Blow myself up now!
No!
Jihad! Jihad!
1232 at 560 WDQ. I'm happy Wednesday to.
Happy Fourth of July. Anybody still in town?
No.
How many people we got left in?
About 30, man.
Mike Tyson has opened up a 7-volt lead.
Mike Tyson 95, friend, Resher 88, Barbara Streisand 50.
Everybody else is small taters.
Here's a call from Margate. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir. How are you doing today?
Good.
Great, you're the best.
I got a couple for your poll there.
How about for the Italian?
How about Joy Betafugo?
Okay.
And how about for the homophobes Reverend Jones?
And I'm out there.
Okay.
Do you have any idea what he was talking about?
Yeah, it's another one of his buddies.
Apparently he has a person or two that doesn't hate him.
I see.
Oh, and speaking of that, it's a good time because I was just wondering in my mind
during the break, sure how my mind works.
The difference between Greg Videl and Mohawar Davida.
Besides the weight in the age and the hair.
Because Greg Videl thinks that everybody hates him.
In most cases, he's right.
567-0560.
See, you're not paranoid when it's the truth.
Pound 56 on the AT&T in Hawaii and Marvellous Line.
Moh doesn't think that.
Absolutely.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, two things.
One is Charo.
You should be on that list for some reason.
Yeah, for some, for some specific reason we haven't figured out yet.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You look at Charo on her.
She's a good one, although I don't know where you just find anybody else.
But she's got to choose up noxious.
Number two is I'm from Pennsylvania.
And they built the new stadiums and taxpayers expense for the pirates and the dealers.
And there's still nobody going to the pirate games.
Nobody's going to it.
And they just raised their beer up $4 a case and raised cigarettes 60 cents a pack trying to recoup the money.
There you go.
My pack's dollars.
So don't do it.
We voted no for it.
We still ended up with it.
Yeah.
So hey, you got a great radio station just here of his and I'm leaving for bone tomorrow.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a safe trip.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, that's right.
Pittsburgh, they built a new stadium.
They're drawing anybody.
No, Detroit.
In fact, let me take a look.
The Blue Jays are taking a coma and Detroit, but.
I'm on my way.
I think it's a section that threw in the and the crapper here.
Let me dig around the crapper for it.
I'm digging around.
But what I found you.
I'm trying to get out of the truck.
I got that crap.
Quit playing awful music here.
Here's buddy.
Hackett's a bit.
He's still dead.
But he's still dead.
Let's take a look at the attendance.
The blue Jays after Detroit Tigers.
Well, look at that.
Detroit where they built that new stadium and they thought, oh, we're going to get a lot of money now.
The tenants be way up to the team will be great.
The Tigers are one of the worst teams in history.
They're in last place in their division by a zillion games.
They're twenty three.
They're twenty and sixty one.
They played any one games.
They've won only twenty.
They're already twenty three games.
They're already it's only the early July.
They're already almost mathematically eliminated.
It's so bad.
So nobody cares about the Detroit Tigers.
Nobody's going to their crappy new stadium, but.
But the attendance there 15,000, 448 last night for the blue Jays.
Or cold as ice ready for that.
What beating by twenty five hundred.
The attendance announced at the Marlin game.
Now both the tendances is goose up a couple of thousand, but nevertheless just go based on what the numbers are there because they're both probably goose up the same.
15,000, 448 in Detroit with the worst team.
In fact, as anybody got a worst team, I can't imagine a Tampa Bay.
No.
No, nobody's even close.
The Tigers are by far by several games.
The worst record in all of baseball, including even the anxious Tampa Bay devil raise.
And in spite of that, they had well over 15,000 for last night's game there.
And the Marlins winning 20 to one game over 500 13,073, including the three or 400 Missions that the for all gave away for free.
How do you like that?
But you keep working on it Scott.
You keep swimming upstream, baby.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
The way I look at it is better him than us.
We've already played that game.
Okay. We've already got all the battle scars.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, first time long time.
You're missing the number one professional ethnic of all time.
Okay.
I'll be on a Ross Lateman.
Oh, I love that.
That's an ugly stereotype right there.
Very ugly.
In every respect, yes.
You know, I'll talk to the other night.
Somehow she goes from Iraq to Fidel.
Sure.
I don't know how you could be talking about crispy cream donuts and she'd find a way to a Thai Fidel.
Do you know what I'm cute, but they're going to have to be pretty.
She have his beard getting stuck on a sugar.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Good choice.
Yeah.
Yaliana Gross-Latin, one of my least favorite people.
And a perfect representative for South Florida, man.
She fits in like a rubber glove right inside your back.
Oh, Venus.
Yaliana Ross-Latin.
She's a late addition on there, but I guarantee if VenaBroad puts his head to what we get around her.
She's going to zoom up that list fast.
And boy in South Florida, is she the perfect?
I mean, is there any doubt?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
We got 398 votes.
Gotta be a few people around town, not too many.
Scott seems pretty happy to be there.
Although he is having me sit for South Beach the next few days.
Why not?
If it's so great in Boka.
I don't understand.
And if he's up in, if he's down in South Beach and Mo is hanging around a house in Boka,
then I'm going to get to bond and play golf together.
Are they?
Absolutely.
Not.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Happy Fourth Neil.
Back to you, sir.
Couple of movies real quick.
Okay.
I watched a movie last night.
I know you've probably never seen it.
George and being a boy probably has a scary movie.
There are so many scenes in there that you would just wet yourself.
The guy won't death.
Well, practice.
There's one guy smacking all the guys on the ass is looking at him.
There's so many things in the movie.
I think about you when I watch it.
It's a real miracle.
There's a gory hole in the movie.
It's a, I mean, your movie intensive.
And that movie is a couple of years old.
But I'm telling you, it's as funny as any Leslie.
Why?
I've seen it.
I've seen it.
Scary movie.
I never heard you mention it.
Sure.
Okay.
And two more things.
It's a hoot.
Once upon a time in America, which is one of my favorite movies, is that as the DVD
works, buying with the extra minutes in it.
Yes.
Absolutely.
I just watched it this weekend.
Absolutely.
Jennifer Conley there.
And once upon a time in America, if you look at the credits, it has a stunt double for her.
That must be the ass part there when she's a little girl.
They couldn't show her actual.
I mean, recommend for a dream.
No, no, no, no, no.
And once upon a time in America, she drops her dress for the kid looking through the
scene.
That's not Jennifer Conley.
Yes, it is.
Yes.
Under a different name.
Yeah, it's her.
No, it's her Jennifer Conley.
Oh, does it?
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
Hang on a second.
Oh, George, I whistle the tune.
Hang on.
Okay.
You might be using it.
Okay.
I got the thing right in my hand.
Right.
Of course, the only problem with it is there are so many people in my movie.
Right.
Or movie.
But if her name doesn't appear anywhere that I've seen, then she's on the credits.
She's the little girl.
And the part of Elizabeth McGovern?
No, no, no.
Yes, one little girl.
Yes.
She's the little Elizabeth McGovern.
Right.
Exactly.
Yeah, because that's when he's looking through the people.
Right.
She's noodles and noodles is in love with her when she's the little girl.
Right.
That's Jennifer Conley.
Yes.
Yes.
She turns around and shows her ass and on the credits it says...
Back to him.
Jennifer Conley stunt double.
So that's it stunt ass there, unlike in Requiem.
Oh, in Requiem, should we...
Well, that's why she made up for it.
That's why she asked to ask to make up her last time.
And one more thing you may not have ever considered in the movie The Godfather.
There's so many lines, but there's one line that really says a lot when...
when the lawyer, Tom Hagen, tell Sonny to make the deal and he says,
that's easy for you.
He's not your father and he says, he is as much a father to me as you or Michael.
But he doesn't mention Freito.
Isn't that interesting?
Never know this thing.
Yeah, I think it's interesting.
As much as Sonny as you or Michael, there's three.
Hardy bones, but he never mentioned the middle one.
I want to make them on offer again.
Okay.
Have a great, great cake.
You too, Pallee.
Thanks.
How do you like that?
We're getting movie intensive again.
And we like it.
Everybody likes it.
That was just a bunch of sour pie, okay, all those assholes.
Even Ferrell was talking movies with me this morning.
See?
We'll bring them around.
Well, you rather hear about movies at Amarlands.
Who you ask?
That's a tough one.
That's a tough contest.
1241 at 560 WQM.
Happy anniversary to our good post-personal buddies at Brandy Shoes in Poppedo Beach.
25 years this year in business.
Any independent family shoestor that sticks around that long, you know,
has got to be sensation doing a lot of things right by their customers.
Like number one, offering a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brands shoes
like Rock, Port, Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland Clarks, SAS Floreshyam and lots more.
Number two, all the sizes you're looking for, whether you've got teeny tiny feet or a big fat one.
Men's size is 6 to 15.
Women's 5 to 12 and widths from the very, very narrow and very, very wide.
And number three, they give you a professional personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
Just about guaranteed you would 40,000 pairs of shoes in stock in their gigantic 8,000 square foot,
mega store.
You can bet George's life on it and throw in peanut boy and for well too,
that whatever shoes you're looking for, they're in stock ready for you right now.
Brandy Shoes, there are 1290 North Federal Highway in Poppedo Beach, open daily nine Sundays, 10 to five.
All this wicked Brandy shoes from a select group of women's naturalizer sandals for only 3490
and men's rigor, that's rigorous bochoos, only 3990.
How did you say that, George?
What?
Men's rigorous bochoos, only 3990.
Stop it or visit Brandy's on their website at BrandysHews.com.
I'm not alone.
This is sports radio, five to six.
You way, yeah.
Gotta fight it!
What a, what a, you're lunger!
Wow!
Now, another page from the audio diary of Mike Tyson.
Here's the audio diary.
Trouble seems to follow me like a bad soup.
Oh, that's the other thing.
I recently found out when your soup can't is all dennin' and smashed in, don't eat it, there we go.
I was suffering from a terrible case of vachakism.
I had awful crap in my lower intestine.
That's the cause.
Anyways, I was arrested and had sports released on my own with climbers.
Two thugs was up to no good and started making trouble in my neighborhood.
That's a line from the French Prince of Bellville, there we...
I love the little brother on that show.
His name was Carlton, but he's not a door man.
Anyways, back to the arrest part.
Them two hula hands was making sure of me.
They said my face tattoo looked like an etch of sketch.
I don't know what an etch of sketch is there, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't so knife on the safe.
One of them was about to plug in me with a pipe.
What was that to do, Dairy?
I mean, I felt the Hulk boiling up over inside of me.
I turned even greener than I did when I was suffering from the vachakism.
How does this thing always seem to happen to me, Dairy?
I mean, I need my luck to change.
I applied to be on the big brother show, but Dairy said that I couldn't be.
They sent back my application and said I was too nicoterious.
How dare they call me Nick Sifakarus.
I'm not Greek.
This has been another page from the audio diary of Mike Tyson.
He's an asshole.
Pro 48 at 560 WQM.
We just got one of the great faxes in history.
Although, well, yeah, it's in his fax.
Before we get to that, two things.
Number one, the Marine Dowd column he just faxed me.
It's on our website today.
Oh, sorry.
Next up, the gate of Orsay.
Okay.
Thanks anyway, Elmer.
Not too many people named Elmer.
The blue guy's named Elmer.
Elmer Conrad, remember him from Corridor, Indiana.
You do?
No.
Fiveish Finkel.
Who the hell is Fiveish Finkel?
Some Jew.
Well, seriously, who is that?
I'm supposed to know who's the other one.
He's under a Boston public.
He's been in a bunch of things.
Oh.
I don't think enough people know Fiveish Finkel.
Okay.
It's kind of Fiveish Sixish.
But this is a great fax.
And it says.
And by the way, you got to keep your eye on Beanyr Boy and Eric.
Every moment.
If you look away for a second, it's just, uh, they're just not cutting it.
Richard Simmons, how long ago did we mention that?
And I said, absolutely.
I even played the Richard Simmons bit.
Is it on there?
No.
No.
And Bruce Villain, even though you said nobody knows who that is,
I think he belonged.
Enough people have seen him on Hollywood Square as soon as fruitcake.
Let's get him on there too.
You got it, Beanyr Boy.
Can you handle this or not?
I think it's the last Bruce, Bruce who?
VLanche, V-I-L-A-N-C-H.
You've seen her screaming wild queen with a yellow wig.
That's a wig.
Fat, tubby, whatever it is.
I don't want to know.
I'll let you find out.
I'll let the freaky car was, uh, check it out.
Bruce Villain and Richard Simmons.
How come are she Simmons ain't on there?
Is that one of Eric's things again?
I don't know if I'm not right now.
Get those queens both on it.
Anyway, the fax was on to say.
They should both be definitely on the pool.
I can't stand those screaming silly faggots,
which is why I made a comment I did yesterday about the big pride parade they hit her on Sunday.
I don't know why he didn't go out and get involved.
I didn't even look at it.
I mean, more power to all of those people,
but why do you have to go out there a lot of you
of mincing and the prancing around, you know?
It says, I'll never understand it.
I'm gay, which means I've attracted a men in masculine behavior.
Why would I want a surrogate woman?
I want a man.
Now you're talking.
Just like Tom Brady.
There's a real man.
Just like all the queens who drive around
Wilton Manners with their rainbow stickers and leather pride flags.
Newsflash.
Nobody cares about your orgasm,
except Rich's and Tourmangerie Falwell,
and they're just desperate.
Excellent facts. Thank you very much.
Couldn't agree with him more.
Maybe Donnie the WizKid.
Maybe he cared. The quiz kid.
Whatever he was. The Jizz kid.
Maybe he cares about it.
Mike Tyson 106.
He's pulling away, man.
He's got the actor burners on.
Friend Resher 92.
Barbara Streisand 52.
Jim J. Bullock 33.
Yeah, let's get those other queens on.
They give him some competition.
Who's those numbers up there?
567-0560.
Can you believe it's almost one o'clock?
And we got that one to two hours during this in the push?
Can't wait. God damn it.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Pretty good.
Listen, I was down to stadium.
You may be buying forl breakfast, my man.
It's almost a sellout down there.
Yeah.
For tonight.
And if you would do me a favor and talk about it.
Wait a minute. Why don't we go a little bit beyond this?
Tonight, they're having a free fireworks show.
Right.
Yeah.
But I heard you this morning.
Forl came here and see the whole year.
Well, I see. So in other words,
if they sell out on a day they would have sold out anyway.
I'm supposed to like to build a mstatch who is at it.
I don't know. He's crazy. Maybe.
Well, I know he's crazy. We know that.
That's what we like about him. He's crazy.
But that's beside the point.
You serious there? Almost a sellout already?
Yeah. I was down there.
Well, how do you know that? They told me that?
They openly up for deck too, as well.
Yeah.
Well, I had friends at Salt Lake Run have 60,000 people there tonight.
Excellent.
I wouldn't go that far.
But third, man.
Well, if he can do it more power to a mobile mstatch you.
All right. If you could talk to Hank.
I'm going to get the Shimata rag out and take it a little easy on the Marlin.
Okay.
What is that? What does that mean?
What are you talking about?
Well, he does it. He's not an optimist. He's a pessimist.
You know, I mean, people call him up to talk about baseball.
And as soon as you want to talk about it, maybe a trade or something happening,
he says the finger point.
Well, call him up and tell him about it. Don't call me and give me instructions on what Hank ought to talk about.
Call him up and tell him about it and see how many seconds.
Count the seconds you'll be on.
About third, man.
Or less.
Now, Hank's been around. He knows what it's all about.
He's been through the Wayne business and the John Henry business and the David Sampson and Delilah business and all the stuff we're going through.
And you know, they were going through this little period of euphoria right now.
And it's the holidays and they're having a big fourth of July fireworks.
Let's see on the next home stand after this next couple of weeks on the road trip.
Let's see then. I'm not trying to pee on their parade.
But I will say this to you.
If you think that, you know, if we get a bunch more people start showing up that the rest of us are going to start supporting public money for a stadium.
You're dreaming.
You're whistling. Dixie because that's not going to happen.
So selfish, selfish, pathetic thing that a small handful of people want the rest of us to subsidize.
And it's not going to happen just like the guy from Pittsburgh said before they build a new stadium.
And then after on flies and now they have to find all kinds of ways to tax the public to try to find the funds to pay for it.
When the hell is the party stop already?
But anyway, I mean, I know George is pretty whipped up about it.
Good God. I have no idea which is having the past five minutes.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
I want you to tell Hank to give him some slack.
Whatever that baseball team's name is.
What does that mean? Take his belt out of notch?
Tell him well from what you been telling me.
And the last time I was there, you notice he was conspicuous by his actions.
I realized you don't come on to four and I'm out of there right at two o'clock.
But ordinarily in the past, the couple of times he's coming a little bit early so that we could bond for a couple of minutes.
And you know, just a shmoo's a little rip moan ass.
But he didn't come by because you've been making comments about how he's still a big as a house.
Shame on you, George. That was shame on you.
Yeah, it was you. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello.
And you always apply for mine.
It is. We'll crack two ideas for your poll.
Yes. Ellen DeGeneres and Michael Jackson.
Yeah, but what is Michael?
Okay, he just hung up. What is Michael Jackson the stereotype of besides the freak?
Yeah, huh? He's not a stereotype of anything black because he's not even he's not even light mocha anymore.
And Ellen DeGeneres, she's a she's a stereotypical dyke.
I don't think so. Whatever.
No, if I was going to put a stereotypical dyke on there, I'd put Rosie.
What's wrong with Rosie O'Donnell? Right.
Let's get her ass on there.
Rosie. No, not Jenna Reno. Come on.
Oh, it's a good point. No, not Jenna Reno.
If I have to pick one Rosie O'Donnell.
Okay. Okay. I mean, the poster child.
Right. She's the poster child from big up now. She's dykes.
There's no quick doubt about that. I mean, making all these aspersions about the Janet.
Although there are a couple of chapters in the Hillary book about the things that the two of them did together, but that's beside the point.
We'll save those for the for all show. The game's almost a sellout for all did it.
You got Don trail tonight. You got the fireworks show.
Marlins one 20 to one last night.
Let's go out there and fill a joint. What do you say?
I know George and Vena more going to be out there buying pain for their own tickets.
Miguel's going to be there.
Whole station probably be there except of course, remote from the war out of town.
Only if they get me in the pool.
Yeah, only if he can get laid in the pool. That's the whole deal going out there.
Just like the for all people. They're not going out there for the Marlins or for the ballgame. Let's face it.
I mean, he's getting them out there by giving the tickets away. They're going out there to have an orgy. Great. No problem.
And of course, the last time we talked about that and he had one of his nights out there. Do you remember the episode the next day?
And but I beat that about the moment they're having closed door meetings and, you know.
They thought that what's his name with their Tony Dow looking for beaver.
I'm serious. A little bit of a problem with some of the sluts got arrested. A big, a big scene over there.
So let's just try to keep a little bit on it. Not how many people is the limit getting busted in the game tonight.
But 30 minutes. Okay, we can handle that. But over that it's going to be a mess and they're going to get all psychotic and better to shape.
Let's try to tone it down just a notch or two. That's all not like coma, but just a notch or two.
As we get really Marlin intensive on QAM all Marlins all day.
We can get we can break a one share in the next book on the minus side.
1256 at 560 WQM. Here's something good for you.
Oliomid. I'm popping some every morning. I religiously pop it in my purse.
Oliomid soft shells contain the finest olive oil you've ever had in your body.
Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated low with health benefits too.
In fact, Clarence and Abistavid using it for some amazing things.
Oliomid every day can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
There are 14 different Oliomid formulas you can choose from.
Each one combining the finest olive oil, like I said only moments ago,
with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific health needs
from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you.
Now there are three new Oliomid formulas. One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight,
and CoQ10, self-Q10 for your heart. Pick up some Oliomid today
while you're out prusing around doing your shopping because just about everybody's carrying it.
Now you'll find that public's, records, Walgreens, whole food markets,
Navarro's and Sedanos, who order it online if you like Oliomidamerican.com.
If you want more information on their stellar products called tool free,
1-866 Oliomid. That's 1-866-653663. Pick up some Oliomid for better health today
and start popping it in your fat push.
Why in local, here sports video 560s, you a-u-a-summit.
Hey, I'm Frao, Iliomidamerican.
I like scrubbing my smelly grilla ass with salt made from juice
and listening to the new Roge Amunista Hour.
Take iron!
Welcome to another edition of Inside Life with Sporthold.
Dray Stan nasal mist is our guest today.
Yelp Dre, yo, what do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed
and worship you in every way and base their intellect and entire existence on your ability to catch a ball?
I don't know what I've been told, but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
What's your take on the over and under and the under of the over of the underwear?
I don't know what I've been told, but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
And what's your take on those rumors flying around that you're articulate enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCI spots?
They say you're getting close to signing that contract.
I don't know what I've been told, but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
Tell us more about your charitable work for underprivileged children helping to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock.
I don't know what I've been told, but a big-legged woman ain't got no thought.
Mmm, we'll be back with more Inside Life with Sporthold.
Coming up tonight, on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story,
you may not know who the Rembrads are, but they wrote the theme song for the most popular sitcom on television.
No, no, not according to Jim.
Friend!
Oh man, come on!
Do you realize how many times on how many TVs in how many markets our song gets played every f*** day?
Rembrads co-founder Phil Sulemon.
How long would you say we've been talking now, 30 seconds?
In that 30 seconds I have just made enough to pay for three more hores!
Be right there, my little biological receptor!
Yes, although the Rembrads have no real talent, they make roughly $50,000 every seven minutes.
In layman's terms, that's enough for 866,000 hores a year.
And I'm not talking skanky hores either. These are the top of the line hores.
There is nothing Phil and I like better than channel surfing.
Rembrads other co-founder, Danny Wilde, describes how he and Phil Sulemon spend hours with the remote calculating their earnings.
Dude, we're on TVS!
There's a horn for the boys!
Benning out on money on hores, at least they're trying to be real rock stars.
It's a big, juicy, stopping wet look at show business tonight, on inside the behind.
What an egg!
Meat!
Meat!
What an egg!
Roar!
You can eat that horn!
You'll get man's mouth again!
I eat like a man!
Meat makes you grow up bigger and strong, like Neil.
Leave it, what's that you got?
I got spits!
What's this?
I can dunk it without tripping!
Yeah!
You eat like a pussy, like a girl, like a spoiled hole!
Oh, I lie, I am being a boy.
I like food, well, eh?
I like this.
Oh, you think they're that?
I think our body's here on the wrong plate.
Oh, this is cool.
And if you think they're that bad, I'm sorry, you wouldn't think you're like a flyer when a swat away.
Get out of here!
Oh, man, I'm gonna fly up.
Yeah, try one at a.
It's chocolate!
Chocolate!
That's what I've been up for, Clarins, too.
Yeah, you talk about women all the time.
You only talk about men.
I don't know what to do anymore.
Maybe I can get a gig singin' Boka Bion songs.
Tell me, tell me, ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta
I really horrible songs from the 70s. I grisys the word that I heard and it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it- it-
ROOVANEN CLAINE! ROOVANEN CLAINE! When they arrive on the scene and they're forward focus all hell breaks loose! Come on, Ruben, let's go! Oh, man, I can't! Come on, let's go! I can't! Why? I can't get out the car, I'm stuck! Oh, stop right there, bad guy! Hey, what is it you're doing? I got some good news from you!
For you back person what you gonna let me go. No, I say money in my car insurance man
You gotta stop with those dumb commercials. Hey Robin what I want my cholesterol. Oh, man. You're killing
Will you stop it? I'm like stop it. I'm leaving. That's the bad guy catch him
This phone on Fox crime doesn't stand a chance
Cindy I told you not to bother me. Oh, my man. Mr. Mouse. Oh, you snap on that, isner. Oh, no nothing sir. How are you?
I'm not good. Oh, no. What's wrong now sir? Oh, one of my balls turned black. Sure you're balls
My basketball my garage it froze it turned black. Oh, that's terrible. I'm a big basketballer
Harble make the call, isner. What what what calls it? I'm in a carner. I ran the paper. She's getting a divorce
Well, she's separating there's some chemistry there either
She wants me. I think she was just afraid to make them move on the big guy, but sir with all due respect
You're you're a mouse. Hey
Don't tell me I know I'm a mouse. I'm hot though. She wants me
I can tell you're my
Pimp visor. Okay. Okay, sir. I'll make the hang on a minute
Don't think of that song. Remus do not sing that song anymore. It doesn't make me happy
It makes me want to strangle you
Isner yes, sir. I do want to tell you one good thing. You're doing okay. I dropped to you for America my little
Your family put this on the map of that thing. Oh, wait a go isner. Well, sir. That's actually the Fox Network. Don't correct me isner
Reamus what are you doing?
Don't play the symbols on the phone, Reamus
It's Disneyland fan is terrible. That's right. They need me
Oh
Iser yes, sir. What are we running? Well, sir. We've got the bachelor. Oh, that's right. That stupid firestein kid with that poor beaten grin
No, no, sir. It's a fire stone. I know. Yes, sir. Don't you correct me. What's his name?
What's his name?
Firestein no you wait again. It's fire stone
Say to what's his information? I have to read about Peter Jennings. Oh, well, what about Peter? So you're doing a fine job
Reamus I swear to God I will take your head between my wife's glove hands and
Slush it
I'm under a little stress what's the man?
Anikaderm pass. See that the nikkaderm pass you don't smoke remus
Get out of here you moron
Iser yes, sir. Well, mr. Jennings is doing a fine job Peter Jennings is terrible
He's French well actually sorry Canadian
Iser what I tell you about correct me
What is Peter Jennings said he's French?
Moron he's Canadian he's the anchor of our network. You don't even know what he does
Why do I keep you around Eisner? I don't know why Eisner. I don't know you
Say it
Killing me killing me and you know what try to get me on that bachelor's show
Sir you're married mouse. Hey, Eisner. Yes, I don't want to marry him. I don't want to date those 25 girls
I just want to stop him
Hello, miss Peterson. Yes, hi, this Bob Williams down at sores Bob's boss. Oh, hi. How are you? How are you today? Fine?
Are you sitting down? Yes, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. What do you mean bad?
I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now and Bob's okay, isn't he? Oh Bob's fine
A little upset but fine. He's been a good worker for us. He's made all his quotas his bonuses have always been in line
But we're gonna have to let him go
We're gonna have to fire him and
Unfortunately being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very pleased doing
Very fair
Yes, he has
I can imagine you're failing that way absolutely, but feeling that way you don't understand
Baby
I fully agree with you, but there's something is happened down here at the office that that we can't overlook
It's an it's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself
Um, I don't know quite how to tell you though. Why are you firing him?
Um
It's a little delicate unfortunately we found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary
I'm about son of a bitch. Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point, but
The word that stupid rotten son of a bitch. I can't believe this well
He's gonna need your support through this
All right right now. He's on his way home to you and he's got another thing coming when he gets from
I'm gonna change the locks on the door. I'm so excited on the front one
I'm not even gonna be here when he gets back
That's the front of a bitch and now now I don't feel so bad about
Absolutely, 12 minutes after one at five 60 it's our gigantic Wednesday one to two comedy with sour now
The thing you facts me the breathless story about George W saying he invaded Iraq has got told him
I factured that you emailed it. I did. Yes, it's been on the website
Yeah, we had that what I was it's not what I forwarded along to you
No, that was one of the two things that you emailed to me one was all that was way early from this morning
Well, whatever I don't to check that stupid thing. I think that was the story we had we didn't have exactly the same story a different version of it
But thanks anyway to the president
The Lord told W to invade Iraq. I don't know what else he's done and the pictures you sent for the couples contest were just fine very good
That wasn't what I was talking about either. Well, what what else is on there? I'll keep forgetting how many emails
I've sent you we have the cover what the cover oh, it looks beautiful. Oh, it's on honor
It's a different name. It's a different email
Don't look for my name look for a different name you might have deleted it thinking it was spam
I'm not gonna say what it is because that's why you're talking about I send it to you from a different my personal email address
Which is where Miguel sent it to me
No, you didn't
No, gods
The audience is excited about this. I don't have it. All right. I'll send it wherever you send it to stick it
I'll send it again. Don't delete it. It's not spam. Okay. Just I didn't delete anything the only thing I deleted was that story about
That would God and the W which we already had on there
Which of these people most represents an ugly sexual racial or ethnic stereotype that's our poll question and your Rogers dot com
Mike Tyson 122 Mike's opening up a lead
friend Reshort 98
Rand by her like he was standing still said I'll pass
Barbara Streisand 52 Jim J Bullock 33
And then it goes on down there. Do we have those other ones on it at
Rebrews
Belay and Richie Simmons got a pair already
Hey, drag concepts would like to come and perform a miracle in your house
And especially now that it's the dog days of the summertime. This is a really good time to be calling them
Because the pain in the ass kids maybe they're like they're out of school
But maybe they're like going off to camp or going off and run away from home something
Now is a really excellent time to pick up the phone and call drag concepts
You got probably some extra time have them come in and make your carpeting looks just like brand new and believe you me
They drag clean your carpet so the only people in the world that use this method
It's patented and when they finish your carpets look like you just had brand new laid right there on your floor all over the house
And they also do is to paint his job and make your drapes and expensive area rights and oriental rights
Looks just like brand new if you have problem with pet orders or milder orders caused by water damage
If you want your a poultry and other furniture looking brand new
These are the people you want to be called because they're the best in the business
I've been using them in my house for over 20 years just about everybody
I know uses dry concepts time to get smart before it's too late
Call the professionals at dry concepts and don't forget no fears about tack ons and all kinds of wicked price add-ons at the end of the job
Because dry concepts gives you a written guaranteed price before they start the work
Call them toll free and see for yourself how fantastic they are call 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 or log on to their website at dryconcepts.com
Don't forget with dry concepts. It's the truth. You can clean today and entertain tonight
560
Way to air
This is the story of a boy oh my god these my tights gloves who finds a pair of magical gloves
Please let me be like mine that will change the sport of boxing forever
Well going on here
Wow this is Murekris how do you do that?
Ouch my ears come back here a little punch
Flop pictures proudly presents wow I'm even Muslim I'm gonna eat you like Mike
Tyson at theaters everywhere
Oh
Well now don't you tell me to lie I love that Monica big fat
I'm gonna stop probably you I can't deny I ain't her big inhale
Revile you Yahoo who knew my president's a juice was squirted on you love a Monica on that old old town
I rolled that boy sick will this down making out with Monica in my limb move
I couldn't have picked a fat up in boat stealing pitch out I got my black hole-slaught
I'm old-fashioned nearly choked when she sucked down my bitch fat will this down
It's a scream I go on air barely Hillary's man without her my meat it's a whiskey adult
A reek
T-del-a-witch T-my-dow-witch T-my-dow-witch T-my-dow-witch T-my-dow-witch T-my-dow-witch T-my-dow-witch T-my-dow-witch
Time is now when I'm coming clean I like my boobies with cherry-dain cream
The boys on the hill see they may ya'n beat all of a gettin' suck by that true time and leech
Time to hire a cop pretty cause he's legit if she gettin' spits they must be cool
When my truck is over it's time to blow I'm jumping Hillary like a potato
Never stop a Hillary that's all I know she's all gettin' busy with January no
She can tell I never once called me a bump I might have got stuck but I did not come
Scared to death max I'm gonna get into the stands
Shoot me Gen. Phone if gonna stand
He's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been
so quick out of the book for a while he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's being telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he's been telling me he really liked my voice over the comments except for a new light in the wherein I offered my eight ourselves so far and uh like those people that they use water our the rain, people like me have gotten a lot of water all over the fridge that they use water ourhao and the lines you say people increase in  oil that
Oh gosh, look at the twerk, though.
Gay watch. Tonight.
Well, my name is Gary Condon, and I am living my worst beer.
Because I banged one of my interns, and then she went and just fell on beer.
Oh shunned really worth a price.
So in a pirate's open time, I'm high,
And I was open shunned a huff, and heard instead of my wife.
All right.
Oh wow, oh wow, oh wow.
Hope, and Shandra, hope, and Shandra.
Hope, and Shandra, hope, and Shandra.
Hope, and Shandra, hope, and Shandra.
Hope, and Shandra, yeah.
And I bleed about more.
Back in the day when someones are strong,
we didn't take their cry.
Yeah, no, no, no.
In Pearl Harbor, where the jams drop their bonds, we bomb them back.
And now the Saudis, they in us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that Saudi-loving, retired, points of bombers the wrong way.
Absolutely.
And on embarrassed to be in Americans, where they follow books like cheese.
The United States of Americans, led by Bush and his family,
breathing at this country.
Up, and the lengthores to the darkest days in history.
I don't want to be a tax America in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
If the greatest country in the world, they train us to believe.
In anyone who says that, obviously, and before to leave.
And on embarrassed to be in America, where we pay triadly please.
Wave a flag and what asked with our head in the sand,
that blindly follow the powers that be.
Habitat ticked.
Fuck off.
Watching state reviews on a 65-inch screen.
Scratch your balls and fire.
Everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
I'll push America.
You emailed me at the other address.
That's why I didn't have that email.
Oh, sorry.
You're catching me off guard.
That's okay.
You just trying to catch me off guard.
I know that.
I saw a gaslight.
I saw a gaslight.
I didn't see punch-drunk love yet, though, but here's another facts.
Well, we had a whole bunch of people.
That's where you were out sick yesterday.
We were at him, Sandler was doing pretty well on our pool.
People would keep you away from a movie.
But we had a whole bunch.
I would say.
Fuck third man.
People call him in sand.
Oh, even if you don't like Adam Sandler, you'll end up being a boy.
I also saw it, didn't you?
Haven't seen it, but people made it less frustrating.
Maybe it was a faso that saw it at the beast.
Punch-drunk love.
It's from Paul Thomas Anderson.
So now it's got to be great.
Director Writer of Boogie Nights and Magnolia, which George admits is the best movie ever made.
My, my, and lo-ho.
This is Fort Real High School.
Boogie Nights!
Hey, guys, if you're looking for a great place to spend the 4th of July, you have to check out Trezor Island.
I'll be there this Friday from 6 to 8 along with Boca Bry and Miguel and Boehner Boy for another QAM party.
We'll be enjoying specials that we can't mention on the air because they sound really dirty, and of course we'll have some of our crappy prizes.
Trezor Island is open seven days from noon till 5 a.m., located right off the Paul Meadow north of 120 Second Street.
Their multi-stage layout means you get a great view from anywhere in the club.
Enjoy great food made fresh by their gourmet chefs and don't forget about the free daily lunch buffet.
You can shoot a game of pool or watch your favorite sporting event on one of their huge satellite TV screens.
Every Tuesday, all Anheuser-Busch products are two for one from 4 to 8.
For more info, log on to Trezor Island dancers.com or call them up at 305-558-2221.
Don't miss this 4th of July 6 to 8 with all of us here from WQAM at Trezor Island.
Just off the Paul Meadow north of 120 Second Street, we'll see you there.
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
WQAM
