Neil, a guy said that you were to blame for 9-11 as he was dying on the shoe.
He thought you were like a little bit too.
He stopped me in a men's room at Shulis.
Now we know Pharrell is officially made.
Let's hear it.
He finally has had his first encounter with Gilbert.
Oh my God, dude.
I was like, dude, get away from me, please.
I didn't, you know, I didn't.
He said if you hired all of the pilots and I'm like, oh, and Jesus Christ, dude, have a stake.
That just was unbelievable.
I couldn't believe it.
I'm in a men's header at the Shulis and I got some guy telling me that you're the devil.
By the way, when you go back to Boca this afternoon or this morning, whatever,
how you're going, stop by and knock on your neighbor's door and just calm him down a little bit.
Put his hair piece back in the center of it a little bit.
He thinks that you posted his address, but you didn't.
And I'm also going to take over.
Assoles can call him up to show what a can't tank-risk old dork he is.
Absolutely.
They can call him up and tell him anything and he gets all bent out of shape about it.
We didn't put your address on our website yet, Mo.
I yet, Mo.
Yeah, I think what he did was.
He did.
Yeah, didn't I?
I honestly think that when he found out that his address was on your website, he pulled his calf muscle.
Did he?
He's even went that around today.
He's got some kind of calf injury.
Now, was he still reaching around to stick that tube back in this morning or not?
Or did we embarrass him out of that?
No, I haven't seen.
He just pissed out of your butt, Mo.
I was just trying to avoid any, you know, halitosis butt picking, crotch grabbing.
Yeah.
I try to avoid all that.
You really bring like a rubber cushion for that chair that you have to sit in that studio?
How many people got married in Toronto this weekend?
About third of men?
Like, I mean, I know the game thing's going on.
Is it a huge, have they taken over the entire city?
Yes.
That was, that wasn't yesterday.
That's been that way for years.
I know how many Americans went up there and got married.
About third of men.
That is sweet.
Have a great day, Neil.
You too, Scott.
Need some action.
And now the sound of Jimmy Stewart.
Making love to Catherine Hepburn.
Now, some humorless schmuck out there is going to say,
oh, that's a very poor taste.
She just died yesterday.
Her body isn't even lukewarm yet.
You're already making fun of poor Kate.
I don't think either one of them would cure at this point, do you?
No.
Jimmy Stewart and Catherine Hepburn are both pushing up daisies.
She never stole a freight train, but she was 96.
Don't you think that's old enough?
Yes.
I mean, I guess when you croak, you figure, well, whatever the number is,
it wasn't quite old enough.
You know, but I think 96 is old enough.
I'll take it.
I think 90 is old enough.
By the way, I should mention this Saturday, my mother will be 90.
What?
Nothing?
Are you laughing because I just said 90 isn't off?
No, I just told myself a joke I never heard before.
I wasn't necessarily thinking about her when I said that.
Of course not.
You would know.
Here's our poll question from our Catherine Hepburn's dead.
What are their dialect lines?
Gregory Peck 87.
Chat Huntly.
Well, you know, it's funny that you mentioned chat Huntly.
Even though it was David Brinkley who died, he was 82.
But that documentary I told you about, which I'm going to play a couple of minutes from it,
eventually.
Star Wars Dreams on CBC News were last night.
Our half documentary on this bullcrap, your government wasting $8 billion a year
on Star Wars again.
See, basically, what this is all about.
It doesn't make any difference whether it's Reagan or W.
It's really not relevant.
Although Reagan, you know, put on a better, he was a better, a Bella Figura, whatever that means.
But it's the same bunch of Nazis, the same lunatics.
Picking up right where they left off.
And so they're back with his Star Wars craft again.
So they showed in the middle of the show that there was a,
they were showing the different clips about that crap during the cold war
and about hide under your desk in school when they dropped the bomb.
And here was Chat Huntly of all people in a PSA and immediately stand up and
and put your arm over your face and then dive under the nearest table.
It was a panic.
Yeah, we had that on.
It was Chat Huntly.
Duck and cover.
Duck and power.
Exactly.
Duck and cover.
Which by the way, speaking of duck and cover, you'll enjoy being a boy's picture on our website today and
deservedly so.
You can not only see his getting ready to stuff, but also his giblets are on there.
World famous giblets.
Here's the result of our pull from Friday.
What celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still hot and wouldn't as luck would have it?
Oh, I can't believe that this changed.
I didn't even look at that.
Look at that.
The result changed.
But I saw a flick with about 10 seconds of it with Cameron Diaz on Saturday.
And they have a point.
Depending on what day of the week it is.
There's some time right here.
Her face isn't, I don't know.
It's not that she's all that pretty, but she has a nice smile.
She has charisma.
She's a wonderful soft, you know.
Well, that's what they're saying.
Her face isn't the greatest, but she's hotter than tamale.
What celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still hot?
Demi, more 257.
She comes from the behind and wins it.
Demi.
Cameron Diaz 248 was in the lead all the way right to the end.
Jamie Lee Curtis 216.
Jackie Johnson 206.
Sarah Cajesica Parker as Eric puts it on here 173.
Eric had a tremendously traumatic weekend, by the way.
Jillian Barbury 112.
Ellen Barkin 80.
Leah Remini 61.
She can do Jim.
Avramini.
They both have no UV.
Mimi Rogers 52.
Sean Connery 47.
Sandra Bernhard 46.
Dean Kane 39.
You see, you can tell that most of our audience are head of a sexual
males because of Dean Kane.
If we had a lot of fags and women out there, Dean came and had a lot more votes.
Naomi Campbell 27.
James Woods 23.
Oh my god.
What is wrong with you people?
I had to be a crank vote, didn't it?
Yeah.
Because I watched once upon a time in America.
Yesterday, the full three hour and 49 minute version,
the director's cut, which is now available in your video store.
Although two disc special edition, yes, people might be referring to James Woods.
Shlong.
Remember that's one of those rumors when you're reading that book or that article
about who's got the biggest one in Hollywood.
Wouldn't make it a difference.
John Holmes had a big shlong too.
Was he hot?
Oh, oh,
Jada Jada Pinkett Smith 23,
tried with Jada.
Yes.
LL Cool J 18.
Robert Redford 17.
Sophia Coppola 15 votes.
Oh.
Holy Toledo.
As Rick Weaver would say,
well, wouldn't it be great to have Rick Weaver back doing him dolphin games?
Bernie Mac 13.
Maureen Dowd 12.
Laurie Medcalf 11.
Paul Newman 11.
Scott Beo in last place with 10.
And I haven't seen him in a coonsate.
So I have no idea what Scott's looking like these days.
Probably old, you know?
Yeah, probably not looking all that good.
Here's our passage from the Hillary book today.
And anybody who's caught with Hillary book by the way,
will do 10 to 20.
Why the hell are you people buying this book?
Is there something wrong with these people?
I bought it only because I felt like duty bound, you know?
Yeah, like a schmuck.
But at least I'm making something useful out of it.
Every day on the show exclusively since this is not the BBC.
That fact's was so pathetic.
Save your breath.
They're reading it.
I don't give a crap what they're doing on the BBC.
Our audience isn't listening to the BBC.
I'm doing a pubic service here.
I'm saving people like 28 bucks to their hard on cash.
Hillary says on page two, how many days we've been doing this?
One, two, three, four, five.
This is day number six.
So in six days, of course, there's only the top part of page two.
I'd say in about three years, we might get to the end.
She says, my parents were typical of a generation who believed in the endless possibilities
of America and whose values were rooted in the experience of living through the great depression.
They believe that now don't be interjecting.
You know, I think we don't.
No, I didn't know was a run on sentence.
There are two sentences in here.
Okay.
They believed in hard work, not entitlement, self-reliance, not self-indulgence.
I'll even read the next paragraph as a bonus because it's a holiday week.
That is the world in the family I was born into on October 26, 1947.
We were middle class midwestern and very much a product of our place in time.
My mother, Dorothy Halla Rotem, was a homemaker whose days revolved around me and my two younger
brothers and my father, Hugh E. Rotem, owned a small business.
The challenges of their lives made me appreciate the opportunities of my life even more.
Oh, should I have the violin's playing in the back, you know, I need oxygen.
I mean, this is such a thrill.
God, talk about hearts and flowers and just, it's crap is what it is, but that's okay because
Hillary wrote it. Where's my cello lady?
The challenges of their lives made me appreciate the opportunities of my own life even more.
You know, these assholes out there that are talking about her, you think she's going to be present?
Seriously, if you're getting about the present, Pozo, what qualification does she have to be
present of the God, they have my SPCA, anything, anything.
I don't know.
I mean, what are we talking about here?
Oh, but her name is Clinton, so you and she was the once married to the president.
She's the ice princess and she and Janet may have been getting it on for all we know.
It's pretty damn embarrassing, seriously. Where the hell did we come up with these losers?
Oh, it's thinking of that. Did you see the result of the, the poll?
The online poll that we voted in?
No, I did not.
Move on.org.
Well, we'll get to that. We had to post it over the weekend, but we'll get to that because it'll
kill some really good time and we got today's poll.
I'll be honest with you that there only a handful of new stories on the website today because
there's nothing going on other than Kate Hepburn dying. I think and of course the
aeromaps got a lot of a couple of chinks in the armor again and another shooting over there today.
So says Israeli radio.
Few little bumps in the road there after all these years you don't expect a smooth transition
doing right? A few more people got to die. A whole bunch more people got to die and then maybe
then maybe we'll talk turkey. 12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQA and this is tomorrow's Canada day
then you got your fourth of July and Friday and then next week is the big vacations kids and
we got some very exciting news to tell you about that too momentarily. Yeah, thrilling.
You don't think? Yeah, whatever. I think it's very exciting.
Hey, Gilbert, you're an imbicil Gilbert. Okay, anybody ever tell him that? I'm sure.
See Gilbert's a product also those Reagan years. You know, when they let all the
not cases out of the institutions, I'm sure he's a product of that. I'm telling you,
here's some kind of place that you want to find some really great products. But what do you say?
Barbecue is galore. That's right with July 4th coming up just a matter of days away.
At Barbecue's galore you'll find the biggest range of Weber grills in accessories starting with
their Weber smokey Joe portable charcoal grill and this one is so inexpensive. It's under 28 bucks
the perfect grill for any July 4th picnic. Nobody can beat Barbecue's galore's incredible
selection of top quality grills. They got a full line of grills including Weber viking,
Jen, air, broil mate and exclusive grills like the turbo Barbecue chef cook on and Captain
cook all of the guarantee lowest prices you'll find anywhere. Right now take advantage of no
payment semi-scanched financing till January 2004 on approved credit. This week at Barbecue's
galore you can take home the amazing three burner cook on grilled. A Barbecue's galore is
exclusive. It comes with a host of great features that you'd normally would find only on
much more expensive grills like 42,000 parrhopled BTUs, porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking
grills and a generous 625 square inch cooking area. You won't find yourself another grill like this
for this kind of price now just 349 bucks and only at Barbecue's galore perfect again for that
July 4th cook out or any cook out all summer long. Don't forget Barbecue's galore is America's
best Barbecue's store they have it all and they have stores for implantation and university
driving to fountain shopping center called 954 4234 1400 and curl springs on the corner of sample
road in Rock Island roads called 954 7576668 everything out of the sun for Barbecue in his one great
place Barbecue's galore.
And now every corner has a shepherd run back dead most of them are dead back dead shot
the corners in the head back dead make that oil flow we get that price and gas down low
we're giving them a taste of the bakar received with the crack grip barrel and an apple of
the feed is back dead they work for war is one back dead we only jumpy gun back dead
the world is ours you know I'll have a bag of deep fried gaby toes to go just like the
night season one more to there was a whole lot of art for the brass the boost back dead grab
everything you can back dead they won't be doing that again back dead hey we want two wars
anybody know what the red alert's war you want some water well now it's ours we'll sell you
a bottle for a nominal chart back dead look at the stockings decks back dead I ran his
gonna be neck back dead now Bush is gone that he's little boy gets anything he wants
yeah that's it boy gets anything you want that's little boy gets anything you want that
that you turn that that that's 17 to 560 WQM happy Monday to you sonny gonna be 75 here today
treats you're all cleaned up after we had those hundreds of thousands of queens up and down
downtown all over the place yesterday sure you must add a jug in a gate pride turn out there
then you're like in sweet water oh what's different about that here's the fact that says great
new movie out 28 days later highly recommended that's the one with a kid from transporting
who's still swishing around in the bowl looking for it looking for that suppository oh god
or you have a 28 days later that's any of the movie haven't got rid of that the zombie movie
you're asking me yeah anybody know it's only it's only been out like about five minutes
somebody will know maybe we'll actually get a call you think we're gonna get any calls today
no I doubted from people yeah from like well I mean like real people I'm not talking about you know who
I'm talking about like real living it for example this fact you sent me a couple of minutes
ago from Billy and Voka I think this tells you everything you need to know I mean talk about
incoherent it's a speaking of new picture and beener boy when will you post the picture of his
arrest photo he's a kid what does that say he's a what now celeb celeb celeb now don't want to
have to wait for smoking gun dot com to get a near-ranges dot com to have an exclusive says
Billy and Voka and it says go with fear and loathing in Las Vegas is that what that says that's
what's yeah that's what it says go watch go with it go with it get jiggy with it I thought you hated
that I couldn't get through it I couldn't get through 15 minutes of it oh and I'm not on that
post I was like it it was about drugs so I watched three hour and 49 minute version of lots of
part of time in america state the directors cut special to a disk edition with Robert deniro
and Elizabeth Montgomery why do I always call her that I don't even can do Elizabeth Montgomery although
one is dead Elizabeth Montgomery no one to George and Joe pesci see and the very grotesque and
unsexual James Woods and a very young and later on very hot uh Brian loom he just kind of vanished
and he was in a whole bunch of movies Brian loom and he was on that soap opera as the warm turns
and I guess they turned his warmer on a couple times too many and that was the end of him Brian
loom you know who had great not only did he have great eyes but also the young Elizabeth McGovern
man she had beautiful she had beautiful and that's awfully nice of her to show her breasts as often
as she can and they'll let her and I'll tell you who else was really good and there was Tuesday
well right she she was a pretty lady played Carol and a great young so you can you could tell
Carol was enjoying it you know when they did the diamond heist and Robert deniro raped her and
where really wasn't a rape right it was a thing it was a episode it was a thing and then when she
came into their office she was like reaching around trying to figure out whose thing it was at any
rate three hours and 49 minutes and the ending is still and if you'd listen to the commentary
there's a guy that they have on the special features I don't know who the hell a guy was let's see
uh footage not an original release yeah it's it's different if you're well someday when you're
like want to hibernate and get a couple of half gallons of uh rires score ice cream I can't
I can't find who the hell does that but at any rate there's a guy that does a narration the
commentary later on it on the special disc and when you get to the end he says the same thing
that we've all said that since the last scene well I mean I'm not going to spoil it because it's an
old movie the last scene is the narrow back in the opium parlor again and it chops all over the
place you know right and it ends with that big silly not just a smile but that big smid
eat and grin on his face kind of like one of the movie that we saw recently we're ended where she
liked broke out with a smile I don't want to say magnolia and you think uh huh and then the narrator
says well a lot of speculation that the whole thing was just a pipe dream that's a little play on
words right yeah and you think to yourself well if that's the case I just spent three hours and
49 minutes uh watching a guy dreaming about something happen that never maybe happen right I hate that
but what difference does it make it's just a freaking movie anyway no it's real it's reality oh is
it yeah and if they and if it's a dream in the movie then uh then it's not real and that's uh that's
wrong israel see there he goes again boys and girls there he goes picking on israel again
here's today's pool the last thing I want to hear on the neo-roger show is and I got a little
we have one that I have to add immediately which I neglected the last thing I want to hear
about on the neo-roger show is and we've already got some votes on there music seven that's because
they hate my music and they're not too crazy about yours either but mine they hate like poison
that's okay 23 votes already music seven hockey six mohawar david had four absolutely by the way old
man your address is not on our website yet uh sports three politics one q a q a m politics one
meaning uh I didn't word that well whatever show I've called it think of what that means right
gossip crap movies only one and religion doesn't have any
don't let me forget to play that clip from star wars dreams I was well how come that wasn't on
eight billion dollars of your money or your tax dollars on a bunch of crap that they already know
is never going to work our first call us from davi but it is online six hits my drift
here's a call from davi hello hello david what do you hope yes sir how are you i've got nothing i
went to that movie the twenty eight days later yesterday afternoon yes and like a half hour later
after sitting through as long as I could I had to walk out of there it was pondering
it was uh not a b movie but a c movie you walked out and I had to walk out and get my money back
for or actually I got tickets for some other date actually was pathetic was that the zombie movie oh my
god that's the second one in my 50 year year you're sure he was that the zombie movie was there
a abacrub being zombie in it exactly yeah and and it was it was just unbelievable it had to
quiten in your like your head was in hemorrhoids huh and if you didn't when you started you fell
okay well thanks for the warning pal you got to get off have a great day so there's the first
review of twenty eight days what's the name of it again twenty eight days one later later later later later
later it sucked he said so bad he actually had to get up and walk out now that's interesting
because I just got the facts minutes ago saying this was great and now we get a guy to get up and
walk down now this guy seems incredible I don't know why maybe because I think because it's the same
guy that was in train spotting but the actor really shouldn't have anything to do with director
right director from oh it was the same director that's what I heard oh my god well there's
another one I watched that until he got his hand stuck in the toilet bowl reaching for his
deposit three fish it around for uh gems and at that point I said uh uh I don't see uh I don't
know later these are is that reviews the shows on the uh sunday morning show one of those
sunday morning shows but I have no idea I don't watch the sunday morning shows oh are you talking
about the great performance by general uh Clark on meet the press the whole yeah
well I have forgotten all about right uh anywhere what did the old guy say he said that it was
all right and he's a green persimmons sucking old cuss he likes green pre likes to suck on green
persimmons yes what did you come up or come up what you want to add to the poll I'll get to it
just just relax okay when you just relax don't start getting pushy who wants to know Eric
or be an herb boy well Eric
eating ass how can I have forgotten that since George is going to be doing the show next Monday
and Monday Wednesdays and Fridays for the next two months basically
eating ass the last thing I want to hear about oh I will say this I want to go on record
to saying right now although I will not be listening when George is doing the show I'm not one
of those people that since around like an old buddy do you know what I mean
absolutely and listen to the radio when I'm not working taking notes calling in but I would
much rather and I'm not saying this gratuitously I'm saying it from the bottom of my parts I would
much rather hear about a eating ass than the marlins I as much as I love for well you know I do
just got but this marlin thing is just leaves me limp you know all these people again I'll take
two tickets I'll take eight tickets I don't want to hear about the marlins okay which which is fun
I'm not telling them what to talk about or what that's not I'm just expressing an opinion I'd rather
hear about eating ass than hear about the freaking Florida marlins okay it is so talk about beating a
dead horse my god well it is unlikely we will be getting into eating ass why is that well just
because we exhausted that in the day and a half that I talked it's an exhausted ass right but there
is no chance yes we will be discussing the marlins there's a better chance there's slim but there's
a better chance that you'll be discussing eating ass than the marlin at length and you will not
be given any marlin tickets away no all right thank god for saying the word marlin I'm serious I
can't I just can't deal with I know it's a long hot humid boring summer but it there's got to be
something beside the freaking Florida marlins it's just oh I was thinking this yesterday the idea
and I don't know however used to do it because remember when I was a big cubs fan there for a while
was a hairy carry thing really and I'd sit there and I watch every guy damn game from the first
pitch total I asked out I I could no longer watch a an entire baseball game in fact I can't watch
an inning I couldn't watch a whole inning of baseball and I anymore than I could like a you know
have wild hot sex with Mohawar David and tear piece with his bag it's just it's just inconceivable
to me you know how you drug past the gas station they'll have the high school cheerleaders doing a
car wash to raise right we'll be giving tickets away to those all right now we're talking all right
because sometimes the guys are out there we're like they're close off uh-huh 1027 at 560 WQM if your
carpets look bad smell bad if they're schmootsy man the bottom line is they need to be cleaned and
who you want to call you can call you can open up your yellow pages there's a zillion names in there
some of them are even still in business but I've tended to people have been around the longest
who've been cleaning my carpets for over 20 years these are the folks you want to call because
they're the best in the universe why call anybody else dry concepts for over 20 let's see 24
years now they've been cleaning carpets in town and making them look just like brand new and giving
you a great deals no rip offs no scams no add-ons at the end of the job which carpets cleaners are
famous for as a matter of fact the people that dry concepts want to reassure you so much that they
don't do that that they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the
job then they go by dry cleaning your carpets which sucks out the deep down dirt and they're
makes them look just like brand new makes them smell amity fresh they're drying just a couple of hours
and you'll be amazed at how they can take the nastiest the smelliest the filthiest looking carpets
and make them look just like brand new also your drapery your expensive area rugs and oriental
rugs your poultry leather furniture if you having problems with pet owners or milled water's
caused by water damage dry concepts will make them disappear just like magic so we owe it to yourself
to call the professionals the best in the business and dry concepts column tool free at 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 you can get more info on a great job they do for you by logging
out of their website dryconcepts.com it's the truth when you call dry concepts you really can
clean today and entertain tonight
hey my ain't this my ain't this
Hi kids y'all like cutting little sinkers that funny little sound that comes right out you stink
want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about boo boo my brains
all gone I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which spice school I'm gonna
and Dr Dre-ass yo mate you past can yeah no what do I smell ass man you low-click well c-h-12
it seemed like I always smell like hot grip and gasses and ducing was pretty swell I got pissed off
when I put my jeans off and fought it so hard that turn my underwear backwards like crisscross
and every night I'm like oh dinner last and fun at my ass fast little fat bitch you ain't too fat
smell this honey yeah the creative man's right bro I don't give a fuck God serve me to stink the
world up. My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain't it's teacher want me kicked out back in junior high. The problem was something
pulled up my ass and died. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened
later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper. To walk in the strip club my
contestants were filled up. Moons the bartender took a dump in a tip club went over to a
dancer had a fucking cigar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a
father. 99% of my life I was lied to. I just found out my mom got all gas and I do.
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper. They were wrecked about strange noises made on the
grandpa. You know you will endure when the women rush to leave. You try to hold
the back but you must eat it really. This guy at White Castle said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and move. My ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my
ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's
my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's
my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's
my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's
my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's my ain't it's
my ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain ain
which finished last week the lovely Frank and Liz first place winners by a mile
and there they are second place winners the sexy Brian and Natasha now who do we know who took what or
is it make any difference uh I don't know we don't know we don't care our fourth and final
contest is going on right now in third place third prize winners were the elegant and beautiful
dragon Stephanie not necessarily in that order the biker twins and they've got the adeniferate
with the pizza lock so anyway there's the three and I'm pretty proud is it three good couples I
would say you knew indeed three good couples so if you want to enter this fourth one which is our
final one for the time being let's see you got till July 14th which today is the oh we got a long
way to go two weeks two weeks to get us your pictures be sure and like us send them to neo-ranges.com
contest at neo-rangers.com like I said contest at neo-rangers.com email us a picture of
yourselves with your significant other and then on the July 14 which is two weeks from today if my
math is right then we'll have the pictures up there on the web and then for a whole week people
can vote for their favorites and we'll announce the winners on the following Monday July 21
and the grand prize is three day two nights day for two with the royal oasis resort in
casino and Bahamas with round trip air for on lake or air and or whichever one you like or a three
I'm sorry three night two days stay and that's I don't want to go through that again okay that's
correct three nights well we got those nitpickers on you said this and you know you said that
yeah we said that too three night two days day for two and he didn't his him two or three in
Jamaica all inclusive transfers food drink gratitude to these entertainment neo-airfare so the one
in the Bahamas does include round trip air for the one at the Jamaica no airfare but all
other good stuff and you get to choose and third place when it gets dinner for two at the pizza
without ponytail so the winners are up there you can peruse and take a look at them and maybe
they'll encourage you to send your pictures in email them too be an herb boy at the jail cell number
48.com now go on back this is this is so sensational I'm just how do we keep doing this every time
you think that we've reached the pinnacle and it can't get any better we keep that we got mozo we
got the squirrely mo with a swing of nuts but now and why don't we gonna get the beast
and clearance honeymoon photo on there the the wedding pictures is that what those are the wedding
pictures yeah oh those are lovely we'll get them on so they're short too but now right under
where it says click here to make the neo-rider show your home page right above muscle bound meal
is what do we call this as I guess we're all having a party oh god the multi-talented mo who's
a real swinger he's dancing oh god you know something though it's like one of those things like
no seriously like hypnotist use right the like the coin the swirly coin right one of those swirly
things and you keep looking at it and it becomes mesmerizing and you can't stop well the whole
thing in twin peaks is the dwarf would appear in the the same kind of acid induced dream that
whoever kept having yeah and he just keeps dancing and dancing I can't stop yeah and just goes on
forever so on a bottom there he's raping me and just can't stop and on top I can't stop he's a dancing
fool he's a party he's a real party animal his address by the way is something something in bokeh
a phone booth in bokeh okay let's take a look at how that pool is coming up we do have some news
about this vacation schedule we had a little bit of a tease there and I think that basically was
somebody maybe had did a couple too many magic mushrooms or something with ferella of see one
thing about Scott as much as great as he is and we love him and we're delighted that he's with us
and a wonderful lead in etc but you don't want to spread him too thin you know I mean no
it's like really really rich food okay right like like pick and pie even even a pig like me
couldn't eat like a huge piece or like more than one piece of pick and pie I know it likes to
pick and seeds how come I can't how come I can't get the my website my web page back because
everybody mentioned something about some crazy people all on their look at them all now we're
I love them overload like that don't you I can't get it either I'm trying to get today I'm thinking
I can't because everybody wants to all believe me it's well worth it okay you'll have hours and
hours of fun and amusement taking a puke at that my little bar at the bottom of the monitors going
backwards right I always do that to myself well look at the pool is going on it's ongoing the last
thing I want to hear about on the near Roger show is and we got a nice list there for including
eating ass which I noticed eating ass had a quick five votes I'm instead of doing a show today I
think what we're all gonna do is just sit and look into our monitors at the dancing moment
hmm he is a party fool I'll tell you turn 31 at 560 WQM I want to tell you if you want to lose
weight everybody and their brothers tried the grapefruit diet and the atkins diet and they still
and the weight watchers and Jenny Craig.
I tell you one thing about those other diets where they have like the pre-packaged food, all of that food blows.
It really does. They give you like little boxes of crap, with a lot of chemicals in it.
That's one of the things that sets balance for life apart from the others is because they give you great fresh delicious food
and it keeps you satisfied. If you're not satisfied and you're cheating like crazy,
what the hell's the point of being on it and spending a lot of money?
But with balance for life, they deliver right to your door by 6 a.m. a little black sack.
And that's the key to your success and lose some weight with balance for life because all your food for the day is in there.
And you get to choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that's run a program.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting because they do all accounting for you based on the zone diet.
All you have to worry about is reaching outside your door there by 6 a.m. a.m. and grabbing your little black sack. Just grab it.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks right inside there, and believe me the food is fresh and delicious.
They got fructadas and omelets and all kinds of delicious goodies, beef and fish and chicken. You name it, they got it. See food?
So if you're really frustrated, try out all the other diets and you haven't been able to lose that weight yet.
If you're out of shape lethargic, if you're diabetic or maybe on the verge, do yourself a big favor and at least try balance for life.
This could be the answer you've been looking for for a very long time. Call balance for life at 9.5.4.568.8.229.
9.5.4.568.322.29 or check them out of that wicked worldwide web after you check out SpinningMo at balanceforlife.com.
Live in local, your sports video 560s, you a.m.
Gang rape is funny.
Well congratulations, get a life.
We got an inside wall street 10. Now she's gonna pay for it.
Alright!
10.46.5.60. WQ. I'ma got the mad dog at 2. The Humper at 4. In the studio no less till 6.30. Now they're tough to sign.
Then you got the pre-game show Marlins undecided Braves at the Marlins.
705. Let's not talk about the Marlins showing.
Okay. Even though they give up 45 runs in three games and pull the middle game out.
In the case follows the baseball game, Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 5 in the morning and then the crusty old fart and guilty at 5.00 a.m.
177 votes already. The last thing I want to hear about on the Arrangeers show is sports.
Sports. 46. I guess that's why clearance don't listen to this show.
See if you walk out there in a hall you'll hear this show coming from Muff's Orifice and from the other Orifice you'll hear Clarence listen to Fox Sports.
If you're in team, if you ran out there right now, be in your boy, run out there right now and see what Clarence is listening to.
Come on. He didn't get a diary. Who's that Clarets? Oh he does keep a diary though.
You ought to read those steamy entries about him and the beast.
Sports. 46. Hockey. 40. They don't want to hear about that at all.
Let's do a hockey show. Eating ass George eating ass 21.
I mentioned white lottery. I'll vote it more than once. Music 20.
They don't want to hear about my music. But I tell you that you were going to was it you're going to December or last December.
Something all those music shows. Oh my God. We might as well shut the transmitter off.
I thought they were great. Me too. Yeah, you did not. I did. I liked it. Yeah.
Just like you like the bedtime. Well, I think that's that's the new deal. Sure. If George likes it, that means that we won't do it.
Because it means it's going to go like let's see eating ass 26.
Moe Howard. I never did tell the thing about for well that I'm about to schedule. I'll get to it.
One thing about this week. We have we don't have to rush. You know what I mean?
Take your time. Relax. We almost killed the first hour here already. We had a call.
Moe Howard, David, 22. And if you want to see about that movie 28 days later, they have their own website.
You can just do a search on it because I don't know right now what it was.
But they had their own website. Danny Boyle. That's the director. Am I right? Then he do trans spotting.
Okay, I guess we guess. Oh no, you're not the one who watched trans spotting right? I watched it.
You watched it. Sure. Oh my God. Of course. Oh, see, I you know something. I get chills just thinking about that.
I got through it. And it takes me quite a lot of my hell of a lot to gross me out. Believe you me. They don't come more perverted than me.
But watching some guys swishing around with his hand and then toilet bowl after he's just taken and not just any toilet bowl.
Oh, man. The last thing I want to hear about on the Eroger show sports 48 hockey 43 eating ass 26.
Moe Howard, David, 22. And you like that? Absolutely. Music 21. Politics 15.
Q. I. Am office politics. I think we should have probably put office politics, but we don't have room for it.
Movies eight and religion only two out of 193 votes in just a half an hour or less.
193 votes already. Religion only two, which is a great. We got a couple of call. We got a car phone there.
We got a car. Is that what he said? Yeah. I have to play that again.
Don't be picking on the bird. That's bad. The man's been dead for a couple of years now. And you're picking on the bird.
I bet that Johnny Dark shows up there sucking around demanding a free lunch if you keep that up. You think?
Here's Miami. Hello. That's the best thing. Say anything. The bird.
What do you say anything? Just say something. Yeah, what's one of the all time best movie stuff?
I'm telling you now. I'm not kidding. The guy on the radio gave it three stars. The newspaper Miami hero three and a half.
And I'd give it a negative 15,000. That was the worst movie I've seen in my life. And I tortured myself and sat for the whole thing.
I'll be damned. Well, it figures if it's by the same people that did train spotting it had to be a piece of crap.
Oh, if you're part of expression in that the English accent. Well, I hate that. Can't stand in Brits.
I don't know. I get the shmits from here in Brits. Well, thanks again. We got you down, pal. I gotta go. I'm getting sick.
That's good. Well, I feel really redreemed because I watched the two dispensal once a pound of time in America,
which is a damn good flick. One of my favorites, including lots and lots of scenes we had never seen before and killed a really good afternoon.
When I could have been outside the middle of hundreds of thousands of screaming, missing fags, I'll pass.
And so I enjoyed it a lot. And I could have instead been in the theater watching 28 days later.
I probably would have walked out. My first of all, I wouldn't go to see it because if it's by the same group of British misfits who did train spotting,
I would want to go see it. Yeah. Let's take a look at that eating ass. Keep your eye on it. It's moving up.
It was a late edition. 31 already. See? Just I just mentioned this. I never tell you what to talk about.
And you'll notice religion only to is way this in last place. Right. That's why I think it's time to stoke up those religious shows again.
Point the thing with all these religious fakers, all this God bull crap. Oh, there was an not only that watch that thing on the BBC or CBC last time.
Right. That documentary. But also there was an interesting show on whenever the hell was over the weekend about the Aztecs about all these different gods, you know, in the sun God and love that stuff.
Oh, yeah. It was really pretty interesting.
Total collateral. Right. Exactly. And about all these different gods. Everybody had their own gods and everybody made up their stories and all this other bull crap.
And of course the the eagle was at the eagle or was it the hawk? Whatever the hell was some big bird eating the snake was represented the.
Yeah. This has been going on since man first crawled out of the slime if you pardon me, steal that expression and you're still with a God bull crap. What are you going to give up the baloney?
Okay. What are you going to give it up? Oh God. Right. Man, it's so sad. All these people still kill each other because our gods better than your God. You don't believe in the same crap. And Jesus is going to come and get you now, but a great lead into that segment.
From that document to the last night star wars. The long wind and wilderness is being prepared as the new high frontier. Just a little clip to protect America from the fear of missiles fired over the top of the world from countries like North Korea.
If in fact North Korea were ever to develop a missile that could hit the United States, we would see it. And it is very unlikely that any present in the United States could wait to see if North Korea were to launch that missile and then see if our system could somehow intercept it.
It's much more likely that the United States would move preemptively to intercept it before it could be launched. There are many many options for the missile defense to protect yourself against a rogue state threat.
America's defense is online on sea and in the air.
But it's greatest right is from space.
The 50-year quest for a secure roof over America does never lost its hold on the nation's ideological warriors.
For some true believers, the fear of America's nuclear vulnerability has always stirred visions of the biblical armageddon, the battleground of the final struggle between good and evil.
The world could likely come to cataclysmic end in the very near future. And then the heaven will pass away with the terrible noise and the heavenly bodies will disappear in fire and the earth and everything in it will be destroyed.
Midnight hours on us, the road to Armageddon.
The Ring of T Дажеir...
There are so many movies and TV teams ready to start MO and the Returner will become through this tragedy.
President. Gee shocked. Yeah. Yeah. They ripped him an ass. It was great. It was on a CBC news world last night. Oh
Something you probably won't be seeing on your local TV channels in the US
It's one of those things, you know
You can either give the public the truth and tell it like it is or you can continue like a wave in a flag and singing
God bless America. Oh, which that was an interesting point late in the movie. There once upon a time in America after he walks out of the mansion
Mm-hmm after refusing to kill James Woods mister or is it named Mr
No, no, no, no. He was noodles
But what was the name of the whatever the hell a guy's name was?
He was the chairman of the commerce committee whatever the hell of a James Woods
And he walks out to the corner he gets through the gate and he stands there and he starts
There's first to see with a garbage truck
And we have the feeling that James Woods hopped in the back of the garbage truck and there's getting chewed up to pieces and then
The two old big cars come down the street with a big prolly a party animals in it
And he here Kate Smith with God bless America. That is a great scene
What does it mean? We haven't got any idea, but it's a great scene. It's no trans spotting
The last thing I want to hear about on the Eroger show is
249 votes already
Sports 63
hockey 47 eating ass 38 eating ass
It's already got 38 votes George quick thing. I don't talk about it. Moe Howard David 35 music 21 politics 20 movies 13
Q.A. I'm off as politics 10 and religion only a small pair
How do you like that? Oh, right. All of religious nuts have gone elsewhere good. Yeah, hubman dread
10 56 at 560 W Q.A. And you know summertime in South Florida guarantees three things he humidity and hurricanes
Now you know you can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season like right now
The hurricane shutter and window shop provides the very best hurricane protection
With just one easy call to the hurricane shutter and window shop
They'll be at your home the next day with a quote for hurricane shudders windows and doors
Customized an engineer specifically for you in your home from panels accordions roll-up shutters impact resistant windows and doors
The hurricane shutter window shop will not be at a sold
They'll beat any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these people you're buying directly in the manufacturer and wholesaler
So call you the hurricane shutter and window shop at 1 800
538 0191 they also offer cash and care if you do it yourself handyman
So if you're serious about hurricane protection customize an engineer specifically for you and your home call a hurricane shutter window shop
1 800 538 0191 that's 1 800 538 0191 be sure and tell me crusty old Neil told you to call
Come on baby, come play with these cities
Oh
I want much better pants when my career was alive
Hey, you want something to eat?
Uh, nothing but I can pull something out of my ass. No, I got it going. I'm starting a new business. I'm pretty no good
Yeah, I'm gonna be a hooker. I'm proud of my bubble. Hey smell. Oh, yeah, you sure you don't want something to eat
Yeah, oh, I can tell you
Hey, what are you?
You're out of your club. Oh, no, no, I don't know what you're talking about you just look a pistol a white wolf
Bill different script in your moron
I got it from my deducted what that doctor
What's it through you? Don't look my hair is moving as you my god. Just place you have mess and my underwear smells like hot
Mulberry
My favorite show is
We got a losing
Dig
What's up, what's up?
Who's joining us from West Vegas?
Mocha McDonald's, Lennon!
Yes!
What's up, what's up, what's up?
Ah, me, Cuffie.
I'd just like to say, that's a lovely dress you got on
near your home, oh.
Thank you.
Hi, my name's Huy.
That's a pretty one, I'm having this.
I feel like running down this street.
Lincoln, look, look, I'm an Lincoln man.
You want a Mickey Mouse!
Where am I?
Who looks?
Do you want to read me Pally?
Here's your major.
I don't read my highly desirable ass ass.
What?
I'm an Lincoln man.
I'm an American man.
Can I have a race?
May I, just?
Hey, Lincoln, I'm an American man.
Take a look at this hair.
And from all of that, who's on it?
Hey, don't!
Your hair dropped me!
Yeah, alright, I was on radio, you know.
I was on the radio.
Just so gun the tool that you won't feel acting.
I was on the radio.
I was on the radio.
I was on the radio.
Hello, Paul.
Dupin' I decided to stop by and see how you were doing.
Oh, this is terrible.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You know, the difference between late and the movie scene with Sarah Golefarb there at
the institution, difference between her and Mo with the same stage as she had better
here.
Uh-oh.
Now, speaking of Mo, I just can't stop.
I'm just transfixed.
Maybe I am hypnotized by the new picture we have on our website.
But if you look at the head, that's the work of brilliance on here.
The fact that the head is, it's actually moving around.
Yeah.
I like the other cut and paste ones with, you know, our cute, but this one, he's, uh,
that's him.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
It's a beautiful thing.
So anyway, did I finally finish telling about how Furella is not going to be doing in
the film in this, uh, this film?
No, but I was told that it's not definite yet.
Oh, and I like, who told you that, tough?
When did you tell you this recently?
Recently like when?
Now you were sitting there.
You were freaking that you're witness, okay?
Yeah.
When he told me this morning, he thought a show that, uh, it's not going to happen and
yada yada yada yada.
He barring some cataclysmic thing that, uh, we're, it's going to be apologized if you
got the wrong impression, but it's not a done deal.
It's just very unlikely that I, well, why don't we just say it's not going to happen?
Okay.
Why don't we just do it the way we've always done it before?
Or we could just say nothing and turn on the radio and something will be on there.
Yeah, that's right.
Turn it on next Monday morning at 10 and see what the lasagna may be for all of just
keep going.
You know, he has a habit of although today I must say he must have been in a hurry for
something because you notice I didn't have to say, see, it's got to have to like encourage
him to leave, which is fun.
I enjoy doing that, but I didn't have to do that today.
So he must have had like a hot date or something.
Anyway, TBA to be announced at a leader date.
So two in next week, but we think it's going to be George Monday Wednesday and Friday,
and I'll be on Tuesday and Thursday, although it's probably not a good idea.
Now, and especially these last two weeks, last week and this week a very bad idea, you
won't be seeing that happen again next year.
Guaranteed Greg.
The last thing, especially look at that phone, is that one call might as well get out of
the way it'll be short.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how you doing, man?
Good.
Hey, I listened to you since I was about like a six and a half years old.
Oh, right.
Since you were a baby.
Yeah.
And two things.
One, Mohaward is definitely not what he appears to be.
Absolutely.
No, he's a donkey, donkey's ass.
And two, Richie Hebner and Chuck Meyer did have a homosexual relationship.
I swear, God.
Jesus Christ, Christ Almighty, and Hallelujah.
Holy Jesus Christ, Almighty.
The, uh, low, holy, holy wood.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
Call us when you get out.
He must have just watched the Requiem over the weekend.
The last thing I want to hear about on the near Roger show is sport 74.
And that was our only call, by the way.
Don't answer him, be an aboy.
Let him, let me do screenless.
I don't want to put you ahead of very stressful weekend.
Or was it we that had a very stressful weekend, George?
What?
I'm sorry.
I was, uh, good.
My ears.
Good.
The last thing I wanted to hear about on the near Roger show sport 74.
We got enough sports, the other 20 hours or 16 hours that they wouldn't want to lay
that at Mark and the Joe and Joe and Mark.
Uh, that's right.
They're only on three hours now.
So three, uh, the other 17 hours a day.
Sports, sports, sports, marlin, sports, sports, marlin, sports.
I mean, come on already with a marlin, with a marlin droppings, okay?
Jesus.
Tockey 55, eating ass 51.
You know what's how fast eating ass is moving up the list?
Yeah, they're saying you have just grossed them out with that eating ass stuff about it
100 times more often than I have.
What's that eating ass?
I've done shows on eating ass.
No, but you meant the only thing I ever said about it, I've said two thing.
Oh, wait a minute.
This is very important.
How many of those animals and is there a way to build a barrier to prevent another
jump from animals to humans?
Right.
Now, do you think the oncoming winter or fall this year would have any impact?
How the hell does he know you stupid bits are talking about SARS?
No more SARS.
Bye bye.
Now, in that finished this year, now, what was that just saying?
You were talking about how it was eating ass.
They had to have two summers ago that was the extent of my eating ass content.
The only thing I've ever said about eating ass is that I find it disgusting that a grown
man like Dwight Lutterdale would be like picking out a dead woman like a ambitious like
that.
That's all I ever said.
Oh, something about picking ass.
And then of course, we got to that more business.
Absolutely.
It was really disgusting.
I knew he was a CD old fart.
Moe Howard David had spoken of that 37.
Last thing they want to hear about is Moe.
Music 24, politics 20.
And I have a feeling that those 20 are probably people who don't like my political stand
in yours either.
People right wing assholes who sat on this lunatic, this dangerous maniac, this religious
nutcase that we got in there.
Nothing like rap Nazis.
Yeah, nothing more than Ronald Reagan with worse acting and worse here.
Moe 15, that's not too bad.
Only 5% to 1 here about the movies.
We like the movie shows.
QWAM office politics only 11.
That's one of their favorites.
And religion only 5 out of 295 votes.
A spectacular response on our poll today because the website has got the new, what what
name are we going to give that is that just dancing Moe?
Sure one out of dancing to work Moe, whatever dancing to our dual, what are dwarf Moe who
never looked better.
Absolutely.
And he don't even have on his lime green pants or checkered pants.
He's got a lovely kind of puse red reddish, have the color eyes and brings here that
reddish outfit, rust, brick, whatever, poly, brindle, brindle suit.
You look lovely Moe.
Never look better.
So anyway, like I said, the schedule would be whatever the hell we feel like putting on
it.
So there's an incentive to in it and see if we're ever shots up at 10 o'clock.
Well, at least if nothing else, you have a nice crossover.
Oh, sure, for like four hours.
What do you think, George?
Who is that fruitcake there in the island who is having diarrhea all over me?
We're going to talk about coos and Quinn.
I see WQAM.
WQAM screenless line.
No.
Now here's the line six watch.
Keep your ear open.
WQAM.
I'm water parking.
Because you are coming to numbers.
This is the chronic guy.
Chronic.
Chronic go away.
And we got your fax this morning.
It's in the Schmidt can.
Okay.
Chronic.
This is another guy changes his name every day.
Get a life.
Get a life.
Go away.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
These people today, boy, it's going to be this way all week and you wait till next week.
Woo.
Oh, God.
You'll wish that for I was filling from like 10 to 2 Monday Wednesday and Friday.
What do you mean?
I already do.
Why is that?
Less work.
Same pay.
Less work and same pay.
That's our motto of QAM.
I'm teaching them well.
Although I didn't take my own message this year.
I should have I shouldn't be here today.
I should still be sleeping.
You know something I can't get back on this thing again because they just won't stop
looking at dancing mo.
They're obsessed with dancing mo.
Give poor dancing mo arrest.
Absolutely.
307 votes on it.
Religions only got six.
So there you go.
That's one of your specialities as they say is that anti-religion crap.
And I ordered a book from Amazon.com.
I'm very proud to say my first time I've ordered anything from them.
They're great.
They are great.
They send you back a confirmation within about just a few seconds.
By the third man.
And then this morning I got a thing on there.
Little bird told us you placed your first order and they give you a bunch of other propaganda.
But they're right on top of it.
Amazon.com.
And rather than going into about a dozen book stories trying to find this book by the
investigative staff at the Boston Globe.
It's called Be Trail Crisis in the Catholic Church.
And I ordered it on there.
I'll have it a couple of days right in my box.
And it is very rare that you will find a better price for anything anywhere else.
Right.
They go out of their way to find you the best price.
So what's not to lie, right?
WQAM.
What happened to the pictures of the Beater Boy Sweepers?
They're gone.
They were replaced by the chicken.
They were replaced by dancing mode.
Don't be complaining.
Okay.
This is got to be.
That's for Beater Boy.
That's old stuff.
Okay.
That's from last week.
We're trying to put that behind us.
Okay.
We can look over the pictures page.
They're on the pictures page.
They're still there.
Well, no, they will be.
They will be on the pictures page.
So just put it back in your pants and relax.
And eventually you'll have more pictures of Beater Boy to get you all worked up on the
boy with the mugshot pictures as soon as we get those.
Great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See no matter what you do, how can we possibly have a complaint on the day when we have the
new dancing dwarf mode?
Oh, they'll find a way.
Oh my god.
That's such a phenomenal thing.
That could be the best thing we admit.
Even better than Mozo.
I don't care what anybody said.
That's not seriously.
This be the best.
It's hypnotic.
W-D-Q-A-M.
So Henry's number is April and May.
How big your pardon?
So Henry's number is April and May.
His rating is.
Is that a statement or a question?
What were his ratings for April and May?
Phil Henry's number is for April and May.
How about the George Washington Carver's numbers for 1872 and 1873 and a parkridge and
a pear tree?
That's the same guy.
I'm going to tell you something, sir.
We don't like to start a big song and dance with him, but we will send Gilbert to your
house and we're like a little nap second.
He won't leave.
How do you like that?
W-D-Q-A-M, line nine.
It's always bad news.
Hello?
God bless.
See, the toilet is bad news.
It's line nine.
You're going to have a great summer, George.
I'm just going to be fine.
I'm feeling it now.
Can you feel it?
Can you smell it?
I can taste it.
W-D-Q-A-M.
David, retire and take that later with you.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Sounds like me.
Hey, Neil, this is Victor.
Hi, Victor.
Listen to you, sure, quite often.
How I get a first time calling in.
Great.
I had a question for you.
Some family and others that I would discuss.
Would you happen to know why New York City is called the Big Apple?
I know you're a source of information and you might have the answer to that.
Because it's rotten to the core.
I really don't know, but somebody will know.
Somebody will call in and tell us.
Okay, great.
Well, thanks for your input on that.
Have a great day, Victor.
Thank you, buddy.
Okay.
It's rotten to the core.
I really don't know.
Have you ever thought about that?
Why it's called the Big Apple?
No, not really.
You got the Big Gohuna, the headhound,
the big cheese, the big enchilada, all of these other clichés.
Somebody will call in and tell us that.
Probably somebody who's from New York.
And let's hope that we get that over with early because we don't want to talk to too many New Yorkers.
Now, especially like Richie from Borset.
Well, Richie, you really are bad, man.
You are one of the...
Oh.
You know, I guess it's just a category of people.
The sports nerds, you know.
The overgrown people are walking around with their horror cone outfits on and their little Yankee cats.
Oh, you know.
It's fine when you're like a little kid.
Once you get to be a little bit older.
Factor, man.
At that point, you grow up.
You try to grow up and say, okay, that was fine.
Like, when I go to a ballgame, I'll put on some paraphernalia.
But the rest of the time, I'll try to be like a real person, like an adult, you know what I'm saying?
Oh.
Not a QIM.
11-13 at 5-60 WQM.
If your mattress is lumpy and saggy and bumpy, forget about it because it's hurting your back and hurting your health.
You don't feel good when you get out of bed in the morning.
And that's why you need a great mattress.
Where do you do it?
You call dial amacres.
Just like our good friend Moses has done and George has done and Miguel has done and I've been doing for years now.
And you people ought to be doing the same thing because it's the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do.
No crap, no house brands, no off-name brands that you never heard of.
No discontinued sets, only the top merchandise in the world.
Dial amacres sells the best brands you ever heard of.
Ceeley's shirt, a Simmons tempered pete, no sales gimmicks, no false promises.
And if you want to spend a few extra bucks, they've got high-end vets too.
Like Ceeley's crown jewel line and top models from every brand in the world all at unbeatable everyday low prices.
Call 1-800-MACRUS right now, MATTRES, and see what I'd be talking about.
And when you do call, be sure to ask about their comfort exchange policy.
If you're not completely satisfied with the mattress they deliver to you, they'll exchange it with no questions as plus.
They give you your free setup of your great new mattress, free removal of your previous crappy soiled bedding.
And you get to choose the date and time for the living that fits your schedule.
Nobody in the world does all of these things.
So if you want to get you a great night's sleep for years to come, guaranteed.
Call my good buddies at dial amacres to the best in the world.
Call tool free 1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MATTRES, and do yourself and your back a big favor.
Or check them out in the web if you like it.
mattress.com
My, and local, this is Sports Real High City.
Way to A.
Oh Canada, you think that you're in luck.
You stole our all-star game.
Cause your own sports really suck.
You got dog sled runs.
You should moose with guns.
What a way to entertain.
And you fish for ice.
You think hockey's nice.
Cause it's played without a brain.
Who a Canada?
Who knows ya?
Give me my all's all game.
My wrongs.
It's back now.
Cause baseball in Canada makes me a blue child.
How about some blue J tickets?
Anybody want them?
Love in 1905, 60 WDQM.
This is a disgusting story, but typical.
What we talking about religious nuts before.
Crazy religious people, all that Armageddon bullshit.
Wasting our taxpayer dollars.
Frisk, backspan on game marriages.
This is just amazing.
Yeah, the right wingers are terrified.
They're scared, Schmittless, after last week's Supreme Court ruling.
Striking down those anti-sotomy laws in Texas and elsewhere.
Set a majority leader Bill Frisk said yesterday he supported a proposed constitutional amendment
to ban homosexual marriage in the United States.
Get a Supreme Court ruling out of Panachean.
Of course, here in Canada and other, making him crap in their boots.
The Tennessee Republican said the Supreme Court decision last week on gay sex threatens to make the American home a place where criminality is condoned.
Now, how stupid you have to be to believe this.
How in the end or thought, how bigoted, how full of hate and sickness you have to be.
Not only to believe something like this, but to actually say it in public about this much.
I have this fear that the zone of privacy that we all want protected in our homes is gradually,
or I'm concerned about the potential for it gradually being encroached upon,
where criminal activity when the other home would in some way be condoned Frisk told ABCs this week.
And I'm thinking of whether it's prostitution or illegal commercial drug activity in the home
to have the courts come in in the zone of privacy and begin to define it gives me some concern.
See, what he's failing to say is they've already done it.
Previously, because the Sodomy Laws already did that, only they said that certain types of behavior were illegal.
See, that was okay. He didn't have a problem with that.
In addition to which, the Supreme Court ruling has got nothing to do with illegal activity.
Asked whether we supported an amendment that would ban any marriage in the US except the union of a man and woman Frisk said,
I absolutely do, of course I do. Yes, yes, yes, yay, yay.
I very much feel that marriage is a sacrament and that sacrament should extend and can extend.
Oh, by the way, you do understand that because the United States recognizes marriages in Canada,
that all the fags that are coming up here and getting married, that they have to be recognized in the US,
you do understand that.
No, you do not.
Now you do.
Anyway, Frisk, you know, if you take the r-out in his name, what you got?
I very much feel that marriage is a sacrament that sacrament should extend and can extend to that legal entity of a union between what is traditionally in our Western values has been defined as between a man and a woman so I would support the amendment.
Same-sex marriages are legal in Belgium and Netherlands, Canada's Liberal government announced two weeks ago it would enact similar legislation soon in the entire country.
Representative Marilyn Musgrave, Republican of Colorado, was the main sponsor they proposed to lawford May 21st to amend the Constitution.
A constitutional amendment and a proposal says marriage in the US shall consist only of union of a man and a woman.
Neither this Constitution nor the Constitution of any state under state or federal law shall be construed to require that marital status or the legal incidence thereof be conferred upon unmarried couples or groups.
To be added to the Constitution, the proposal must be approved by two thirds of the House and Senate and ratified by three-fourths of the states.
First said yesterday he respects the Supreme Court decision but feels that justice is overstep their bounds.
Generally I think matters such as Sodom he should be addressed by the state legislatures he said that's where those decisions with the local norms, the local morays are being able to have their input reflected and that's where it should be decided not the court.
This is a Nazi is what this is, okay? This is a card-carrying Nazi.
Bill Frist, the Senate majority leader, a good Republican, okay?
Should we decide it by the states? Just like the states should decide whether they want to discriminate whether the blacks, blacks, blacks, voters go to school, all of these things or be a rat be owned.
I mean this is just an- this is amazing, the local norms and the local morays. In other words, if you're given a blowjob, if you're giving oral sex to somebody in Florida, that's different than doing it in Washington, state of Washington or in California or certainly then in Pennsylvania.
Oh, much cheaper. Cost of third, man.
I mean, just stop and think of the idiocy of these religious nut cases which of course he's a prime one of those. He's one of the real good ones. Religious nut.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, the local norms and local morays. And again, that's that old states rights thing which used to be code for segregation and now it's code for discriminating against facts.
Because once you take the facts away from that, what are these people going to have next? Who can be the next scapegoat, George? How about Hispanics? You guys haven't- you haven't had your turn yet? Well, I'm safe from a Cuban word Republicans remember.
Oh, that's right. Well, Republicans, Hispanics aren't Republicans. Right. And the next group will be atheists and agnostics. Godless heathens. Here's the story from Bob and Bokka. Thank you. Bob, why is New York City called the Big Apple? You ask and we got it for you.
This is by far the most frequently asked questions submitted to our New York history hotline it says here. In popular folklore, the name is usually traced to early jazz musicians or long-go sports figures, often the explanation of the so-called origin of this phrase is accompanied with plausible sounding historical or biographical details giving it an unmistakable but also totally spurious ring of truth.
Because this question continues to have psych curiosity because the real facts are quite well known to serious historians. We provide the following authoritative account based on our unique archival sources. It says.
The story may disappoint some readers truth after all is often less colorful and fiction, but these are the facts and it goes on for pages and pages, but I'll just read a little bit.
In the early years of the 19th century, refugees from more torn Europe began arriving in New York and great numbers. Many were remnants of the crumbling print aristocracy forced to seek refuge aboard from abroad from the dread month senior months your guillotine. Did you know him? Oh, yeah.
He had a sharp tongue. Arriving here without funds or friends many of these were forced to survive as one contemporary put it by their own wits or worse. One of these arriving in late 1803 or 1804 was Madame Waselle Evelyn Claudine de Saint-Everaume.
The author of the noted career wit and literature and herself a favorite of Marie Antoinette Evelyn was by all accounts remarkably attracted beautiful vivacious well educated and was soon a society favorite.
For reasons never disclosed over a planned marriage the following year to John Hamilton, son of the late Alexander Hamilton was called off at the last minute soon after with support from several highly placed admirers.
She established a salon in fact appears to have been an eloquently furnished board, Delo in a substantial house that still stands at 142 bonds street.
Then one of New York City's most exclusive residential districts. Evelyn's establishment quickly won and for several decades maintained a formidable reputation is the most entertain in the street of the city's many temples of love.
A place not only for love making but also for elegant dinners high stakes gambling and witty conversation. The girls many of them fresh rivals from Paris or London were noted for their beauty and bearing.
More than a few of them apparently were actually able to secure wealthy husbands from among the establishments clientele when New Yorkers insisted on anglicizing her name to Eve Evelyn apparently found the biblical reverence highly amusing and for her part will refer to the tempresses and her employees my irresistible apples.
The young men about town soon got into the habit of referring to their amorous adventures and having a taste of Eve's apples.
This knowing phrase established the speaker is one of the in crowd and at the same time made a clear he had no need to visit one of the coarser establishments that crowded nearby Mercer street for instance.
The enigmatic reference in Philip Hohn's famous diary to Ida sweet is apple cider remember Ida sweet is apple cider.
Ida sweet is apple cider. Ida spend the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida spent the week inside Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida spent the week inside Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
Ida spent the week inside Ida.
1-866 fast train.
Fast trains defer payment is valid for a year regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody in other underpaid dead end job making peanuts
or just looking to increase your net worth call fast train today you got nothing to lose but a really crappy job.
Call 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train.com.
Ida, the local business is 560.
The radio's on your account.
You am.
Ida sucks.
Well my name is Gary Condon and I am living my worst beer.
Because I banged one of my interns and she went and disappeared.
Oh, Sean really worth some price.
So when I told him come try and lie and I was often shown drunk, often heard said,
We heard such a phrase, child drunk lookin and maybe I often got him sick on bad days to sober up about.
Ida can I be there.
I am honestly strict hands that could be left sick,ereye sick but I have a problem with alcohol consumption.
and the dancing dwarf moe has got number one with five bullets.
BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!
He's the best.
398 votes already on a poll. That is a shocker. You know what?
Especially considering there ain't nobody around.
Look at that phone. Is there anybody on it?
No. Is there anybody in town who doesn't have to do it?
No. No.
Like I said, George is going to be starting to show at 1134.
You know, it was a little under the weather today.
You need little practice. You need to break it in.
You're, you know, it's been a while now.
The last thing I want to hear on the near Roger show is,
oh, you know what else we should have put on her? George!
There you go. I thought you were going to do that, like, right now.
If it wasn't going to do that,
they would be just taking a retool to shot at you.
And why didn't we do it? Because I forgot.
Oh.
Well, they enjoy doing that.
Sure they do.
It's like a nice outlet for those people who hate you like poison
or at that many of them.
You were thinking, hey, Beanaboy, you think we should add that on there?
Last thing I want to hear is George.
I've done enough to George in the last week.
No, no, no, no, no.
Let's see, if you're going to like start wimping out,
set that all aside.
This is a radio show now.
Okay, the fact that you've made his,
the fact that you made his life a living hell
and that his pukin is guts out and sick as a dog today
and got 16 different colors mucus coming from every orifice in his body.
I mean, that is your fault, but that's not the question.
But yeah.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, let's put that on there, Eric.
The last thing I want to hear on the near Roger show is,
George, why not?
Why not?
Give him a whole week to get all whipped up to a frenzy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 80.
We don't have one person with any comment
about once a time in America.
And that's because they haven't seen once a pound of time in America,
especially the new one.
We had two calls on it, 28 days later,
and they said later, they said it sucks.
It blows.
One guy actually got up and walked out of his so bad
after just a few minutes.
He said he couldn't take no mole.
No more calls about that.
No calls on Catherine Hepburn, and you want to know why?
Because most of our audience don't even know who the hell that was.
Do you think that anybody under 40 has any idea who Catherine Hepburn was?
Even outside of that bit you played earlier?
What do you mean by that?
The Catherine Hepburn and Jimmy Stewart.
They don't know who Jimmy Stewart was.
Even if they're like,
about 30 men.
Or maybe not.
I don't know.
Do you think that 20-year-old people know who Jimmy Stewart was?
Well, because of that movie.
That Christmas thing.
They show it every five minutes.
Oh, geez.
Wonderful life.
But Kate Hepburn, she wasn't anything that younger people watch.
I'm golden pond.
Oh, like you said.
Get out of here.
I'm golden pond.
I was a little far away.
Henry Fonda was 110 in that movie.
You kid me?
Even Jane wouldn't go see it.
I'm golden pond.
The African Queen.
What about him?
Oh, you know it.
Yeah.
Johnny Mattress.
She was in the African Queen.
I forgot.
I know Humphrey Bogart was in the African Queen.
Right.
I don't know.
Those movies are so old and stale.
There's some of those old movies that are still great.
Like, canine mutiny.
That's great.
That will never age.
Right.
And again, nobody in this audience, I would say 95% this audience never saw it and doesn't
even know what the hell it is.
It's good in spider-pumpery.
It's the Greg Reed story.
Looking for the strawberries.
He wants to know who I ate the strawberries.
And he's rolling his balls in his hand, kind of like Moe.
Rolling his giblets.
It's a great movie.
But nobody has any idea what it is.
He doesn't mind.
Of course, you do.
I don't know why.
Because it was good.
Yeah, but why would you have encountered it?
Why would you have seen it?
Because once upon a time before cable, remember those days?
No.
Yes, I do.
I remember howdy-duty, mister.
I remember as a little kid when I used to go down the street every day because we didn't
have our TV set yet.
And there was a little girl down the street and her parents had the first TV set in the
hood.
And every afternoon, I think it was five or five thirty.
I would go down there just like clockwork and sit down with this little punky girl and
we would watch howdy-duty.
Right.
Well, on Saturday, on Channel 6, as a child, especially if it was really hot or raining
which was any given Saturday, you had no choice but like after Tarzan, around Noonish,
there was nothing but old movies on on Saturday afternoon on Channel 6.
So you were a captive audience because all the other channels had-
Did they have Saturday Indian boy?
No, you better believe it.
Every other week, practically.
Every other channel had some sort of support.
There was a support for Saturday Indian boy.
He turned out to be a drunk.
Maybe?
No, yeah, he blew it in the morning.
He made two movies, blew all his money on liquor and women.
Because he was an actual like from the Boondocks Indian boy that they found under an elephant
or something and gave him a job and he blew it all and drank and self-added or something
like that.
But every movie's on.
Every one of the stories of all these Hollywood people has got so many people in this
audience right now, jealous.
They wish they had all the fame and the money in the notoriety and all the women and
all the-whatever.
And in the meantime, almost every story ends in tragedy.
Whether it's Robert Blake, whether it's the three stooges.
Absolutely.
Up until yesterday, I never knew the name of the guy that operated the deli and had the
head of the club.
Back during prohibition, the deli and the club.
In once upon a time in America.
Oh, oh, oh.
And his name was Fat Mo.
Mo.
Absolutely.
I never knew that.
You know, they're red-haired, they're real Jewish looking, uh, cherubic goofy guy.
And I get the feeling there's a scene.
I guess they show this because it's kind of like Momento.
It's like all out of joint, the scenes are different.
And there's a scene where Robert De Niro comes back, noodles, you know.
And he comes back and he calls him from the phone booth across from the deli.
The old hangout.
And he tells him that he's there and he's coming in.
So he kicks out the last customers.
And then there's something that you really can't tell if it's a guy or it's, uh, like
a trend.
It's definitely not a woman.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
It's either a guy or something in between.
And Mo has, uh, Fat Mo has kicked everybody else out because he knows noodles is coming
back in.
But he's got this one character at the table and he takes some money and rolls it up in
its hand and wishes it a good night and sends it out the door.
Oh, I see.
You get the feeling because we never see Fat Mo with any woman in the story.
And of course everybody else in the group is just banging their brains out.
So you get to think that Mo might be a little, you know, one of those, one of us, me, one
of mine.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Jewish?
What?
A little Jewish like, right, like her friend Dave.
5667-0560 boy, it's going to be a brutal summer, George.
I don't want to get you nervous around like that here.
I might want to consider a very serious illness right now.
Might be something to think about.
I'm working on that.
20 till noon.
Well, just talk to Beena Boy.
He'll help you out.
It's day.
If I am a child at 566OWWQA.
After miserable attempts at comedy and being a nice guy, Schwarzenegger's back as the
re-gurgitator.
Please, maggot.
What you gonna do, man, in your big cute?
Exactly.
What's society enough, evil?
Who else are you gonna throw it to?
Oh, hell, he's getting away.
I can't help you.
Oh, yeah, try this.
I scream in the shower, come on.
I scream.
I scream.
Urging the forces of evil, Schwarzenegger is re-gurgitator.
He does it for me.
16 till noon at 566OWWQA.
Catherine Hepburn said she was 96 and I think she was overrated.
Yeah.
I'm just expressing that opinion.
That's supposed to say that when somebody thought I just thinks she was overrated.
She was okay.
She did a lot of stuff and she was, you know, she was okay.
She was coming from the right place.
Just like Spencer Tracy.
I think he was highly overrated.
He was always the same.
He was always the same.
He was always Spencer Tracy.
In fact, the Spencer Tracy and guess who's coming to dinner, every movie that I ever saw
him and including Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Dr. Jik and Mr. Dave Hyde, was the same.
How many times have I said that this year?
3rd man.
And I'll say it again.
Always the same.
I mean, a great actor, somebody like Marlon Brando, for example, was he the same and
a godfather as he was in, say, on a waterfront?
No, of course not.
He too many movies he was ever the same and was the one with Matthew Broderick and that
was because that was a spoof of the godfather.
What was the name of that?
The first person.
First person.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Boy, you see when you least expect it, boys.
George is out of the weather.
So he's a little bit behind, of course, being a boy.
He's had an incredibly stressful couple of weeks here, which that definitely is coming
to an end very soon, like at this moment.
That's what inspired me, boy.
I think an active genius came out of him when he got that dancing dwarf, Moe, on there.
I would, this lack of calls here, then.
I'm just tempted to sit here and stare at that and laugh the whole rest of the show.
Although you notice how well we've done this.
It's almost noon already.
Right.
How many calls have we had here, about three or four?
Well, maybe one or two real one.
It's only seemed like five hours since I said that.
No, it has not.
It's gone by tremendously fast.
437 votes on the pool.
So somebody's out there.
Somebody's out there.
Greg, ah, let me just say this.
I don't want to like start, start something like Butch Boss, but I think seriously, I think
that the way we've been jerked around here last couple of weeks with all the respect
to Farrell and anybody else.
This isn't some kind of a game.
This show, this show has been like the centerpiece on this radio station for five and a half
years.
We finally got our time back.
So we thank Farrell for that and whoever made that decision.
But we've been doing things how many years now?
We've done it all five years or did we do best of the first year?
I think the very first year I've had you do the summer, right?
I think it was best of this first year, but I forget.
It's been four years.
Okay.
So for four years, we've done.
And granted, George has got his detractors out there, including me, but the fact that
a matter is we've done pretty damn well in the summertime and it's a low budget operation.
He makes basically the same crappy money that he does the rest of the year.
And the life goes on.
There's nobody in town anyway.
But I think that to keep yank at our chain and duck comes in there, woman, it tells
me one thing and then he comes in here while I'm on the year in the middle of the show
and tells you another, we're not playing that game anymore.
Okay.
We're not doing that.
We're not?
No, we're not.
I'm not tolerating that crap.
In other words, it's a week before you start on that day.
And if they haven't got their act together, in addition to which, what's the reason for
that?
Well, what's the point in that?
You know, like, like you don't know.
It was all based on somebody else sticking their nose in where it doesn't belong and
like injecting themselves.
We don't need any injection.
Okay.
Well, the motorbike continue just fine.
And if you do a little bit of a cross over there every day, like we've been doing, that's
great.
That's all we need.
We can handle it.
It's kind of like when Moe came in the picture, which was a sad, sad, I apologize.
I hate to use that analogy, but there were things that were said, oh, what did he ever
have to talk about before I came along?
As if somehow, until Moe Howard David, it was inflicted on this radio station, all the
other 26 years I didn't market before then.
I must never have had any material right thing to talk about because that's all he talks
about is Moe Howard David.
Well, it's good to hear you admit it.
Yeah, you're right.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Thanks, Moe.
It's the same thing.
We'll get by.
You know, it's like the old toe in and one toe out.
You know, am I in the closet?
Am I out of the closet?
Am I in this?
Am I in that?
Now how are that?
We're going to proceed the way we always proceed on this show.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Well, it's still out of Dundee.
I just, I've just been worn out on that whole equivocating crap that was on under radio
station.
The only thing that I've ever seen in the Mac fast was this thing when it put for all
on 8 to 10 and got me back 10 to 2.
And I'm glad because they might have changed their mind.
That's the only time I've ever seen the Mac swiftly.
But generally, everything else is this long, drawn out, convoluted process.
And it depends on how Greg felt when he got out of bed this morning and how many B.M.
baked beans he had for dinner over the weekend and how many little green men they found
crawling around inside the spectrum parts.
And enough for that.
You know, we're just going to proceed.
Georgia beyond starting next week, Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
I'll be doing Tuesday and Thursday, July and most of August.
Just like we have last couple of years and life will go on.
Period.
That's it.
That's the fact.
That's a statement of fact.
It's not negotiable.
It's not going to change.
That's it, muff.
Like it or lump it, okay?
And don't come back to me again tomorrow.
I'm going to say, wow, they had another meeting and forget about it.
Let them have other meetings having to do with other shows on a radio station, not with
this one.
They're using us as like a play toy.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Yeah, and screw them.
I mean, I don't want to be given away Marlon tickets on this show.
Follow my drift.
I don't want to be doing that.
Okay.
If you want Marlon ticket line, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me turn on the radio.
Happy Monday.
Back to you.
Back it.
Okay.
Good one.
What do you want?
Huh?
I think you're putting it out of the bag.
The last thing I want to hear about on the Roger Show is we got 452 votes.
Sports 109.
Eating ass has moved up into second place.
George 88.
Hockey 78.
Mohawar David at 54.
Music 32.
Politics 29.
I see Mohawar David is like almost 12%.
Everything else is under 10%.
If it's under 10%, I'm assuming it ain't too bad.
Politics 29.
Movies only 25.
That's only 5.5%.
Religion 16.
QAM Interoff is politics 13.
And George has already got 8.
You only got 8.
You only got 8.
A few seconds.
30.
Everybody got 8 votes.
Wait till I get home.
It's going to beat up your wife just out of frustration.
I'm going to creep the poll.
Oh, for me.
Now you see the result on this move on dot org thing.
No, you were teased about that.
Oh, why?
It's almost noon.
I haven't even done this yet.
See I'm holding back the VISTA.
You know how.
Because with the tremendous quality of calls we have here today, I know what the hell I'm
doing here.
I know what's going on.
And let me say it again, Muftel, Greg, to bug out.
Okay, we don't have a problem here.
We're doing just fine.
Now that we got our 10 to 2 back and we got to leave it, that's all we want.
Don't be starting to like stick other testicles and tentacles into the program.
George will handle it just great.
Well, in his own way.
Right?
I'll this handle it.
It's fine.
Threat the ball.
Bounce it around a couple of times.
They'll like it.
They'll think it's a sports show.
So anyway, move on.org.
We had that Make Believe primary.
And I will say this.
They chose the same week that Howard Dean officially announced his candidacy earlier
in the week.
And also number two, two of the move on organizers of this outfit are big Howard Dean supporters.
So there is a slant.
But I thought the result was pretty interesting.
In a little over 48 hours, 317,647 members voted making the vote larger than both the New
Hampshire Democratic primary and Iowa caucuses combined.
So it does have some significance.
Okay.
Over 317,000 votes.
Former from October or Howard Dean 43.87% 139,000 votes.
44%.
Dennis Cassin is 24% with a bad herpes, but with a good mouth and a good mind.
John Kerry 15.73%.
You following these numbers?
Kerry was third.
Fourth was Edwards.
John Edwards from your friends in Carolina 3.19% not much.
I mean, what's small potatoes after Kerry?
After that, Dick Ebbhart 2.44% Mr. Personality.
Our own Bobby Graham only had 2.24% 71.13% and two of those votes were ours.
Carol mostly brawn 2.21% so he just barely beat her out and she even lost her election
to the re-lection of the Senate.
Some of the good news, Julie Lieberman had only 1.92% and Al Sharpton 0.53%.
You ready for that?
That's better than some sports station ratings.
Yeah, like you mean the big O.
Let me say to you and Julie Lieberman had only 6,095 votes 1.92% and yet in spite of
that, all these people, well, Carol Lieberman is one of the front-runners.
No, he's not.
No, he's not.
He's not the fact that he's as far to the right as this administration and he's not
the fact that he's an orthodox Jew that nobody in and I'm not case and a hawk other than
that nobody likes him anyway.
But poor Bobby Graham, see Bob Graham isn't known out of Florida, out of the South.
In fact, he may not even be known just even out of the state, much less the South.
Well, at the day of shining.
Yeah, it's a damn shame because we voted for him on an also he's a very bad speaker.
I mean, you know, I'm not taking anything away from him.
I just tell you the way it is.
General Wesley Clark didn't have any votes, but I did put over the weekend on our website
a story to passify that one luck job about how Clinton says that Clark would make a good
present.
Aren't you proud of me?
Quite.
Just to passify because if you could have seen how great he was on meat the press couple
weeks ago, you'd have been very impressed.
What's your five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I hope some of our people voted on that thing.
I move on to work.
Probably a bunch.
I'm not too many WQ I am.
Yeah, I want to go on with Neil.
I beg your pardon.
I wanted to get on with Neil.
You're on right now, sir.
How are you?
What's that?
I said, how are you doing?
Oh, I'm good.
I'm good.
I just wanted to see if I could add something to the list.
Yeah.
I was hoping I can't believe it hasn't mentioned yet, but it hasn't mentioned yet.
I want to hear on your show is callers.
My God, they're horrendous.
It's like a terrible, terrible insult to the intelligence of you and everyone you talk
to.
That is correct.
I just can't believe it hasn't mentioned yet.
That's about all I got.
We're going to add it just in your honor, sir, because you're absolutely correct.
Thank you very much.
Hey, no problem.
Have a good day, buddy.
You too.
See, now he was an exception because he started articulate and brightening.
He didn't call to have a conversation or be one of those wise guys.
He just called to make an observant point.
He's right.
Let's put that on there right away, Eric.
Cawers.
See, this is a list that could be added to.
There's no problem with that.
Nope.
We added on your name just to give him a chance to take a cheap shot with the enjoyed
tremendously, especially when you're on a butt end.
Good thing you're not a hockey player.
You get a lot of butt ends.
I'll guarantee you that.
I play roller hockey.
Good thing you don't hang out with clearance.
I guarantee you don't get a butt end every time you turn around.
He'd be on all fours.
I have protective gear just for that.
Clarence?
Yes.
So anyway, Beener, when you went out in the hallway before, what was Clarence listening
to?
He actually had the radio off because stuff was in there.
But as I walked out, he turned it on and it was your show.
Get out of here.
Clarence is listening to the show.
Just in case.
Monitoring.
Just in case we bring him out of the closet today.
Today's the day.
Well, listen, we just had the big gay pride weekend.
Clarence wants to make an official.
That, Clarence.
In fact, I was sworn I saw his twin on Youngstreet yesterday and they have big parade
with a big bow on his navel.
Big pink bow.
He's a lovely thing.
And actually, if you look at those pictures, remember a minute ago when I was talking
about dancing dwarf moe, the other pictures on there like like the moe raping me.
His, I mean, it's not really a very good cut out.
I must say, no, it's amusing.
It's great.
He's very energetic.
But if you, the one picture that most realistic besides dancing dwarf moe is the one
of clearance in the beast, right?
Am I right?
The heads actually look like they're on a body.
Now, that might have been the beast about a hundred pounds ago, right?
Yeah.
And if you, if you work out lovely and girlish, Clarence looks in that picture.
I'm telling you, he looks just like he's going to float away any second.
And you know what they say about those sports nerds, huh?
The guy, the jock sniffers?
No, but you know, love him 57 at 560 WQ.
And we got the fourth of July coming up this week, Friday.
Oh, it is Friday in it.
Yeah, this Friday, like I said, and my mother's birthday on Saturday.
She'll be 90.
That's pretty old.
You know, Barbara Cusgler carries the biggest range of Weber grills and accessories for
the fourth of July or any day in the long, long, long, long hot summer in South Florida,
starting with the Weber smoky, do a portable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks.
Perfect grill for any picnic you may be having.
Nobody can beat Barbara Cusgler's incredible, amazing selection of top quality grills.
At Barbara Cusgler, they carry a spectacular line of grills, including Weber, Viking,
Jenner, Burlmate, and they also carry a lot of grills exclusively made for them that
you won't find no place else like Turbo, Barbecue Chef, Cook on a Captain Cook, and all
of them at the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere.
Right now at Barbara Cusgler, take advantage of no payment, same as cash financing,
until January 2004 on approved credit.
This week, in the especially beat for Friday, take home the amazing three burner cook on
grill, a Barbara Cusgler exclusive.
This one comes with a host of great features normally only found on much more expensive
grills.
Like 42,000 powerful BTUs, porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills in a generous
625 squirms cooking area.
You will not find another grill like it for the price.
It's not only 349 bucks and only at Barbara Cusgler, perfect for that July 4th and any day
cook out.
Don't forget, this is spectacular store.
They're nice friendly people.
They'll give you all the advice information you're looking for and whatever you need in
a Barbara Cuing line.
I guarantee you they got it waiting for you.
Barbara Cusgler America's best Barbara Cusgler with stores and plantation.
On university driving, a prestigious fountain shopping center called 9.5.4.
423.1400.
423.1400.
And Carl Springs on a corner sample in Rock Island roads, column there at 9.5.4.
7.5.766.68.
If you've still been dragging your feet about getting all your Barbara Cusgler supplies,
4th of July has come up this weekend so we'll make an immediate pit stop at Barbara Cusgler.
I'm banging the butt, honey.
Okay.
Barry Manelow.
He's had a ton of hits, but none as painful as the one he took when he walked into a wall
and broke his nose.
Ow!
And now Barry's singing about it in his brand new CD can't smell without you, with
fractured versions of Barry's hits like Ko-Faqa-Vanna.
As well as a remastered and really nasally version of Mandy recorded at the moment of impact.
But that's not all.
Barry Manelow's can't smell without you is swollen with hits.
You nose and love like I break the schnauz.
I made it through the pain.
Looks like I broke it and a title track with Barry's trademark hook.
You know I can't smell without you.
I can't breathe without you.
I can't stiff and I can't thick.
It looks like my face.
Fucking head and that works.
They're salivating.
Operation Iranian Freedom.
Let's hear it.
I can see it now.
Can't you?
Oh yeah.
So I get it pictures of the eye of Tolla, the big schmata head there.
Everything crumbling around them.
Are you checking the number of votes we have on this website today, Bonerboy?
Kick it ass.
509.
No callers has been up there for a while and no votes for you.
So while I understand the plea from that last caller who was very, very accurate in his
comments.
The audience, we have a large segment of our audience, they like bubble heads, okay?
That's why we try to give everybody a little something.
The callers on the show are an embarrassment to the human race.
But you know, it's the way it goes.
I pay attention to the same, but then we take calls or not.
Whether I sit here reading those very articulate bed times stories for four hours or not.
And then I'll get as a bunch of cramp forward anyway.
Periodicals on an eye.
And you know what else we didn't have?
Chica.
Very good.
We never had any spy report on jikas performance Friday night.
When he filled in for a decay again, you think how many people do you think we're listening
after that game?
Five thirty man.
That by the way was the twenty five to seven game or whatever the final score was of that
one, Boston twenty five in a Marlon seven.
And they would have lost all three other than for a big comeback in the second game.
But they gave up forty five runs and three games against a real team.
I just mentioned that in passing.
For my good friend Scott Farrell, who is a Marlon intensive.
I'm sure that after a few months.
He'll cure himself of that.
Right.
It'll happen.
Five hundred nine votes.
The last thing I want to hear.
Oh, look at the way George is moving up there, beater.
He is moving up that list.
I'm proud of you.
You're zooming up there.
Just wait.
The last thing I want to see we should rephrase it.
The last thing I want to hear or hear about.
I'm near Roger.
Show is.
What's the thing?
Whatever.
Let's rephrase the question just a little bit there.
Eric, if you have time.
Thanks again to our close personal friend Eric for bailing us out over the weekend because
we had some issues.
Thank you, Eric.
Oh, my God.
That just didn't sound real sincere.
I want you to say that again.
We're a little bit more enthusiasm.
Eric, thank you very much.
Thank you very much for bailing his ass out over the weekend.
Since being your boy had some final issues there before straightening his life out and
getting him back on track.
Oh, yeah.
Back on the tracks.
Schmuck.
The last thing I want to hear about here or hear about on the near Roger show is sports
120.
If following that clearance, they're sports down.
They've had it when your goddamn sports up to their ears.
Oh, they've had it.
They can't stand it.
What do you think is going to be the ACC?
They're going to stand in big east.
What about those headphones?
What about Virginia Tech?
Who gives a flying fig, OK?
Give me one.
No, they don't.
They're going to think fig.
That's what you were thinking.
What's your name on passion?
See us as that.
Kate.
Kate.
Whatever.
She OK.
Kate Pasek.
I've ever seen a flying fig.
Yes, as a matter of fact, I think there was one in most.
That's what he was reaching there to grab.
They keep flying in there.
They keep zooming in there.
He keeps trying to yank him out.
The last thing I want to hear about on the near Roger show is sports 120.
We will never talk about sports on this show.
Eating ass is moved in the second place and may just pass sports momentarily, which I
guess that is kind of a sport, wouldn't you say?
It depends on how you look at it.
Yeah.
It depends on how you look at it.
Some people it's a career.
Depends on how you look at it.
Eating ass 100.
Hockey 89.
Now that is a sport and my favorite and even for all admits it's his favorite, but he
doesn't talk about it too much because he's already learned that you people don't care.
Plus it's the middle of the summer.
And of course, there's not going to be any season after this one.
So what's the point?
And they're not resigning any players with big bucks because they know there's not going
to be a season next year.
Moe Howard David at 57, 10.9%.
Absolutely.
Maybe we got to stop picking on Moe.
What do you think?
No.
Or maybe at least put his, we're not going to put your home address on a website mode.
Just relax.
We would never do anything that grotesque.
We might run it on some tea room walls though in the appropriate places.
In fact, well, music 33.
Now that's not too bad, you know what?
Because I thought that they hated my music.
I thought this audience generally speaking because I'm an old fart.
I admitted O 35.
I just went up as I said it.
I'm an old fart and I would like the music of the 50, 60s and 70s.
In the last of the 20, 30 years, there hadn't been too much.
It's crap, especially rap is garbage.
It is.
Oh, that's Kate Hepburn.
She had various health problems in later years, including hip replacement surgery and
tremors.
She had tremors?
I never noticed that.
Didn't you?
Yeah.
Music 35.
Pollocks 631, only 5.8%.
They want us to keep bashing bush and we're going to continue doing that.
No matter what the numbers on here show, we will continue being one of the few shows
in the history of mankind to tell like it is about these Nazis who stole your government.
Movies 30.
How many?
Five third man.
George 27.
You have moved from nowhere to 27.
In fact, you're only eight votes away from fifth place at the moment and zooming up the
list.
Religion 18.
Now that came from 0 to 18 awfully fast.
That must be some of them right wing Bible thumping assholes.
Maybe Dennis voted a few times.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot.
He doesn't want to hear about religion because that would include all those child molesting
priests, all those priest stories that you made up.
QA Mog that I just keep going and winning QA M office politics 15 that second to last
and now we got three for the callers.
Oh, I don't want to hear callers.
They can't stand it.
Our callers are great.
Here's one on line nine, which is always guaranteed WQA M.
He'd wait to respond on call.
There he is.
Yeah.
You know something?
I just realized that's the same guy.
Yeah.
No, no, no, you know, I'm talking about that's the same guy as the chronic spartz you've
got.
That's the same guy.
That is the chronic spartz you've got right.
But I didn't realize he was also the whispering guy.
That's him.
So you see, you've been it's always nice to know that because that, you know, it's.
Now you know, damn well, this has got to be.
Isn't this the same person here?
The one you just fact me that keeps changing names from Chris to Tony.
It's just love your show recently moved from day to day to keep cruel.
Otherwise, known as the home of the newly wedded nearly dead.
Now, this is somebody different.
I listen to you, Scott Mad Dog in the hammer by the internet.
Uh, the receptionist flawless and keep oral.
It's better than the radio when I lived in Miami.
I'm sure that because you don't have all those high tension wires and all that crap.
Yeah, if you're in Miami, you got to hear QM like through a strainer.
You have to strain to hear it.
My thoughts on how we're David at it.
Yuck, it says why you K.
Yuck.
I'd rather watch May and A sitting in the sun mold.
And I see this should be a comment.
I'd rather watch May and A sitting in the sun molding than eat it and eat it than listen
to him and his boy to a good guilty locks.
The man is a tumor with a voice.
So that's interesting.
Tumor with a voice.
Maybe he's a back home with the voice.
Keep bragging on a meals great fun regards M in Cape Coral.
Thank you very much.
M in Cape Coral.
Have a wonderful day and a great holiday.
The votes are pouring in on the polls.
Everything is just hunky dory.
See now if you're one of those people very emotional and high strung, you'd say,
Oh, gee, the phone.
I mean, there are a lot of people calling right now.
Screamless, but I'm not taking them till I'm good and ready.
Just remember what I told you.
The phone means absolutely nothing.
Yeah, but what about that?
Absolutely, positively WQ I am.
An example line.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, me.
I called you a couple of years ago.
Whatever happened to Steve's pizza.
What do you mean by that?
Remember, we had a conversation about that.
What does that mean?
Whatever happened to Steve's pizza?
Are they out of business?
I don't know.
Whatever happened to him.
We'll dig into that for his sonny.
OK, we'll check it out.
That's about that wasn't a good example.
No, that was actually one of our better calls today.
Top 10.
Top 10.
Absolutely.
Sure, he was pretty good.
What's wrong with you?
What was wrong with that guy?
He wants to know what happened to Steve's pizza.
It was a good place.
It was on Biscayne nearby, about 125th or whatever.
Remember it?
No.
It was next to the old pumper mix.
There was on the corner there, across from that scam
a diet place I had there for a few months, a landlord.
Thanks again, Paul Light, by the way, for sent me up
and at Vogue's business.
That was very embarrassing many, many years ago.
It was a long time ago, almost a-
3rd man.
Years ago.
I mean, when you go into a diet place
and you see a big fat guy, well, I don't want to get into that.
Isn't that a shame that we don't have PD Lenny
to kick around anymore?
He just makes my skin crawl that guy.
What do you mean?
Oh, and you know something?
What?
I better not say it.
I'll tell you off the ear.
OK.
No, about that spot that he does?
Yeah.
Remind me to tell you one of these, like tomorrow morning.
All right.
1213 at 560 WQM.
Hey, if you're in a really dead end job,
like maybe radio sales, maybe college is just too expensive.
You don't have four years to sit back and wait to try
to get you an education to get a real job.
But if you can afford 10 bucks a month
and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months,
fast train can help you achieve your new high paying computer
career.
That is absolutely correct.
Only 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for just four
months for individuals to qualify.
And you can say, bye, bye to you, that end job,
and at Craphole Bossier is and get you a real paycheck
and a real career and a real life.
Call 1-866 Fast Train with four locations all over town.
There's bound to be one nearby you.
Call them in 1-866 Fast Train.
You got it and speak with the train career counselor.
Fast Train offers day, evening, and weekend schedules,
job placement hands on training.
So pick up that instrument, stick your finger deep inside of it
and call Fast Train Tool-free 1-866 Fast Train.
Their deferred payment is valid for a year.
We're going to pay them and supply their after.
So whether you're a high school student on summer break,
somebody in a miserable underpaid debt and job
working for just miserable wages
or just looking to increase your net worth
and wanting to get a real life.
Call Fast Train today.
They'll give you all the info with no obligation.
1-866 Fast Train or check them out on the web fasttrain.com.
Line and local.
We're sports radio five 60s.
You ain't you, A.M.
Gay.
We are coming, the F.A.G.
We are F.A.G.
Yeah, we are F.A.G.
We are coming, the F.A.G.
What did I play shit?
Oh, I'll play with you, remember.
Oh, gay guys got your back.
Remember that?
Because that's where we're looking for lovers,
where you're cracksack.
To finish held by me, F.A.G.
I got less facial hair than a levy,
so it'll make fun.
Don't poke your nose at the queer,
cake boy, lifestyle, I joke.
Stop your gay jokes and start being violent
because you might get a taste of homosexual violence.
We don't play your book, my target,
like a dog in a territory.
You know, I ain't market,
but when you see us with our Ray Bans,
we're just buying the parts that we want to get our hands on.
We are F.A.G.
We're the F.A.G.
Sensor.
Ooh.
And don't you forget it.
We are F.A.G.
Really all that hardest wall.
We're just singing, baby.
Let me see you just prance with me.
Just prance with me.
Now slide.
Ooh, right there.
Let me see you do some waistband.
Oh, perfect.
And then Chris Limp.
That's it, baby.
Just prance.
Whoa.
Now look what you went and did.
Oh, I got a white dissolve.
Oh, we change to this everywhere.
Showtons, take a fairy.
Just think nobody has a white talent.
Okay, love us.
Cut this crap out.
You're no.
You're any caroling.
That's right.
We're here.
We're checking out your rear.
So beware, Bill Fist.
A first.
1218 at 560 WQYM.
Yeah, they're going to have to find a new scapegoat.
This is going to require a lot of changing the stationery
and rewriting letterhead and all kinds of stuff, you know?
Too bad.
563 votes on his pool.
And George is moving miraculously up the list.
He's past movies.
He's past politics.
He's past music.
And now he's in the fifth place with 36 votes.
You've got a long way to go to catch Moe.
No problem.
Confidence is high that George can catch Moe.
The last thing I want to hear or hear about on the near Roger show
could be movie talking.
Oh, right.
They like that today.
They're in a different mood today.
On the back, it says the review David Meyer in New York Times,
which this is 84.
This is 19 years ago.
Maybe the definitive gangster picture, really equal.
See, I don't look upon this as a gangster picture.
Right.
Godfather, goodfellas.
Huh?
Right.
A lot of those were in Nebraska.
Right.
Those were gangster pictures.
This to me is more like autobiographical.
This is the story of these people.
Now the fact that they happen to be gangsters,
that's how they made their living.
Right.
That, of course, is the, you know, that's the core of the movie.
But to me, that's not how I look upon this movie.
I just, I never thought that this is a gangster movie per se.
Right.
It's a story about a bunch of friends who bonded together with kids
and then went through life, you know, and kind of wanted a part
for whatever reasons.
And then like eventually came to an end.
Not necessarily a good one.
Now that's the way I look at it.
Anybody disagree?
Nope.
Too bad.
Did B.N. Boycey this movie?
Once upon a time in America?
Yes.
Yeah.
Well, what do you say it like that for?
No, because I have more like of an, of course.
But you also saw kids in that other bully.
What?
Wully, bully.
Don't see bully, by the way, all your people out there.
I know what happened in Weston.
I know it wasn't Weston back then.
It was called West Hollywood or whatever.
It sucks.
It's a bad movie.
Bad acting.
It's gratuitous, stupid violence.
And don't see it.
It's a piece of crap.
Don't see bully.
Come into Q.A.M.
Yeah.
Hi.
I just really wanted to change my vote.
I was a fool and I voted for sports.
And I definitely want to vote for callers now.
I don't know what the options are.
And I hate change.
It's a killer and I just can't stand it.
It's about to drive me nuts.
I'm sure you guys too.
But last thought, love George.
I think he's great.
I'm excited to see him this, or hear him this summer.
Wow.
And thanks a lot.
God bless you, man.
Thanks a lot.
Best part.
We've ever had on this show.
Thank you so much.
That was the best suck job.
Wow.
Squirt Squirt.
That's howl.
That was great.
He did both of us at the same time in just a few seconds.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
No, that was good.
That was good.
But because most of the people they just want to use this is an opportunity as a as a as a release for their
Ventum is that illiterate asshole would say that's for sale their Ventum V E and T. I.M.
The smock.
But this guy is right.
The caller is generally speaking.
Oh, you got to bring in C span to cover your callers.
You got to bring I mean, I'm nice.
I'm kind of a moron.
I may be stupid, but I'm not that stupid that on national TV.
I'm going to embarrass myself bringing some high fluten hot shot from the national media.
And so they can listen to.
But it comes.
But it comes.
And then can you imagine if you actually announced that C span was in their taping.
Oh, yeah.
Then we really get some beauties.
Then we have the guy with the eyes.
We have that one that misfit.
We'd have them all.
Right.
Just venting over to show their ass to the world on C span.
Black dome.
See an end.
Where would a hell they could.
Where would a hell they could hang it out.
But that's okay.
Because the Czechs were real nicely by the way.
Thanks again, Clarence.
It showed up on the 25th.
Whatever it was.
Clarence is the best.
Now a little suggestion for being a boy since you've been going through these very traumatic times.
It would be a real good idea to get to make like a note right on your wrist like in Memento.
Right on your wrist.
Get in that time sheet.
Maybe even put the dates in there.
They're like the dead like a wall.
It's on the wall.
It's been posted up right behind me.
Well, well, put a thing on your wrist to check the wall for time sheet for time sheet reminder.
Yeah.
Take a look at the wall.
And we're not talking about pink Floyd either.
Okay.
Pink Floyd.
Who the hell is that?
567.0560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
We got dancing dwarf Mo on our website today.
It's a thing that will just keep you the best right.
And listen, I wanted to do this thing right now.
If you get like hypnotized, you're in transpired at.
We will take no responsibility for it.
Right.
Don't look at it while you're driving.
What was the show?
Was it the prisoner?
Were they had a thing like that?
No, maybe it wasn't.
I don't know.
You know what I'm talking about.
Right.
The big swirly, the big pepper.
Right. Was that on the prisoner?
It might have been.
I think so.
Ask number six.
Who's number two when you go take a number one and two?
I always get my numbers confused.
But when I get to number three, then I really start straining real bad.
Not only can I remember what it is, but I'm not sure I can do it.
1126.12.
Oh, don't do that.
I'm not sure.
No, you see this.
It's 1230 already.
Mandate it to hand it for Barra ball game again at crab braves in the Marlins.
It really is amazing to me that Moe is going to the ball game tonight because his Atlanta
braves are going to that would be like my going to a Panther game because the Leafs were
in town planned.
See what I'm saying?
Nice going, Moe.
Right.
Absolutely.
Sure.
I support him on that.
He admits he likes the braves.
He's a front running phony.
And so he's going to area.
He's going to be a team.
And like I said, there would be his poor taste.
It's my going to a Panther game and rooting for the my Toronto Maple Leafs to beat the
crap out of the Panthers.
Very, very poor style.
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
I don't have to tell you.
It's the end of June.
And don't forget is you're watching one of those that's got like the you've got to move
it ahead for the 31st.
Yeah.
You know what I'm talking about?
The time change thing.
Yeah.
Mine is, but Carlos is not.
Carlos, what do you mean by that?
It's satellite self-adjusting.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Whoa.
Carlos has a satellite self-adjusting watch that I bought for him so that he would never
be late for anything, but that was months ago.
It must be working really well.
But you got to look at it first.
Yeah, I see.
I don't want to look at it.
I hear it's kind of like angle like a J. Hurricane season is here.
Before Storm hits you, put up shutters to prevent.
See, there should be a commoner.
You know what I'm saying?
Who wrote this copy?
It's an awful, awful glaring error.
Before Storm hits comma, can I start this over again, please?
No.
I feel so bad.
No, because these people are paying a lot of money and the people are right to copy
an ed building.
I don't want to mention like Adam or anybody.
They don't even look at this stuff.
They just hand you a sheet of paper with a bunch of words on it.
You want to give the emphasis in the right spot, don't you?
Sure, why not?
Got it all, mighty.
Our sales department blows.
Let me say it again.
We all know that Hurricane season is here.
It is the 31st of June.
That's what it says in my watch right now.
Before Storm hits, you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home.
But what about the roof of your house, baby?
The Somae paint factory makes roof mastic, a roof coating that can help you hurricane
proof your roof.
Somae's roof mastic saved hundreds and hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew while
unprotected roofs were peeling off and flying away right on down the old Hershey highway.
Somae's also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever invented.
So called the Somae paint factory at 305-63363333.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacturer in
the entire state of Florida.
Somae will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups.
They sell to everybody wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the
same national brands and retail stores.
So protect your home, your property from South Florida's brutal, tropical climate with
the best paints and waterproof coatings ever invented at the best prices too.
Call the Somae SOMA, Somae paint factory 305-63363333 or check them out on the web at Somae.com.
You save yourself a Schmidt load of money when you buy directly from the Somae paint factory.
Be sure and come on the alternative call 305-63363333.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint factory in the entire state of Florida.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
Simply low carb or simply delicious.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
Bill is such a horn dog.
He probably would have never noticed I had man legs anyway.
And Chelsea?
Well, if you buy my book, you can read all about the affair I had with Santa Bernhard and our love child.
Now, I wasn't born a Democrat.
I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tiponio.
So buy my book.
Now, because I can never have enough.
If you order a copy today, I will personally autobat the all-newd scratches that fold out.
We should.
1245-560-W.
Don't buy the book by the way.
Save the 28 bucks.
It sucks.
She doesn't say a damn thing.
And if you live long enough, you'll hear the entire book read right here on his show.
Maybe we have to accelerate the apace of my reading it.
No.
No way, Jose.
Is that a threat?
Here's a fact from Jack who says I've never heard any mention of Jennifer Connellese performance in the movie The Hot Spot.
Anyone seen it's supposed to be worth of it says.
And the answer is, he missed my comment about it.
And you said, bad movie.
Good nudity.
Good nudity, bad movie, including hers.
Hers what?
Her nudity or her form?
Her nudity.
Right.
Oh, I don't remember the performance, but I do remember she showed her boobs and so did Virginia Madsen.
Okay.
So in other words, it depends on how horny and desperate you are.
If you want to see Jennifer Connellese boobs or whatever, that's great.
And there's one of the short of movie.
Huh?
Don Johnson is in that movie.
Don Johnson?
Yeah.
Well, he was good in one movie in the boy's dog.
And that was in the bad.
Then we got that mommy vice stuff.
And that was the end of Don Johnson.
Then he became a real asshole.
What a real attitude.
And before you go to the one short thing for me, what that just say, freeze major, my
any vice, you're under arrest, absolutely.
I'm not going to do that.
Oh, you.
Oh, fine.
I don't care.
You won't you?
Yes.
Don Johnson, you're going to haircut.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello.
Hello.
Only here.
Hello.
Okay.
Pardon me?
I think that was gone.
Do you notice that?
Did you notice that?
Yeah.
I thought it like Johnson.
No.
He didn't.
Isn't that incredible?
Absolutely.
He said no change.
It sounds just like Don Johnson.
What do you think, sir?
I like that.
He'll leave me.
Okay.
Thank you.
If you look up the expression dreaming, living in a dream world in the dictionary, you'll see
Stan Major's picture next to it.
643 votes, being a boy, that's pretty impressive because being a boy keeps track of these
things.
He keeps his thumb on it all day long.
Oh, really checking this thing especially now.
The last thing I want to hear or hear about on the new Roger Show is sports, 141 pulling away,
pulling away in a stretch, eating ass, 117, hockey, 103.
I guess those three are like in a class by themselves, right?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you're wrong, dude.
You've got a lot of Panther fans, a lot of hockey fans are really knowledgeable.
Remember, a gunp-orously?
Oh, my goodness.
More Howard David than 70, 10.8%.
George 47.
I don't think you're going to catch the moment.
Wait till I get home.
No, don't get dick with it.
Music 41, you're pulling away from music which is good.
In fact, if we get enough encouragement, I'm going to play some music.
Correct the lead.
That sounds good, huh?
Wait a minute.
Oh, please.
Let me just reach right over here.
I don't have like all bad taste of music.
For example, huh?
I think what it is they get up to when I play a lot of the old stuff.
No, it's the boy band stuff.
It's the gay stuff.
I don't ever play that stuff on the air.
I did, therefore, that was a long time ago.
I played it when it was popular.
When we had that real, that stuff, the TRL going.
And that was a fun time.
Like I said, a couple of weeks ago, there was some fun.
I mean, maybe it wasn't great music, but people were into music at that time.
We were into that show and we were into all that stuff.
And a lot of flesh, yeah.
And now what are they into crap again?
Like even you just said the on Friday, the reason that the CD sales are down is because most of the music sucks.
Who wants to pay for a swill?
When you can steal us for free.
How is there anybody that's like this song?
I'll go out.
I'll go out.
You'd find somebody because this is a very sour group down there.
You know, if I'm not a Shakira, she couldn't sing her out of a paper.
She blows.
Yeah, you only wish she blows, okay?
I think she does.
Well, she's Colombian.
Well, I tell you one thing.
That picture on the cover I never even noticed on.
She's, well, I mean, I know she looks pretty good, but this picture is a spectacular picture.
She looks really amazing in that picture.
And then we could play a little bit of Vanna.
Okay.
It smells like teenage smegma.
Got their new album?
No, I don't.
I have their old one.
It's more than enough for me.
Oh, let's not get into a discussion of that again.
What's the point?
And then we could finish up our one hit wonder stuff from last year.
We never finished that up.
We're waiting all the stuff in the drawer.
I got those lists that we went through.
We'll be blew off almost a whole audience.
Huh?
And I got a bunch of these CDs that I went and I've wasted all that money on, but I'll never play again if I live in B500.
I gotta get a change in my pocket.
Go and sing a little thing.
Don't you want to tell a whole thing?
I give you a way.
At least tell a child.
I get to save a whole thing.
I'll let go of these things.
So I think basically that's the choice for the audience.
Either Neil's music, the rest of the week, or the audio from Batman.
I had to get rid of the robin so that we could use the phone.
32 pussy foot road.
What?
Far from Wayne Manor.
He said, don't pussy foot around, Robin.
Something like that.
See, I thought at least this would be one show that would be safe to have the audience.
Oh, you can't tell no more, you know?
There, every day where you look, because all this photographic crap going on.
Thank God we got that FCC up there to really crack down.
That's it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I've got a Bill Clinton article.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
Bill Clinton wrote this article.
I was printed in the New York Daily News on Saturday.
And it's the headline is Out of Control by Bubba.
It's your money says President Bush when he promotes tax cuts.
I disagree with this tax policy, but admire his spin.
The same argument applies with greater force,
where the big media conglomerate should be allowed to control more television and radio stations.
It's your airwaves.
The American people own the bandwidth that broadcast media companies used to deliver programs to our TV and radio sets.
Because the space on that bandwidth is limited, the FCC regulates who has access to our eyes and ears.
For more than 60 years, the FCC allowed companies to own a number of local TV stations,
provided that no single company owned enough to reach more than 35% of the population of the US.
But on June 2nd, by a three to two vote, the FCC raised the limit to 45%,
giving big media firms the chance to gobble up many more local TV stations.
In fact, a single time corporation will be able to control up to three of the TV stations in America's nine largest cities.
The FCC also opened the door to local TV newspaper mergers in many places,
so you'll be getting your news and information from the same company,
regardless of whether you're tuning on the TV or opening up your newspaper.
Why is this bad?
Because more monolithic control over local media will reduce the diversity of information that opinion and entertainment people get.
Interesting local coverage will be supplanted by the lowest common denominator in your mass market, mush.
But don't cable TV in the Internet give people more sources of information?
In theory, yes, in practice, not necessarily.
Big media firms own most of the cable networks and supply much of the content for major internet sites.
Is this another Democrat versus Republican battle?
Is my concern motivated by the growing influence of right-wing voices in the broadcast media?
While it's true the FCC votes for the long party lines and Republicans for looser standards, Democrats against,
and while I have noticed the conservative slant and morbid organizations these days,
the debate over media ownership isn't a partisan one.
Organizations from the National Organization for Women's of the National Rifle Association have spoken out against what the FCC decided to do more than 750,000 Americans of all political persuasions registered their opinion of the new rules with the FCC,
and nearly 100% of them were opposed.
The lack of diversity independence in the broadcast media may be why it didn't hear much about this big issue on TV or radio in recent months.
But the opposition is truly a grassroots movement and won't go away even if it's not on the evening news,
and the voice of the people is beginning to be heard at least on Capitol Hill.
The Senate Commerce Committee acted quickly after the FCC vote to approve legislation on a bipartisan basis that would reinstate more sensible media ownership rules.
All the Republicans as well as Democrats opposed the FCC decision, it's unclear whether the Commerce Committee legislation can pass the full Senate or in the House.
The FCC ruling also faces challenges in the courts, but there's no guarantee the Commission's error will be corrected any time soon.
Therefore, Congress is our best hope.
Whatever your political philosophy of your favorite competition and diversity in the media, you should call, write, or email your senators and representatives.
The stakes are high, and issues as FCC Commissioner Michael Cops is whether a few corporations will be seated in hand skate keeper control over the civil dialogue of our country, more content control over our music entertainment information, veto power over the majority of what our families watch here and read.
People joke about my liking McDonald's and I do, but actually I prefer to go down to Lang's Dilly, a great family establishment near my house.
In the brave new world being defined by the FCC, there will be more mic media on our airwaves and far fewer broadcast equivalents of our favorite local diners.
Unlike restaurants, the airwaves belong to us. We shouldn't give up our right to have more choice.
Nice going, Baba.
Oh, do we miss him badly or what?
Yeah. God.
Although I would like to point out that it was under his watch in 96 or 7, whatever the hell he or was, that they started with his crap.
Would his do happily and triumphant under his watch when he was president, but nevertheless better late than never. Nice going, Baba.
Do we miss him bad or why?
See, I'd be interested in reading a book that he wrote, not to worry, who quite frankly, if I never saw that, but you're going to be too soon.
Oh, you shouldn't say that, Neil. Why?
That's the way I feel about her.
She's to say small potatoes would be an insult to those little potatoes that we can never think of the names of those little whatever those are.
Right. Those little ones.
Whatever those things are, like potato.
It's an insult to the small potatoes to call him every small potato. She's less than that.
She's insignificant in the course of human events. Well, she said it from near a big stick and all of a sudden now she talks a big game.
Didn't she vote to give the president a power to go in there to work with this illegal war? Now that she's foaming at the mouth about.
Yeah, she sure as hell did she jumped on the bandwagon. She's an opportunist, a carpet bagging opportunist, uh, ice princess bitch.
I think that's something I'm pretty nicely if you ask me and her book sucks, but other than that, she's a dynamo.
The last thing I want to hear or hear about on the near Roger show is we've got a staggering response.
665 volts and we still got an hour to go. Aren't you impressed? Yeah, sure.
Bonehead boy. Very.
Oh, I said impressed not idiotic sports 148 eating ass 119. But you were really putting on a big run there for while now all of a sudden the sports has pulled away.
Hockey, although there might be some slap over hockey 104, Mohawar, David, it's 72 George moving up nicely 48 steadily climbing climbing, use it 41.
See how played that secure thing so they wouldn't get carried away politics 40 movies only 36 religion 28 QA and politics 19.
They want to hear a lot more about that like about how Greg is making stuff up callers 10 out of 665 votes a spectacular response that we thank you profusely.
See if we could just hear them speak on the internet. You want to sit on our website the response on our website fabulous the phone sucks.
It's just it's just the lay of the land. Yeah, can we have some Marlon tickets there? No, no, go away.
1257 at 560 WQM. I'll tell you working have some great deals though. Halibut,
AX GMC. It's the near Rogers for the July blowout sale going on right now for my good personal buddies Tom Liemann Joe,
creator of Halibut, AX GMC. And here they are. NEODEO number one. Get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 party,
and you're going to get your personal get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends in Halibut right now. NEODEO number three,
at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 as little as 289 bucks a month. It's a 36 month lease. Talk to our buddies at Halibut for details.
And NEODEO number four, get yourself an additional $500 off some of the most popular GMC models including the envoy,
Yukon and Denali this week now through Friday the 4th of July through the weekend plus a GMC toolkit while supplies last.
And also if those aren't good enough right now at Halibut you can test drive a vehicle for 24 hours, take it home, take it to work.
It's his only beanable excluded from the software. Halibut, AX GMC 13401, Softix, the highway that's on US one right across from the falls open every day,
seven days a week. If you want more info on his spectacular 4th of July deals call the NEODEO hotline tool three,
1-885-3442-11. 1-885-3442-11, don't forget all NEODEO's. Subjected credit approval, talk to our friends at Halibut details.
Halibut, AX GMC everybody in the universe agrees they are professional grades.
Find a local this is five cities, the radio's on your side.
You win.
It's the one to two hours.
Sure you're a fat homophobic racist. But hey, don't despair.
Now there's an extremist way to lose weight, introducing Papu can and boost step into the oldies.
Let's ride, ride, ride, ride, ride, come on, let those legs.
Sleep, Vincent your kid. We're going to burn open for the presidential race. Let's begin.
presidential race. Hell brother, I'm building a super race. Come on Limbaugh straight in that hood.
Yes sir. Get those knees in the breeze.
Yes, now you can start the insanity with Papu can and boost step into oldies.
Ask for it by secret hamshank.
It's a minute after one at five, five sixty WQ. I'm happy Monday two. The man dogs coming up at two, Hank in the studio 4 to 630.
And then we got the Marlin and Brave crap. Any K follows the baseball game Joe and Mark a non sports show.
Let's hear it.
Oh right.
Peter five and a.m. Before Mo Mo one jail.
Absolutely.
Five six seven oh five sixty good article in time magazine. It's on our website.
I'm not going to read it because it's way too long and I don't want to do a lot of reading.
Do we want to do a lot of bedtime story? No, that's no fun.
No fun at all. It might be too informative.
But anyway time magazines Sunday June 29th as in yesterday who lost the WMD is the weapons out and testifies.
So does the finger pointing a preview of the coming battle by Massimo Calibrecy and Tim Timothy J burger.
Obviously come from different hoods.
Five day we get a call yet about once upon a time in America.
Oh, nothing about what? Oh like somebody that's seen the new one.
No, not the new one that even the old one.
If we forget about the new one, the ending is the same. Why shouldn't I say that?
The ending is the same.
It still ends with that look on his post.
He's singing past the pipe or something like that.
Water pipe.
That's it WQ I am.
He was headed down to her to you.
Hey there, the best. Don't be knocking our callers. Okay. WQ I am.
Hey, Nail. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Pretty good.
Hey, I saw that I once upon a time in America. And this is entertaining.
That one little kid. The one gets killed.
It looked like Ralph Macho.
Yeah, he did, but it wasn't him. But it did.
I thought that too. Yeah. I couldn't. I couldn't.
It couldn't have been because the movie was 84, which is 16.
I know. Right. Right. But boy, that kid was a ringer for him.
You're right. Yeah. I thought that too.
Hey, I thought I'd recommend for a dream this weekend. Yeah.
Oh, man. That's the one time heavy, heavy duty. Yeah.
You only see that movie once. That's enough.
Make sure you want to put those purple ones right back on the shelf.
Man, she was called Alan Burst and this incredible. And that was.
It was actually was great acting all around.
Even the Marlins kid was doing the way in. He did a good job.
He did a great job.
I'm right. I'm right. I'm right.
Thank you, pal. I have a great life.
Here's a guy. So once upon a time in America,
5 6 7 0 5 60, 5 5 60 on the 80.
But we don't want to get into a big long conversation about the significance of what it
mattered about the opium dream and all this.
We don't want to get into that. Do we? No. No, because that's long and
progress. Most people haven't seen it. Anyway, it's too freaking long.
People don't have the patience to sit down and watch a long, long drawn out movie.
You know, took me three tries. I mean, maybe the Debbie does Dallas
ology. They might sit still for that.
WQ I am.
Hey, Neil. What's going on, man?
How are you doing, sir?
Have you, did you check out that article in Seed Link?
It was the same article about two pages after the for all article about the DEA
closing down the Bung Shop.
No. I remember we saw on the other side of the page. There was an advertisement for a
Bung Shop. It was very cool. How American the DEA shutting down the Bung Shop?
It sounds real American to me.
All right. Take it easy, Neil. Thanks for the good news. Okay. There you go.
Shunning down the Bung Shop because God only knows what kind of crap those people be smoking.
That's the American fucking way. You got it.
The DEA has taken everybody away. I'm sick and terribly.
I'm all repression, all the bull crap, all the right wingers and the public sits back and goes.
Just like that. That's what they don't care. They're too busy.
5, 6, 7, 05. I mean, with the fact that we couldn't even get Jeff Bush out in Florida.
Was that tell you? I mean, I mean, God.
The guy practically stands up there and says, hey, I got devious plans.
I'm a liar. I don't care what you voted on that class.
I lied through my teeth. I'm going to do whatever the hell I want.
We stole the election and screw you. Hey, let's vote them back in again.
There is absolutely no hope for the state of Florida.
That's why you don't have no casino gambling. That's why you have a governor who's a Bozo
and his brother is a even bigger Bozo, a president day.
And of course, this one, they're grooming to be his successor and his son George as in the pee.
He's going to be the one after that. Isn't it amazing how he had the Kennedys doing the same thing?
Yeah. Two terms for John, two terms for Bobby and two terms for Teddy.
They had it all drawn up there on their roadmap.
Roadmap to a dictatorship, but they weren't nearly as evil.
No, they were better crooks though. Right. Don't you think?
Oh, they were crooks. The old man, I mean, you know, we talk about the George Prescott.
What was his name? The old one, Herbert Walker, Prescott, whatever.
Prescott Bush. That was his name, the Nazi.
Well, it runs in a family or snickering, but I guess I should have been more specific when I said the Nazi.
It's the original Nazi. The grandpa.
And then of course, you had Joe Kennedy, the bootlegger, the rum runner,
who never made a legal penny in his life.
The bottom line of the story is boys and girls that the people who are honest very rarely get ahead in this country.
They just made market some head, but they very rarely get ahead.
You have to be a crook. You have to lie. You have to cheat. You have to be full of crap.
You have to pull all the right strings, smear the right hands, and then you get into a real strong place like George.
Nobody can Q.A.M.?
What the f**k are mass destruction? Oh, I...
See, and you're knocking our calls? What's wrong with you? WQ.A.M.?
Jamba?
WQ.A.M.?
There he was.
Now, there we go. There's Gilbert Solomon right there, who just can't restrain himself,
who's bugging our buddy for real in the tea room, which by the way, quit bugging people in the tea room, you asshole.
And is back under again, which we have to keep dumping him, because he keeps saying the f-word on the year.
Gilbert Solomon, which if our management had any balls at all, he'd be in the place where Beatr Boer was last weekend.
He'd be cool in this freaking goofy heels.
Gilbert Solomon won't stop. This man needs to be in a rubber room somewhere without a phone.
And we don't have any support from our people there in management.
All we get is a bunch of assholes sitting around having meetings deciding who they're going to stick in here to fill in
in the starting next week Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I already made my case on that.
We're having no more conversation about that. The book is closed.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. WQ.A.M.
Hi, can I talk to Neil?
Speaking. Hi, Neil. I'd like to... is this place to put somebody on the pole?
No, it's not.
Oh, very good. How about...
What, what, what, what, what, what?
What? What, what, what, what?
You have to be joking me. You want to put Farrell on there?
He's like a flon, like you said earlier, just a little bidal, do you?
OK. Too much, too much for him.
OK, well put him on there. Thanks, Pellet. Let's get Farrell on there, what do you say?
We don't want him to get a big swollen head.
We don't want him getting out of control.
You know, I mean there have to be some people out there that can't stand in the fight and repulsed up noxious and
Dominating and overbearing right?
I guess well, what do you mean you guess don't be wishy washy?
I mean you want to get all the negative votes or what you're just looking for attention
That's all you don't care what they like your hate you just want attention god damn it. Let's get for real on there right away
You're gonna party he's on there. He's on there right now. That's gonna be on a goal. He's on his way
You notice how our our website committee now is really stepped up there and looking at we got an even 700 votes
It's only nine past one. Oh my god a
Shocking response considering it's tomorrow the first of July and
Even the even the god damn skaters have moved out of town. It's so bad. It's so humid and nasty and raining cats and dogs every time you turn around and
Boof otoads
Pretty nice here mostly sunny in 75 today
In hog town
5 6 7 0 5 and what we know why they call the big apple in New York or the other way around we had that story about the brothel
How come they called throughout a hog town?
Did you know that I had no idea. Yeah, it's disgusting hog town
We the mantra all we know is frog town. We know why but this is a hog town. Let's see who I am
You want to talk about what is a man's destruction? Yeah?
Um, if they put up
Friedman
Not for you move to the other day trying. Yeah, we'll find them. You know, if you have to kind of okay
He's gonna plan them just like you planted that glove, right?
That's what he's trying to say. Yeah. Oh, Jay. We know you didn't do it. Oh Jay. We love you don't we have Q.A.M
No, we hate you like poison mr. Move out go away
Get out of Kindle get on a Hershey highway drab to Savannah, Georgia and let's see if they can find your ass up there
You know he's spending the entire summer looking for the real killers. Oh Jay. Do you know that? No, I didn't know that
Yeah, they're on a golf course in his house
I'd like more like more for example. He kills me WQ I am
What is it?
Is this the mumbler?
Yeah
WQ I am
Hey
First time car dedicated lesson I love you
I saw you
The movie you're talking about today. I saw 28 days last night
It's really slow developing the people who who liked right
Skins night of the living dead they would really love this this movie
I like it because it spoke a lot about humanity. I wrote in
And the darker side of it also has male frontal nudity so at the one people who would
Defend it by this people are offended by penis. Yeah
Yeah, we can and now be sure of it next reality because it has a military in there that tells lies to the public and
You know we really wouldn't experience pretty far fetched. Yeah, I'll be there always these literary license
Yes
Anyway, keep up with you talk about the politics and see if we can proceed without
Clip with these to return the money to the people they spell it from before they donated out of the Bush campaign
Hey man, okay. Thanks a lot, Pelley
See that's the idea. They're waiting for all these big executives for all these CE types
You know to send in their checks and then then after that they'll take care of them or not as the case may be depending on the size of the check
This is Cotacute foe news channel FA UX fair and balanced. We distort you comply. That's great
This info dot com is selling foe FA UX news news and join the Arali youth t-shirts
The website says launched on September 13th 96 this information was designed to be the search service of choice for individuals looking for information on current affairs politics new science and hidden information that seldom seems to step through the cracks of the corporate on media conglomerates
Ironically was funded by one of the largest media companies in the world telecommunication tci and our part of AT&T who paid for placement on net scapes then you pick up a search page
This info dot com great. Let's get a bunch of those. What do you say?
Okay, but third man. Yeah, we'll all walk around with those
Inside the building five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight or you can wear it to the pizza lot
Jeff will have a good chuckle he's mr. Non-political he finds everything I'm using as long as you bring some money
Okay, not a lot of money because the food is delicious and mighty inexpensive at the world famous pizza lot now with two-brower locations one in dv one implantation
Today be in Monday don't forget every Monday night at the loft is lasagna night every Tuesday's eggplant night
You buy one of these dinners on these nights you get the second month for only five bucks
Wednesdays your kids eat free with adult sickness
You just famous magic show whip it out for him every Thursday is a biker night at the loft come on a motorcycle
You buy one dinner and get the second dinner for just half price food is fresh
It's delicious and some of the best attending goodies you'll find anywhere in town at very modest prices to portions are gigantic
And they got all your favorites pasta dishes they have chicken and veal and seafood three different kinds of great pizza
Super subs calzones great garlic rolls just dripping with it and a garlic to you'll love it
You'll find the debut location on university drive between gripping in five ninety five for take out delivery and catering there
It's like I said right beyond peer one imports call nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine one six
eighty eight eighty did I say it's right beyond peer one imports and kitty quarter the brand new armadillo cafe
Yes, I did and the plantation location with the same delicious fresh food the same gigantic portions and teeny tiny prices
Is on a corner of knob hill and sunrise right behind wall greens and at little hard to find strip shopping center
But it's well worth finding it call nine five four three eight two
nineteen ninety nine you'll be near a lot believe me when you try it the first time three eight two
nineteen ninety nine for the world famous pizza lot now with two count them
Howard location
We're sports radio five six
UAM
Radio is one of the few foreign
UAM
Baby
New ones on the way
Having been a fatty since he has today
As I was expecting we can work it out
But it doesn't make me want to win some shout
When I'm 64 I still change diver
When this kid's grown up I will be dead
Better stock up now on baby whippers
My
Baby
Thanks. Don't know if the kid will be a singer
Just hope it tells me when it finally comes
What the child to have ten toes and finger
Unlike it's mom
Baby mccogni your dad is elderly
Wonder why I couldn't just let it be
Oh
One eighteen five sixty WQM here's a fact from one of our Dallas
Connections says now that most have been pushed farther in the middle of the night
Have you noticed that the mood around QM's gotten any better absolutely any better
Like the difference between death and life not just day and night death and life
The week that I was there was like a like party time as soon as he was out the door like it about 802 every morning
Was party time everybody's happy everybody's like high five in in low five
Grabbing each other's giblets. It's great
Says Moa saw a brace of its luck. It's luck brushing
I see like brushing up against the shark is what he means a shark with an auto on his head
For all's pretty good not great but good love the show. I'm not sucking ass
I'm just a fan trying to get not trying to get Marlon tickets
Just trying to spread some kindness in the land of here. Thank you very much Dallas connection
Whatever the hell that name is on the bottom. What is that name?
Uh
Okay
719 votes for all doesn't have any by the way. Okay. For all doesn't have a single vote
He's only been up there a short while he doesn't have any votes on her yet. So he is still kicking ass. Sure. They love him
And in the meantime we do like him a lot between eight and ten. I'm necessarily like after ten oh five
105 that was you said
Voters turn away from Blair's party amid dispute over Iraq's arms dossier
British foreign secret did we hit one woman calling out today? No another another lady list day boy outside. Are you?
Oh, it is so
embarrassing now right embarrassing
Hope we'll get some visual call and give me your luck instructions on why they don't call or why you should be doing this
and you should be
British foreign secretary Jack Struss at Friday. He stood by the accuracy of government intelligence on Iraqi weapons as a new pool indicated
That public disenchanted over the matter across the labor party. It's lead over the conservatives for the first time in eleven years
Tony Blair has taken the pipe baby. We're not talking about the one at the Robert the Niro head and once upon a time
Structural the House of Common Select Committee on Foreign Affairs that a disputed claimant intelligence dossier that
Sodom was saying could unleash an unconventional weapons attack in 45 minutes and come from a credible intelligence source
He also denied allegations have been added to the document to a embellish the findings and support Prime Minister Blair's argument that direct represented an immediate threat
The committee is investigating charges that the government impulated intelligence to exaggerate the menace that Sodom and his weapons pose to justify military action and a story goes on
How do you like that Tony Blair in deep political do do you know?
I have a feeling that a year and a half from now the same could be here. We can only cross our legs and in eyes and pray and fingers
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon line WQAM
How about the L. Yes, how are you okay?
Hey, did you see the movie when we were giants? No, no, you never saw that movie. You like history movies?
Sometimes that's a good that's a good history movie. What is the bad? It's a World War two. It's about the big three
I'm a PR and Rose and Roosevelt and
Staling Island and
If they are in Roosevelt and Kurt Hill and Ston the big four
I saw it and you know if you like a movie it was strictly about dialogue
If you know about all the phone calls between all the leaders and everything and you know
It's more like a play. It's not like a movie with action
But what it does show is it shows a lot of World War
Photograph
Actual footage of World War two through the movie as you know as we you know going through Africa and then going of course
Normandy get back France and all that
But you know it's a three hour movie, but I mean you'll enjoy it. The Bob Hoskins has Churchill and
I think it's
That guy's name. P. Me Herman is Stalin
No, no, it's a Michael Kayn is Stalin and John Liska John Liska is a is a FDR wow
Check it out. It's called the I probably even better role than the one he did. It's alive parts 1 2 6
What's it called?
Okay, I'll check it out. Thanks a lot, Pellie. Bye bye. See you
5 6 7 0 5 60 written by Willie Mason Monty Irvin when we were giants
Palm 5 60 on it. You know, Geldy was talking about watching Willie maze play in our Geldy
The fact that you were punk. He's 33 years old and he said so he was born in 1970, which I guess is a wondered Willie maize repair
Oh, uh, no seriously like
He was I think in 73 is when Willie maize returned
So he was three years old
Now do you remember what you watched when you were two and three years old? No, no
Carla, I'm Geldy, but the fact that you're a punk why don't you just admit it? Okay?
You didn't see you a Willie maize make that great basket catch off vickwards in the 1954 World Series in which the giants
Shot the universe by sweeping the Indians forced rate dusty roads with a pinch hit homeruns
Sound magly Johnny Antonelli you remember all Don Mueller? Remember all of that don't you?
I've no idea what words just came out of radio excellent. At least you're being honest about it. Unlike Geldy
Well, I saw Willie maize make that great catch in 54 of course. That was along before I was born but
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we're still looking for our first lady car
They I don't want to go through an entire Monday without one woman called in the show just to be just to be decent just to have the
Common decency to cure it up to center very best or worst is the case maybe just something right
Sure, why not
Okay
Very very unfriendly crowd w-k-y-n
Sua perfect perfect w-k-y-n
Yes, you little fix
Sua see what I mean friendly crowd w-k-y-n
W-k-y-m our last call hello
Q-a-n hi hi
Somebody Q-a-n our last call hello turn the radio up a little bit louder. Okay, I can't hear it
Okay, okay, that takes care of your calls today on a wonderful Monday. Oh, and they want to
Nea why don't you want to be down here? Why don't you want to be here in the summertime especially?
It's so beautiful and the people are so great and I'll invite away for that asshole that called me last week about why I want to be in Toronto. Oh my god
Oh
Oh
See I can honestly say this is the first time in my life better late than ever that I've lived in a real city
I can honestly say that no
I did live in Detroit when it was but by that time wasn't a real city anymore was a toilet in the early 70s
But it's the first time I live in but I don't need a car
I can walk anywhere I want to go I can get on a subway. It's like a real city with living and breathing nice people, you know
How many years have been screaming about the fact that South Florida and I can't even name a city
I mean my ME for Lauderdale is making different what the city you name because it that you have to call it South Florida because it encompasses the entire area because there is no city
There is no downtown. There is no uptown. You're right urban sprawl 85 different municipalities
There's candle in their sweet water in his guidance sunrise and her surfside and her plantation and his plantation acres and there's all of this other crap
Tamarack margate
Wilting manners
all of these things
And this guy's calling me give me a song and an answer
Well, what's so great about it and the people are very unfriendly. What did he say they were rude?
I forgot I got news for the rudest most obnoxious nastyest person I could find here will be a hundred times
Politor than the average
Asshole in South Florida the average
Hard-hearted mean spirited nasty hostile South Floridian who just can't wait to give me the stuff
Just stick it in your back and twist it until a blood is just pouring down both cheeks. Welcome. You got it
So I hope you have a good time this summer
Yeah
26 past one at five sixty WQM by now you've been hearing us talk about Laminate's Arust for a while
How lemonated wood flooring from Laminate's Arust is this smart the easy the low maintenance alternative for you to natural wood flooring
Laminate's Arust is the best place to find Laminate wood flooring from Peridor Pergo Wilson Art Uniflorant Quickstep
All the top names in the business are installed by Pergo certified installers too. Here's another good reason why you ought to call Laminate's Arust
Their prices will floor you call Laminate's Arust and get their summer special right now for just
1995 bucks. That's correct. Just
1995 bucks from to 380 square feet of beautiful
Laminated wood flooring. It is absolutely unreal
Laminate's Arust will match any legitimate written off for two if you want you a free and home estimate
Just call Laminate's Arust toll free new obligation
Call 1 877 777 3336 what could be easier? It's a piece of cake. They give you a free carpet disposal
Faith furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care
Laminate wood flooring call Laminate's Arust today toll free time at crap crappy old neo-tourney to call 1 877 777 3336
My annual
This is sports radio bike 6
You way up
You
Question tell me what you think about me. I got the gold chains in the press YT
All you're my cellion I'm feeling ony and when it's all over I zip up and leave
Question if you think you leave it now miss you better thank twice because you ain't dismissed look it
You got yourself a paradise hips which means I can ride you like a
Titanic ship. Yeah, the top of my head may got grease
But the dogs that I wear ain't cheap. Hey, you want a sweet memory honey hop in the bed with me
Yeah, all you women there's plenty of me throw your bodies at me
All you women can't get enough for me throw your undies at me
Hey for you honey. I pay good money throw your brazer at me
Just on holler that I gave you dollars to hop in the bed there with me
Oh 131 at 560 WQA and the world famous Neil Rogers show 744 votes on a pool. Are you impressed or what?
Yeah, sure. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to computer expert
Being hit is he impregnate don't tell me he's asleep again. Oh no
If you told me he's asleep at the swish again
749 votes on our pool today the last thing I want to hear or hear about on the New Rogers show is sports 158
Eating at what is it was somebody eating something maybe what do you eat and cop drops ask
Eating ass 130 hockey 114 mohauer david at 80 George 65. Oh, you've closed the gap
You've tightened it up
Moe 80 George 65 music 45. Oh, you passed music and pulled away like a was standing still politics 45 movies only 38
religion 34 Q. I. M office politics 21 the caller is 15 and for rals got four
Out of 749 well, he had to have some you know because he's not perfect
Here's a fact is a movie to send a chill down your spine enemy of the state
Would gene hackman will Smith oh John void and Lisa Bonay
It's just why the what hey
Not good
Very so so I mean millen other movies have been made that have been much better
It's his why because the movie wasn't made around around her after 9.11. It came out November 1998 with several exclamation points
Keep up the good work best wishes time and Hollywood thanks time and Hollywood but being a boy said your full of crap
Only mediocre
Yeah, I don't even think I'd watch it again and in the fact that will Smith was in it
That's since is that for me thanks anyway Tom, but I guess I'm not gonna have time for that one to squeeze it in too many others lineup
I gotta watch Bob Roberts probably tonight
With the Tim what's his name Robbins right and Susan what's your name? Surrandon?
What well you don't want to say their name like like you know it because then the committee against a verse of a fag
Lately Tommy Pinkle yeah, then they'll come knocking on the door
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 I want a woman car in this next 27 minutes or I'm gonna be very depressed you believe me no
I'm gonna be so psychotic. I might do something rash
Like break out in one come into Q a.m
Thank you. I got a movie. Yeah, I haven't ever mentioned yet
It's it's called the deadmate bad company
I
Starring
So I don't know if you can find it or not it showed up for a while
Anyway, have a great day. Okay, thanks a lot. I'll look it up on the web
You can find anything just just do a search for the title of the movie and you'll find all sorts of crap
The deadmate bad company right mo? Absolutely
5 6 7 0 5 60
Tom do you know he's only like 38 did you know that?
He's all the way up there. He's just lived a long tough life
Now line nine is always very touch and go mostly the go part WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Go on WQ a.m. Hello
Oh, sorry, you're not a girl today
How much do I get that movie the head of me say movie sucks. What's that?
What movie's that the end of the state movie that the last color just called it for?
Yeah, yeah, it's not a good movie. We'll space plays a horrible comic release in that movie
Okay, thanks paly. He said it sucks. So that's two out of three. So I'm not gonna watch it
I will not watch a movie with Mill Smith and it anyway. I mean John Revolta. I'll make exceptions
Okay, then I say I watch one and he was actually pretty good in I don't remember what they all about you did
I've right to I have to be it has to be I mean you have to be somebody that I just find absolutely
Revolta in others if I draw the line and say if so and so is it I just won't budget period on principle
And I have said that about Bruce Willis but there have been exceptions
I watched a couple of Bruce Willis movies. I don't know what they'll they were but they were okay
Who else?
Berture gear. Oh, oh, yeah
Makes me puke but nevertheless if it was a pretty good flick. I still might watch it Robert Downey Jr
Robert time he oh can't stand him but again if it was a good flick right
Didn't he wasn't he in a good movie with the Kano Reeves? There's another one makes me sick
But that one about on the roof where they had the broad tied up
I can never think of the name of that you don't know what I'm talking about
No, but I think they were both in that one at least Kano Reeves would
But anyway, there are plenty of people I'm not too crazy about but it would have to be
Somebody that are really just despised to make that absolute
Draw the line in the sand and say if they're in it, I'm not gonna see it. Will Smith is in that category
Have we ever done that pull?
I don't know if we've done that exactly. I think we're doing that tomorrow good
Is that a movie pole? Does that qualify as a movie pole? Uh-oh
Uh-oh
I don't give a crap what a quality qualify it qualifies as being something timely and we'll get a lot of response on it
And quite frankly, let's see tomorrow's Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, you know
I'm just writing out the tide here, you know
That's right. You see having no like Natalie Wood I'm right going out with the tide
The quota time of Bob and Tom bid I wish we still had that that was a great bit remember that
How'd it go?
It's something about Natalie Wood when I was the tide away. It was one of those
These CDs, it's not on there. It's an old Bob and Tom anyway
The point I'm throughout the house I sang before you move me again. Oh the movie pole tomorrow
He always tried to throw me off to make it seem like I'm a daughtering old man, which I am
But I don't want to see that way. I have to keep putting on a good act
Tomorrow we do the movie pole the actor actors who absolutely if they were in the movie you wouldn't go see it under any circumstances
And that's my choice. Will Smith
Spill it with THRFF. However you like to spell it. It still smells the same. He is just obnoxious and arrogant and he thinks his stuff don't stink
And plus he don't have any talent
Can he sing? Can he act? Well, where's the talent? You should see six degrees of separation just so you can see how bad a movie can be yeah
What a pseudo intellectual piece of tripe
What is it about? Faggery. So how are to have commercial about Faggery and how great it is
With Will Smith. Yeah as a fag. No, no, we don't want him. We got enough problems already
We got Bob Coons and we got a bunch of other right, you know
We don't want him at all
Send it back to his lovely wife. He does have a beautiful wife. What's your name? Cheetah
In she hot. Link it there. She's okay. Whatever. She know how we bury huh? She know how he bury wow how many people are Halle burry
Okay, she you know how he bury she know Mary and Barry
Nobody's perfect. Okay, but I thought she's pretty good. She's okay. She'll do
22 till two at five sixty WQM here's something they'll do. I popped him in my mouth this morning
Beside the bacon
Oliomid cell pills they're great for you. I do it for my blood pressure and it works like a charm
This is good stuff. It contains the finest olive oil you've ever popped in your mouth not just ordinary olive oil
But Oliomid contains super concentrated olive oil loaded with all kinds of health benefits good stuff for you
Oliomid every day can up reduce the reduce the risk
Don't you want to reduce the risk? You bet you reduce the risk or reduce the risk of heart disease and cholesterol
Plus there are 14 different Oliomid formulas you can choose from each one combining the finest the best
This is olive oil on a planet with vitamins minerals and herbals to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure
Your immune system all you do is pick out the ones that are right for use and now there are three new Oliomid formulas
One to help you sleep one to help you control your weight
Cell Q10 which contains coque Q10 for your heart pick up some Oliomid while you're out doing your shopping today and pop it in your
Post it can't hurt pick it up at public's records wall greens whole food markets and arousine sedanas order it online if you prefer at
Oliomidamerica.com or if you want more information on these two pennies exciting products calm tool free and tell them that cross the old
Neal or crappy old Neal whatever you like 20 to call 1 866 Oliomid that's 1 866 65
366 33 for better health start pop an Oliomid in your post today
And that's why I think that's it will have a championship season the judge and when did I tell you you don't talk
Do I say you can talk this is the beast I said shut up fat soul that you're like a father to me you don't talk to lumb done talking
When I'm done talking then you talk okay I'll be coming come here I want you to meet a friend of mine mr. Gough Club
I'm gonna show you the business center this thing come in
and
This court sentences you to 20 years in ours
Would you info I had done a tag off my mattress look like we'll be your bookmates
The names more holiday then stagras stay screen and paradise what's yours
Nick old me cofair hmm you got so pan thank you
Hey
God
My child got 10 minutes. What else to be safe in me?
No both
No man
No man in the blue but that's so pretty
Okay
Pull him back to me like that
You know who I am
No man then don't pick it up now
I'm your buddy
All right
But I expect a print apology I might just put that blue man up
Oh man
Oh man
I picked a fraud
Oh
The warden will see you now thanks
Well Mr. David
Hello
What then
Jack Jack Gordon how can it help you see what I'm here I keep getting raped
The
The
Toe is a vatish
Yeah
I look into it right away
Thanks wasn't about time some but it now drop your path
Huh I said drop your path this was awesome
Favors don't come to you
Yo yo yo let's rape oh
Radio big shot
Oh
That's how we pass the time away
In the gay old jail
The
Oh
Absolutely
143 Lin Sanles reminds me that they sold 150,000 tickets on the first day
For the big rock concert come out here in Toronto on July 30th the SARS benefit
And they're going to be like 800,000 people are there estimating
You're going to be there
Yeah, I'm on my way
Vendel featured a rolling stones AC DC rush the guests who flaming lips
Camping in words just in temper like well nothing's perfect
Hey Justin got a message for you from all of my friends in Toronto
Justin
Bye bye bye
He'll be here
The cbc is tentatively agreed to broadcast a one hour addition to concert worldwide
Grocery chain a and p is purchased a quarter of a million tickets at full price
Which they'll sell its source in Ontario and the US beginning this week US tickets are 16 bucks
Here's the 2150 because of that Canadian dollar and all the money's going to cheer you it's gonna be July 30th a wild time
You'll all be here right? No
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and we're gonna go over 800 votes on our pool before the end of the show
Seldom is that ever happened in the history of this program even even during the part of the year when they're actually people in town
They're excited
It is exciting
Well, what are we covering for you?
Quite a turnaround if I can do and don't forget if you tune in late go to our website
If for no other reason even if you don't care about our pool to check out dancing dwarf mo
I mean you've seen mozo and you've seen squirrely mo with a swing of nuts
but this one
I purposely haven't looked at it again since a couple hours ago
Because every time I look at it I get like mesmerized by that damn it. It's hypnotic
I
Seriously look at it and look away the hands and head huh? I think I think people are making it their wallpaper look at the way his hands and the head are moving all
This man put Sammy Davis junior to shame I'll guarantee you that he is doing a tap dance
So like so what you have never seen in your life
In fact if he had skates on he could be maybe make the panthers this year and you haven't even seen the original
Yeah, even the little clip of it which they were showing every five minutes when that was hot when that shot Laura Palmer and all that
But you'll see eventually if I have to go and rent the movie just to record the clip of what the real dancing dwarf looks like yeah, then you'll die
785 votes we can do it we need 15 more to get over 800 during the show today and the one of the what's the result for ralsal
I only got four votes nice go on scott. They love him. They're upset. They want to squeeze his parts
The last thing I want to hear a hear about on the erudger show is spore
166 eating ass 136 hockey 113
119 sorry
Moe Howard David 83
George 69 as George continues closing and closing on a old man's rusty old ass absolutely watch out for the seeds
music 46 politics 45 movies 43
religion 37 QAM politics meaning office inside crap only 21
collar 16 and for ralsal only got four I'm nearly 800 votes
That is pretty heavy duty. He's doing better than you are George now. You know what's going to happen inside
They're going to say well look at that. There's a lot of a lot more people. Huh? That's right
So he's probably should look for you guys off of there because now they'll be manipulating again
Oh, yeah, Niels audience right out here for now. We'll be doing just fine. Okay. Well, I'm sure muffled coming there
Breathlessly tomorrow morning while Greg had another meeting and we decided yeah
Schmuck WQA
Good one excuse me. That was that was a grid right there
WQA am
Hey, yeah, let me talk to Leo. No chance. I want a woman on this phone. I only got huh?
No, I only got a few minutes here. I want to leave the car before we check out here two o'clock today
It's gonna be I'm gonna have to write it in my diarrhea
The last day of June 2003. I went four entire hours. Didn't take a lot of call
Took several a couple of more okay
And not one female cared to not to sit over very best. I feel so freaking wounded man. You have no idea
WQA am lady line
Not a lady
WQ I am
Hello there we go all right
Sorry, that was that was my phone. I just called you and it was like
That you're making your phone is farting
You might have you you might have the only farting phone in the world. I don't know about that
I'm a female heterosexual from Wilton, man. I know right my favorite. You're the one. Oh, I love you George
And
I had the more juvenile and adolescent you are the better
All right, you're our kind of listeners. We'd our thanks for making my day
And I was vote for Leonardo DiCaprio as I will not watch a movie with him in it
You know something I'm putting it down will take suggestions right now. I'm putting that down for other
In fact in you know what I agree. I wouldn't watch it either and I did see him in
What's eating Gilbert great, but he was a perfect role in that because he played a retard
Well, if Gilbert was in there was a retard for sure. Okay. Thanks for the art have a great day
Okay, that's a good one Leo DiCaprio. That's that's on my list. I've got a short choice
Is a matter of fact who was the other one I was talking about
What's that? Which will Smith? Well, no
I would watch a movie with Will Smith before I would watch Leo DiCaprio. I will not do it
I mean to me he is such a screaming
Minsing embarrassing faggot. I can't even begin to and then of course the tabloids always was seen with 15 women in his apartment
Yeah, right and then then if you read if you read a little bit further down in the story
While there were like six lesbians out on the balcony and there was the only other people seen in the apartment
I mean come on are you fooling anybody Leo give me a break
Oh, he makes math Damon look like Hercules. I'll leave Madelow. I like mad Damon
Even you like some of his movies right and why do I mention him in the same breath? I don't know that was bad
I apologize mad I apologize
Look at what we got on it pull an even eight eight oh oh
oh 100
Wow, and you know what we got all over two Scott Farrell
We got our lead in now. We got our tended to back
We're making some progress and of course it all depends on who gets the diaries
The spring books already over ended like 12 days ago June 18
So we'll see how to fall out was we'll see if our people got the diaries if they were loyal if they're back on a show now
It's tended to if we're making a comeback or if Greg read like just stuck that thing right through our heart like Dracula
That's how I feel
Like somebody stuck me with a spear right through my back. Oh, that's how I feel Greg with a 9-1 crab
Just took the energy just like pulling a guy named plug out of the hot balloon
And now like somebody blew it back into us. You know it a little blowback
What 151 at 560 WQ we got the mad dog Jim Madd. It's gonna talk some Marlon crap. I sure hope not talk football
I don't want to tell you about what to talk about don't talk about the marlins. It's so boring
You see the fact that they like Farrell so much and even in spite of the Marlon crap and all those free tickets
That's quite an endorse me, you know it
Because you know as well as I do that most of our audience finds the Marlon stuff as terminal is as listening to paint dry
And he's still out of 812 votes. He's still only got four
So I think he might be more popular than god damn the six million dollar man
And all those sandwiches. Hey, let me tell you right now if you want to get a great night sleep
You can go to a beddinger department store and get ripped off
You can buy a bunch of crap
You can go through a big saw into dance you can lay down on the thing for about 10 seconds and see if you like it
That's not the smart way to buy a mattress the smart way to do it is like all of us a Q.way
And do that is make one easy call to the experts the bedding experts at the auto mattress
1 800 mattress you won't believe how easy it is to pick out a perfect bed for you and your back
Because if you're not getting a good night's sleep all day long you feel like crap
If you go into a show room they try to steer you toward a house brand or discontinued said something
They're trying to get rid of never happens at the auto mattress. They don't sell any crap
They don't even have it in stock all they want to do is study the top quality in the world
Sealy sort of Simmons temper pede no sales gimmicks no false promises and they got the high-end beds too for your high rovers
They got Sealy's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand in the world all at every day on beatable low prices
So just make the one easy call and you'll see what a spectacular deal it is all the way around
Because the dollar mattress they've got that comfort exchange policy if you're not completely satisfied if you don't love that
mattress
They look change it for you with no questions as and they take away the crappy old bedding and set up the new one for free
You get to choose to date and time for liberty that fits your schedule when you're going to be home
And it's convenient for you any to our window nobody else in the universe does all of these things for you
So if you want to get you a great new mattress and a super night sleep for years to come make the one simple call
Like the rest of us have been doing out for a long time call one 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES for dollar mattress or check them out on the way of that mattress dot com
My life and look all this is sports radio by city
Way to a
Diddy trucker diddy cock it
Is it used to have no wings?
Any girl to what is just the thing that he is gay
He likes you where a stretch that he looks like a light phone head
and
your
Right
We don't get to be close when it is the meeting time
On your side, we don't know the old look back
156-560W, he makes my skin crawl, Leo de Campery, how are we going to word that tomorrow?
That's kind of a tough one. I was just thinking how we're going to word it, you know?
Right, well we got all night.
What do you mean, what's this week, Kimo-Sabi? What's that week, crap?
You're not the one that words the pull, you do bad pull.
I got a turt in my pocket.
Great!
Oh, your one's been shaking hands with Moa, huh?
Maybe you guys can kiss and make up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, I was just thinking about for real describing how he had, you know,
walks around with his hand in the back of his pants, digging for gold.
And then, you know, shakes people's hand.
I wouldn't be shaking Moa Howard, David, his hand, eight times sooner if I were you, unless you're going to,
unless you carry some of that disinfectant around with him.
I always do.
Do you?
See, back when the sourcing was getting everybody a little panicky up here, all these people walking around with these little tiny,
what do they call that stuff?
The waterless hand wash.
Exactly!
And they were scrubbing and rubbing and then doing a good WDQIM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Why are you such a miserable individual?
Meaning, this is the retired guy.
Oh, this is the retired guy to win the race.
You're so angry.
Yeah, you're so, so full of crap.
Drop dead.
WDQIM.
Hey, it's a lady in my room.
All right, let's hear it.
All right.
I'm actually one of the contestants for next month.
This month, actually, couple of contest.
Is this any more?
And I wanted to call and tell you about the movie 28 Days.
I didn't hear the beginning of the show and I don't know if anybody brought it up,
but it's a really great movie.
It's a great movie.
One guy said it was so bad he got up and walked out just a half hour into it.
He was old.
He was not old.
It was a great movie guy.
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, okay.
Well, I thought it was great and my boyfriend thought it was great and I don't know if you've seen
Shalow grave, which is also by Danny Boyle.
It's kind of like that.
It's similar.
It's very good though.
But it's not like, I can't see it.
It's not like train spotting.
No, I didn't know.
No, no.
I thought train spotting once thought it was interesting.
But too much and it wasn't like that.
In other words, there are no hands in the toilet bowl in this one.
No, no, no.
And it's not your typical zombie movie.
They're not zombies.
Pretty good.
Okay, thanks.
We got Ron Boulevardry.
The scan came out great.
Oh, great.
Thanks.
Thanks for the pictures.
Roll it right back.
Okay.
See you.
Bye.
Yeah, there's another.
Don't forget, get those.
What is it?
Contest at neo-riders.com.
Yes.
For the pictures.
And this is our fourth and final one of these hot couple contest,
at least for right now.
And you could win a trip to the Bahamas for two or two,
Jamaica for two months, the Heetnism 2 or 3 or 4 or 5.
And we got a long way to go though.
I like the fact we're starting this early because it gives you two weeks to get the pictures in.
And then Monday, June 14th, we'll put the pictures on our website.
And they'll have a full week to vote on them.
And Monday, June 21st, we'll pick the winner.
Maybe more likes to do that too, pick the winner.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, WDQAM.
Nobody there.
What a shame.
That was probably going to be our best call today.
WDQAM.
Can I say it?
WDQAM.
Nobody there.
WDQAM.
Yeah.
A meal please.
Yes sir, speaking.
Nail.
Speaking, yes.
Come here for the cold springs.
Sandra Bowick.
She makes my skin crawl.
Are you serious?
Yes, I am.
Is she too, is she too clumsy?
No talent.
And I think that, you know, that she's the primates NEP one.
There's an early movie she did speed or something like that.
Yeah.
We're out to run away bus and all.
And she ended up, uh, I, after that I was convinced she could not act.
She might be a little bit better, but I think, you know,
it's the one of those typical things where Holly would, uh,
get, put someone in whoever they want to put in.
And they could just promote the hell out of them.
Okay, I think she's cute, but have a great day.
You know, I think that the, uh, Faggot guy, that was the same guy again.
Really?
You know what I'm talking about?
The chronic Schwarzer guy.
And anyway, my dog's coming up now.
Bye, bye, bye.
When the electric show, I'm fighting the NQAM,
planning for learning.
Big gigantic dark ass.
