One hundred and twenty!
costs racing
The day you were bound to the government yesterday,
Yeah, you hated it.
You have a heart attack when you're hitting Lake Road for the deal.
Are you sure I'm betting that you won't believe
What the take is, but my, yeah, it's true.
In the day was all long for what to.
Frankly, taxi is the day we're gonna all get screwed.
I don't want it. It's here in April 15.
Hi, everybody. We're about to...
No.
Yeah, life goes on, man. Right, Carlos?
Yeah. Anyway, here's the results for yesterday's pull.
I got a heavy duty play today, man.
I mean, I'm people to get it.
In fact, our website today is a must.
There are what? 7,500 stories on a website today?
Just about.
At least.
Good stuff.
Each one demands a reading.
Okay, by people who want to know what else is going on.
In fact, I will say this.
If you really want to have any idea what's going on in the world,
the internet's a place to find it.
Not just our website.
That's where you'll find it.
Right.
About the talking head that works.
You won't find it there.
And of course, in the Tucson Photo Fish Rapper,
all you find is crap and a lot of stupid ads.
Now, where the hell do I start today?
I guess I'll give the result for me yesterday's pull.
Then there was an interesting facts that came in right at the end.
There were two interesting facts.
It's the first one showing a protest demonstration.
And a woman is holding up a big, big sign.
It says bombing for pieces like effing for virginity.
Bombing for pieces like screwing for virginity is what she said.
I think she's got a good point.
We'll come right down to it.
Also, somebody who facts this right at the end of yesterday
showed what said the result of today's pull.
By the way, how about those red wings?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
So that.
Oh!
Okay.
If I were to say anything, I was thinking about it.
I would say, what is 15th century, when we're casting
have used in daily life recently?
by Mark Mark Coppola's from the of Chapel Hill news.
North Carolina, your favorite state, right?
Second, Village Voices by Mark Mark Coppola's
media failure.
This, everything I might read it a hundred times today,
or at least, maybe not a hundred, but at least,
oh, I have that here, so you have to play it there.
I don't have that, my DCS.
This says it all.
I mean, it's the best thing I've read.
It's very short, only a couple of pages,
but it's perfect.
Shoplifter flea store with DVD leaves baby daughter behind
in Bonita Springs, only in Florida, man.
Yeah, but which DVD was it?
A man, no, no, a player.
Oh, he was gonna go in there just steal a DVD
and leave his kid behind.
A man accused of shoplifting a DVD player,
may have fled authorities at a target store
in Bonita Springs, but it did leave behind
something during the escape, his baby daughter.
All right.
There's a thought for a George.
What kind of DVD player?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, real good one.
The man stopped at the store Monday afternoon
after being taped on a security camera,
taken the device leak, County Sheriff Deputy Tom Contino said,
but before it could be arrested, he hauled ass.
He took off Contino said.
I like hauled ass better, and he hauled off the DVD player too.
So several, you know, where he took it?
Down the hall.
So several target employees took turns changing the baby's
diapers and feeding her with a bottle,
while deputy search for a mother,
store manager Lauren Hensley said.
She's a beautiful little girl Hensley said.
The father left behind a baby bag,
which contained a doctor's bill that had to be used
to track down the mother.
Had the mother picked up the healthy girl he had it.
The family's identities had not been released early today,
and officials were still searching for the man.
He's wondered on charges of shoplifting
and felony child neglect.
If convicted faces a maximum penalty
more than five years in prison,
Bonita Springs as we all certainly know
is about 15 miles north of the Anxious Naples area.
Anxious, ever been to Naples?
Sure.
Home of a beastly broadcasting.
That's just one more reason to stay at home,
away from there.
This right here is Syria next on the US hit list.
Now, did you ever actually send me the facts?
I don't think you sent it to me.
The one that from this morning though.
No, but I already have a story.
I'm way ahead of that guy, but thank you anyway.
See, are there behind the administration
all of this gold digging and oil digging and oil drilling?
And is Syria next on the US hit list?
This is from the Hindustan Times, by the way.
Israel's infrastructure minister Joseph Peritsky
has ordered an assessment of the condition
of an old pipeline to the city of Haifa
from Mosul and Iraq.
The influential Israeli daily harrots has reported
the pipeline which used to provide Haifa
and now in Israel with oil until 1948,
passes through and on Sunday that was holding chemical weapons
the report gains great significance.
Syria might well be next on the US hit list for a regime change,
the purpose being to restart the defunct Mosul
to Haifa pipeline and solve Israel's oil needs.
Oi!
After the Iraq war after all,
might prove to be just the first chapter.
It says in the Iraq war might prove to be just
the first chapter in this project.
The minister's order of assessing the pipeline's condition
shows that Israel is reasonably sure
it will be able to use it again and soon.
The pipeline would save Israel millions of dollars
it currently spends to buy oil from Russia.
It'll help the US diversify its own supplies of oil.
The pipeline was close to high
after the formation of Israel and was redirected to Syria.
There have been several attempts since
to restart the Florida Haifa that Aley says,
a participant in one such attempt during the mid 1980s
was Donald Rumsfeld.
Then an advisory US president Ronald Reagan,
now Secretary of Defense who instigated
and led the war on Iraq.
How do you like that?
Here's also by the way the one that's rattling
the spears about going into Syria,
which we also have that little later on.
But all attempts have failed as the governments
in both Iraq and Syria have remained antagonized Israel
because of the anti-Palestinian violence.
The only way out was a regime change in both countries
with Saddam Hussein falling the job now is only half done.
How do you like that?
Oil pipelines, first we had the oil pipeline
through Afghanistan that didn't work out
because of the Taliban that changed their plans
because of the Taliban, man.
Now we gotta worry about what's going on in Iraq
and thank goodness all the oil fields are under Allied control.
Now we gotta worry about that pipeline through Syria.
I've heard that oil back to Israel.
It looks to me like the Brits, the Americans
and the Israelis are all in bed together
is what it's all about.
And I look quite into the law of what it's like to you.
Don't forget the Australians.
Nah, and this, Mopatat is their down under man
their way down in them, they know.
Seriously, what's your queens?
Hey, join the big this afternoon, noon to two
as for the McDonald's tax relief day at 6204 Miramar Parkway
just west of 441 by one item and get one more for just a cent
for a penny and the big one is providing the pennies,
okay, he's gonna split up his paycheck.
Plus while they last to Paramarlin's tickets too,
it's the McDonald's tax relief day
with the big, oh, on Miramar Parkway west of 441 noon to two today.
That great.
I can't wait.
Go to McDonald's and can you imagine the incredible indigestion
you can get for like a pittance, huh?
And the big goes gonna keep tossing to the pennies.
Penny's from a fat guy.
Let me do the break because I wanna read this.
I don't wanna do a lot of reading.
We got a cute pool today, it's not serious.
It's not heavy duty, we got a zillion calls on it,
and et cetera, a lot of stupid cramming, good stuff.
No, I got a lot of important stuff here today.
We're gonna save the world on this show.
Later at least, you know, we'll go to somebody.
Somebody's gotta give it a shot, right, Randy?
Ah!
Wow, what?
Yeah.
Look at that, a distant third place,
the thousands of wounded and murdered people,
distant fourth place, I'm sorry.
We only had seven choices on there,
eight, whatever it was, and they came at a distant fourth.
We don't care about that crap, okay?
Not only you can say it's gonna make us care about it,
it's them against us, it's the good people,
against the bad people, and better than us in Yadi Yadi.
Right?
Where is that Yadi Yadi Yadi again?
Uh-oh.
Which I had been saying that for years,
till that we did that pull about stupid annoying phrases
and expressions.
Yeah.
So to be honest with you.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
11 past nine at five, 60 W to QM on tax day, 2003.
Man, the birds are singing, it's gonna be 81.
Ah!
81!
27 Celsius from Toronto Day.
The sun is shining, it is beautiful.
Isn't that incredible?
It's gonna break the old record,
you'd break the old record by a long shot, by a mile.
Anyway, if your stomach looks like it's about a mile across,
here's the answer for your balance for life.
You can lose that weight, the easy, painless,
delicious way with balance for life,
because they do all the work for you.
You don't have to sit down and try to rattle your brain
and figure out what you're gonna buy
when you go to the supermarket.
In fact, you don't have to go to the market at all.
There's no shopping, no cooking, no cleaning,
no hassles, no calorie counting, no carb counting,
just delicious fresh food in your little black sack.
And balance for life delivers your black sack to your dough.
Every morning, by six o'clock at AM,
and inside your sack is all the food you'll need
to keep your really full and satisfied all day long,
three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks, five meals,
five feedings.
And like I said, even the hung worst of the hungry like the beast
will be satisfied and you'll really be happy
because the food is fresh and delicious.
Nothing frozen, no artificial ingredients,
no preservatives, no craft, just fresh, delicious,
great food, you get two choices for each meal
every day that's around the program.
The beast is lost over 60 pounds,
and you can probably do even better than that
if you're one of those big tubs,
or if you have maybe 10 or 20 pounds to lose,
you can lose it in no time at all,
the delicious way with balance for life.
Call them today and check this out,
call 9-5-4-568-32-29.
It's the painless way to really lose that weight
and look and feel better.
9-5-4-568-32-29 or visit their website
at balanceforlife.com.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my,
this is for 305-60,
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my,
Oh, long me 50 dollars.
It's not sweat.
My brains, that I know why,
the headaches always come around tax time.
Keep that in mind, gotta fill in the lines,
and get it in on time.
Oh, I know tax forms of a pain to think,
and fill in the mouth, man, it really thinks.
I'm doing all this so they can take, but pay.
You think half a way, it's so unreal.
But a fact you know, I'm in a major job,
pencil and numbers of notes wrong.
I've got my reasons,
who long to go now, I'll never get to this.
I just don't know, it's because I'm a cry,
I need to go, I'm trying to go,
fail the heart right from the start.
What it means to me is just misery,
equal fantasy.
Try it so hard,
and then get fired,
when it ends,
someone will fix this matter,
pay to go,
because after all,
in the end,
there won't be better.
What does this say that you just facts me?
I'm a Julio from Watts, from DR.
I assume Dominican Republic.
Or as you say.
All our Republican Dominicana.
So I guess that I'm the list.
So are you George?
Next to the facts,
the Jews, the Black, the non-Christians,
and the Gestapo is live and operating
in the Bush administration now.
Run for the hills.
So are you Miguel,
and also a bean-a-poor,
he left out,
oh, a big-a-poor professional Cuban.
That's right.
That's right, they're going to come and get your ass,
and the gun only knows what they'll do with it.
They'll come and grab Miguel's lily white ass.
Look at this.
No, don't send me all the rest of this.
Are you crazy?
No, that's why,
I just let you the first page of it.
The US government.
No, this is good.
It's like I said, send me the rest.
I'm going to take a look at it first.
Exactly.
It says,
over the past 18 months,
the US government's bought access
to data on hundreds of millions of residents in Tim Latin American countries,
apparently, without their consent or knowledge,
allowing myriad federal agencies to track foreigners
any living in the US.
All you dangerous Latinos, baby, look out.
Exactly.
Now, can I get to my most important story of the century?
There is one local reference in here,
but just overlook it.
Don't let that, you know,
I'll show you from the importance of this.
This is from last Friday's Chapel Hill News newspaper,
Village Voices by Mark Markopolis,
is the writer of the column.
He's a builder living in Orange County.
Now, is there an Orange County North Carolina?
Is this Orange County of California?
I don't know.
I would have seen California.
Oh, Florida.
There's an Orange County Florida.
I know that's Orlando.
I mean, what does that mean?
Jesus.
There's an Orange County Florida.
Is there a Dave County Florida?
No, it's Miami, Dave.
Oh, right.
He's you guys, man.
No, it's picking, nitpicking.
Anyways, called Village Voices.
I'm telling you,
this is too important to dick around with, okay?
All I get to it.
See, there he goes again, Carlos.
He says it's reported
in more than half of Americans,
believe that Sodom Hussein is responsible
for the terrorist attacks of 9-11.
This means that the U.S. media
have utterly, spectacularly,
shamefully and pathetically failed.
Absolutely correct, sir.
One of the most interesting aspects of this war
has been the overall superiority
of the Internet as a source of news.
In many cases, of course,
this actually means access to news reports
from all of the world's media except the U.S.
Do the majority of the world's citizens
who oppose the war really just hate freedom?
Are they getting better information?
At any rate,
without the Internet,
we are truth deprived.
In one sense,
the U.S. mainstream media has proved
they've totally relevancy
as an accurate information source.
Pragically, it's worse than that.
They've proved that they have neither
the professional journalistic integrity
nor the individual ethical foundation
to resist being enlisted to support a war
that they have all people are aware is based on lies.
First off,
all you wardrobe beaters and troop supporters out there
send in your outrage letters.
All I ask is that you provide a shred of re-elevenance
of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq
or tell the readers that the Bush Cabal
didn't lie about the four documents
purporting to prove Iraq had a nuclear program
or the plagiarized California grad student's thesis
that Colin Powell claim came from ununpeachable sources
or the aluminum tubes that nobody in the world
considered evidence of nuclear weapons construction,
not even the Pentagon fundamentalist
who cynically put forth this nonsense.
I urge you to write,
but spare me the sanctimonious unpatriotic smearing
and give me some facts.
And please, don't play the support the trips,
the troops' bait and switch game,
the Kerber aboard of Alderman got snuck into that one
even going as far as to say they wanted the troops to have
all the logistical support they needed
to complete their jobs.
Translation,
now that you're stuck fighting a war
that we already understand to be illegal and unnecessary,
we will stand by quietly
while you kill thousands of Iraqis,
not only young men and boys in the Iraqi army,
but more than a thousand innocent people.
And we'll in many thousands more,
including young children,
their arms blown off or blinded by a strapnell,
and we'll stand by quietly while you die,
you'd wound it or psychologically warped.
Supporting the troops apparently does not include
opposing news of depleted uranium shells
that ruined the lives of tens of thousands of Gulf War vets,
and will do the same disco around with barely a mention
in the media,
those who intend on supporting the war
for the expensive authentic journalism.
Not to mention the hellish experience of war itself.
Veteran war-course spot in Chris Hedges
recently wrote an essay decrying the censorship
that has kept the images of the true face
of war's destruction of the American living rooms.
If we saw the deep psychological scars of slaughter,
the way it maims and stunts those who participate in war
for the rest of our lives,
we would keep our children away.
Supporting the troops also apparently doesn't apply
to the media that have glossed over or ignored the lies
and bribery that glade the groundwork for this invasion.
How absurd that the mother of a killed soldier
was heard to say on the radio
that her boy died to protect Salt Lake City where she lived.
What did he die for?
Put project for a new American century in your search engine.
The late 90s think tank membership reads
like the Iraqi war chicken-hawk roster,
Wolfowitz Pearl, Cheney Abrams, Jeb Bush, and Moore.
It's a simple doctor they crafted,
in large US power and resource control
by expanding the military, choosing a conflict
that would result in a quick win
and an impressive show of force for the rest of the world.
Iraq was singled out by them as the preferred country,
and then continued on to invade
other countries with Egypt and Saudi Arabia
mentioned in order to gain control of the media specifically.
Did we really think the world's most incredible military machine
would not inevitably attract the type of maniacal people
that throughout human history have always been attracted
to positions of enormous power?
Do we think that these people,
even though they exhibit the same disrespect for the truth,
the same propensity for suffocating granddysmal,
the same contempt for democracy and freedom
as petty power grabbers through the ages,
are somehow more trustworthy because they're Americans?
Here's a quote from one of the most powerful people
in the world today, Richard Pearl,
close adviser to Bush who is also known
in Washington as the Prince of Darkness.
If we let our vision of the world go forth
and we embrace it entirely,
and we don't try to piece together clever diplomacy
but just wage total war,
our children will sing great songs about us years from now.
How do you like that?
That's freaking chilling.
Yeah.
This is the best article that I've read,
and probably most probably,
I don't even remember which website,
maybe it was Lynn, I don't know who where I found this.
You should read that once an hour.
That's what I was thinking before the show today,
because it sums up in a nutshell.
It's not too long, right?
Took me three or four minutes to read it,
but that's what it's all about right there.
And if you choose not to believe it,
you're living in dream world.
We told you about PNAC,
the project for the New American Century,
and the fact that this attack on Iraq
was decided long before 9-11.
Before what a masterful job these little things have done
and convincing the uneducated,
uninformed American public,
of course, with the,
like I said,
along could never have done it without the media, right?
With the willing and enthusiastic support
of the cheerleading American media,
so maybe it's no coincidence that they did
when our poll yesterday.
That's the thing they'll remember most about all this
was the biased cheerleading reporting, right, Dimmer?
And MSNBC is still showing the bulletin board.
Oh.
Yeah, the bulletin board.
Here's a picture of Joe Smith from Tupelo, Mississippi.
Yeah. Well, what the hell does that mean?
What does that mean?
What does that have to happen?
By the way, they're very upset about General J. Garner,
speaking of Orange County or Orlando, Florida.
They're very pissed off.
All the Iraqi, the Democratic opposition
decided who were supposed to be forging this new government with.
Yeah.
They showed thousands of them this morning,
just foaming at them out,
threading and raving and demonstrating against this.
Yeah, well, who the hell are they?
That's right. Bunch of laundry heads.
You're right.
You're right.
I should read that one time.
I should just read it over and over again.
Put it on the slew.
Let's get today's poll.
A little less serious.
But I don't want to get too heavy duty, do we?
No.
No.
Not at all.
Because I'm not going to change any minds or any opinions.
You will find that on our website today, along with about
600 other really important bedtime stories
on neo-rangers.com.
Also our poll today,
which we're going to build during the show.
This will give you, you know,
real simple, don't you think?
Sure.
Of course.
You know as well as I do.
Yeah, it should be simple,
but they don't listen to the question.
Right.
I got, because Little Eva died Friday, poor Little Eva,
19th, but was she?
She was 59.
Right.
It was 1999.
That's old enough.
Little Eva Boyd from, uh,
Locomotion fame.
And also there was another star song that she did,
with the, uh, I think it was with the cookies.
I said, don't say nothing bad about my baby,
and there was a song called Chains.
Okay.
That was a hit with Little Eva and the cookies.
See, these people are right to buy.
It was there.
They're not old farts like me.
They don't remember who was the best all time recording artist
who was not a big star.
Now when we say not a big star,
that, that subjective.
And obviously we, the three of us will make a decision.
But being a boy won't be making too much of a decision,
because what does he know before like 1996, you know?
Right.
You might need to spend a now or explaining the criteria.
Okay.
That's a good time.
No, no, seriously.
I think it's pretty.
Well, let me give the list we got so far.
Little Eva, Rest in Peace, Karl Perkins, Rest in Peace.
Huh?
Courtesy, pretty.
And this isn't one hit wonder.
We've done that before.
They could have had one hit or like a whole bunch,
but not big stars like Elvis and like the doors.
You know what I'm saying?
I understand it.
You understand it?
We all understand it.
It's fairly simple.
Somebody who was like a lesser light,
but somebody who really loved him was your favorite
all time recording artist who wasn't a big star.
Anybody can say, oh, the Beatles were the best
of the doors or Elvis.
Or, you know, Elton John.
Little Eva, Karl Perkins, courtesy and Tate Bush is George's choice.
Everything would George, how is comes back to Bush?
Except, yeah, except politics, except them.
And my case is that politics and medicine and, and those.
I get your share.
Okay.
Talk to your sister.
Mm-hmm.
That's right.
Enjoy it with great relish or glimm's.
Watch out for that mustard gas.
Yeah, I'll use a freedom brand.
Oh, and the, uh, in the, uh, national post
and the right wing national post this morning here.
Look at this Middle East weapons stockpiles.
Guess who's got by far in the Middle East,
the most dangerous stockpile of weapons of mass destruction.
I don't want to say, oh, oh, 100 to 200 nuclear warheads.
Yeah.
And of course, they've got the capability,
the capability of delivering them.
But they would never, you know, like occupy or, uh,
shut up or anything.
27 past nine at five sixty WQM.
If your bald spot is getting to you guys,
if you realize that it makes you look older,
and you starting to think maybe you're a little bit like Mo.
Not nobody's that old, but you're starting to look like that.
Well, here's the answer for you.
Don't put on a certain looking piece like he does.
Get yourself a great looking natural looking head of hair
and look better and younger than you ever thought you could again.
With a natural hairline system from my one and only good buddy,
Charles Alfieri, or from the one and only.
He's been around doing it for over 25 years for guys,
whether they're millionaires or shleppers like Carlos
or in between because no matter how much cash you've got,
you can't get anywhere at any price,
a better looking head of hair.
So get rid of that bald spot forever
and get you some real great looking hair
that looks like it's run out of your scalp.
That's the key.
And you have nothing to lose but the ugly shiny bald spot
because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee.
After 30 days, if you don't love the way it looks and feels,
if you're not getting hit 15, 20, 30 times a day,
Charlie give you a full refund.
No questions asked.
Be sure to mention my name when you call
because you'll get next to 200 bucks off the regular price
when you mention the old poor did you call.
Here's that toll free number, 1-800-321413.
These days, everybody in the world is trying to pel you hair
and all kinds of pills and crap and quack rig.
This is for real.
This is the MS.
Call today and get your hair back and look great.
1-800-321413 or check them out on that wicked worldwide web
at CharlesAlphiere.com.
My name is Paul.
This is 4356.
You weigh it.
You weigh it.
You fudge back him?
Here.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, now pack to be fed.
Come cook sand, take all the money that I've made.
And while you're at it, all it been.
Two at and so, two injuries.
Just take my firstborn baby.
Now I'm taking these dark shuns.
I'll be your king again.
Welcome.
Find some tax loophole.
Just make those resources the IRS.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, now pack to be fed.
Pack my dog, pack my freaking two pay.
Pack my patience, pack my sanity.
Yeah, I'm gonna lose it anyway.
I ain't gonna be cheap that thread a day.
932 a chair with you.
What are not April 15?
Get with it, right to check.
Okay, let's get, we're gonna do screenless on this.
Because Beena Boy's got about 400 stories that he's got to put on a website.
So we'll do screenless on this thing today.
And look at the phone, man.
Is that lit up or what?
I can see it.
Who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star?
And we only put like four of money to give the audience a chance to like fill this list up, right?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Oh, one other thing before I do that.
Ben Russell writes in the UK Independent newspaper in Article U.S. Warren's series
Not to Provide Haven for Wanted Iraqis.
Although I don't get too nervous about the series of business because there's another article
from today's Guardian in England, Bush veto is Syria war plan.
And the essence of the article I'm not gonna read is that Rumsfeld had it all set up
and all ready to go on the drawing board.
And because of the fact that they got their hands full with Afghanistan in Iraq now,
I'm trying to put the pieces back together.
And we got an election about a year and a half away.
The Bush Miketer says, I don't think so, not yet.
It wouldn't be expedient at this time, as Bob Green would say.
U.S. Warren's series Not to Provide Haven for Wanted Iraqis is this article.
But in the end of the article it quotes, Lawrence Eagleberger,
who was the Secretary of State under Bush senior, under Papa Bush.
And this is what Lawrence Eagleberger said.
If George Bush, Jr., George W., decided he was gonna turn the troops loose on Syria
and Iran after that he would last an office for about 15 minutes.
In fact, if President Bush were to try that now, even I think he would, let me try it again.
In fact, if President Bush were to try that now, I think he would, I'll see the rest of this is chopped off.
Okay, let me read it from inside the article.
Okay? All right.
If he was, were to try that now, even I think he would ought to be impeached.
You can't get away with that sort of thing in this democracy. I think they left the word out.
But anyway, you get the essence of it.
Lawrence Eagleberger was the Secretary of State under Papa Bush, says he would try that now, he ought to be impeached in fading Syria or Iran or both.
How do you like that?
This is some kind of pink or liberal fact.
This is the guy, this big fat guy with a glasses we've seen a million times on TV with a fat paste, who says he ought to be impeached if he tries that.
He would last an office 15 minutes.
I guess he doesn't understand the gullibility of the American public and the willingness, the desperation of the media to just suck up and go along and, you know, look at this, they got all of this stuff.
Yeah, they do.
In fact, I'll tell you what they got.
They've got huge stocks of Syrian mustard gas and VX. They've got research and development capabilities and maximum range of 500 kilometers, which is 300 miles.
But then all the countries in that region have got all kind of Egypt stocks of mustard gas nerve agents, a small scale, a scale capability, small smell.
Iran, two new reactors of boosted development stockpiles of nerve blister and blood agents. Maybe they even got some of that mustard gas blister agents from too much gouldens.
56670560.560 on the AT&T line QAM. Hello.
Yes, sir. Yes.
So, how's Conway, Twitter?
Conway, Twitter was okay. He wasn't a big star.
That's kind of Yahoo.
Yeah, that really is very Yahoo.
But he was good.
And don't forget it's only Maple Leaf.
This is true.
Okay. Thank you so much.
That's it. That's our only call for the pool today.
Hey, I thought this would go over big.
It's a little bit of a change. It's something, you know, what you want to dwell on is the depression and everything.
Oh, there's that Mike weird that Canadian one of masters even through the lean.
Oh, God. They introduced him before the start of the hockey game last night.
So they were going to cheer the Raptors down here, Canada center.
What was with this golf all four papers here in Toronto yesterday on a front page full color pictures of Mike where he won the golf tournament with his green jacket.
Something wrong with this world. Okay. So you haven't noticed.
56670560.
WQIM.
Hey, yes, sir.
How about Gordon Lightfoot?
You really like Gordon Lightfoot?
Well, I think he was a non big star who been around for a while.
Well, let me repeat the question again.
Okay. I don't want to influence you.
Now listen to me.
Who was the best all time recording artist who was not a big star?
Would you say he was the best? Who was not a big star?
I thought he'd be.
No.
Okay. Thanks.
That was easy.
So thank you, sir.
Nice try.
But I would see if I could just convince the audience to do everything else that easily.
I'd have like put them in the disciples out there.
That's right. That was a piece of cake.
I guess he just suck it up because Gordon Lightfoot is Canadian, eh?
And he's still alive.
That's bad news.
I mean, that's the news.
What do you mean?
566705.
What?
He never stole a freight train or a sinker ship.
Interrupting again, Carlos. You know what I said?
I don't know.
I thought he said WQIM.
Me and what's up? How you doing?
Yes, sir. How you being?
Great.
Was that his call? Wait, that was it?
No, that was it.
No, I think it is now.
It's called waiting sign.
Don't be so negative.
Okay. And I got to call yesterday.
It was right.
Georgia is so damn negative.
God.
WQIM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Jim Krochi?
Well, now that's the bait of all.
I think Jim Krochi was one very well known.
Now, a lot of hits.
Yeah, he had a lot of hits.
He was pretty big.
He was great.
Thank you.
I never made my day.
He was too big.
Right.
A big star.
Big star doesn't mean like Elvis Presley and the Beatles.
I mean, a big star means like more than one hit.
Right, and a whole bunch of hits.
Got a great one.
No, and he died an early agent at plane crash.
And we're very sorry about that.
And he's trying to call the operator, but he was busy.
It was great.
I love Jim Krochi.
In fact, somewhere there, you've got a whole bunch of Jim Krochi stuff.
Sitting right there. Don't take it out though.
Okay.
I don't want to start playing music again.
And that's when they really get nervous.
When we start playing music on that show, they've ham moves.
You can hear the sounds of the clattering footsteps.
Is they raced in the door?
Is they heaved their radios into the guy named nearest body of water?
Even in the turlis.
There they go.
WDQIM.
Yeah, good morning.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
When is this?
You know, it's funny.
One of these days, these American people are going to wake up and look back.
When exactly, everybody?
Yeah, I do.
Yeah, he makes me wonder.
Well, market on a calendar.
You know, here we had a coup d'etat.
The state of Florida was the pivotal state.
Right.
It just so happened that the president's brother wrote the Pax Americana, which was one of the authors.
And here we have his state is the one that's the pivotal state.
Right.
I mean, this whole thing started in 1991, just like he said.
And don't forget it was there people on the Supreme Court who decided, oh, we don't want to count any more votes.
Exactly. They had to get their guy in there, no matter what happened.
By Hooker by Cook, the commuter in here.
They went after Clinton because they had discredited him as well as the Democratic Party so that they could do this.
And now they're talking about going after Syria and Iraq.
I mean, when are the American people going to wake up?
But unfortunately, we've got a media that, like they're saying, is running around cheerleading.
Anyway, I appreciate it.
Neil, I'm listening every day.
Thanks, pal.
Good luck, you're off.
By the way.
Thanks.
Bye.
56670560.
Wow.
Tom 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
What do you say to him, Roxette Randi?
Is that what he said?
Something like that.
Sure, that's what he said.
W-Q-A-M.
Morning.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing great.
Great. Love your show, man.
Thanks for the voice of reason.
And I hope people in this country wake up fast.
I don't think it's going to happen.
Sure.
How about Frank Zappup for the poll?
Frank Zappup was a marginal recording artist.
Oh, brilliant.
He's brilliant at it.
No, no, I'm not questioning.
Was he brilliant?
I'm saying, what do you say, George?
He wasn't a big star.
OK.
OK.
The question is, OK.
So I like the long part.
You've got to win.
Thanks.
Thanks, man.
Frank Zappup.
Dr. Mick, we want to play Bobby Brown.
Good fact.
Huh?
Yeah.
And then also, what's the one about the, well, we'll get to it.
The one that I'm always playing about little, uh, little video.
Oh, yeah.
Little video.
I just know it'll be.
Yeah, just a little bit of that.
And I know that's, uh, some Frank Zappup song that it's a takeoff on.
But I'll do that again for another.
Yeah, let's do that.
And then we'll just play it over and over again.
And then I'll read that other story in between over and over.
And then it'll take us right up to one o'clock.
What the hell did I do with that story?
Well, that's right.
You sent me this other, all this other good stuff about village, village voices.
If you only read one story on our website today, village voices by Mark Markopolis
and the Chapel Hill news, it's, I'm, I am going to read it again.
Don't let me forget.
Okay.
And again, and again, and again.
It's all right there.
There's nothing complicated about it.
And then of course, combine that with a thing about the, uh, the oil pipeline through Syria.
What did I tell you long ago?
And I don't know squat.
Okay.
All I do is try to read stuff on the internet.
Read a few books.
O-I-L-M-O-N-E-W-E-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N
O-I-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N-E-W-N
33-start poppin' some ol' emin' in your pussy' today for Better Health Right Away
I'm a fighter in the local, CCC's five cities, the radio's all yours now, Q-A-M
Hey there, people I'm bobbing brown, the sea on the queue is boy and down, my car is fast, my teeth is shining, I tell all the girls they can kiss my hands
Here I am, I'm at a famous school, I'm dressed in sharp and I'm acting cool, I got a cheerleader here, I want to help with my faith, well, let it do all the work and maybe later I'll leave the role of God, I am the American Dream
I do not think out too extreme, but I'm handsome, son of a bitch, the role of getting a good job and be real rich
Get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get
a good, get a good, get a good, get a good, get a good looking doll, get a good looking doll, get a good look, get a good look, get a good, get a good, get a good look, get a good, get a good, get a good picture of音 a byer, and for your into the big yell it's good Since you're a Kingsman exorcist i'm deaf you can't be a Huffer or Bad Moon wow
And none of the jocks can even tell I'm a homeowner
Eventually I'm being a friend
Sort of drifted along as the SNM
I can take about an hour on the tower of power
Along as I guess a little boom
The child with all of God I am the American dream
With a spindle of my butt till it makes me scream
And I'll do anything to get ahead
I'll lay awake nights and say a thank you friend
Oh God, oh God, I'm so fantastic
Thanks to Britty, I'm a sexual stash
Together name is Bobby Brown
Watch me now, on who's down
And my name is Bobby Brown
Watch me now, on who's down
And my name is Bobby Brown
Watch me now, on who's down
All right, 948 and 560 W to come
So Pat, you can't have made a really good point yesterday
And his tie-way to against this Syria business
He said, you know, they're talking about wow
You know, some of the Iraqi leaders escaped into Syria
And they're harboring them
How about after W to 2, where do the Nazis all go?
Most of the bigger ones that were still alive
They were in Argentina, right?
And he said, well does that mean we should have invaded Argentina?
Hey guess what Pat is still not too late
I mean what, and what kind of lack of logic are we talking about?
You know, but we got that pipeline, is we'll need that oil, man
Argentina has oil
In addition to which then we really screw over to Ruskys too
Because they wouldn't go along with the program
Don't forget you're either with us or are against us
And while present they're coming here and made
Meet with Jean Critchand with Froggy Boy
And Froggy says, that's okay, I'll go play golf with Bobby
He's a lot of Drelzer who ever is keeping track of this list
But Arthur Drel, and I guess they must have been really obscure
Nobody knew their name
Arthur Drel, and Drel
Drel, Dregs?
Here's Kay who says, whoever Kay is, he says
I understand today's question, which is why my choice will be Gibberdo Sullivan
But since I can see you rolling your eyes over that suggestion
And you probably won't put them on list, so I can also suggest Todd Runrin
Well I'll tell you what Kay, we put a both on there, I'm not rolling my eyes at all
You know, once upon a time we had a bit on Gibberdo Sullivan, you know
Remember that?
A bit?
A bit, not a bit, yeah, a bit
A bit?
I think it's probably on the ACN thing
Well, it's not important
So we put Todd Runrin on there and Gibberdo Sullivan
Dada Dada Dada Dada dada
What's the name, that song?
Starwhade Habib
That's it!
I think it was by Arthur Drel, Inata Belgian
Okay put that on the floor
Okay what are we going to do?
We got Little Eva, Carfalperkins, Curtis Leakey Boysh
Conway, Twitty, Frank Zappa, Gilbert O'Sullivan, Todd Rungren, Archie Bell, and the Drells.
Get it right, you silly people out there.
WDQ-YM.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
I have a suggestion for your poll, sir.
Okay.
Harry Connick Jr.
You like Harry Connick Jr.?
Well, my wife turned me on to him.
I think he's, I've seen him in concert as a fantastically accomplished musician,
both jazz, classical, and standards.
And he has a fantastic voice.
What do you like his style of music?
Because another thing, but the guy's a little old-fashioned, even for an old fart like me.
It's a little old-fashioned, kind of like a retro thing, you know?
Yeah, if he was born 50 years earlier,
nobody would have known who Frank Zappa was.
Right, that's right.
In fact, if it wouldn't have been for the guy with the gun,
nobody would have known who Frank Zappa was.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Harry Connick Jr.
You got it.
If somebody write these down, or I would just talk to myself.
Yeah, I'm right.
So let me read this article by the guy from the Chapel Hill news.
I'm serious.
I'm just even after reading that, after verbalizing it,
it's all right there.
Thought lengthy, you don't have to sit and read like thousands and thousands of pages.
Although, after he does make reference again to PNAC,
the Project for New American Century,
which we've talked about till I'm blue on a face on this show,
and a lot of other people have written about.
Although you won't hear nothing about it on TV,
on your talking head channels, on your network news,
they don't know from PNAC.
They don't know from PNAC, New Jersey, much less PNAC.
And you probably will want to look that up.
And then one of the best places to find more about that,
but they've got their own website,
which they'll tell you what they're all about, which is really scary.
They've got their whole objective,
their whole policy message in there.
But the prisonplanet.com,
that that is that what it's called prison planet.
Right.
Is it dot com or dot org?
Well, I'll tell you momentarily.
Dot com, like I said,
okay, see there goes trying to correct me again.
I got one thing right.
You straight up prisonplanet.com.
They got plenty of stuff you can read about PNAC,
et cetera, and so on.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQ I am.
Hello, hold music.
Have a good party.
We're on hold.
We're on hold music.
No, thanks WQ I am.
Yes, good morning, the all right.
Sure, morning to you.
I'm about kind of burned out in material about that actual president
in the unprovoked war.
Yeah, I would like to add a name to your right ahead.
This Maxine Nightingale.
Maxine Nightingale.
Yes, she did a, it was a feat one of the featured songs in that
Paul Newman movie, a slap shot.
Okay.
I think it was right back what we started from.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's pretty obscure.
All right.
Okay.
Thank you, my friend.
Okay, Neil.
Thank you.
You got it.
Bye-bye.
Maxine Nightingale.
You got it.
Got it.
Here's from Paul and Everd listener.
In fact, world opinion of US and the word self, I realized you're
against the war, but I thought it would be nice to have this red on the
ear or even just for you in George to read off the you're still a big
fan.
It says God help us Rick Sanchez is coming back.
What is this Tony Parsons of British journalist appeared in London
newspaper.
I hope the continent of Europe never again eats up from the US.
Johnny, Johnny, I didn't tax the entire other three pages.
What is it?
What was the essence of it?
Oh, about the 3000 dead murdered and so on.
Yeah, about 9 11.
Let me say it again.
I hate to break the news to you Paul big fan or not, but 9 11 has got
nothing to do with what we're doing right now.
Okay.
If that has something to with the war on terrorism, then it leaves me limp.
It leaves me a wonder.
See because the terrorist organizations in the world, even though many of
them have been funded and assisted by various countries, including our
ran in Syria and Iraq and many, many others and Saudi Arabia, especially.
It's not countries that were fighting.
In fact, isn't that what we said in the beginning of one of the problems of
the war on terrorism is that it wasn't just a country that we're after.
Right.
It was after a bunch of isolated people with cells and all these different
countries, 60 plus countries all around the world.
And we certainly can't go in, invading 60 plus countries, although the
way things are going, we're here and maybe that's on the agenda.
Who's that?
Maybe that's, huh?
Who says we can't?
Well, we can work on it.
So you better pray that double taxes since it's the 15th.
You better play double what you're nearly do just to make sure we have a
little bit of cash left over when it's all done.
When we're through invading all 60 countries, then that's just out kind
of that they said had over 60 countries where they have cells.
Very, very scary, gullible and stupid.
And emotional people are don't confuse us with the facts.
Don't force us to read something or listen to the truth.
Just let us get emotional and move on some revenge.
Let's, let's get even okay with all the evil doodles in a world.
Let's find a place on a map somewhere and just to make us feel better
about everything.
We'll go over there and you know what we're going to do if I can find it.
Kill some people.
There you go.
Thank you, Mo.
I knew he'd bail me out.
Hey, do you have $2,000 more on a credit card?
If so, then listen to this.
Dedicated consumer counseling can help you.
It'll cost you nothing.
Dedicated is a nonprofit company.
It'll contact the companies you owe money to and they can
cut your payments in half.
Call this number 1-800-4-NO-DET.
That's 1-800-4-NO-DET.
Dedicated will help you're interest rate, eliminate late fees,
and save your credit and cost you Zippo.
The bank pays dedicated and you pay nothing.
So if you're tired of battling credit card debt,
here's the thing you ought to be doing called dedicated at 1-800-4-NO-DET.
Call and find out how dedicated you help you out.
You've had nothing to lose.
If you've had it with credit card debt,
high interest rates, and late fees,
you've dedicated consumer counseling
a triangle handled all from there.
Call dedicated now.
1-800-4-NO-DET.
Don't forget it.
Cost you nothing.
1-800-4-NO-DET for dedicated consumer counseling.
We're a sports radio 5-60-QAM.
It's me!
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
I'm a Miami town.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan.
Speak English, Meled.
Or you can go back to La Rav.
I came here many years ago.
Where my ABC is.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I say pretty please.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here.
American now stop making mistakes.
Nobody speak English.
Oh, great.
I don't want to cry at 60 WQM happy Tuesday too.
Who's coming up at 1 o'clock to my dogs?
You manage?
Hank Goldberg back from another day off from the sick board.
Is he going to be back today?
Do we know?
We don't know.
While we don't know the Humper, we hope we'll be back today in one piece to your clock.
6-30 you got Marlon's on direct.
Marlon's at the Phillies game two of their Series 7 o'clock tonight 80K after the baseball game.
Joe and Mark overnight.
How about those red ones?
Oh, man.
Three in a row they've lost an eye and they're right on the brink of extinction.
Bricks my heart.
Here's one that says please have the original backdoor man to your pool.
Backdoor man.
Backdoor.
Will he Dixon?
Some of his credits include writing, spoonful, full, eye and superstitious.
I want to make you love to you and bring it on home.
Does that ring any bells with you?
Nope.
Me either, but put Will he Dixon on it?
We're in the end to make everybody happy, okay?
Why not?
Roger Whitaker.
What he says.
Look, they don't what they say.
Oh, darling love.
Remember, darling love?
No.
I do.
All of these get him on there.
Okay, we want to put unless er, Ronnie's specter.
Right.
I thought Ronnie's specter was a member of the crystals, wasn't she?
He, it, she.
Not certainly.
Ronnie's specter was a member of the crystals.
I do believe it.
But let me check.
Check your book.
I got it.
That was a full specter group.
Of course, a full specter by the way did not shoot that chick.
No.
Nah, the crystals were married, Thomas, Dolores, Kilibu, Barbara, Alston, Patty, right?
And why do I think that?
Was it the sure, it was one of those girl groups.
The charelles, the something.
Get out of here.
Get out of town.
I'll find it for you.
All right.
Ronnie's specter is not even in the book.
What do you, it's R.B.
Based on what?
Did she have solo stuff?
That's what I'm asking you.
I don't know.
Well, somebody else will have to clarify that.
I remember Ronnie's specter.
I remember the name.
I remember Bush's specter.
But darling love.
Absolutely.
Darling love you.
Got it.
Tim, you, Timmy Euro.
Who?
T-I-M-I-Y-U-R-O.
I don't know.
I don't have time to look all of these up and some have never had a big hit.
And that's part of the thing.
Anyways, isn't it?
That's from Alan, our lawyer, buddy.
So he ought to know something.
So this is Ronnie's specter.
It's good enough for me.
Ronnie's specter.
Got it.
I wrote N and I-E.
Got it.
Who's writing all of these down?
Me and that were...
It's a mutual.
The peanut butter boy's got 400 stories to put on their bedtime stories.
Yeah, but I got to email them to...
Here are how about Rupert Holmes, the peanut collada, the finger collada song.
Nice.
See now again.
Now, why are you doing this to me, people?
Why do they do this?
And then we didn't got somebody who...
You know, they're always got to have a little critique.
Didn't you say in the past that these types of popular opinion polls are better phrased?
Who is your favorite as because best is too subjective?
I have said that, but in this particular case, I originally had it who was your favorite.
And then I thought to myself, well, that's, I don't know, I'll have a list of 6,000 people in.
Who is the best?
They don't mind up to say them anyway, right?
Knit pickers.
Knit pickers.
But this one fact here, Alex, he says,
Hi, George, you rule when you listen to her.
What does somebody like you?
So obviously he's all screwed up.
Rupert Holmes, Christopher Cross, Leo Sair and Ambrosia.
Well, that's four.
They were all big though.
Rupert Holmes?
Not Rupert Holmes, but Chris...
Well, that must have been less...
Well, let's put Rupert Holmes, okay. Rupert Holmes, you got it?
Got it.
Somebody says Van Morrison.
Was Van Morrison a little bit too big for this?
Yeah, Van Morrison was too big.
He's not of skewer.
No, brother, girl was huge.
Big star in Ireland, it's his but not in the US.
I disagree with him.
That brown-eyed girl was very big.
The old brown-eyed girl.
That's what Ricky Martin said.
Hey, look at old...
Didn't he do a moon dance, too?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Van Morrison were the same.
Ronnie Specter, what is it, father of me?
Ronnie Specter was a member of some group, okay?
The girl group.
If it wasn't the...
The sherelles, it was another group.
Do I have to look up all the girl groups now?
Yeah.
Thank God I got my 40 pound book here.
Somebody, you know what, since we're doing screenless, I bet just somebody knows.
Ring the phone right now.
I'll get to them, just relax, okay?
Just, you're in such a good mood.
Oh, God, they're in hurry.
What's the big hurry?
The hurry.
And those heavy-duty doggy uppers again.
Give some to Dave of Van Borin to Marlon's announce that we could use them.
Let's see, the sherelles.
Shirley Owens, Austin.
Beverly Lee, Doris Kenner, and Eddie McEars.
I wonder if Doris Kenner is really the Chris Kenner.
Because he liked it like that.
How about Chris Kenner?
All right.
See how I fell into that?
I love Chris Kenner.
In fact, I might even vote for Chris Kenner.
The name of the place is I like it like that.
See this is for all us old folks.
All you other punks.
Where's your stuff?
Where's your stuff?
As Markey Mark would say, where's your stuff?
That was a great movie, by the way.
There was.
It was.
It was a very hysterical movie.
All right.
And then of course he had that stump, the gigantic stump penis there at the end of the movie.
Yeah, it was amusing.
Bert Reynolds seemed to like it.
And actually, you know, I hate to say this.
Bert Reynolds was good in it.
He was good in that movie.
He was good.
He was perfect for what's that?
He was just on the bat line.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, geez, I didn't know it was going to be on the electric radio.
Oh, it's suds.
Well, why not?
Ronnie Spector, the Ron etch.
Isn't that what I just said?
Oh, I think I said something about the crystals.
No, I said the crystals.
Well, Ronnie and Ron etch.
I guess I must be pretty stupid, huh?
Good ale.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
So I hate that.
Oh, how are you doing?
Oh, I'm doing fine.
I'm holding laundry.
Oh, excellent.
Yeah.
Okay, well, that's all I had now.
Too bad you can't get my digital cable from up here.
I'd love to drive in movie channel.
You know what?
I told you what I want.
I want the real, much music back.
Yeah, I got that.
And also you'd have enjoyed the Gene Autry cereals
that I was watching this morning on movie-ola TV.
Oh, it's time I want to get you depressed.
Cool, baby.
Okay, back to La Caja Fools.
Okay, see ya.
Thanks.
Here's Soud's Coleman for your ladies and gentlemen.
Formerly, Eric and Souds are going to be doing morning-star next Monday on QAM.
If we can't get the Racky Information Minister,
we're having a hard time locating him, tracking him down.
I even got a big bedtime story about him today,
which will be on our website.
Kind of cute.
Here it is from Iraqi mouthpiece to Internet icon.
This is great.
It's on the CBS website.
He bemused the West with his litany of claimed victories over coalition troops
and amused Arabs with his bottomless dictionary of insults.
Iraq's Information Minister hasn't been seen for days,
but he's hardly disappeared.
Mohamed Saeed Al-Sahaf is the star of a website
that's created his Pope admiring fun at his doggy defense
of Saddam Hussein's regime and his skewering of opponents
from the standard infidels to the pop culture savvy super-power-of-all-compone.
The site, we love the Iraqi Information Minister.com.
We love the Iraqi Information Minister.com.
He collects the most memorable insults he used to castigate the US in Britain.
Operators had a shut it briefly,
fried it and switched to more powerful computers because of storing visits to the site.
How do you like that?
Wearing a constant smile and armoured fluent English and Arabic,
also Hothelf held daily court in front of dozens of reporters
as the Iraq crisis intensified.
It's got a list of some of his favorite sayings.
My feelings as usual, we will slaughter them all.
God will roast their stomachs and hell at the hands of the Iraqis.
We will welcome them with bullets and shoes.
We will push those crooks, those mercenaries, back into the swamp.
We went into the airport and crushed them.
We cleaned the whole place out. They were slaughtered.
They have started quickly to commit suicide under the walls of Baghdad.
We will encourage them to commit more suicides quickly.
They're not even within 100 miles of Baghdad.
The site expresses disappointment.
And also Hothelf was omitted from the deck of cards as you'd fried it by the US military,
depicting 55 regime figures sought by the coalition.
We're now stunned to hear that he wasn't important enough to have been honored
with the inclusion of his increasingly popular and the death pack, they said.
Well, we like him.
We love the Iraqi Information Minister dot com.
When in doubt check it out.
As a matter of fact, we have it opening in the sales department, don't we?
It's too important to be in sales. He's got to be heard and the spoken word, okay?
Mornings, mornings with, I like it. The Iraqi Information Minister and suds.
Sounds good to me.
So Ronnie's spectre from the Ronets.
I thought about the one that said that.
Both of us find the ones that are on that same story.
Yeah, same story.
Love the Ronets.
In fact, you got a disc right there with the Ronets.
No, right? No.
WQAM?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's the, uh, uh, the Ronets, the Ronets, the Ronets?
Who was it?
The Ronets.
The Ronets?
One that's the Ronets, the Ronets, the Ronets.
The Ronets were.
I'll look it up in a book.
And some people think that I'm overpaid.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a GAT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
The words were still in the ear.
They were still, my words were still swirling around between Toronto and South Florida.
And yet, somehow, as usual, falling on deaf ears.
WQAM?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like me.
Mariko.
Okay.
Why is it that your people just can't control themselves?
Why are they so stupid?
They're talking about their Iliana rosanna, then a blow up doll.
They make me sick.
Some of them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a GAT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Just like that song that we're singing that song about, what making me sick?
You silly.
WQAM?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You tell me if this qualifies.
Okay.
Someone that's known as in a famous group went on to a solo career.
Yeah.
You love him.
He's Canadian and he bond in his solo career.
Yeah.
Burton Cummings.
Burton Cummings.
No.
No.
Everybody knows Burton Cummings was the lead singer to guess who everybody.
Well, you can't say he was obscure, but he was Canadian, eh?
Hey.
No, he was no like weird.
He didn't bond in his solo career.
George and Siste didn't bond.
Well, he certainly wasn't like big like with the, I guess, no.
Now, he was too important, but thanks anyway, I love the guess who.
Thank you.
Burton Cummings, great boys.
Wonderful.
We love him, eh?
But then qualifies.
Yeah, one big hit as a solo.
What was that?
Stan Tall.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Well, you remember starting to kick in again?
Good thing, because my bad, well, that thing was embarrassing.
So I think, uh, well, see, I said the crystals in a way.
I mean, I meant the Ronits.
I meant the Ronits.
Okay.
But it was kind of difficult to figure it out since her name was Ronnie Specter.
Yeah.
And the group was named after her.
It's a bit of a reach.
You know, I'm busy watching the CBC.
We ought to put on the BBC for a moment.
Don't you think?
Just for one moment here.
Just to hear him talk.
I don't largely fail to speak to in the prelude in the run out, the weeks running up to this
war.
It is they who may hold the secrets to whatever's out there.
Interestingly, this was the first briefing to my knowledge, the first briefing in three
weeks or three and a half weeks in which there was no reference to any exchanges of gunfire.
So clearly, another indication that as far as the military here is concerned, combat,
real combat is over.
Well, thank goodness for that.
Okay, let's stop killing everybody.
Sounds like a good idea to me.
I just mentioned that in passing.
You can examine it in your own mind, party booth.
In your own conscience, if you have one.
Join the big, the Sep No No No 2 for the McDonald's Tax Relief Day at $62.04 Miramar Parkway
just west of $441.
Buy one item, get one more of the same item for just a penny.
And the big go will give you the penny, even.
I don't even like that.
Plus, while they last a pair of Marlon's tickets as well, what's not to like?
You go out and get to go out there and see the big fat, big go.
And they get you a penny on the second item.
McDonald's Tax Relief Day with a big, oh, on Miramar Parkway west of $41.
Of course, everybody knows what big fans we are.
McDeath, I'm going to make a McDonald's on this show, don't we?
Sure.
In fact, I can check one of the cartoons on our website.
And they'll see Ronald McDonald stand there with the,
the person who's on the used to be in the bag dad, right?
That big statue with Ronald McDonald.
Now, let's hear it.
Oh, we'll get him one way or the other.
Hey, listen, if you're in a really dead end job like the Iraqi Information Minister,
and probably don't have as many offers as he's going to get, here's the deal.
Call our friends at FastRain and get yourself trained for a real good
career.
Call Tool Free, one, eight, six, six, fast train, and get out of your dead end job,
get started a new, great, paying computer job.
That's the answer for it.
That's the Akats Miao.
So here's the deal.
Call them right now, Tool Free, and one, eight, six, six, fast train.
They'll spend you how it works.
And in just four sure a month, they can give you complete training.
And you can start getting a big fat one to take home and a paycheck too.
FastRain offers convenient day, evening, weekend classes.
And you can check them out on the web if you like it, fast train.com.
One of the best parts of the deal is, no matter where you live,
it'll be convenient for it because they have locations all over town.
They're in Miami, Kendall, Pembert, Pines, and Fort Lauderdale.
So there's bound to be one close by where you live.
Register at FastRain.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker
and wave it into Breeze as proud as you can and the bumper sticker too.
Call FastRain today and get you a great new, high-paying computer career
called one, eight, six, six, fast train.
I am your assistant for 2021.
You way, yeah.
Wood can't keep his packer in his pants.
If G would be quite a feat, even for Jesus.
So here's the question, what would Jesus eat?
Swiss cheese, posits holy, miracle whip.
He'd have no other.
Thomas's English muffins, dougas, virgin bloody Mary.
John or his mother.
Lucky charms.
You guys are supposed to sing because he cured the leper cons.
He didn't actually cure leper cons.
What he did was he cured leper cons.
Not leper colonies.
Oh, I must have colony.
You must have read that this is nothing's any different.
Lepper food.
Okay, here.
Angel food cake.
That's better.
Devil ham.
No way.
Hearts of pym.
Tell us more on ice cream.
Make us like a palm all the time.
Yeah, he's screaming at Sunday.
Yes.
All right, that's what Jesus wanted.
Thank you, move buddy.
Bye, oh man.
And I'm going when he went to buy his groceries.
He'd redeemed coupons and all the stores employees.
And he would cross frame to get all trim and fit.
And one thing that he would not eat.
He would not eat shit.
Shut your mouth.
Talk about Jesus would need.
He even cheeseburger.
Imparadized chicken alacan.
Hold the alapop.
Yes, chicken.
What?
Hope yes, chicken.
What do you mean?
No, I think he means Popeyes chicken.
Popeyes.
Oh, Popeyes.
All right.
Did I do that again?
I missed red flag.
He was a carpenter, but their diet would not do.
Caron carpenter's dieting proved it isn't good for you.
He wouldn't eat just a proof.
He was a real man.
And since he was raised Jewish, he'd have to pass on the heavenly ham.
That's what Jesus would eat.
Here's the show.
The Hollywood Chronicle.
What a good facts.
Who says my vote is for Mata Hoopal.
No fame outside of Bristol.
David Boy wrote the song called All Young Dudes.
Which is sadly the only song from them you'll hear on the radio.
Remember Mata Hoopal?
I sure do.
Mata was a guy.
Them.
Okay.
Mata Apple Jews, I wonder if Jesus would drink that.
My favorite obscure artist is John, who was a man.
John Miles, who had a modest hit called High Fly in the mid-70s.
I hate those high flies.
You have to reach up to try to unzip them.
Although a great writer and musician, he packed it in and now plays the guitar for Tina Turner.
Anyway, thank you, Sean, whatever you're saying there.
What do we put down Mata Hoopal?
Them.
We're doing groups.
Just after that.
Yeah.
A recording artist.
Isn't a group recording artist?
Well, this implies an individual.
Is Archie Berlin the Drell's an individual?
That's right.
I should have met him.
No.
Archie Bell is.
Hmm.
So what do we got so far?
And I don't think we should put the thing up on there, Eric, until about 1230.
And I'll tell you why.
Because when we do these ones that we're compiling, compiling, compiling, compiling, it's really a show.
A lot of times people will vote and then later on because you can't change your vote.
And since it is so very important.
I mean, you know, and even I'm not really sure which way I'm going.
Well, what I'm going to vote for.
Leon Redbone somebody says many of your bits sound like him.
The one you just played about.
Nobody speaks English as a matter of fact.
Well, there you go.
Leon Redbone.
Get him on it.
You'll Redbone.
Gino Vanelli.
And on this fact, okay, I got it.
Don't get sarcastic.
Now it says PS Ronnie Spector was in the run.
It's hence the name.
Get it.
Get a little car stick.
It's sarcastic now.
My bad as George would say, but I'm saying it first.
Here's one that says, I'm glad that the war is settling down in Iraq.
Now hopefully we get back to track tracking down Lacey Peterson.
Good point.
They found us.
They did?
You didn't see the news.
It was on MSNBC CNN wall to wall yesterday.
They found Lacey Peterson.
Oh, they found the body and the fetus like washed up on the wall.
But are they sure that it's her?
Not yet positive.
Well, I saw that part of it.
You know, her and the fact that they found a fetus further up the shore.
They're pretty sure that that for some reason that's where it's put on the back burner.
But now seems like the proper time to sell the mystery.
Now that they found the body and the fetus.
Hey, let's let's go for it.
Lacey, whoever the hell she is.
Of obscure favorite artist, Apollonia.
Now he's not talking about the Apollonia from the Godfather, obviously.
No.
Apollonia.
George should know her, too, with Prince for a while.
She had monster teats.
Yeah, she was in the purple rain movie.
Apollonia.
Yeah, get around it.
Says, go, Leafs, go and blues and speaking of that.
And also, what was the other fact that I had about the Leafs?
Do I smit can it?
That's bad.
If I threw it one out about the Leafs and how they got so good and played so great last night.
What in hell was that?
Well, they did play great last night.
Now here it is.
Had a late day says, listen, George, how are they today fight at Bought's Energy last night?
They look lousy in the first two games of the series this time.
Somebody please get some help from Bob Cole, by the way.
He has no idea who's playing who the goalies are with the appendlies are out.
Get some help from all the calling.
Anyway, Gilbert O'Sullivan says, listen, George, alone again naturally.
How can we forget?
Don't remember that?
Yes, of course I do.
No, again, naturally, kind of a simpering.
I'm sure we have.
Isn't it called a clone again, naturally, or something like that?
It doesn't have the DCS right there.
Is it called clone again?
I think it's A clone again.
A, A, A physician.
Ah!
Say, don't look at Brian Finn.
How do you like that?
We got here some of this, not our killer or Sullivan.
It was, that's why.
What do you look like?
Yeah, I think that's enough of that.
Wouldn't we all agree?
That was pretty good.
I like that.
I told you we had a bit about Gilbert O'Sullivan.
Now we don't got no bit.
Now what you said?
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, beena boy, is that what he said?
Of course, beena boy.
How come I don't know?
I don't see that the most important village voices on her yet on the website.
It's the first story.
It is?
Yeah.
I don't see it not on my home, I'm on my thing, it ain't.
Refresh it.
It is Rio.
Refresh it.
Mmm, and it is mild, too.
Okay, underneath all those grotesque pictures that most of you don't want to see
because they're too graphic and grotesque.
There it is, the furt, like I told you, village voices, media failure by this guy from Chapel Hill News.
Sorry.
Told you.
Oh, don't tell me the leaves are going to score again.
In the second OT of Thomas Cabralain, who will be the hero for the leases, he wins it with this gold 4-3, the final, they need the series.
Nice going, Tommy.
Anyway, so we're asking today because we're trying to like, y'all get you away from all this depression.
We're trying to like change the agenda a little bit because we'll get overwhelmed by it.
But all these wars we got come, we got to take care of Syria and Iran.
And we got to worry about Saudi Arabia and Egypt, of course, and Lebanon and in Libya.
Well, and speaking of Libya, I hate to break the news here, but since we're worried about rogue regimes with weapons of mass destruction,
Libya used chemical weapons in Chad in 1987 and was thought to have an underground chemical weapons manufacturing plant
and hundreds of tons of blister and nerve agents.
How do you like that?
And of course we know that's our good, close personal, very responsible friend, Moul Markadafi.
Nice hat.
Nice headgear.
But he's okay since we dropped that bomb, La Bomba.
And killed his kid.
We got him, you know, we go step him into line a little bit.
But they, I mean, weapons of mass destruction, we're talking about even quite a malleye bet scots.
I mean, Honduras and Brazil and Chile and Ecuador, huh? Trinidad.
Naragua.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I just want to sit down.
I got agua.
Ugh.
I'm so glad that I don't hear anybody talking like that here.
And nobody in the media here says,
de cragua.
De cragua.
Nobody says that.
Although once in a while you do hear stuff that reminds you of something.
Well, it's the niente, mejoramiento de la belleza.
Encerogía de modelación.
Get out of here.
You just can't escape it no matter where it is.
Hey, here's something you shouldn't escape.
And that's a great deal waiting for it.
Hell at Pontiac GMC down in the South-Aid.
Because these are the kind of people you'd loved by a car from and they love the Serenewon.
Tom Layman and Joe Prieta, they've been around a long time.
35 years in that same location.
While all the others have come and gone because they know how to treat you right.
And they give you unbeatable deals.
What's not to like?
Here's some great deal deals waiting for you right now at hell at.
Neal deal number one.
Get 0% financing for 60 months on every Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neal deal number two.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate in every new GMC in Pontiac in stock.
I'll say it again because it sounds too good to be true, but it ain't.
Get you up to a $4,000 rebate in every new car or truck in stock at hell at this moment.
And Neal deal number three.
If you're currently a GM smart lease or smart buy customer.
And you drive a Chevy Blazer, Olds, Bravado or GMC Jimmy.
Buy or lease you a new Pontiac or GMC and get an extra $1,000 off the price.
Oh!
Stop by hell and test drive.
You all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix.
It's a great turn no matter how you pronounce it.
Hell at Pontiac GMC 134 or once out of Dixie Highway that's US1.
Across from the falls that notorious location like I said have been doing business over 35 years.
Open every day, seven days a week.
For more information about these Neal deals.
Call the Neal deal hotline tool free.
And 1,885,344,211.
When you call the answer.
Oh, good.
That's 1,885,344,211.
And don't forget on Neal deals.
Accepted credit.
Prove'll see Neal afford details.
Hell at Pontiac GMC can there be any due to voted.
They are professional grades.
Ride in local.
We're sports radio five sixty.
You a.
You a.
Pick the bad date is quitsnith and gloom.
Oh my goodness.
All these shotguns are his declared G-Hard on my call in.
What to do?
I have also suffered from the same disorder.
But Omar, how do you solve such a problem?
It's easy.
Just start your day with a hearty boil of total fruit and fiber cereal.
It is jump packed with vitamins and minerals.
And it has all the essential nutrients that one will need when hiding in a bunker all day.
That is the plan I am putting into action because I am running like a Republican god chased by the first US Marine Division.
Oh, here I go again.
Total fruit and fiber cereal.
Just what you need to stop the G-Hard in your pants.
1031 nothing like having a G-Hard in your pants.
29 to 11 at 5.60.
You have the mad dog coming to one o'clock without red nose of this.
Not a very important story that's on our website that you ought to be taking a look at.
Even though it's very, very depressing.
At time of war, how dare we reduce veterans benefits from the Chicago Suntime?
Won't you read this before the show today?
I sure was and it's nauseating.
Late into the night of March 20th, the US House heard speech after passionate speech in favor of a resolution pro-claiming support for US troops in Iraq.
But offering them nothing substantive.
Minutes after passing that symbolic resolution, Republicans passed their budget calling for a $28 billion cut in veterans benefits in health care with Republicans providing all but one vote.
Let me read that sentence again.
Minutes after passing that symbolic resolution, Republicans passed their budget calling for a $28 billion cut in veterans benefits in health care with Republicans providing all but one vote.
The huge cut was reduced on Friday to $6.2 billion.
The original amount proposed for veterans cuts by President Bush in his 2004 budget.
Is this good news for veterans?
Not unless they want their already eroded benefits cut even further.
Jan Shakowski, who by the way is a Democrat from Illinois is not congressional district, says I find it incomprehensible that a plan to reduce benefits for veterans in Illinois and across the country would even be contemplated at the time when hundreds of thousands of activists, a report produced by the government reform committee Democratic staff concluded that the cuts proposed by the Bush administration would cause.
Over 65,000 Illinois veterans, including estimated 36,000 veterans enrolled at VA facilities in the Chicago area to be denied VA health care or to drop out of the VA system while increasing costs for thousands more.
And it goes on.
Second, President Bush would require the VA to change all priority 7 and 8 veterans now in the system, a $250 annual enrollment fee in order to receive service.
And a third set of provisions would increase co-payments for priority in 7 and 8 veterans who stay enrolled in the program.
It goes on and on, say discussing growth test, nauseating thing.
You see, we don't really care about the troops, but we got to go out there and wave the flag and do this dingoistic bull crap to pretend that we care about the tree that's going on.
Very, very sad.
And it's right there for you to see if you got a brain, even like a little tiny one and a brain too.
It's all right there, there, and funnier, in black, white, and purple and red, as in blood red.
Here's a great fact that I was sitting here at work the other day and the lady I'm friends with, who's from a military family so therefore must be behind a present, sends me an email of photos you won't see on the news.
The pictures were of Iraqis and our troops celebrating in the streets and pictures of our troops in a big circle prayer. It was also touching.
I sent her the link to the pictures of the injured kids on your website with the same pictures you won't see on the news line.
She responded with your such an effing liberal and then he says whoever this fact is since when is being liberal a bad thing?
I went to Webster's and the definition of liberal sounds like a good thing to me. What's wrong with a people in this country?
Well, I'll tell you what's wrong and that is that the right wing is a very successfully over many, many last 20 years or so.
Made the word liberal a dirty word. You freaking liberal, Kami, Pico, tied them together with all those other horrible things.
Liberal, it used to be something to be proud of.
Like the pounding fathers?
Like the pounding fathers and like FDR and all those liberal programs that he started like social security for example that people are praying this about a business.
Right.
Liberal used to be a wonderful thing and like the guy says if you look it up, then they share it is a very good thing.
Progressive, open-minded, baffle, caring, etc.
Right.
This is the same old like I said, it turned the clock back. When you put this guy in a white house, you turn the clock back 50 years to the German Carthy days.
Somebody says it cats Stevens too big.
I don't know, I haven't looked there, but I don't want to.
Yeah, cats Stevens must too.
Huge.
Well, I guess you know, it says in spite of the religious thing.
Don't get started on that.
Okay, don't be knocking him because he's a schmata head now.
What?
Because it's fashionable not to be a schmata head.
It is?
Well, up until Kapuysia.
Here's the fact that says the country is going to hell on a hand basket.
The local Cubans are pissed at WNF.
Real Light, if there was oil in Cuba we'd be there with troops yesterday.
Absolutely corrections.
Rumor has it, support firm is decreasing and even for Ileana Rosanna Dana, Layton in the Cuban community.
How do you like them apples, huh?
Well, that would be nice if it were true.
Well, that's what it says, rumor has it and if it wasn't going around, we'll start spreading it right here.
Okay, all right.
And most important says, Goldeaf school, great, a little time ago.
Nice go on, Polly, baby!
Here's one.
It says, Scott Walker, now.
Now see, Scott Walker, nobody would know who that is except the very few of us, which I
didn't know that, even though I didn't know the run-ets.
Scott Walker was one of the Walker brothers.
Remember the Walker brothers?
Yes.
Love the Walker brothers.
I might even vote for the Walker brothers.
So we won't put Scott Walker, we won't put the Walker brothers, which is the group from,
they weren't English.
Now wait a minute, what does this say?
This is interesting, which is very unusual.
One of the most enigmatic figures in rock history, Scott Walker was known as Scotty
Angle.
When he cut obscure flop records in late 50s, nearly 60s in the teen idol vein, then he
hooked up with John Mouse and Gary Leeds to form the Walker brothers.
They weren't named Walker, they weren't brothers and they weren't English, but nevertheless
became a part of the British invasion after moving to the UK in 65.
Great.
They enjoyed a couple years of massive success in the UK, a couple of hits in the US, and
then they write his brothers vein.
Loneliness, what's the name of that song?
The sun ain't gonna shine anymore, very good.
Very good.
Oh, do I love that song?
I might vote for the Walker brothers.
Thank you, whoever has.
Let's face this in.
Walker brothers were great.
That's back here somewhere too.
And their name wasn't Walker and they weren't from England, so you know, don't nitpick
this one.
I said, but it isn't there somewhere, and I'm sure it is.
It's the only thing I'm missing is being able to reach over and have that great collection.
Although I do have the boys are back in town here with planet for the least win last night,
40 or 50 times, then I'll read that article again and be time to go home.
In case you missed the beginning of the show, shame on you.
Village Voices by Mark McCoplis, first story on our website today and our bedtime stories
under the gruesome pictures that you need to see over and over again and make sure
everybody else sees so they know what war is really all about.
They know that butchery has really been going on big time instead of just seeing pictures
of statues being toppled in these photo opportunities, these stage photo ops to again manipulate
the public mind.
Oh, man, talk about the mesmerization of the masses.
And you wonder why WW2 during all of that stuff going on in German people were goose stepping.
They loved it.
We just went in Czechoslovakia.
We just went into Poland and we're doing this and they loved it.
And afterwards we didn't know anything was going on.
And you want to know why?
Because they were the good people and they were fighting the evil doors.
They were going to take their area in mentality and oppose that to everybody else where they
wanted or not.
Just like Richard Pearl says, we're going to export democracy whether they wanted or not.
Don't see the similarity, huh?
Is that the problem?
Oh, what was your concern?
I'm sure you can do that.
Now, I think the word you're looking for is those were Nazis, those were fascists.
Then think about it.
We'll take too long.
WQAM.
Nobody there online, too.
This is really a shame because we're doing screenless here.
And usually when we do screenless on a thing like that, they keep going, but they're not,
they're not, it's the holidays.
You know, they got to get their peace of the Kee Candy ready for tomorrow.
And they got to get their Easter eggs ready for the Easter egg roll hunt on the front lawn.
And they got to get their crucifix is ready for good Friday.
So we're up against it.
WQAM.
Oh, that's the deadline.
It was a line check.
The good news is it's still dead.
WQAM.
Yes, sir.
Speaking.
Lloyd Price.
Lloyd Price is good.
Yeah, I thought so.
Persona out of you.
Right.
Lloyd Price is excellent.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Have a great day.
Lloyd Price.
You got a personality.
Huh?
It was good.
Not a big, super star.
He was around very long.
See, that's the kind of name we're looking for.
Right.
The Walker Brothers, Lloyd Price, Mata Hoopal, who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star.
And it's all subjective anyway.
The guy that was nitpicking would be on that stuff with my own nitpick.
What difference is it if we say the best of your favorite because it's the same thing?
Would it be?
It's all subjective.
If it's your opinion, if we want my opinion and George's opinion, which nobody cares about anyway, we just give that.
And I still think I might vote for the Walker Brothers.
I love the Walker Brothers.
Their music was a little bit down, you know, a little more about the righteous brothers, but not as depressing.
Well, how could it be?
No.
If anybody says the righteous, well, they were too big.
Thanks.
Nobody knew them until magic started playing every five minutes.
Little Eva Carl Perkins, courtesy Kate Bush, Conway Twitty, Frank Zappa, Gilbert O'Sullivan.
Ta-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
I'm going to be doing this right now. I think what we ought to do tomorrow. Yeah. Is play all the biggest hits from these people.
Okay. Now till like the middle of what? September? Just a joke. Don't get panicky. We're not going to play music. They get hostile. They despise me when I-
No, we don't listen. If we want to hear music, we turn on the- you know. You're right. You're right. You're right. Turn on your CD player. Yeah. I wasn't going to say,
but I saw Florida's music. It may not be good, but at least it's consistent. Do I say 19 before 11 at 5.60? Q.I.M.? I did say that. Do I?
Not really. I think where the bargains are, I crap load them and that's at the Swap Shop. That's right. With over 88 acres, Chock Follow bargains from Indoor and Optor Vendors.
This is the place where the bargains are always waiting for use. The Swap Shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight.
And at night, the Swap Shop has got the world's largest 13 screen drive and movie theater featuring great first-run movies.
A lot of so many people shop at the Swap Shop because no place else can use the millions of dollars worth of brand new brand- they merchandise at flea market prices.
And everything you buy at the Swap Shop is guaranteed. Free admission and free parking seven days a week. And the Swap Shop is the cheapest place in the world to shop every Thursday.
Be a free buyer or a free seller each and every Thursday. Free garage sale space before 5 a.m. and Mondays all day long.
All of these things and lots more waiting for you with the Swap Shop on Sunrise Boulevard between I-95 and the Turnpike call 954791 Swap.
Remember those great days of I-95? Remember that? No. You don't? Of course I do. Before it became Zeta? Yes.
Don't miss the free million dollar freebing circus seven days a week. George is in the smell right now. At the Swap Shop 954 it's probably Carlos 954791 Swap.
My life and love all this is sports rail by city. It just felt like a prick. Roll another plant.
I was going to clean my room until I got hot. I was going to get up and find the broom but then I got hot.
All right. La la la my room is still messed up. And I know why. Why, man. Yeah. Cause like I have. You feel like I have. You feel like I have. La la la.
I was going to go to class before I got hot. Come on. I could have cheated and I could have passed. But I got hot. La la I'm taking a day semester. And I know why. Why?
I was going to go to court. I was going to pay my child support. But then I got hot. No you wouldn't. La la I'm taking my whole paycheck. And I know why. Why?
La la la da da da. I wasn't going to run from the cops. But I was high. I was serious man. I was going to pull right over and stop. But I was high. La la da da. Now I'm a peer up. Please check. And I know why. Why?
La la da da da. I was going to make love to you. I was going to eat your fucks eat you.
La la da da da. Now I'm jagged up. And I know why.
La la da da da. I was going to sing in the song. Because I'm hot. And I'm singing this whole thing wrong.
And I know why. Why? Because I'm hot. Because I'm hot. La la da da da. I love it till 11 at 5.60 WQM. Love the Afro man you know.
Yep, here's the fact is maybe the guy who called after sud seems stupid because he was waiting for something to pick up the phone
I tried twice let her ring about 40 times with no answer. Maybe that's because we're doing screenless
Anyway, Phil's a specter produced the crystals. Isn't that what I said?
Yeah, and I also thought that Ronnie's specter was in the crystals because I forgot about the Ronettes
Just your bad. I mean you are bad
Check out page one column
column one of the Wall Street Journal more information on how the Muslim terrorists all flow from the Saudis that is
Absolutely correct sir
Most of it and of course Paul Kruberman was great today the wars are being used to
Blind some of us to domestic policy, which is tax cut for the bridge and the dissimation of social services
And of course in the meantime all those good oil pipelines baby. Yeah hook up that big American hose
There's nothing like that big American hose. It's stretching all over the it's like a juggernaut runaway snake
That's wrapping its testicles around the entire globe
You got Paul Kruberman's article of course from the New York Times today on our website
Don't we Carlos?
But of course and
Yes, only been faxed for like three times already today
Well, thank you very much, but we always have a Kruberman's commoner like Maureen Dowd and Bob Herbert all those people in New York Times
We appreciate you know the faxes, but if it's obviously something that we're aware of please
We do my homework and speaker homework. How about craft work?
Right excellent group pre-techno pre-rap pre-abrake dancing
You put riffs and mollies. You're still heavily sampled out of that one of the most influential groups ever craft work
Get that honor K-R-A-F-T-W-E-R-K
Rhymes with jurk craft work
Good stuff and raxi has a CD in that studio for years and I finally took it out of there. Yeah, craft work
Crafts work
German by the way. Yes
Roxy music 70s group that included Brian Ferry and Brian Eng the music that musicians listen to raxi music
We got both of those down do we not yes, yes, we do
Speaking of German groups
Here's one that says the big oh i mcdonalds will he be honest with us the big oh no
I like the spot you read for that promo. I know you didn't write it
It says while they last the per marlin stick. It's how long will tomorrow and stick it last and my answer that is depends
I want you stick them
shameless request the black guy singing about smoking pot and drinking cold 45
Which is just why I just played it for you right there, which is why I'm actually
I don't think that was the bit they were referring to
It wasn't crazy rap. I think is what they're talking about
Wasn't this one where he talks about the smoking dope and drinking cold 45
No crazy rap is a drink of cold
Crazy rap is them not playing that right now, okay, but smoking dope is both of them of course
Carls we there's in a corner that is a gigantic um a huge uh thing. I'll take care of it hold on a mussel
There's a gigantic muzzle from the greyhunt track just as put it around his purse George hold still
Just can't quit while he's ahead. You're always pushing always pushing always pushing and also push through hard someday
They're not pushing up daisy prematurely. I just mentioned that in passing
Because you get too many people in that building all bent out of shape
Right audience house on the hill. What do you say never heard of it? You and I it's a beautiful day same name for the album
Is that something of a group? It's a beautiful day. You tell me is it going on there? No, okay
Are you kidding me not if we never heard of it
Let's get sure if we put every obscure group that we never heard of on here. We'll be here to midnight
Probably be a pretty big improvement in some day parts wq. I am
Hello
Hello, yes sir
Yes, boy you got me a star there, buddy. How you doing all right?
How things going over there all right outstanding 83 degrees here today, man
You sound wonderful
I feel wonderful and I look wonderful. Let me tell you something this president push
Uh, yeah, the more he goes the more he talks the scarier he gets mm-hmm
I mean
We're threatening people left and right
Uh, yeah, but don't don't don't worry because they hear the Democrats. They got a great candidate going to run against him next year in Monasha's school
Nick they're gonna bring back
Um, yeah, my phone is breaking on man. Okay. Well, call me back on a phone. It works
He couldn't hear me. He wouldn't know Monasha's school. Nick any of you, but I know it's your laughing
That's a funny name. It is. It's hysterical. Monasha's school. Nick was like
Hermione Gingold
Those real old-yiddish comics from a hundred years ago Monasha's school. Nick and I know and I think that's what we ought to do to make sure that the
Bush gets into the four years since the Democrats have a death wish is run some like you know
I mean, maybe just run Jew Lieberman put like a big star of David on his forehead and put the tallest in the city's the whole deal and the big deal
Colorful skull cap on it to make sure that anybody who wasn't already aware
I mean the Democratic Party is live to differ a long time anymore the American political system is down to one party
You've got to be a public-owned party right wing
Goose steppers and that's it. That's the only political party left Democrats are just spinning their wheels
There is no more Democratic party. They're in ashes. They're in flames. They're flaming
And there's nothing left
Well, I still can't believe that a few days ago. I'm leaving through. I don't remember what newspaper was Nordic America difference
And there's the big article
Democrats now say that they believe Jew Lieberman is their best chance to beat Bush
I mean if that's the best you got forget about it
You know forget about it don't waste the money in the time and effort plus this crowd
I want to have another election anyway, so you know let them have their way
Jew Lieberman he couldn't when dog catcher in sunrise. I'll tell you that right now
He couldn't be elected city commissioner in Hallemale couldn't even be Sunny Rosenberg
Jew Lieberman
Not only is he whiny and wimpy and he just nauseating
But I like him a lot not deputy q. I.m
Neil yes, sir
George Carlos. How are you?
I did skate wanted to make a real quick suggestion on the poll. Yes, sir
Mg. It's excellent green onions man
Absolutely in a whole bunch kind of tight a whole bunch of other ones. They're just fantastic
Okay, thanks
You're welcome and that's an inspiration for the next bit we're gonna play too, you know
Yeah, okay, just relax. We'll get to it
Booker T and the mg. See not too hot not too cold. It's like the porridge, you know
It's like that porridge that was just right and the same with these
Booker T name G's not too big not too obscure like nobody ever heard him and everybody knows their green onions
Don't you love it now? Let me ask you do calm green onions or scallions
scallions
Is there a difference? I don't know
Because I don't even know if there are like real green onions per say I just like yellow onions scallions
There's those great Vidalia onions from Jojo man. Those are great. They're a little sweet. Mm-hmm
Man, I love my onions
In fact every day when I cook up my burgers with a cheese, you know my slice the shaper burgers the frozen ones
Yeah, and I have a nice slice of cheese on there and no
And I slice up a whole bunch of onion and when I'm ready when I've turned the burger over like twice
Like it's about two minutes from a bean done and you put your onions in there like a nice and uh, you know
Man is that good. I love onions. I could like take a vast of onions
Be popular that no cares
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles line. I just do the log away. Oh
Oh
Probably no, it's probably not a good idea since I have to open up and take a look
Huh, well, I'm not that I'm going to hurry to get out here anything
I'll get it is it is a beautiful day
It's much to nice to be sitting here in my nice apartment even though I have a lovely view
It's much too nice to be inside. I should be honest. Let me take a puke at what the temperature is already here today
We're going to break the record by about you know how many degrees we're going to break it by today
almost
Let's see very method pressure is falling. Uh-oh humidity 52% see how different that is from the usual like 90% in some places
I don't want to mention it here
Nice breeze like 38 kilometers, which is 24 about 22 miles an hour to take the a sting out of that heat
Air quality is 17 in a good range and the temperature precipitation
Remember come on. Let's go. Let's go already
Oh the UV is 5.4 in the moderate range
You're following all this writing it down mainly sunny and the temperature in T.O. right now and the GTA is is
1865
66 whatever the hell it is not bad. I on a way to 83 28 Celsius. Can you believe that? Look at you and they're saying on Thursday
You know what the eyes are going to be
Not far off. That's why I said about two degrees at 36 on Thursday
So if you like variety come on up
1057 at 560 WQM got a question for you have two thousand dollars and more on a credit card
Well, let's all listen to this
Dedicated consumer counseling can help you it'll cost you nothing zip it in Uda's zero
Dedicated is a nonprofit company it'll contact the companies you will money to and they can cut your payments in half
Call 1-800-4 no debt. That's 1-800-4 and letters N-O-D-E-B-T
Dedicated will help you interest rate lemonade late fees and save your credit and it costs you zippo
The bank pays dedicated you pay nothing
So if you're trying to battle in credit card debt call dedicated and let them straighten that for you call
1-800-4 and letters N-O-D-E-B-T no debt call and find out how to dedicate a copy out
You've got nothing loose if you've had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees
You have dedicated consumer counseling you're trying they'll be handling it all from there
Call dedicated right now 1-800-4 no debt and don't forget it cost you positively nothing
1-800-4 no debt for dedicated consumer counseling and now the league of
That's your fault
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
And now the league of retarded citizens will promote their edition of green onion don't make fun
They were very hard for this
Oh
Love it 0-2 at 560 WDQ. I am happy Tuesday to I think it normally put the pull up
What do you say that sound good sound good? I'm gonna still add to it
But I think at least that time we get a chance to us start formerly being a little something you know fun
This CBS pull man. This is really scary
There's the US have responsibility to set up a new Iraqi government
Yes, 55% no 39% but the public does not think it's a job. You should take on by itself
69% large majority of Americans think the US should take the views of other countries into account when it comes on deciding how to build rebuild a right now
Just over a quarter save the US should do whatever things is right no matter what other countries think you love that
Over 25% say you go boy you do whatever the hell you think is right and screw everybody else
It's us against the world and we got the Brits and the Israelis thrown in there for tokens, you know for the token support
They're token it
This Bush administration have a plan for rebuilding a right now. Here's an interesting one yes 42% no 45%
Oh, that sounds like an optimistic view
Humanitarian aid the US is doing what it should 68% not providing enough 16% providing too much 9%
Oh, man
And it goes on. Yeah, it's too depressing. We're trying to keep it up today. You know, I'm saying keep it up
Right straight up in the year Rob from PA says Eagle burger
You can't get away with that sort of thing in this democracy question mark. Is he kidding says Rob?
What democracy is he talking about he's talking about the democracy? They used to be the US Rob
Where's he been in the last two years under the bed with the sheepish public and the sheep dog me in this democracy
I'll bet junior could pull it off meaning Syria and Iran and whatever else and I'm afraid you're right Rob
In fact, didn't we just say that a little while ago? Yes, I think you're right. Here's an excellent one for the pool
You put it on there already which one
Many represent I wrote it down loving you. I mean I'd great falsetto
That's a good pull who was the best falsetto singer of all time many represent Frankie Valley
Uh the Gib brothers Gib right I guess that's it
The crusty
What song was that emotional uh something emotional showdown or something like that? Oh my god fill in mudgate says Nick Lowe
Now Nick Lowe is oh I'm picking a Nick Todd answer Nick Todd was Pat Boone's brother on thought records
Remember Nick Todd? No, of course not. You remember Pat Boone. I remember Nick Lowe
You do yeah cruel to be kind girls talk Nick Lowe put him on her just roll time shake okay Nick Lowe
How about Rob Lowe is Rob Lowe
Does and if anybody wants to tell me that I'm not gonna go you know
Have you seen any pictures of her uh him lately? No, I don't care. How many wives he's gotten how many kids babies?
I don't you know it's the David Cassidy syndrome all over again. How about camel?
who
Those those packets are expensive up here man. How about you know what camel is? Nope
And no camel toes asco psalma hilt find one for you many repetender 75 headloven who was a giant smash
He had a great voice of the screaming high falsetto the song was considered quite erotic for its time
was erotic
All right and sadly she died from breast cancer in 1979
Hate when that happens
Why is it always the people that we like a lot many rippred and I remember what she looked like you no
I keep thinking of mini pearl
Where that her image she looked like it she used to wear one of your tea bags
So on the top of her head that was her price tag. I see I thought it was a tea bag. That's a gangster thing
Don't you know it is now
All maybe she was this way ahead of her time. That's right old mini
56705 60 pound 560 only 18 and 10 Verizon wireless lime. Don't let me forget to read that column again before we don't forget to read that today
We're not putting camel on there right? Yeah, of course not. Well, what is camel? I have no idea
Maybe tomorrow we put it on this since it is hump day, but not today. I don't know what that is
WDQ I am
Yeah, I know stop with camel. Yes, sir
Yeah, I got one for Neil. I got a rear one. Okay. What is it?
Fat Domino. I don't know if you've got a researcher. He never had a he was a popular singer never had a
Yeah
I beg your pardon I should let him go on and
And you think I don't think I'm making this up
But before the show when I was like thinking about this pool right rack in my brain for a good pool for today
And it was the idea I had yesterday so I figured why not and I thought to myself he was one of the people
I thought that they would say
Fat Domino let me get the book
For example, fat Domino was one of my favorite all-time people I still love fat Domino and the best part is he's still alive
How do you like that? Amazing still alive. Is he still fat?
You bet
Like asking me is a
Zack still fat. Hey Zack put down the guy damn fat. Well see in his case you got a you got to understand
He's under tremendous pressure. He's got to watch his back
Fats Domino
This I think he had more hits at one time than LL
Elvis and
And Pat Boone all those guys at that time in the 50s and early 60s
Ain't that a shame
Bolivol I'm in love again my blue heaven when my dream boat comes home. I had every one of these records blueberry hill blue Monday
I'm walking it's you. I love valioteers and on and on whole lot of loving
I want to walk you home walking to Orleans
Obscure my girl my girl Josephine. Yeah pretty obscure get out of here
Let me say it again. Okay, all fairness
That guy sounded like a real jackball
Who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star fat Domino was a big big star
You know, he's been won okay and he was also a pretty good penis
Do you ever see him I'm like on TV? Yes, I have he could tinkle on those ivory. I love fat Domino
He was he was a funny guy, you know, he's like really a gruesome looking fat and a big fat head
But he was a great performer. Always looked like real happy, you know, mm-hmm kind like Greg Reed
5 6 7 0 5 60
WQ AM
Damn yes sir
Doc you online right yes
Those weeks are kicking some serious butt and it's about how about those redways choking and gagging on you?
I don't want to deal that I that's the bit. I love watching the high price teams like the Rangers who try to
Spend all the money
Right could make the playoffs right it's the best and what's the story without McGillney?
I don't know. We got his mouth is yeah, I think he'll be okay. He got it. Okay. I'll stick in the lip
But listen the best thing is that I was watching that idiot body clock face
Yeah, oh right at the end again
They stay showed him up there in a press box
But that sour looking just turned in the walk the way sulking you know screw him
I was gonna make the playoffs to be stuck with a team like that
That was approved again. Can somebody please tell me we're oh and Nolan has disappeared to at least now after the great start
Is he like still playing? I mean I see number 11 out there, but he's you're ain't doing much
Well, I'll pay you what you know
I as much as I like to see the doctor so I don't see somebody who's in there
It hasn't been there for a while. You know
Is the money brother still over there with their organization?
VBM is over there. The ducsion elitian the finals. How's that sound?
That's your touch of the least
Yeah, Alexander McGillney the most underrated player in the league nobody remembers that you read 76 goals and buffalo on how he's really so
He's just amazing to watch get better. He'll up that push Alexander
Hey, you following all of this what and then Gary Roberts
He kind of like limped off again. He's like that's one of those things will be okay
We like being battered up during the playoffs. We play under pressure under duress under address
Fine and by the way you won't see a full house Lee anymore
What did I tell you yesterday you hockey fans out there? He played one shift last night on a power play
Then you're given up a shorthanded goal got caught with his pantaloonies down and we never saw him again
And I said yeah, thank god. Don't put that old man out there any no mo no mo
You can if I open the window up here
You're all been all the people in Toronto are screaming no mo no mo
So they're either talking about mo or feel how's there to vote of him
Wtq a m
You're all being all the people Q a m hello
Hi, yes, sir
How you doing Neil? I'm doing very good. How you doing?
Good calling about a couple things
Great false set of singer Eddie Kendrick
make sure you're also saying false set of on
miss you
And in regard to president Bush's
Plan to rebuild Iraq
Um the best line I heard about it recently came from Conan O'Brien who said he did have a plan
Unfortunately for the most part it involved Legos
Okay
five six seven
O five sixty
I didn't hear that did you what pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
It's gonna be easy find them we asked uh Brigadier general Vince Brooks about that
At the briefing today here's a bit of what he had to say
Good
That's on the CBC. I think they put a they put that same muzzle over his post
WQ I am
Yeah, sir. How you doing?
Not pretty good. I listen. I wanted to add to the list
A group from the late 60s only 70s the Vogue's
I don't think the Vogue's were obscured to you. The Vogue's had a lot of big hits five o'clock world
I did the lead but I tell you know I talk to people about them. I never heard of
Well, that's because you're talking to people who don't know music. Probably people have been soft Florida too long
Probably thanks like you though. Maybe I have been
Excellent. Thanks a lot. Thanks. Thanks. The Vogue's they're just a little bit too famous too popular when you say I would say
I mean you're the one. I was one of my favorite songs. I love the Vogue's
I believe from Philadelphia I think
I could look it up in a book but I don't just don't have the time. Oh Nick Drake
Nick Drake did we get Nick Drake? Not yet. Who is Nick Drake?
British folk rock baroque uh
douchebag uh something born in Rangoon Burma
A singular talent who passed almost unnoticed during his brief lifetime Nick Drake produced several albums of chilling somber beauty
Sometimes compared to Van Morrison Drake in fact resembled Donovan much more than his uh more in his breath
He vocals strong melodics and acoustic. I don't know who that is Nick Drake
Never heard of it. He died. He died. Look at that. November 25th
1974 in Tarnworth and Arden England
How did he die? Don't we want to know how he died after all of this?
Um, let's see
You see far we his death though, but it doesn't say how he died
No, we all want to know how he died. It was only like 26 years old. Do we want to know how he died? Well, it's not in there. Damn it
Here's one that says their favorite group is and then it's got a list of 45 of them
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
The clash the clash is no
No, no, neither is uh thin. Neither is ten Lizzy neither is mountain and especially the rodo rooter Christmas band
All right. Okay. Thank you, John
You can't get much more obscure than the rotor. I think uh, what's his name? We saw in their album Ron Pupil
567 05 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and for right maybe you can pick it up at the pizza lot
How you can pick up a lot of other good stuff at the pizza lot especially if you get too close to Jeff
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha he's got a leader. I was talking to somebody yesterday who said you know those prices at the pizza lot can't be beaten
I said, you know
Not everybody gets to eat there for 50% offer for free, but seriously the prices are so low
You don't need a discount when you hit the pizza lot because the prices over the years have stayed remarkably low
Especially for the gigantic portions they give you will be amazed they give you probably enough food for two people
That's been my experience and I'm not talking about special deals for me
I'm talking about everybody they bring you a big fresh heaping pool of your favorite pasta dishes
All cook the order nothing soggy or uh or like uh mush
And of course they've got it all they got four different kinds of great pizza now including the matsu pizza and matsu lasagna
For Passover, which is one of everybody's favorites
In fact the president told me even the glamans were that they got veal and seafood calzone super subgeats lots more the best
Gallic rules you've ever popped in your post and some of the best news going in brow now
You've got not one but two pizza lot locations original brow location is right beyond pair one imports
Kitty corner the new arm and a look at a fae fae with tons of free parking in the pizza lot plans of it
On university drive between Gryffin and 595 or take out for delivery for catering for any a ferry may have come for as little as five bucks per person
And believe me Jeff knows and knows his affairs call 954 916 88 80
954 916 88 80 and Jeff has brought the same great delicious fresh food the same low prices the service and atmosphere took eight to
1999 only the cheapest of the cheap needed discount at the world famous pizza lot
This is five six
The radio
When you get a yeast infection you use one of those messy creams don't you yeah there may be an easier way
It's a pill die clue can just one pill is as as effective as the leading seven-day cream without the mask
Do not use die clue can if you are nursing if you're pregnant or taking other medications talk to your doctor
Do not take die book and if you're taking propulsive I am taking propolis
die book and it's 1117 at 560 WQM the son of shine a man so 142 degrees in the shade here
Actually, it's too hot. You know what nothing's perfect. You can't have it all. I'll take it
Here's the facts from Wayne who says as usually have your thumb on the world situation next to you and Randy
Where would for being the lone voices against the new Nazis? I don't care where you broadcast from I do
How about the song whitebird by it's a beautiful day a really great album called it's a beautiful day
Great song. I looked up. It's a beautiful day in my book. I can't find it nor can I find whitebird but since that's the second one
Let's put it down. It's a beautiful day
Okay, you know something I'm looking out the window and it's a beautiful day
join the big this afternoon known to two
Noon to two from the at the McDonald's tax relief day
60204 Miramar Parkway just west of 441 by one. I don't get one or more item for just a penny and or land
The big oval provided the pennies because we're big spenders at Q.A.M. Plus while I probably give them a roll of pennies
Plus while the last a pair of Marlon tickets while they last until you do something with them or stick them somewhere in there
Of course, they'll probably dissolve. It's the McDonald's tax relief day with a big oh
On Miramar Parkway west of 441 starting only momentarily between noon and two today
Sure can't say I haven't promoted enough big. Oh, you're a good guy, but on the air. Well nothing's perfect
W.A.M. Neil yes, sir. Have you ever heard of a musician called Matt Wessel
Matt Wessel yes, sir no
tremendous musician really I don't know if he's in your book enough, but he's excellent as a webman
Wessel did he have any hits? Oh nice sure he did a lot of guitar work
Uh, I don't know if he's in your book enough. Well, what does that mean? He did a lot of guitar work
I mean, so I see he did a lot of bridge work and I don't know what does that mean
It mean well, how do you spell that W.E. S T. L. E. W. E. S F E L, sir
Wessel Wessel here's Eric Weisberg and Steve Mandel
Um, well, I I tried to keep one under an alley as the biggest the least was what did I ever do to you Neil?
Oh
My god, how sad how pathetic is that guy or what? Who isn't obviously right?
And I'll tell you what you did to me. You called again. That's what you did to me before which we hate you like poison
Isn't that the the the Boolean guy? No, no this guy ain't even the same family with that guy. Didn't sound anything like him
You're just picking on that guy because he's in New Yorker. Okay. Good good point W Q.A. M Q.A. M
Nobody left. I'm too late Q.A. M. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir
JJ
Kale
Kale
Is never done. Bellowee said eight on that diet and Faso was chicken and kale
Say what? I said have a great day. Who is it JJ? Kale never heard of him
Her it then is that like into the J. Guile's band
I mean it sounds similar. I don't know who that is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon
Wireless line. I mean we're talking somebody's so obscure. Well, I guess that's okay
Because the question is who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star and I guess JJ Kale was not
I remember JJ from good times
In a veiled warning to the United States
you and secretary general Kofi Annen
Made states said that statements directed at Syria could destabilize the Middle East
The secretary general is concerned that recent statements directed at Syria should not create a wider destabilization in a region already heavily affected by the war in Iraq and in spokesman be saying in a statement
You know, great even even rule. Yeah, there's in weapons of mass destruction
And they've been doing this and harboring this one harboring that one and after we take care of them, we're going to invade Argentina
Because they probably got this administration probably got a lot of friends who are looking for an argentina
Would seem to me people I can hook up with and help them, you know, do their worldwide conquest
Give us some pointers. That's probably the point. Maybe the pointer sisters who down there
Here's the deadline again. Just checking
WKYM
Yeah, I was thinking maybe Linda Perry from Foreign Omblons
It's around 1992
What do you say, George? She did solo stuff?
Yeah, she had two albums after in 94, she had her own album and she came out with one in 98 too, but she wasn't really popular
Um recruited the recorded studio that did her records for from rockstar records
Well, that's probably why she wasn't too popular. Okay, thanks a lot pal. We got it. All right, man
Linda Perry you got it got it
Like
What huh who said that?
I read your carlo said it WKYM
Hey, how you doing pretty good? Well, you picked me up cold
And that's what we're doing. They screen us because carlo says under a lot of stress in there
He's putting bedtime stories on okay, and then he's
I have nothing here for you about to us and some dupe groups sure
The syndicate of sound
So you can tell I was excellent right right
And I'm looking in my
Radio Caroline playlist
for more stuff from
Um
It's a beautiful day besides
Besides the one that you had uh white bird there's uh
Girl with no eyes
From 1971 we ever came from the website
Okay
Bombay calling watching you watching me from the left company
JJ came out of that it doesn't hit that he's too big
Got cherry cocaine. Hey baby hold on he's got cherry and cocaine drugs. It'll be right over
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
How do you spell that I'll put them on there JJ how do you spell last name?
J pardon the expression period J period C-A-L-E
Oh like it like a JJ kill. Yeah oh now I get it
After midnight was a hit in 1971
After midnight. Yeah. Yeah he covered it. Oh he covered it. Who did the original after midnight
After midnight? I have to go check it out. Uh guess what it was never hit. Oh there it is
Eric Clapton you're like I just said yeah well they played it on WNBC and WABC
New York well that proves it right there then if it was a hit it got played on ABC
And I sure hope Bruce Moore didn't play because he's an asshole. Okay, thanks a little pal. You pay
Navy the worst than Moza I think have it right there pali see you pal
Now would you just say you said Eric Clapton you're just repeating what I said yeah
567 all like this
We've raised this war with determination
And with clarity of purpose and what was that?
And we will see it through until the job is done
So we get every hose on every your oil well that's right
He's given a big hose job to the world 5 6 7 0 5 60
Well, I just see him and I get my blood starts curdling you know it
I just see his push and I think to myself how did this have the media without the willing and enthusiastic
Co-opers to the American media the right wing media
What used to be called the liberal left wing media well guess what not anymore
Not any mo mo
WQ I am yeah, I talked me speaking a meal. This is Kevin. How you doing today buddy pretty good Kevin. How are you?
Listen, I've got one that's right up your alley. He's a local boy from South Florida
You have a new york called where the action is Steve Olaymo Steve Olaymo Bob. Oh boy. Yes sir. Yes sir every day
I have to cry and right
Right
Thanks a lot pali see you Steve Olaymo remember him. No
Now what's the name of his group? I should ask him Steve Olaymo and the and the uh and the lamos
No, he's a buffalo boy. I bet you're my friend Dick fine bird remember Steve Olaymo
That they used to play on WBBF and Rochester home with the busy bees
Jo Dean and Morton this bomb
Morton this bomb. Can you imagine anybody going on your day and call himself Morton this bomb? No
Neither can I angle bird Humper dink
Uh Steve Olaymo. Oh, please. Oh, no. It's not in here
I
Guess it wasn't a big hit
There's dual acons the birds and the bees. They're where members dual acons
And actually he would qualify. Wouldn't it?
Yeah, actually man. I'm not going to put it on there but the birds and the bees was a good side was a good hit
So many five pages and pages on uh
audience and it's a beautiful day and you don't want to
Don't waste my fast paper George please
Please we already put it to beautiful day on it, didn't we? Right. No, I just didn't for you
You want to put audience on there too just to pacify them to put that on your audience because that's our job is to please the audience
We're supporting you five six
two a.m
Erica loves to watch boobs and butts and biking
That has roly bees go away
Find a new way to attack up a big old home and eat your whole homes
Till you explode
Just like your fat fat churn and ladies have to bite your seats on a plane
Spilling your finger that have yellow stain from she told
yeah
You're
Head has learned it us you want to get in the air
God us you got him why
I can squeal I can squeal I can squeal
Fat ladies living with your lover less
Beans Slavering and starting the tree
Between her feet Ashmitato yeast
Most fishing to me
That was a tune that's moist and tasty
Hey
Love a thirty two at five sixty
W.A.M. Pentagon was told of
RISTA museums morning they had one
of the head haunches the curator
or whatever they called the museum
foaming at the mouth just apoplectic
said that he went to the Palestine
hotel and waited for four hours three
days ago to meet with one of the
American curls to beg him to please
provide protection for the Iraqi
National Museum and he was assured that
the Americans would be there and they
would surround the museum and make
sure not to let anybody in not only
did they not do that they said but
there's still nobody there well there's
nothing there anyway I just mentioned
that and not now there's not they hold
off everything there are artifacts
dating back five six and seven thousand
years but I don't confuse anybody with
the facts because it was just another
lie they got bigger fish to fry
yeah but other rag head artifacts
that's correct Iraqi Muslims by the
way came to the aid of Baghdad's tiny
Jewish community yesterday the
Marines were doing at three a.m. I saw
two men one with a beard on the roof
of the Jewish community house and I
cried out to my friend Hossam bring
the Kalashnikov said Hossam Kassam 21
it's Hossam and Hossam at what time is
there sure why it says neither Hossam
nor Hossam who is the guard of the
center was armed at the time but the
threat worked in scaring off the
intruders you know it was like in the
in the paper and so the paper in the
godfather put his hand inside his coat
looked like a real food cake two hours
later the looters returned again and
Hossam Kassam used the trick once more
the centers located in a freshly painted
white house on a lane off our
sheet street in Baghdad's old town
well nice going how do you like that
there's a little cooperation
there between the rag heads and the yeds
the day before pace off
ginger and haggardorances filled the
monkey man is going to be really really
chronic totally and then see when you
listen to the facts and make you
understand what I mean by that
totally unrelated to the show today but
seeing as how you turn your back on
Amsterdam I thought I'd send you some
stuff to refresh your memory now is
there any because I didn't see any
other stuff eventually the the the
I just got back from there a few
weeks ago visiting family and friends
most of the stuff I'm fixing is more
painted George who's a pothead but I
only hope you can talk about Amsterdam
first of all I haven't turned my back on
Amsterdam I said I was burned out on
a little bit I gave up the
apartment because it was making me
sick all the time because it was
unsanitary and the bedrooms were downstairs
and mildew and mold and crap and I was
tired of being sick all the time etc
isn't that what I said it's not like that
and I said it was too schmutzian especially
in the winter time when there's no tourist
there especially with what's going on
the world right now I wasn't that crazy
but I will be going back soon I just
mentioned that in my next vacation
how do you like that to make him happy
since he's so concerned about where
I'm going and who I'm doing oh I got a
grandmother in the new hour I got a few
things village voices I want to reread
maybe I'll even do a few bedtime stories
good put this stuff out there okay as
opposed to the non-stop propaganda they're
getting by the end of two thousand and
right see what I'm saying oh my god what is
that what are we doing here what are we
doing with this man huh he and I'm going
to stop calling Alfred E. Newman because
it's an insult to Alfred that's an
insult to the brilliant creators of
mad magazine at least they were funny
by intent W.D. Q.A.M.
yeah yes sir what's the poll today what is
the poll it's about four feet long five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what's
the poll today what's on a menu today what's
the special today I think you're at
sir delayed asshole
nobody there five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
Verizon line W.D. Q.A.M.
Neil yes sir
a couple of things I want to mention
watching the news you know in Iraq you know
the looting uh... citywide the museum
which was tragic but there is one building
in uh... pat dot which is really really
guarded by marines army helicopters and
yeah the all ministries uh... the
all ministries really guarded the rest of
the city is turned into an american
university they really took to the american
lifestyle real quick you know burning
looting right
uh...
you think they just had a big ballgame there
the other thing i want to mention you know when you
off the air at one o'clock i go
west to uh... radio six ten you know
rash bimbo well it's my accent he's a rash
but you can't run your skin
yeah and i listen to it show and after that comes the
shit show it's the sneak i think is a
okay great that was very good
yeah
uh...
uh... call the i-n-s okay trace that call
five six seven oh five like we don't have enough
problems already this guy is a sincrap on here five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t in
Verizon wireless line don't put anybody else on with the next
which i guess that means it's the end of the show
god w-k-y-m
yeah i thought uh...
speaking
uh... only of just at the break this morning
uh... eleven twenty nine uh... i pretty knew
what himself was discussing
his uh...
tax uh...
rising to me
and he went on thank you for your hard work
it's not the
not a question of whether or not there is a package
but how big the package will be
that's how we still Miguel
uh...
god love you me you think i need us thank you so much what do you think
that's right it's not a question of how big the package is the question of
who's going to get their hands on it that's what we're sworn in the
of you in economy uh... he's promising in the future future which includes
tax cuts which would encourage investment into the american economy he says
and less money headed to washington dc joining me to assess the speech and its
implications
the city's Henry champ in our washington office Henry
uh... a sense there that he still is pushing the tax cut agenda but if i'm
reading it correctly he's asking for less than he wanted
that's exactly right about uh... two hundred and fifty billion dollars less he'd
like to get the full package he has four originally seven hundred and fifty three
billion dollars uh... but in this particular uh... rose garden appearance he's
talking about uh... five hundred and fifty billion as being the bare minimum
there's many people on uh... capital hill think he'll get the far less
the tax cut idea that the president uh... has promoted the past was promoting
this morning is not popular with big elements uh... in uh... congress including
the key members within his own party and it's unlikely through the
senate uh... that he can get approval for all this all right good
cvc a little straightforward reporting there okay not any bs i love the cvc
at least when they're doing the news i mean the other stuff a little bit too dry
you know like sawdust like halivot it's a bit of a sit around for two three
twenty one till noon at five sixty w two i don't know if they have halivot the swap shop
but i just about everything else because that's where you find bargains unloaded
they're all waiting for it to swap shop over eighty eight acres chock full of bargains
from indoor and outdoor vendors the swap shop is the busiest retail location the world before
daylight and at night the swap shop has the world's largest thirteen screen drive and movie theater
featuring great first run movies why does so many people shop at the swap shop you might be
scratching at home your head wondering because no place else can you see millions of dollars worth
of brand new brand-a merchandise at flea market prices and everything you buy at the swap shop
is got to be admission and free parking every day seven days a week the swap shop is the cheapest
place in the world a shop every Thursday be a free buyer or free seller every Thursday free
garage sales face before five a.m. and Mondays all day long so i'll wait for you at the swap shop on
some of our spot of our between nine ninety five in the turnpike maybe you'll get lucky and run
into sheriff nick and press them in his hand call nine five four seven nine one swap and whatever you
do it almost a three million dollar three-wing circus seven days a week you can spell it for
counties away at the swap shop nine five four seven nine one swaps
nine and one
this is four twenty more bikes
you way up
the f***
oh what the f***
and get me ready to
你想
look at its
You got a man by hooker
Broke the Christians
I know what best you will die
But have no fear
We've got a great leader here
With President Thump
Shit
Shit
Shit
Shit
I'll take a look
You can't see his face
I'm so inspired
You know I'm inspired to go right to the bowl
And do a number in it
It's 15, just like Ronnie Reagan's Jr. said
What was that a great line about his dad
Cripped out the bigger ones than him
Wow, that was a beautiful
Anyway Lawrence Ego Berger is worth repeating again
For the 10th time in case you missed it
In his, well in any way this article in the independent UK
Says if George W. Bush decided he was going to turn the truth loose on Syria and Iran
After that he would last an office for about 15 minutes
In fact President Bush if he would try that even now
I think you ought to be impeached
You can't get away with this sort of thing in this democracy
Said former Secretary of State under his papa George Bush senior
Lawrence Ego Berger
Pretty strong stuff you know
And American people are going
Why not?
Why not?
We got to get all the evil doors
We got to get all the terrorists to war on terror
Man so many stupid people and so little time you know
Anywhere a poll question today
Here's one that says
Who was the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star
That's the poll question we've got a list of 45,000
Do you know any of these box of frogs
I've heard of them
Roy Gallagher
No
Roy Buckequin which I think probably is Buchanan
Andy Pratt, you know
No
Doni Iris
Doni Iris yes
Doni?
Doni
Is that how you spelled Doni D.O.N.
I don't know how I didn't know it was spelled that way but I know Doni Iris
How about Doni Osman?
Him too
How about Doni Brasco?
Pretty obscure
How about Iris Schwartz
So what are we putting on there?
Boxer frogs?
All right and Doni Iris
Okay
Well try to spell it right
Just so whatever fact that a good listener but some bad spelling
Here's one that's addressed to you and you go and said to me from American for Mars
What do I know about Doni Curie?
You know Toi... I know Andy Curie used to play third based on Andy
I think it's a suggestion I don't know why you wrote my name on top of it
No I'll be glad to tell you why because it's said how about Doni Curie
Native American didn't move to Germany 20 years ago
His career was styphal in the USA
Brilliant composer producer, singer and musician
He has about 10 albums out under his name and planted P-project
In the early days of MTV he used to play they used to play a lot of his stuff
Had songs like it's a fine fine day, first day of summer, some tough city, why me?
Static on the radio, obviously static on the radio
The double album Pink World where he wrote sang and played most of the instruments
Like the wall only better
Most of Pink Floyd his stuff, what?
Most of Pink Floyd his stuff does not sound like
I don't know what I'm talking about
Okay I heard you talk about him when he was sitting in front of Niels' ears or computer
So how come you tell me that this is for me, this is for you Tony Curie
Okay, follow on there, Tony Curie, C-R-E-Y
Okay, put him on there, another Indian gets screwed over by the Americans by the white man
Shame on us
Rackies by the way are too happy about Jay Garner
I mentioned it, yes, mentioned again
Or about, oh I don't want to go into it
I get too damn upset
W-D-Q-I-N
Hello?
Yes sir
Yes, it's like a nail, please
Speaking
Niel, I'm calling about the poll
There's a singer that I don't know the name
You know it because you have all a cake, then he used to sing that song
Some kind of thing
What if I born an asshole?
Because you have all a cake, then he...
Oh, the honor, the 55 asshole
What is that guy's name George?
August Campbell
August Campbell
Born an asshole?
Yeah
And it's possible
I've been trying to buy this tape and I can't find it, my dad keeps asking for it
Yeah
I can't find it anyway
If you can tell me where to find it, I'd like to buy it or make a donation to one of your favorite touch-erries for it
No, no, God, maybe George, if you sent him a tape, we could say tape for the right price of it
We would never reproduce August Campbell's stuff, remember he was only a...
Oh, that's right, no, we can't do that, that's where I can't do it because he wants to sue us for a vermisting a song on the Investive CD
So good luck to you sir, but I'll play it for you, maybe you can tape it
Internet
I'm ready to remember that
Yeah, once sued us at IOD for playing a song, even though we made the song popular in a P-Doll over a set of other blue-outers song
I put it on there, there once in a copy right and they squeezed a few bucks out of Cox Broadcasting
Which now that we look back on it, I always say that is...
Oh, right
Good
Good
And by the way, Disney, I hate to break the news to Mike Disney and all our good-to-former friends over there at WIOD
And I see in a whole... they're gone somewhere, spoke over there, but I took a look at those numbers
On party radio in that last trend, finished the party's over
That's my opinion, I'm like Disney
Man, talk about Dead Is a Doornail, didn't know what, dropping like a rock
Yeah
Everybody I've talked to, they liked it in the beginning, they did that thing, Power 96 and too many commercials
That was funny for about five minutes, you know, they kept...
Man, they're still doing that, I guess
And nobody wants to hear that anymore, it's not funny anymore, you know?
It's not funny anymore
And I want to hear some meat, where's the beef? And I want to hear some music, some nifty stuff
And they played the Derood and Safry duo four hundred times and I went to the same old crap
And people said, eh, how was that?
And that's why their numbers are dropping and dropping
And by the way, the book comes out a week from Friday, the entire Twitter rating book, January, February and March
And you know, we really don't care, I mean, we'd like to, you know, we'd like you to support us and put us down for like 85 hours a day
Seriously, we need all help we can get because now we're up against it, there aren't too many progressive, liberal, moderate, left of center, anything
Left on your any more anywhere in this country
Deploy in the future
And proof of it, there is a role in coal and look at that, look at that guys, sell out your normal sell out coal
I am a sciadaric cat, Mr. Secretary, the rhetoric seems to be ratcheted up against Syria
And accusing it of maintaining weapons of mass destruction, chemical weapons
The Syrian responded by saying that let's make the Middle East a WMD free zone
Do you welcome such a proposition and can you see a situation where Israel will exceed to such a proposition
And on the road maps are, do you believe that the Sharon's response will help the road map or will handle it?
Is it designed to circumvent it? Thank you, sir
On the second question with respect to the road map as the president has said clearly
Now that we have a new Israeli government in place and now that we are close to having a Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority appointed and confirmed by the PLC
And we hope that will happen sometime in the next week or so when Abu Maazim is confirmed
We will release the road map as it was written last November as it was finalized last excuse
The road map, of course what he is talking about is this new map, but a new world, the new world
The one at Richard Perlin, the Wolfowitz got all two in together there
All the arrows and the different colored maps and sheaded in Krayola
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, yeah basically for the president to keep it simple
There's the good guys in the evil doors, the good guys are all in red and the bad guys are in blue
Can't like the electoral college map
WNQAM, nobody there, shame on you man, shame on you, we're doing screen listen, I can't let her ring
Hate that WNQAM
Yeah, sir
Hi, my opinion the two greatest obscure recording artists, Michael Hegez and Ani DeFranco
It's Perlin, Donnie DeFranco
No, Ani
Ani DeFranco, Little Orphan Ani
Yeah, a few times, I don't know if I have any ideas about you
Yeah, I know Ani DeFranco
You do? Sure
He didn't say Ani DeFranco, we said Ani
I know
Well that's maybe Shaoshi Pernasca, Ani DeFranco
You know what it was like, what's your name?
Right, I could have been wrong all my life
Ani DeFranco, well you want to put that down go ahead, are we putting it on her because I need to know
Sure, yeah
Ani is she like one of the DeFranco twins?
Who is the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star, she's part of the DeFranco family, Ani DeFranco
Little Eva, Carl Perkins, Curtis Lee, Kate Bush, Conway, Twitty, Frank Zappa, Gilbert O'Sullivan, Dad, and, and, and, and, he's annoying
Todd Rungrin, Archie Bell and the Drells
Or is that Archie Rundell and the Harry Connick Jr., Maxine Nightingale, Roger Whitaker
Oh God, did I despise Roger Whitaker to talk about a big fat Corn Ball guy
And the worst part of it is they were selling his albums on the infomercials
I saw that
Oh, did he do Derenntown?
He did whatever he could, he ripped off, he was like the Paul Castanova music
If you sang it, he'll do it
Willie Dixon, Darleen Love
What was her big hit?
Dota
Come on
Sorry
She was good Darleen Love, she wasn't enough as she is perfect for this list
Excellent for this Paul
Darleen Love
Oh, today I met the boy I'm gonna marry
And wait till my Bobby gets home
Both kind of marginal hits, the first one we got to number 39, the next one is 26
Born Darleen Wright, 1938 in Los Angeles, lead singer of the Blossoms
Well, I never knew, sang lead on two songs by the crystals
And with Bobby Sox and the Blue Jeans
Her sister Edna Wright was a member of the Honeycomb
How do you like that?
That's a lot of it
Start an off-roadway show leader of the packed play Denny Glover's wife and all three lethal weapon movies, Darleen Love
How do you like them apples on?
I'm gonna start to understand who that is
Sure
Darleen Love
Timmy Euro
Ronnie Specter, who was lead singer of the Cherelles
Rupert Holmes, Chris Kenner
I like it like that, Epilonia
No, Epilonia, no
Leon Redbone, Gino Vanelli
Gino Vanelli sounds, I know who that is, but I always sounded to me like a ball player
Yeah, Matt The Hoople, the Walker Brothers, the great Walker Brothers, the your son ain't gonna shy anymore
Lloyd Price, Kraftwerk, Roxy Music, Booker T and EMG's, Minnie Ruperton
With a high squeaky voice, Nick Lowe, it's a beautiful day, Linda Perry, Syndicate of Sound
What was their hits in the Gervesound?
I do, I'm not looking up in the book yet, I can hear it, I can smell it
JJ Kale, Steve Alimo from Rochester or Buffalo, somewhere, I think it was from Rochester, Steve Alimo
Every day he has to cry some because nobody knows from him now
Audience, and what was the last one, Annie Wat?
The Franko
Annie DeFranco of the Franko family
What about the cowciels?
What about them?
Should we put them on there?
I thought they were big, but what do I know?
Yeah, the cowciels were big?
Sure, they had more than one hit
No, the cow piles are big as what you're thinking about, they had some hits, but they weren't like a big, a real part for glad we had space on them
Can I ask you a question?
Little Eva, alright, we just died, okay?
She wasn't obscure, we're not gonna see some of these people keep saying obscure, no we're not asking for obscure, we originally were gonna say that, no
The best all-time decoronaris who was not a big star, well little Eva was, she was like a minor star
And I would say the same for the cowciels, they were like big stars
The minor, minor stars, okay
You got it?
Got it
Cowciels, get it on there baby
Oh!
The rain in the park, the, uh, hair, the, uh, girl that flowery
The cow piles
My line and local, here's sports radio 560, she way, she way, yeah
Well, uh, it beat it 12 to 1 hour on WQ AF
Never watched his hair or seem to have a care, Kobe
His name was Kurt, now he's pushing up dirt, Kobe
Wiping drew from his chin, doing heroin, Kobe
Her soul was a little bit more than usual
Your bottle was hot and now was Kurt, they ain't got Kobe
He got high said goodbye then he died, Kurt, Kobe
Made a million and our never took a shower, Kobe
He's a number one hit in heaven, big mosh pit, Kobe
He'll need elders the king and say grunge was my thing, Kobe
So if you're filled without don't take Kurt's way out, Kobe
He got high said goodbye then he died, Kobe
Okay, JJ Keele wrote Eric Peppin's cocaine song, the facts of somebody hysterically, you're also wrote after midnight, how do you like that?
We talked about after midnight before, so it's a damn good thing and George and I both voted already, we can put the poll up Eric, Deena Boy
We can get the poll up there now, got it, we got it, some people can actually vote, we can add to it of course, but I mean, is Beena Boy still working on the bedtime stories?
No, he's working on the poll and the website, but the, what kind of poll?
Don't be working on your poll in the middle of the show, okay, unless George ain't looking
Roy Buchanan, guitar hero inspiration for Jimmy Hendrix, what are you saying?
He sounds off of the press, Beena Boy, you've been treating him like crap or something, what's wrong?
He's hungry, he's just sad that I'm back, must have been those dozens of bedtime stories, I apologize, there were way too many today, but there was not a single one that I could exclude, you know?
No, no, they needed to be on there, they were all about it, he's part of that website
And so my, the great job on a website by Carlos and of course, then there's always Eric.
Roy Buchanan, a good, guitar hero inspiration for Jimmy Hendrix, what do you say? Roy Buchanan?
Sure, what about five facts of that?
I'm thinking of Roy Head.
Remember Roy Head?
I do actually.
And then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then
and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then
and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then
and then even then even then, and then, and then, and then the
I'd Muslim-Basian of Nazaria, rallied against the U.S.
der Rale against U.S.
der Rack's future, reported agents France press.
The protests came as Americans delivered a first progress port in their
effort to restore Iraq to normalcy and had off a course of criticism over
continued lawlessness and lack of basic services.
By the way, no electricity in the museum.
I should point that out too.
Right, no, the museum.
We promised we would guard and protect and so on.
Not even any, or nothing.
Some two or three hundred of Rackies gathered today outside the Palestine Hotel
where the U.S. Marines have set up operations base for the third
great day of protest against the U.S. occupation.
For the first time, visibly angry U.S. military officials sought to distance
the media from the protest, moving reporters and cameras about 30 yards
from the barbed wire entrance to the hotel.
We want you to pull back to the back of the hotel because the Rackies are
only performing because the media is here, said a Marine Colonel, who wore the
name Zarkoni, but wouldn't give his first name or title.
The crowd later moved to the nearby square where the statue of Sodom was toppled
Wednesday to the end of the regime as three of the Marines armored amphibious
vehicles passed by.
They chanted, no, no, USA.
Meanwhile, demonstrators marched to the center.
They predominantly sheared southern city of Nazaria chanting, yes, the freedom,
yes to Islam, no to America, no to Sodom.
How do you think these people are going to receive Franklin Graham when he shows up?
Dancing in the streets with his born again Christian entourage ready to convert
all these smart ahead the infidels with love.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I couldn't be wrong, but I don't think so.
I hear this article on it very rarely, do I read something twice in the same day?
We like playing the same bit twice in the same day.
Not a good idea.
But in this case, I'll make an exception.
I think a very good idea.
Mark Mark Coppola's in the Chapel Hill news writes a column.
This was written last Friday, April 11th.
And I still say this summarizes in just about three or four easy minutes here.
Maybe less than that.
What it's all about?
What's going on?
Media failure.
He writes it's reported that more than half of Americans believe that Sodom, who's saying,
is responsible for the terrorist attacks of 9-11.
This means that the US media have utterly spectacularly, shamefully and pathetically failed.
One of the most interesting aspects of this war has been the overall superiority of the internet
as a source of news.
In many cases, of course, this actually means access to news reports from all of the world's media,
except the US.
To the majority of the world's citizens who oppose the war really just hate freedom,
or are they getting better information?
At any rate, without the internet, we are truth deprived.
In one sense, the US mainstream media has proven their total relevancy is an accurate
information source.
Tragically, it is worse than that.
They've proven that they have neither the professional journalistic integrity, nor the
individual ethical foundation to resist being enlisted, to support a war that they
of all people are where is based on lies.
First off, all you wardrobe beaters and troop supporters out there send in your outrage
letters.
All I ask is that you provide a shred of re-elevenants of weapons of mass destruction
in Iraq, or tell the readers that the Bush Cabal didn't lie about the four documents
purporting the Pro-Arrak Had a Nuclear Program, where the plagiarized California grad student
leases that Colin Powell claimed came from unimpeachable sources, or the aluminum tubes
that no one in the world considered evidence of nuclear weapons construction, not even the
Pentagon fundamentals to cynically put forth this nonsense.
I urge you to write, but spare me the sanctimonious, unpatriotic smearing and give me some facts,
and please don't play these support the troops' bait and switch game.
The carburet of Alderman got snookered on that one even going so far as to say they wanted
to the troops to have all their logistical support they needed to complete the jobs.
Translation, now that you're stuck fighting a war that we already understand to be illegal
on a necessary, we will stand by quietly while you kill thousands of Iraqis, not only young
men and boys in the Iraqi army, but more than a thousand innocent people, and won't many
thousands more, including young children when their arms blown off or blinded by a
shrapnel, and will stand by quietly while you die get wounded or psychologically warped.
Supporting the troops apparently does not include opposing the use of depleted uranium
shells that ruined the lives of tens of thousands of Gulf War veterans, and will do the same
disco around with barely a mention in the media, though so intent on supporting the war
effort at the expense of authentic journalism.
Not to mention the hellish experience of war itself.
Veteran war correspondent Chris Hedges recently wrote an essay decrying the censorship that
escaped images of the two faces of wars destruction out of American living rooms.
If we saw the deep psychological scars of slaughter, the way it maims and stunts those who participate
more for the rest of their lives, we would keep our children away, he says.
Supporting the troops also apparently does not apply to the media that have glossed
over or ignored the lies and bribery that laid the groundwork for this invasion, in fact
Salt Lake City where she lived.
What did he die for?
Put project for a new American century in your search engine.
The late 90s think tank membership reads like the Iraqi war chicken-oak roster, Wolf
Owitz-Puril-Chainy Abrams-Jep Bush and Moore.
It's a simple doctor they crafted, in large US power and resource control by expanding
the military, choosing a conflict that would result in a quick win, and an impressive
show of force to the rest of the world, Iraq was singled out by them as the preferred
country, and then continue on to invade other countries with Egypt and Saudi Arabia mentioned
in order to gain control of the midi specifically.
Did we really think that the world's most incredible military machine would not inevitably
attract the type of maniacal people that throughout human history have always been attracted
to positions of enormous power?
Do we think that these people, even though they exhibit the same disrespect for truth,
the same propensity for self-granddies, and the same contempt for democracy and freedom,
as petty power grabbers through the ages, are somehow more trustworthy because they're
Americans?
Here's a quote from one of the most powerful people in the world today, Richard Pearl,
close advisor to Bush, who was also known in Washington as the Prince of Darkness.
If we'd let our vision of the world go forth and we embrace it entirely, and don't try
to piece together clever diplomacy but just wage total war, our children will sing great
songs about us years from now.
I'm saving that one.
That's a keeper.
It's on our website, the first of Ed Time Story, Village Voices by Mark Markopolis Chapel
Hill News.
Here's Colin Powell is still rambling away.
He's singing.
He's singing in that big thing up there in the sky.
Love Franks.
One of the all-time best.
He reminded me of Ozzy Osborne.
What are you laughing about?
The look?
Yeah, he's just kind of a goofball, you know?
Stone out of his mind all the time.
I'm goofball, funny names for the kids, like Donnie Marie.
I mean, I still can't get over that spot.
And they play it on, especially on least TV all the time, over and over and over again.
They play that spot.
A couple of ready-made, a bunch of ready musicians.
For Czech.
And you know, your defense gets old, Jesus.
There's Pat Quinn.
Nice going, Pat.
Nice job.
Hey, keep that Phil.
How's that line up on Wednesday, please?
How about today?
12, 13 at 5, 60 WDQM.
Balance for life will help you lose that weight and it's a piece of cake.
You won't have any cake, but it's the luckiest way to do it.
Everybody who's fat, including me, we're trying everything out of the sun to lose weight.
And we have some people in the building who are like so desperate, like the beast,
that we had to stick them on balance for life to save their lives.
And I think that's legit.
I think we added years to that to punch life.
So we better appreciate it.
And this Friday, when we both weigh in, you got that?
Got it.
Friday morning, I'm hopped on a scale again.
I'm a digital scale.
I'll give you an honest reading, was 192.5 years today.
And we'll see how the beast is doing.
When he's lost 60 pounds, it's not bad. He's got a long way to go.
And whether you got 10 or 50 or 60 or 100 pounds to lose or more,
balance for life is the easy way to do it because you don't do any figuring.
They figured it all out for you, based on the zone tide.
They counted all the carbs and a whole deal, and they balance out of four and prepare five great meals every day.
They bring you a little black sack.
You don't have to shop for anything.
In your sack, our three-gourme meal, two delicious snacks, everything fresh, nothing frozen, nothing pre-fat, no chemicals.
And they use only the best ingredients you'll be amazed at how great looking and tasting that food is.
The only choice you have to make is to be too alternatives for each meal every day that you're in a program.
Got that? Good.
Call balance for life today, and you'll lose that weight.
The easy, delicious way and watch the pounds melt off, and you'll have a big smile on your much thinner push.
Balance for life. Call them today and check this out.
Please, 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229, or visit their website at balanceforlife.com.
And local, this is 4205-608-288-2AM.
Howard David's a bitch.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music biography profile story.
We take a good heart and stiff-looking to start him.
He sang a stirring bow and called holding back the years, which was about, uh, I have no f***ing idea.
He was simply ready.
His voice was beautiful.
But how do you hold back years anyway?
Gavin Pitcher is one of those guys from some half-assed entertainment magazine who ends up being interviewed
and we can't find anyone famous to say anything.
And what is that thing where he goes strangled by the wish-nix and beta or whatever?
He's just deliberately confusing.
But simply read frontman Nick Hucknell defends his interpretation of the song.
Look, it's very simple. Holding back the years, thinking of the fear I've had so long,
when somebody hears, listen to the fear that's gone.
Right. What does that mean? Well, is it obvious? It's...
I'm holding back the years.
I'm holding back the years.
Now do you see?
Uh, I didn't hear you. You turned on the blender.
What?
I never mind.
What about when you sing, chance for me escape from all I've known?
Nothing had the chance to be good, nothing ever could.
Oh come on, isn't it crystal clear that I'm actually saying?
Check for me.
Don't you get it?
Hi! Who keeps a bloody jackhammer in their cupboard?
Simply read. One big hit.
Dozens of dumbass words.
It's a big, juicy, sobbing-wint-looking show business tonight on Inside of Behind.
You know, some people might take exception to this, but I happen to like simply read it.
I'm putting them on a list, how do you like that?
I think he didn't like simply read it.
No, I didn't. I did. I still do.
So John faxes in and says a few from the 50s and I'm gonna put both of these on air too.
And so will Eric, whether he likes it or not, link Ray.
Remember Rumble by Link Ray and the Rayman?
And Jean Vincent, B. Bop, Alula and Cap of Records.
I remember like it was just yesterday by 1958.
Two good ones. Not two big stars, but like memorable and pretty good.
Also, I guess that's it.
Frank Zapp has got 18 votes and I'll tell you, Todd Rungren,
if I had to do this over again, I might change my vote.
Todd Rungren, I saw the light was on my all-time favorite records.
Remember I saw the light?
Yep.
I wish we had that.
I'd play it right now for you guys.
I saw the light.
A lot of what a great song.
He was great and produced for all those people and just phenomenal.
Right.
Well, he's in second place, Todd with Ahni De Franco.
Yeah, who did I link it?
I don't know who that is. I'm sorry.
What does she do again?
Music.
And Frank.
Boy, she must have a lot of time to write the music up there in the thing.
Yeah.
In the attic.
And I'm not playing Jews in the attic.
Willie Dixon III, Conway 23, Donnie Iris III, Gene Ovenelli III.
The cow piles have a pair and a walker brothers have two.
One of those is my vote and you voted for Kate Bush.
I've seen it.
Yeah.
You skipped over rock music for some reason.
What do you mean?
When you were reading down the list, you went from Annie.
Actually, they've got four.
Well, that's because I was talking about Anne Frank and the egg.
Oh, right in music.
But it killed a lot of good time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and 10 for rise.
Can I throw up?
Can I smit-can this thing now about the big O overt?
I guess I'll read it one more time.
The big O is there right now and McDonald's till 2 o'clock for the McDonald's.
Tax relief day at 6204 Miramar Parkway just west of 441 by one item and get one more for just a penny.
And the big O is even providing the pennies for all your skin fins.
I think I have an idea who's going to be over there.
Probably trying to get the big O's whole roll of pennies.
I'm not going to mention no name.
Plus while they last a pair of Marlins tickets, they'll last until the paper probably wears out.
Wouldn't you think it's McDonald's tax relief day with the big O.
On Miramar Parkway west of 441, it's going on right now till 2 p.m.
Don't even bring the pennies because it's pennies from Remember.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's add a few more showing WQAM.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, we're talking Neil.
Speaking.
How you doing?
I'm going to put in a couple votes for your obscure recording artist.
Okay.
How about T-Rex or Sweek?
T-Rex is good.
Number Sweek?
No.
Fox on the run.
I do.
Little Willie.
Oh sure, yeah.
Yeah.
One out of two ain't bad.
Thanks.
All right, I do.
T-Rex.
We're going to put these on airwaters.
Sweek.
We don't have a whole series of hits in their heyday.
Sweek?
Yeah.
I don't consider them obscure.
I got their greatest hits.
Let's see.
You're getting sucked in because you said that word.
Let me one more time.
Okay.
I realized it's our new to one hour.
And I don't want to pee on our parade since it's such a beautiful day.
It's about 400 degrees in the shade.
Who is the best all-time recording artist who was not.
I underline that.
How does it sit on air?
Yeah.
It's even Eric underlined it.
Who was not a big star?
Right.
With Sweek, a huge gigantic group.
And in their day, they were big, especially down here.
I heard them on the radio all the freaking time.
On this station, no less.
On Q-A-M?
On Q-A-M?
On Q-A-M?
Box on the road every five minutes,
whether you like it or not.
Q-A-M.
We're going to do something about him that Mark Morgan.
No, I'm serious.
We're going to send him off on a ship.
I like Boob Chambi a lot, but we're sending two of them away.
For a happiness unplanned.
Some people need an implant, they need an unplanned.
Well, I'm looking this up.
I want to see how many big hits we've had.
And Blitz, little Willie Lee.
Box on the run, ballroom blitz action.
Love is like oxygen.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Pop rock.
Pop rock.
Say that again.
Pop rock group formed in England,
Brian Connolly on vocals.
Andy Scott, Steve Priest and Mick Tucker.
Connolly died of liver failure.
I'm a kidney failure, 210 97, age 52.
You know, every time you look up either on movie star or a rock star,
somebody in the group or sometimes the whole group or an individual singer,
they never come to like a happy end.
You know what I mean?
Who does?
Just like all those child stars.
Oh, you want to blow your brains out when you see what eventually happen to most of them.
God, besides Ron Howard, can you think of one that wasn't screwed up?
Robert Blake.
Oh, sorry.
567, 0560, pound five.
But you keep saying he did the right thing.
He did the right thing.
I didn't say that at all.
I better go out and get the tabloids.
You're going to see some real good stuff in there.
Plus tomorrow's Wednesday, we got the big Wednesday.
Noone in comedy bits are.
I don't know about you, but I'm getting a little burned out on the mow bits, you know.
I mean, I have no compulsion with ripping that silly old man and answer every day,
but I just, I don't know.
I'm tired of you.
Because he says so friendly towards you lately.
No, that's got nothing to do with it.
He's not friendly toward me.
Get lost, mo.
You stinky, skanky old, cute, you idiotic old piece of dirt.
Oh, and last week we did the whole The Noon Noon Hour with mow bits.
Yes, that said, he loved it so much.
He taped the whole hour.
I shouldn't have said that.
Oh, no.
Come to the QIM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
He talked to me.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
I'd like to add a couple of feet on mine.
Go ahead.
One or two.
Five or two.
A little, little feet to band.
Oh, a little feet.
I hate to tell you this, but I hate a little feet because I'm Zeta.
When I worked on Zeta, they played little feet like every two minutes.
I hate them, but that's okay.
It's good.
Well, you know, it's something because they weren't getting much error played at all.
They started in 1969.
They've been on a great rock and roll band.
Okay.
However, one other one, Benny Mordonis.
A Benny Mordonis in the swill of the night.
No, if I could fly.
I thought he did that thing something in the night.
If I could fly, it was Benny Mordon.
He was talking about the same song.
Oh, okay.
Is that the name of the song?
I didn't know.
We got it.
Thanks a lot.
I thought, wait a minute.
Have we done this one before Benny Mordonis?
I don't know.
What the hell was that?
Sort of a hiccup.
Oh, I don't mean that.
I mean, what are you playing?
What is it?
Oh, it's Brazilian Big Bad Music.
Oh, I like that.
That would be perfect to the Mohawar David and show.
Thank you, Barb.
Got a new box of CDs.
Oh, Benny Mordonis into the night.
Isn't that what I said?
That is what you said.
What did he say?
I don't know.
No, I said I had a wrong.
Listen, how many, look, when you got a mind clotted with horse racing,
and harness racing stuff, I don't have room for all these to sign.
I do pretty good.
I can usually tell you to label the artist, the serial number, the song,
and what data was recorded.
You know, if it's something I like.
Little feet in Benny Mordonis.
And it was okay, into the night.
It's moments.
Well, we did one hit wonders.
Didn't Benny Mordonis do pretty well?
I did.
We're cool.
And you'll be pleased to know that I still have all of that stuff.
All of my bottom drawers down here.
I still have all of that.
So one of these days, when you people least expect it and probably least one it,
will bring back that one hit wonder stuff.
Do it wrong.
Huh?
That went was pretty good.
It was fun.
I had a good time.
It was a lot of fun.
The only problem is I spent about $50,000 going out there and buying music.
And of course, if I had any music capability, audio capability on my computer.
And then this morning, Georgia Sam, where you know, you could always burn stuff on a CD.
Uh, that's one of those either, huh?
No.
You think that Bob Ramoth came up here and bought me a, I mean, I'm even going to talk about it.
What's the use?
It's the beesleaves, baby.
It's the measley, measly.
And then of course, look down on the floor there right by your feet.
And you'll see that real nifty computer that I paid for.
Boy, it works like lightning.
Yeah.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
I got one that I did a little this is a group.
That's all right.
The Dixie Chicks.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Huh?
Huh?
You know what?
You know what's how he sounded like he was squeezing his big toe when he was saying that?
He didn't say Dixie Chicks, didn't he?
Yes.
Chicks.
Okay.
I'm sure.
27 past noon at 5.60 W-D-Q-A-M.
Fantastic Tuesday.
What do you think the temperature is around here?
Celsius.
30 minutes.
Close.
In fact, you know something?
Let's see.
Human X, 20, said boy, it's hot.
It is hotter in a witches' behind.
Look at that.
The mighty Dutch beat the Red Wing.
There's the tape again.
Oh, boy.
Brian Murray in the crowd beaten Detroit.
That makes me so pleased.
I know it's going to piss off a lot of those phony Red Wing fans down there in South Florida.
All these bad wagon jumpers wouldn't know the goddamn Red Wing's if you stuck Steve
Reisman's nose in her butt.
They probably like it.
Let's see.
P-O-P 30, 30% chance of showers.
And what's that temperature, baby?
In U-V.
See they go through this whole long song of dance on city pulse here?
All I want to know is the temperature.
Mainly sunny.
And right now, as I speak in the GTA, 24 at 75.
Oh.
It's just past noon.
Can you believe that?
That's incredible.
What's the temperature there?
Give it a take.
We say like 80?
About.
And they're predicting a high of 83 today.
It's going to be the temperatures about the same.
So who the hell needs to be there?
Right.
Come right down to it.
I don't.
28 past noon at QAM.
Hey, if you want to get a real job and start making some real money and get out of your dead end.
If you feel like you're just wasting your time going to work every day and getting an crappy paycheck,
like Carlos does, call our friends at Fast Train and get yourself a new high-paying computer job.
In just four short months they can have you trained and ready to rock and roll into a great job,
making a big fat worthwhile paycheck.
It's easy.
Just call this number 1-866 Fast Train.
They offer convenient day evening and weekend classes for you.
You can check them out of the web if you like it.
Fast Train.com before you call.
And of course because they have locations all over town, you don't have to schlep long to get there to get your training.
Because Fast Train has got their locations in Miami, Kindle, Pymber, Pines and Fort Lauderdale.
There is Boundabout BU-1 nearby you.
So get out of your dead end job once and for all and get trained for a computer job that's going to pay a big bucks at Fast Train.
Register at Fast Train.com to receive your free American flag.
Bumper sticker and wave that baby proudly.
Call Fast Train today 1-866 Fast Train.
My, my, and Lord.
This is Fort Rail 560.
Way, way, yeah.
This old man Dick Cheney.
He had an G.O.B.S.C.
Had a heart attack.
Had a whack got him a full stone.
Next time he's not coming home.
Hey, here's the delight back.
But let's do another one.
This time with the president.
This knit with his name's Bush.
He's a hemorrhoid in the Tush.
He picked a guy who would die.
So he'd be alone.
There's nothing in his empty tone.
Bumper E.C.
Bumper E.C.
52M.
Happy Tuesday to you on a great day for the Irish day.
I'm not too good for the Muslims.
Here's the fact that says I can name you a few child stars who are still successful and not so screwed up.
Kurt Russell married to Goldie Hahn, right?
Right.
And I, you know who else I think is taking a shine to Kurt Russell now that Walt is dead?
Who's that?
Oh, I know.
Helen Hunt.
Helen Hunt?
Yeah, I guess.
Oh, yeah. I think I saw a thing on the biography channel about Helen Hunt.
And Jody Foster.
Oh, Jody Foster's not a little screwed up.
Well, I always thought he had a little, I mean, she, how, how does that make her screwed up?
What?
What, what are you trying to say?
I'm trying to say that she's a dick.
That was your point of thought.
Everybody's only speculating we don't know about that.
That's George that's making us kind of whatever.
And if she is, he's perfectly entitled to be a dick.
No, no, no, no.
And one that's successful but but screwed up his drew bear more married is it in times of going to our close personal friend.
I don't, I can't handle her.
I don't know what it is. I just, uh, something about she walks.
She walks.
She's what it is.
She walks.
Yeah, what she realized that they actually did cut off one nut.
I think that kind of turned her off a little bit.
Huh?
I was wondering what the problem was.
That could have been part of it.
Or maybe the fact that he was something.
Who knows? Who knows what any of these people are.
Quite frankly, who cares?
They're entertainers. Why do we have to be so concerned with host, who's sleeping with whom?
You want to know why? Because we're nosy.
Yeah.
And it's something fun to speculate about.
Sure. Sure.
Sure. Have a good time.
Neil, read this says, Pete, three pages.
I mentioned this is Pete the chronic board off must be.
Yeah. No, it's a Peter Peter.
No, it's a different Peter pumpkin eater says.
A time to break silence.
US complicity and silence crimes against humanity.
Well, I'm going to save this for tomorrow, Pete, because I don't have time to read it.
Or do justice to it. See what I'm saying? It's three pages long.
Right.
Roy Kooter and Taj Mahal.
Well, if we get to say Kooter a whole bunch of times, and I say yes.
No, who are those people?
I don't know.
Taj Mahal. I don't know.
But I don't know. Roy Kooter, I just like saying it.
Right. Right. Kooter.
Okay. Kooter. Kooter. Kooter.
I don't find it that amusing.
Kooter. Yeah. Kooter. Kooter.
Anybody else out there find it amusing?
No. How about you, Beena Boy?
Kooter.
I could have put it on the list, but I'm not doing it.
I'm not putting, I know where I Kooter on the list.
Although people might be in gravity, this is where saying it that much.
Kooter. Let's just start saying that every day on the show tonight.
Kooter. Shooter.
Shooter. It's the show to that.
Kooter. Kooter. Kooter. Kooter. Kooter.
Sure. Sure.
Sure. So beats the Mohawar David, a show with a bad hair piece.
Who is the best all-time recording artist who was not a big star?
Frank Zappa 35.
Todd Rungren 9.
I like that.
Ani DeFrocco 7.
Roxy Music 7.
Conway to a Twitty.
And Harry Connick Jr. and Carl Perkins and Kate Bush each have five.
Kraftwerk.
Willie Dixon.
Gino Vanilli, they have four.
Donnie Errissan?
Oh, Donnie Erriss. Have it if my glass is on.
I think I had something on the Irish or my cornea.
Donnie Errissan, Leon Redbone, each have three.
And it's just getting going here.
We have hundreds of votes.
It's only been up there for a little while.
117 votes.
So it's up there for your perusal.
A lot of amusement.
And don't forget we have about 400 very important bedtime stories on there today for people who want to learn something about what's going on.
See, I feel by doing that, I mean, there are some really concerned people who are going to waste their time with us.
Because they're reading all of the websites.
See what I'm saying? Right.
But not everybody's got time to do all of that.
So I try to do it for you.
And so we go to a lot of the different websites and find the stories that I think are the most important for you to read.
Not a lot of right-wing propaganda. You can get that anywhere else.
Everywhere.
Like on the Grudge report.
Oh, 73% popular. You should see it today.
You'd put...
No, no, no.
Man, at Miss Grudge, you talk about a self-hating screamer.
It's just amazing to me.
And how my good friend Lynn consorts with that creature I had there.
He must have naked pictures or something.
I just don't understand it.
Just squeezing himself.
He reminds me so much of Joe McCarthy and Roy Cohen.
K. Edgar Hoover.
Ari Fleischer.
Did you say K. Edgar Hoover?
See, there you go again.
First is Jodie Foster and I was poor at Miss Grudge.
I don't know about Jodie. W-Q-I-M.
Neil, have you seen the latest Rodney King story?
The latest one?
The latest Rodney King story?
No.
You apparently was driving a hundred miles an hour down the road.
It's in the sun setting along line.
Seven hundred miles an hour down the road bouncing off.
Twelve home poles, cars, chain links, sets, and houses.
So as police said, they suspect King was intoxicated.
King was black, was chased blah, blah, blah.
He didn't know how to put it again.
Fancy guy, man.
Is it great?
And this is where you're right is.
This is fantastic.
But not really great.
Fancy guy.
You know what I say?
I say put them out there again.
Let's see what we can do to them.
Yeah, you know, it's great.
2001 PCP, Captain, in Disney's closure, October.
This guy is a real classic.
Okay, thanks.
I'm open for it.
That's mental.com.
Thanks.
Sun Sentinel, major combat declared over in Iraq.
Let me move my mic over here.
Be today's deadline, but don't mind the details on a tax thing.
Bradenton man sentenced to 40 years for sex with toddler.
I don't see the story.
Huh?
Do you see it?
No.
Of course, I'm over here by the tax machine.
Put my phone in.
No, I'm on the Sun Sentinel website right now.
Well, let's see.
News.
Nation in the world.
I guess it would be there, right?
I don't want to take too long on this.
US Racky's open dialogue on a future.
Nothing in here about all this.
California police did a test to see if the missing body is Lacey Peterson.
Breaking national news.
Pittsburgh Penguins fire Rick Kehoe.
He's still looking to keep him through the Kehoe.
I don't see it.
Oh, there's something about Mike Oxlong.
Yeah, he gets around.
Article in there about Mike Oxlong.
I don't see the Rodney King thing, but I'm sure somebody will find it inside of to us.
WQIM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
All right.
All right.
Stop 30, man.
Mad dog on a way to work.
You're not fooling us.
By the way, get that red stuff off your post.
Lips five, six.
I beg your pardon.
He's got red stuff on his post.
He's all licked up from.
Wow.
He's still boost over WQIM.
Yeah, hi.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
It sounds like me.
Oh, good.
OK.
I got a couple I'd like to put on here if I can.
Sure, go ahead.
I don't know.
You're almost.
Wait a minute.
Wait, I'm just not a, it was a huge star.
OK, well, let's go on a little bit more.
Did it show?
Yeah, but he didn't have individual.
That's from the classics four.
Right.
They had no, he didn't name it.
He was a leaf singer on four of their gold records.
But we can put the classics for on here.
I like that.
OK, great.
OK.
I used to work with him a little bit.
J. Black.
J. and Americans were pretty big, I would say.
We're OK.
And we're not the last, last but not least, Duane Eddie.
Duane Eddie was a pretty big star too.
I don't know.
No, he's too big, too big for this.
Thanks.
I'm with you on simply red too.
I liked him very much.
Yeah, he was great.
Great, great choices, by the way.
OK, thank you.
Bye-bye.
Classics four, Duane Eddie was a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big.
It's organic.
In fact, you still have a tough time sipping up them pants.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
Well, you used to hide his guitar pick under his pound five, 60 on the 18t and Verizon
wireless line.
I don't know what you're laughing about, Couter.
Huh?
I think we're going to start a whole new thing in soft water, baby.
We've done it.
You know, it's been a long time since we come up with a new expression.
You know, I mean, all the other stuff from years ago was fine in its time.
You know, but now, Couter.
Yeah.
So, in fact, don't we have the Couter hunter?
Yes, we do.
Yeah.
There it is.
Today on Couter, we're in Washington, DC, the nation's capital, to try and get a glimpse of
the nocturnal kneeling intern.
We can recognize the kneeling intern by their playing features.
You'll never find the kneeling intern all decked out in bright colors.
Not at all.
They're very ordinary.
Usually on the heavy side with large, big, big, protrudence, like a huge two-can nozzle.
Sometimes with big hair like in the 80s, bum jovey pants.
Ah, I see one right over there.
I can smell it from a mile away with the hairspray.
Aquanet, I believe.
Let's see if we can get her attention.
Hey, sweetheart.
On the new freshman senator from Arizona.
You leave that with this accent.
You're really stupid.
How'd you like to take a senate pole?
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, Mars, she's an aggressive one.
Well, it looks like I'm going to be busy for a while.
So, and then, next time on Couter, remember that protection.
Ah, that's right.
Right, hearted.
From 42, he said with a gulp.
Couter time.
Let me tell you one thing.
If your carpet looks like crap, if it's got all kinds of nasty rotten stuff in it,
if it's looking really schmussy, here's the answer.
One easy call to my good friends at July Concepts,
who I've been using in my house for over 21 years now.
And I'll do the same great job for you that they've been doing for me.
That's why I've been calling them every year because they make my carpets look just like brand new.
And in a house where I've had a couple of dogs for many, many years,
and all the other crap that goes on on the floor,
kind of only knows if we don't want to talk about it.
It's not easy to make them look good, but dry concepts dry cleanse your carpeting,
and they also do a stompendous job on your upholstery leather furniture,
area rugs, your expensive oriental rugs,
make them all look just like brand new at a very reasonable price.
And when it comes to price, they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
No ripoffs, no tack-ons, no crap, no game plan.
They give you the written guaranteed price.
They go about doing a job, your carpet smell, and when they first turn a couple of hours,
and you'll be amazed, you'll think everybody will believe that you just had brand new carpeting laid.
Right there on your floor.
So, call them today, call dry concepts tool free,
1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071, or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
With dry concepts, it's true, you're clean today, and you can entertain tonight.
Fire the local, this is 560, the radio's on your top.
You win!
This spring, Fox TV breaks new ground as a follow-up to the smash hit,
married by America.
Fox presents a show with even more on the line.
These three alkyd operatives will tell you about themselves.
They'll admit past transgressions.
They'll introduce you to their families.
Then, after several weeks, you pick the lucky terrorists that will be...
...mamed by America.
Let's meet a couple of the contestants right now.
And all my name is Tony, I've lived all over the world.
I'm most recently, I had a condo in a zlava bond.
Before that, I lived in Paterson, New Jersey.
I enjoy making my own exploding chulaces,
and developing weapons of mass destruction in my own garage.
Terrorist number two.
First of all, I resent the use of the word terrorist.
I am a freedom fighter.
My name is Calib Shakeya Booty.
I live in my car under the golden gate bridge,
with my nine untraceable cell phones.
In my spare time, I enjoy sending anonymous threatening letters to congressmen.
And I played Duteronomy in the Toronto Players production of Cats.
I think we've heard enough.
Wait a minute, what about the other guys?
I don't think there's any need to continue.
You are going to be named by America.
Now, when you say name, then what's that all about?
Do I do I recover from this?
Not so much.
Not even after a link to hospital stay.
Not so much.
Oh!
They shot me in a flood!
Ooh, can you still walk?
Yeah, yeah, I'm living pretty good.
I've lost a lot of blood, but I'm okay.
Oh!
You can't shot me in the other flood!
Can you walk?
No!
Then you've been named by America.
This is great!
It's a tough 47 at 560 WQM.
What about meatloafs?
Is this one fax?
What do you think?
He was a big star.
Yeah, I was going to say meatloafs pretty big.
Especially with gravy.
And popular too.
By the way, do you know who the communist pick is on Waxi from 8 to 9 a.m.
This morning he was defending cancerous recent atrocities.
No, I don't.
I'm glad that I'm not hearing it.
Here's the article.
Thank you whoever faxed from the Boston Globe website.
Rodney King, whose video tape beating led to the deadly 92 riots in Los Angeles,
was hospitalized with the broken pelvis after he lost control of his SUV while weaving through
traffic at 100 miles an hour.
And crashed into a house pulley said, how do you like that?
What a classy guy.
King 39 was spotted Sunday by a police officer who said King was speeding and weaving through traffic
in his 2003 Ford expedition when he slammed into the way utility pole, a chain length fence,
and then the home pulley said, no one thanked goodness and the home was injured.
King was in fair condition yesterday afternoon.
Hospital spokeswoman Jorge Valencia said his condition was not available.
Today his hospital officials did not answer any phone calls.
Police said this suspect of King was intoxicated.
Oh, and a blood sample was drawn to determine his blood alcohol level.
Test results have not yet been released.
You know what I think it might have been?
Kudder?
No, the number.
Oh.
Doctor, the man.
King was not arrested but it report detailing the crash circumstances will be some
circumstances.
Oh, we'll be submitted to prosecutors policed within the Kathy Kudder Thompson said.
King who was black was chased by police through the San Fernando Valley in 1991 was captured on
video with a being beaten by four white police officers.
After their acquittal riots broke out lasted for four days, they've been 55 dead more than 2000 injured.
The man caused a billion dollars in property damage.
King later received $3.8 million settlement from the city of LA.
And he's obviously putting it to good use.
I thought Rodney used scumbag.
Oh, my God.
Man.
Ah.
W-Q-A-M.
Hola.
All right.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, damn.
Yes, ma'am.
Got one for you.
Okay.
Spirit.
Spirit.
I love spirit.
Excellent choice.
I got a line on you.
That's it.
Thanks.
Well, don't quote while you're ahead.
Thanks.
We love spirit.
No way.
Oh, you sure?
Don't have it.
No more.
It's probably around somewhere.
It's probably in here.
It's probably in that post.
We got off to the side of 8500 CDs.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah.
Miramar.
Yes, sir.
Miramar.
Let's go to Miramar.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Don't forget Rupert Holmes, the Phoenix a lot of song.
Also a playwright and all sorts of things.
Didn't we put Rupert Holmes on there?
He's already on there.
Oh, is he?
Okay.
A spy report.
The big O has a full house at McDonald's.
The rent there.
Yeah.
Since we're talking about hurt is racing.
What about Ray Rimmond?
What about Ray Rimmond?
Well, you haven't mentioned Ray Rimmond in a long time.
Not with my money.
No, Ray Rimmond.
No chance.
Good horses, but he can get lost out there with the best of them.
Soak and Ronnie Pierce when he feels like you're getting lost.
Hey, Ronnie, you know, you're pretty good, but anyway, I don't want to go into that thing.
Okay, good to press.
We had such a great time at Pompa No Park.
Nice going there, Steven Dick and Brian Sears and Kevin Wallace and Bruce E. Ranger.
And once in a great, great, wild, Wally, Tennessee, hey, Wally, how's it going, eh?
Wally over here this way.
Hit him again, Wally, as you're fading back in the midstretch.
Very always disappoints, Gold Wally.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah, our first lady of the day is our only one.
Oh, you've got to be kidding.
Now you're the only one.
I listen religiously.
Good for you.
I just, I have kind of an unusual situation in life.
I do listen to you every day.
And I have to say I'm a only born-in, Shix off from Shaboygan as in Wisconsin,
although I live in Kewlago now.
I'm trying to remain anonymous.
Good.
But I have the unusual circumstance of being born into a family in Wisconsin.
My grandfather's father was governor.
My grandfather's brother was governor.
And Joseph McCarthy was a regular dinner guest.
Oh, my God.
And my mom used to tell me, oh, you know what I'm talking about.
Yeah, growing up, how, you know, dinner was never served till 10.
There was an awful lot of an diving going on.
He would open his briefcase and he'd always have a bottle in there.
I mean, up by eight years old, I knew who Roy Cohn was.
Right.
I think he was, I think he was kind of Mardi Cohn.
He was a Mardi Cohn, I believe.
I think so.
I think it's just a rumor.
But also, she was primarily divorced from the family with no representation.
Got out with nothing but me and my brother.
And, well, subsequently, the way I was raised, she marched on Selma.
By the time I was 13, I was sitting on the Capitol steps.
Okay, I got just a few seconds.
I got a run.
I got to do the break.
Oh, you do?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
You want me to hold on?
No.
What's the upshot?
Oh, well, I'm just glad to have such a broad perspective in life.
And what I'm saying is we are in extremely treacherous times.
Amen.
And you need to question everything.
And I teach my children.
Question your government.
Good for you.
Okay, thanks a lot, sweetheart.
I got a run.
All right.
Thank you, Neil.
1252-560, QM, if you want a great meal of feast, Emerald Coast Chinese buffet that were
in sunrise, North-Mailage, and now in Pembroke Pines, six different kinds of soups, dozens
and zidins of delicious crunchy entres, beef and chicken, and seafood and all kinds of
other good stuff.
Oriental surf and turf on the weekends, New York strip steak made it one of the gourmet
centers, sizzling Asian grill, featuring teriyaki steak, and shrimp chicken, seafood,
hand-carb prime rib, and no headaches at the Emerald Coast.
They don't use any MSG, no cornstarch.
They cook only with cholesterol-free oils, no crap.
The buffet at Emerald Coast features a full salad bar, new sushi bar, and fresh room cocktail
too.
And Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators, lobster
bisque, and try to shovel some of the dessert in your pants too, because what a dessert
bar with pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh
food as well.
Hey, Richard, how about them leaves?
Go leave school, baby.
Three locations, Emerald Coast is in sunrise, pineapple to 44th Street, Collins Avenue
just north to 163rd, North Miami Beach, intersection to Flamingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke
Pines, 9545723822 for the world famous Emerald Coast Best in Universe Chinese buffet.
Three thousand people killed are now forgotten, and exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted, going after satan too.
Plain potato summa, there's no longer mention of.
The name in law is what no one seems concerned of.
I'll be in complacent, believe in every word of this car challenge administration.
That control is my fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and
over and over and over.
So our heads, you turn at our aggressive weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ass-broadly saying.
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying.
I know being a cattle don't have any reservations,
doubtable vocabularity, world annihilation,
old regimes must fall, it's had a virgin and so, with no objection at all.
Timber crap don't have the fault and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over.
The law for rain was hit by rag-assum and then the mass destruction.
Only I rag-assum and then the mass destruction.
Now take it to the Frank Zappel people are just going nuts today, right?
Frank Zappel's kicking ass.
Well good.
He's trying to kick his way out of that box.
52 loss for the Zappelmeister.
Todd Rungren 13, Harry Connick Jr. 10.
Carl Perkins and Conway 20 each have nine.
What about the Kuderman?
How's he doing?
So get on there and vote your guts out.
We got the mad dog coming up next to Hopper.
Hopefully we'll be back today any word?
No.
The Hopper will be back.
Trust me three o'clock this afternoon.
Bye bye bye!
What else?
What else?
Can you rest your show and time to keep the link QAF?
My name is Conway.
Oh, Jesus, are you f***ing carrying me?
