oh
When I'm watching basketball on TV
One man is annoying me
yelling words of nonsense
tick-a-vee-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e
And when someone goes baseline, he starts screaming things don't age to leave
Screaching like a fetchy, tick-e-vee
Tick-e-vee, tick-e-vee, tick-e-vee
And tick-e-vee, he should shut his pie hole, tick-e-vee
Err...
When he is on camera, the player from his head is blindly me
Where did this guy come from? Tick-e-vee
Everything is awesome, and everyone's his BTP
Wish he'd keep his traction to give me
Tickky-vee, tickee-vee
Tickky-vee, tickee-vee
Tickky-vee, tickee-vee
Tickky-vee, tickee-vee
Here's an example of you put somebody in the way of the way of knowing on TV a whole bunch of videos will say he's really great
919 at 560 WQ AM. You know we have so much crap. I don't even know where to begin that
That one huh?
Oh, we'll get to it just relax about the facts. Okay. We'll get to the facts just like Jack Webb
Where we have all these calls when we don't really need any right here's Miami. Hello
Miami. Oh
Good morning and back to you
I'm sorry I wasn't able to catch all of your program yesterday morning
I finally got to work and had to get out of the car. Yeah, I was
Tempted through the tool was by tiny Tim on that list. No, that would have been a good one
Oh, okay, and even though this wasn't actually a commercial song it wasn't commercial
It was the screechy B.I.N.G. or the Florida Florida lottery about two years ago
It kept me away from the Florida lottery for six months. You don't have a nice day and back to you
I guess what we're gonna do is pick up for the
Apparently, you know what I don't care. I don't care. Whatever makes them happy
That's our job here to entertain the masses out there make them happy
Now here's a fact from a chronic a fact from West Palm who loves me like crazy by the way
So good we like him a lot anybody it sucks around
Especially if they suck real good. It says I tuned into mole for a little bit this morning hurt
His Percy like comedy routine, but the funniest part was moments before
Nearly as so nervous that his trigger finger was really jumpy. Oh, I heard that a
Caller I heard that a caller called in with the deep voice and said Goldie
What do you think about the Kansas-Chances night and right away Mo
Went click and cut him off got the events that he was asking about Miami's basketball game tonight in the big East tournament
It was hysterical Mo beg for the guy to call back and got to know give up the number about three times
He's a nervous fellow with Disney should be well
He must have seen that article by Greg read with very jackass
It was a mistake. Sorry. I didn't mean to do that. Yeah, I heard that. Yeah, that was very amusing
Yeah, in addition to which I mean, why is he begging the other guy to call back were they that desperate for calls?
Come on. I mean, what's it all about Mo who gives a crap about that?
God butch up a little bit you silly old man
And I probably do have pants that are older than the beast and older than Robert Griefer
By the way, you're not gonna get the beast laid. I'll tell you that right now
If you would start up a Helen Keller school for the blind
Hey, that's a good idea you there you go leave it to me you might have a chance
You know, I've got a really interesting question speaking of the beast
Yes
Now I'm thinking if you could find a woman. I'm not gonna say okay a woman of any
Just what he may so far. Okay woman who looks basically like him
Oh, yeah, what do you have sex with her? You see what I'm saying in other words?
Um, you had no seriously listen to me. Yeah, cuz I'm asking myself the same question
What I have sex with somebody who looks like me other than myself. Of course, and the answer is obviously no chance
No way right right would
Carlos have well, I mean let's fix it even know what they are. I mean he's an indeterminate origin
You find a one of the sand. Yeah, no, that's a very good part. Huh?
I'll ask him. I mean for example what hey do you think Hank would have sex with a woman who looks just like him?
No, no chance he knows better, huh?
Seriously stop and think about that. I think it's a magnificent point
No, it's like that old guy would have sex with somebody. I'm talking about people. I want to go screw around
I'm talking about happily married people
Happy horse like George like that old adage
I would never belong to a club that would have me as a member in another words if you're a big fat grotesque
Smelly ugly guy would you have sex with a big fat smelly ugly woman now? We do have somebody in a building
I'm not gonna mention his name on the air, but well, it would be a very poor taste
You follow what I'm saying you would never in fact he has his whole family is big and fat. It's the a fat family
So I guess that answers that question and maybe once upon a time nobody in that family was fat
You know, although I think when the kids were born they probably weighed about 60 pounds in that family
But I'm not saying which one I'm talking about right now. Yeah, and where's my mattress fat boy?
He sure talks a good game. You know as he waddles around on a walker
He's he's a graduated to a cane now all right. Let's hear it for fat boy
He's gonna be down there. I don't see him on your list
He's always there treasure Island he ought to be on this celebrity list
Oh, here is a West Palm Beach. Hello
West Palm is gone. Hello
Good morning. No, and good morning, New sir
Hey, I just passed your billboard on commercial just about a quarter mile west at 95
Right right big and beautiful and clean excellent. I've been carpooling with a friend of mine
I'll ask a couple of days to say by dance and he forced me to listen to that lunatic Randy Rose
What your fail what is your
Yeah, yeah, if you disagree with her
Yeah, all of a sudden she's become a big
Expert on the Middle East and I'm aware of fear. She's a maven now
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, she knows it all
Okay, she's there for people here. You're not old enough to listen to Randy Rose
Okay, next time your friend turns it on say when you get to be a hundred then you can listen
Okay, I'll follow your thing. Okay. Thank you
Peta
I tell you one thing she's never seen. Peta anyway five six
Huh
Right, we've got a career long here man. We haven't even given up today's pool yet, right?
They're still catching up with yesterday's pool and we will be giving all the billboard locations several times
That's a good idea, Mo. Mm-hmm. That's a very good idea. Oh several things though. I got to get to including the thing about these stupid thing about freedom fries on sale
Oh, oh god
The house of representatives
Show the flag and pass the ketchup was ordered the day yesterday in the house cafeteria's
Lawmakers struck a lunchtime blow against the French and put freedom fries on the menu. Oh my god
Yeah, exactly and for breakfast now they'll have freedom toast
Oh boy
Update now serving in all house buildings freedom fries read a sign that Republican representatives Bob Nay of Ohio
Like the dutsay Nay and Walter Jones of North Carolina placed it to register in the Longworth office building food court
Jones that he was inspired by cubby's restaurant in Beaufort, North Carolina in his district one of the first to put freedom fries on menus that a french fries and then we had that asshole
Jew a congressman area and that nothing what is he
Um, come a commissioner county commissioner in Palm Beach County. Yeah, try to do the same thing
I'm gonna what a juvenile bunch of crap. I mean don't we already look bad enough to the world?
Not acting like a bunch of overgrown children. I think we're freedom fries and how about a freedom kiss
Yeah, in fact, there gonna be a lot of freedom kissing at the atriz rylem tonight
Also israel monitor intercepts order war starting on March 18 so they say
The US military has been ordered to launch a war against Iraq on March 18 and israeli official said they televised report
Israeli government monitor Michael Gurdus reported late yesterday that the order was relayed by US Central Command to all American forces in the Persian Gulf
Gurdus told israel's channel 2 TV that he heard the order being relayed US fighter jet pilots and others
Of re-west military radio communications he intercepted he's regarded as the leading communications monitor in the middle east and works for israeli radio and tv
He's broken numerous stories because of his ability to intercept and understand foreign language civilian and radio broadcast and communications
He said the US military and its radio communication refers to Iraq as bad cows and kabab
Middle East news magazine reported
Maybe we're gonna go over there and skewer him
And by the way look out for a bomb bomb. Oh the big one they dropped a
Eggman Air Force base yesterday last thing I heard Pensacola has they're not finding it on the map anymore
927 at 560 and if they like carlos ss before the show he said what's the next one gonna be that's even bigger than the mother of all bombs could it be the MF OAB
Could be something to think about you know i'm saying Randy 927 at 560
I'd WQA if you're still very nervous about ordering a bet over the phone if you want to see it and touch it and feel it
Forget about that over a million people have done the smart thing like me
They bought a mattress over the phone from dial amacres and hundreds more are doing it every week because they finally caught on
You know dial amacres we talk about him every day on the program nothing's got a bigger impact on your life
Each and every day than the quality of sleeping at the night before so call 1-800 macros right now
And you'll have a great night sleep guaranteed from these folks because they've got all the top makers in universe
They got seely and service Simmons and king corp
Airby sized in style
dial amacres is right number one a customer satisfaction in the universe
dial amacres has more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat their customers right
And once you buy a mattress from dial amacres you'll never go back to the old-fashioned way in a showroom
Shlip it around comparison shopping wasting time and money again
And don't forget when you do buy your mattress and dial amacres they'll set up the brand new one and take away that crappy old smelly
Benning for free. Let me say it again. They take away the smelly old worn-out Benning and set up your brand new beautiful one
Absolutely free. So make the call now to dial amacres enjoy a great night sleep
1-800-MATTRES that's the number to call
1-800-MATRES for dial amacres the easiest the smartest possible way to buy you a great new bed
The next time you buy a great new car
We're supporting you 5-6-8-C
You AM
You Fudge Pack and most people are unaware that they have 7 to 10 pounds of compressed human waste packed in their bowels
You have feces hard packed in your bowels right now
Pounds and pounds of greasy filthy dung tightly packed snugly inside your body
Your intestines are lined with grease mucus undigested beef fat hair oil and a cheesy substance known as skin froth
Until now there was nothing that could be done
Introducing be clean an all-natural supplement that will within three days
Have you defecating your stale sour musty tar like ropes of manure making you feel lighter and healthier than you have in years
Call this toll-free number now for a free video and see for yourself an actual patient
Let loose his slippery repubment wall of bowel sludge in the comfort of your own home call today
All right 9-32-5-60 in order so separated between the breakfast and lunch
Yeah, but yeah, I stuck it right in the middle or so we don't make anybody uptruck before lunch
Well, let's call us be waiting a very long time, which is always a very telltale sign
You know what I'm saying? Here's Miami. Hello
Neah, hi, dogma friend. Okay, sir. I ordered the book Michael Moore already. I'm waiting for it to come all right excellent
So I'm gonna read all the stuff that's in it
Also you read the Miami Harold on Sunday. I don't know you don't you don't get the the little mullet rapper had a story on there about how
These Nazis are trying to catch all the people that are illegally downloading
Music of stuff. Yeah, and what they're going to do. I'm not sure if they're gonna do it or not
Is they're gonna put up themselves music on those sites and when you click on it to download it
They'll get your IP address
Go play
Internet provider like a well and all these other
People and get your name and address out of there. You're that call. She better cut it out
Yeah, there'll be knocking on his box up under the overpass
Hey, you got it man. What's you guys are talking about man. Yeah, he has no clue. But when I share all about
Thank
Yes, I'm hoping I'm getting one of the books
I hope you can get about half a dozen and I'll put your name all over it. I listen to your 24th step of my friend
Thank you, sir. No problem. See you
There you go. We need about a million like him. Yeah. What are we gonna do to get those ratings back up George?
Oh my god see if I was mo I'd be not worried about my ratings or hangs or man, do anybody else
I'd be worried about the February trend myself, see
I mean ours is gonna be terrible because we know that we're losing the big November and it's gonna be
I'm not making excuses. We know it's gonna be pretty weak
But in his case
He has you know, he's got to live up to like two good months in a row
Not just one month out of the blue that you know like an aberration see what I'm saying
He's gonna need a big February so I get that shift ready sharpen up real good if I were you just in case
Okay, well, where'd that come from? Why has he resurrected that? That's the second time this Maria heard that right
And he was like he was sharp enough and being the backstabber
I guess he's he's gone the whole gamut of everybody else on the staff
In the one year
So now we're like back to the beginning guys you were the you were the first one that he started with and now I guess
Doreen may have been the last one that had ripped an ass yet
So now we're all way back to the beginning and now he's gonna go after your ass again
So you better watch yourself mister
I'll watch my back
Because when he drops the bomb
It's gonna make that mother look like crap man gonna make her look like grandma
It's gonna be one mother moan uh maybe that's what that stands for
Moe of all bombs, huh
Here's our poll question today
Who do you and this is somebody again? We we always enjoy when they facts and good polls
This is the second one I think the last couple of weeks. Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die?
That's you know, it's kind of interesting. It's just speculation. We're not putting a hex on anybody
Although it would be kind of a bad taste if we have somebody on this list in the like
By tomorrow morning. Oh my god. You'll never guess who croaked. You know now that would be bad right
Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die and here's my short list so far the the facts here had most of these don I miss
Of course my question there would be how could you tell
He's Ronald Reagan
Jerry Lewis
Bob Hope
Catherine Hepburn which I didn't realize she was still alive and now that we know that she's gotta be right under the
Edge yeah and on this borg nine
Which also we checked out and found out that he's still alive at the age of 142 and so there's the short list now
See the clones are always starting to ring the cousin and of course if you want to put me on there
That's okay because I think you got a shot you know after that stroke and after working for these people
I guess I'll put myself on there. Why not you're a spring chicken
We're not talking about age. We're talking about people are not in the best of health necessarily handled and maybe on the edge
edge of death
And last night on smallville another repeat
You see it
No, I saw that it was a repeat so I averted it but it was the good one where he had the red rocks where he got his rocks red
Oh, David and he became real horny and he was kissing in the and uh
Freedom kissing Lana
How was that French kissing he was feeding kissing on don't say that
And then at the end John Schneider had to take that big huge mallet and it a whack that red
Thing the red rock yeah, good thing you didn't try to block it with the other hand. Yeah, that would have been almost the time
He just he just very uh, yeah
Cooperatively right right hand out there whichever hand it was and there you go
Just bust my thing and bust my ring and but I'm being in a whole thing fell apart and Clark came back to life
And everybody was hugging him and squeezing him. I'll tell you that that the scene of him there at the end
We're sitting there at the table real close-up was just it made me want to cry
You want to know I wanted to cry?
I don't like because he was so far away. Mm-hmm
Anyway, so here's this facts of a letter that was sent to great read general manager of wqa m
And of course it's unsigned Greg past it along to me yesterday of course my first impression was just like yours
But then after talking to the muffmeister muff always has to be like Greg's agent, you know, he's always got to be the buffer
You know what that's like he's got to be the buffer the interceptor
So anyway, he explained to me what this was all about this was sent as as good comic material which it was nice go on Greg
And by the way, uh, duff also told me to pass a message along
To George, which I'm sure you already know Greg hate you. Yeah, yeah
But anyway, so here's the letter
Dear mr. Read
As a long time listener of your radio station it is with deep regret that I'm compelled to inform you that
I've had it with the Neil Roger showers. Shall I say the Neil and George show
Let there be no doubt that Neil is a great talent. He is bright funny, articulate, entertaining, etc
What makes him so good is that he's totally unpredictable a lot of use to find myself trying to anticipate his next line
Notice that I said used to because I just can't listen anymore
The reason is quite simple that obnoxious producer of his Jorge George Rodriguez. He's got it spelled both ways
I see I respectfully now wait and wait what to do here the dates that he mentions in here and then start
Thing and put on your thinking cap and think of the week that this was and what was going on that week all right
I respectfully request that you listen to the tapes of the week of February 24th to 20th especially the 10th
11 hour which is when I used to listen
Rodriguez took over the show for our practical purposes to borrow a line from Neil
Rodriguez's as funny as a bleeding hemorrhoid well, that's right
He's as predictable as an afternoon thunderstorm during the summer and south Florida sounds gay and that's absolutely nothing to the show
Neil will say got it and he'll respond got it. Ha ha
Need that go on. I think not it's too bad, but I just can't take it any longer
It goes without saying that when Neil retires that I hope and pray that you don't even consider this no talent asshole for a permanent position
Please let Neil know how I feel. I'm sure that a great portion of his listeners feel the same way except that they don't take the time to express their views
I'll come back as soon as George is gone in the meantime
I'll continue to listen to the rest of your host by the way as George likes to see ad nauseam my favorite host is Ed Kaplan
Good luck. You'll need it signed and ex-listered in the orarger show
No name even
Yeah
Now if you put those dates in your mind February 24th of 28th when you had the the stroke and you were out
Don't know
No, that was a February about the 10 though
This is when I already came up here and remember I did the first week and I was getting a little bit better every day
And then on that Saturday night
I didn't have the heat turned on high enough and I woke up Monday morning and say you a note on the 24th
Which is the week he's talking about that I wasn't a beyond that day and you wouldn't even expect me to be on
I could barely talk I had sore throat bad head cold the whole deal was a hundred below zero here
And all of that week as the trooper that I am I showed up
And squeaked my way through but again depended on you to carry the show because it would thank goodness that George was there
Because I could barely talk with it with a raw nasty throat like a piece of liver
Right and here's this miserable nasty son of a bitch this obnoxious piece of third
Pix that oh it's that week a George took over the show. Thank God. He took over the show because I can barely talk
You nasty asshole you hey
I offered to call rimmer up and get in and and this type writing in fact
I'm gonna fact you a copy of this during the break I so you can see the typing because it looks very very very
Familiar okay another one of our antagonist out there who's listening right now who listens every minute of every god damn
They but let me say it again that was the week how amusing it is that he picks out that George basically had to take over the show a lot of part
Because Neil was sick as a dog, okay? Like he didn't know that
Now he didn't know these two god damn stupid spewing his venom and try to sharpen it knife
For you I'm gonna be surprised if he sent it you know what
One of his one of his boyfriends moe. It sounds like the moe myster to me him in one of his cohorts any crap
Let me just tell you right now any crap that happens
Even in irractor saying this to any crap that happens don't blame w blame mo
See what I'm saying if you should get hit by a bolt of light that that's right
If something happens if you have a hang nail if you pop a bad hemorrhoid
Whatever it is that happens moe and there's a good reason to suspect based on his behavior of the last year
For he might have his finger in it somewhere that's right. That's my personal feeling
942 at 560 W. D'Aume don't let me forget to fact you that to letter
Okay, now you're supposed to say see the guys right you're supposed to say be sure to fact me that letter during the break
Be sure to fact too late
Hey all you guys out there size makes a big big difference and we're talking again for the 8 million time because Todd
Rec refuses to send a saving new about your paycheck and according to the floated Department of Labor computer professionals
They've got really big paychecks. You know Todd rec I said you want thing
There's a guy to get say humongous paycheck everybody in a building knows that and what does he do nothing
Zero he writes orders. I don't think he even talks to the people. He just writes sliders
According to the state of floated computer careers among the highest paid and highest demand and going up every day to demand form
And so why not get out of your dead end job and start making some serious cash fast tranken up
You achieve that new high paying computer career and just for short easy months and because they're all over town
There's about to be one convenient and close to by where you are fast trains got locations in candle
Miami for a lot of the and now in Pemberton's and they've got day evening weekend schedules too
So no more excuses to stay at a miserable minimum wage paying crappy job working for some real schmuck
Call fast trade today and get all the information and get a real paycheck coming in call 1-866 fast train
That's 866 fast train. They've got full-time job placement guaranteed financing waiting for you to
Check them out of the web if you'd like a fast train.com or get yourself a big one by calling
1-866 fast train
like
And
Well
And in a glass in my sandstone
Chugging them down, then I'm good at tain
I can keep drinking Irish through all night
Next morning, something's not quite right
Something feels on the outside of me
The beer wasn't green and so is nothing
Staring at the bathroom, making green water
I went to the doctor to see once the matter
The X-ray showed that I got a green liver
Oi, ow
So down the panaceball, I spent the day old
Drinking myself to the pair of dogs
I know it knows again some doctors on us
But I got no wish to remain
So my mind is well, keep drinking of all
And if I green liver
Ow
Ow
Because I'm such a nice guy, we invited Mota
He's a little bit jealous, we got all those billboards up
He's got one and we invited him to come on a show and give the location of his billboard
I, I, I, I, I, come on Mota, you can do better than I, I, I, I
948 at 560 WQAM
All these facts is just pointing out you got that facts right?
Yeah, yeah, I got it
That doesn't look familiar
I'm referring to it
It does look familiar
It looks real familiar to me because this is a, we need child outcomes in Miss Marple on this one
Here's the fact that it says he'll be the next celebrity to die and it says
Oh, now see this isn't bad taste because this is...
Hopefully, not who would you like to sneak croak
But as long as I put me on, they will put Moe on there too, okay?
We don't want any of these people to die
We want them all to live forever
Anybody believe George?
No
No, we know, we can hear you sharpening up your knife
And Bert Lancaster is still alive, I don't think so
Yeah, he is?
I'm pretty sure
Get outta here, Bert Lancaster, I mean you got me on a couple of those other ones like Catherine Hepburn
Bert Lancaster can't possibly still be alive
I'm pretty sure he's still alive
No, he's not, he was doing all of those things on TV where he was like sitting and doing his one-man show
and mumbling about politics and this and that
And I'm sure he's dead, also Maureen or Herrick can't be alive
I'm looking them up
Look, both of those up
Now here's an excellent one, Johnny Cash
Absolutely, I already wrote it down
He, in fact, Rick from Tampus is Johnny Cash and it always looks like he's got both feet in it Rick
And another one perfect one, how could we not have gotten already?
It's just amazing to me how stupid I sometimes am
And the reason I remember it because I saw his promo on CNN
During the break
Yeah
Let me give you a clue
Oh, of course
Larry King, I got a couple
Oh, I got a couple of them
He looks like he's right on the edge, you know
In fact, you'll notice now he's so hunchbacked that he's almost going to fall over the edge of the table now
When he's interviewing these stiffs, he's like, the hunched right over to the edge of the table
One of these days he's just going to fall right over
Maybe he has Rickets
What about art link letter?
No idea
I don't think anybody remembers who the hell he is except for Vokabrion
Do you want to put him on?
Why not?
I guess, why not?
I got a couple
You do? Choices?
Yeah
Charlton Huston
Oh, now that is so in such bad taste you're going to get almost all upset
Do you son of a bitch?
Charlton Huston
And just because of recent health problems, Jerry Lewis
He's on there already
Oh, wait, there they have
George is worse than the caller
I was just going to say that
You're getting worse than he's caller
Oh, hi, could you put the Macarena on that list?
And speaking of yesterday's poll, there's still vote 9 yesterday
With the songs
Yeah
We could have dragged that off for days
Why didn't you tell me about that?
Did you find about Bert Lancaster or Moreno Harrier yet?
Yep, Bert Lancaster is dead
I told you that, he's dead
Oh, but Moreno Harrier is alive
No, yep
She's got to be
He's dead?
Yeah, he's dead
And she's alive
Well, one out of two in bed
In fact, they had her out of biography last night, Moreno Harrier
It's funny somebody should mention it, but I didn't watch it
Because I don't really give a flying crab about Moreno Harrier
You know, she's a little premire era, Moreno Harrier
Well, let's put her on there, Moreno Harrier
Don't be putting a Francis over here on there, he's already dead
You know, Francis over here?
No
How about Walter Case, Jr.?
Who?
Just a joke, anyway, I think the most annoying song of all time
It says is the one by Lee Greenwood, proud to be an American
That song makes me want to puke
It said it was good propagated during the Gulf War, but those days are gone
I wish the song was as well
Congratulations to me, my wife and I had a son on Monday
We're going to name him Neil
But the religious writer of the hospital wouldn't have lost his original thing
Congratulations, Pally
And yes, Pally, I got your facts too, Fatboy
You see that thing about the story about his friend, Neighbor Dave?
No
Which I'm not going to read on the air
I'm not giving that kind of publicity, okay?
That's an effect that Fatboy was out eating dinner somewhere with somebody
Recently, you know, oh, in fact, what?
He's a celebrity?
Fatboy?
Yeah, Jeff High
I said that earlier
Jeff High, and in parentheses, Fatboy
Since we're putting local celebrities too, as far as on the station, you know
I mean, if I'm good enough to be on air and mo then why don't we help out Fatboy?
Don I miss Ronald Reagan, Jerry Lewis?
Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die?
The Death Watch?
Bob Hope, Catherine Hepburn, Ernest Ward 9, Neil Rogers, Larry King, Johnny Cashmo, Howard Davided
Art Link Letter, Trout and Heston, Moreno Hara, or Jeff High, aka
Fatboy
Well, since we're doing people in the building, we got a lot of fat people in the building that might belong on here
Yeah, but most of the fat people in the building aren't old enough to be that ready
I mean, I realized that isn't always a, you know, criterion, but how about Hank?
Well, why do you want to put a Hank on it?
It's so odd, okay.
How about the Shady 2 Guest for the day at Hank?
I think there's something going on that we don't know about.
The Shady 2, George?
I took a Shady at Hank?
Well, by accident, I think he even took it at Mandage.
Oh, yeah, that's right about him.
I'm making some comment about Grace Kelly.
Yeah, no, I was confused.
Yeah, you were very confused.
You're just way off this week.
I'm going to read that facts again and start agreeing with it.
I think I could make some really good points at the lengthy facts that I read before.
In fact, reading it again will kill some really good time.
9.53, 5.67, 05.60, 05.60, only 18.
And he don't forget its Wednesday.
Means our big noon to one hour is coming up.
All comedy bits.
Which we will take requests for that by the way, by notice that they've been very kind and generally.
Once in a while we get somebody who will fax one in here and there.
And that's okay, because I think I usually use very good, if you ask me.
George?
George, man.
Here's Opalaka.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
I got a couple suggestions for your poll.
Okay.
Not that I hope it doesn't happen because I like them, but I think it's like 86.
It's Rodney Dangerfield.
Okay, he's on the edge.
And how about...
People like Rosanna Ben Laden?
Can you say that?
No, no, no, no. He's not a celebrity.
He's just a scumbag now.
Okay, then I was going to take you out to Johnny Cash.
So I guess that's it then.
Okay, so thank you.
One out of three in bed or two out of three.
Whatever you got.
Rodney Dangerfield.
In fact, remember the story in the Attabloids when we were doing Attabloids Tuesday sometime back?
Mm-hmm.
About how he was smoking up big fat ones in a hospital while he was in here from right on the edge.
He was right on the edge of death and he was smoking big fat ones.
He's a pip.
Five, six.
And fact, I told you that time at the MGM Grand in Vegas when I saw him in a little cart.
You know, there's little carts like golf carts they had that you drive around, whip around real fast.
They hit him on one of those and they let him use because I guess just in order not to be bothered by people.
And he was just whipping up and down the hallways and up to the elevator and whatever else.
That was him.
Okay, I got a question.
And you're not impressed.
Yes, no, is the Pope a celebrity?
I would say so.
I would say so.
I would say he's a major celebrity and I...
And you know, I actually even liked that suggestion he had to give us out of 72 hours to cut the crap to go into a asylum.
I thought that was a pretty good plan they had at the Vatican.
Yeah, but he won't do that.
And then they also said the Swiss guard are getting a little old and the Pope said that if you also promise to send all the cute young rackies here for a altar boy work.
Remember that?
No.
Wasn't that part of the deal yet?
72 hours to go into a asylum and also put the Pope and his followers into a asylum.
I think it was like that.
No, it's sure as how beat this crazy war that W is getting ready to whip up here now and the public is just, you know, it's interesting.
You look at the polls and I don't want to even get into this thing because what's the point?
But you watch the polls around the rest of the world and almost every goddamn country 80, 90% and the polls are going more and more that direction.
There's no need for war at this time.
A record had nothing to do with 9-11.
And in this country now because the public is so easily lit, oh, they're getting impatient with the UN.
And we got to go in there. We got to do this and he gassed his own people and he, oh, please.
Talk about monkey, see monkey, do talk about a bunch of lemons.
How fast can we jump over that cliff?
You know, just tell us how fast to jump and we'll give it our best shot.
God.
You can never complain about the intelligence of the American public like collectively because it's scary.
It's a scary.
9-50. How did I get out of that when we're having such a nice wonderful time talking about dead people?
Four minutes till 10 to QM. Now what's on the agenda?
They know ball games and crap. I sure hope not to later on.
Mad dogs on it one.
Thanks on three to seven a whole four hours in a studio where you can defend yourself against your intembrate comments.
Chico Panther people at seven because the Panthers host the Montreal Canadiens at the Macarena 7-30 tonight.
Eddie K from GA after the hockey game in Jo and Mark overnight.
Nice pristine schedule with the hockey game thrown in between.
Dougy Gilmore and Phil Howesley would leave now.
What do you say?
I also heard that we're bringing back Tim Horton and Alan Stanley.
Hey homeowners out there.
There's anything worth venturing out of the backyard to get a nice refreshing swim in a hot,
self-resouffle or today.
Looking at that once beautiful pristine pool of yours and saying, holy crap.
Oh my god.
What the hell happened here?
It's stained.
It's dirty.
It might be cracking in the pool too.
But you don't have to look at that mess anymore.
Just say no mo ugly pool and call our good pizons at Atlantic Marseille.
These guys are the couple of pool guys who sit in the pickup truck and went on a cleaning service.
They're real construction company using full-time employees, not subcontractors.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on and doing it right for 12 years now.
They're licensed and insured professionals and they even train other companies internationally how to do Diamond Brighting right.
And they'll give you the same price they give the contractors.
How can you beat that?
They're in North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach so call Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest installers of Diamond Bright.
Anywhere in South Florida they'll be happy to come to you and give you a free estimate.
And they also do a super job of pool and deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating and exotic water features too.
For the very best job called Atlantic Marseille, 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883.
Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright's a pool's best friend.
Diamond Bright in local time.
Here's Sports Video 560, she'll be a UAM.
You got me.
He's an American music icon, the original country punk.
And now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band.
It's the best of Johnny Clash.
Busy-reave, don't like him.
Flocking the Casbah.
A man in black is back on track with a very special version of Train in Bane.
Did you stand by me?
No, not at all.
Did you stand by me?
No way.
Yes, London's calling and they're saying hello to the best of Johnny Clash.
If I go there will be trouble.
And if I stay it will be double.
Hello, this is Johnny Clash.
And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy.
My brand new record.
So you've got to let me know.
Should I stay or should I go?
The best of Johnny Clash.
Look for it in the Combat Country section of your local record store.
Hey, Johnny.
Hey, Johnny.
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah, he's on the way out.
And he's taking a long road home, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, the slow, long road home.
I hear that train of color.
Paul Harvey's got to be on his way out.
Says Dan and we got him on there.
And Carlos, I think we're going to add some others because I noticed their votes are pouring in on there.
But we only got like five names, the original four or five or six, whatever.
I want to be pushing.
I already sent the last group to Eric.
Who's sick by the way.
Yeah, I feel better Eric, but get with it.
I emailed them the last group at the beginning of the break.
So feel a lot better real soon, Eric, but get with it.
No excuses, okay?
No slack and off.
Anyway, let's see.
Hank Goldberg Rodney Danger Field, the Pope David Brinkley somebody while somebody headed on here.
They didn't know the name.
The news guy who just about burned up in his house.
Poor David Brinkley is 82 and he's bedridden and he's in Lala land.
I guess he's got Alzheimer's.
Okay.
Very sad.
The first thing we had about David was when his eyeballs started falling out of their sockets right on ABC news.
Of course, you never watched that show this week with David Brinkley.
No, I'm going to start it.
It's following the W.A.K. you knew that there was real service there.
I'm serious.
And he probably still I still think he ate too much of that phony food that they make at Archudangels Midland.
So anyway, David Brinkley is on air.
Robert Blake somebody says which is a very good.
Did you see him at all?
Have you been watching the hearings?
A little bit.
My God, he looks like he's undergoing chemo and he's in bad shape.
His hair is like a skinhead now.
He's in bad shape.
And just because of that miserable bitch, I'm on your side on that now.
I don't agree with too much you say because you're usually wrong.
But on this one, I think you're right on top of it.
That bitch had it coming.
We ought to give him a gold medal, a purple star now, a purple jelly bean.
Or at least a bottle of shoe polish.
How much are you watching?
That's where you already die.
A bottle of shoe polish, yeah, they do the Ronnie Reagan on that hair.
Well, it's not going to look good if this thing goes to trial.
He has to be in court looking like that.
No, poor guy.
Let's see.
I'll read the whole list on.
I miss Ronald Reagan's or a Lewis Bob Hope, Katherine Hepburn or his Vorgine, Neil Rogers, Larry King, Johnny Cash, Mohari David, our link letter, Charlton Heston, Marino Ahera.
Oh, that's right.
He even wrote down.
He put Marino Ahera, not a hair.
God.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Jeff High, a.k.a. Fatboy, Hank Goldberg, Rodney Dangerfield, the Pope, David Brinkley, Robert Blake and Paul Harvey.
Now, isn't this poll a little bit insensitive?
No, it's really happened.
I'm just saying that because somebody will certainly call and say, nah, you've lost touch with the air.
We're not hoping for anybody to die.
We wish everybody would live forever.
Almost everybody.
But it just happens.
These dirt naps come along and it's just one of those things.
Five, six, it's just as inevitable as Greg Reid going to make another screw up in our lineup on these days.
As a matter of fact, Mo was talking about one way that we could help my ratings again.
He's talking about the billboards.
I got another better way.
You know how to do that?
How?
With a great lead-in.
Here's Sonny Isles.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got two for you.
Okay.
But you know what, George is great.
You are great.
And Evan, what all the problem is with all this ridiculous problem with what?
Well, I mean, the people are complaining about George.
He's great.
People are always complaining about everything.
That's the nature of main plants.
And that's the nature of the beacon, especially in South Florida.
I don't say it's the nature of the beast.
The beast got no problems.
It's going to baggage already.
No, but what about Billy Graham?
Oh, yeah. He's hanging on.
He is, I mean, he just knows the tolls on the other night.
If I was him, I'd be seeing a lot of extra prayers, you know.
And how about the last of the rat pack?
Joey Bishop.
There you go.
Is he still alive?
I guess he is.
Yes.
He's 86.
He's hanging in there.
He's hanging by a thread.
Okay. Thanks, Pally.
All right.
Thanks, Neil.
Have a great life.
Joey Bishop and Billy Graham, two great choices there.
I mean, you know, and then I wish we had a prize.
Wouldn't that be great if we had a policy?
That would not be good, you know.
Of course, if I croak, you don't want to be given up no prizes for that.
But it would be something like take up an office pool.
People speculate on these things all the time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT in the early running.
Bob Hope and Ronnie Reagan are pulling away.
But that's still only with his first few on air.
97 votes already.
But Eric, once he gets out of bed and takes a nice sip of herb tea
and crawls over to his computer, he'll get these other ones on air.
I'm sure.
Aren't you sure, Carlos?
Yeah.
Bob Hope 53, Ronald Reagan 31.
Which, who do you think will be the next celebrity?
And we say celebrity, just a famous person.
You know, there's nothing like a movie star.
The Pope ain't no movie star, neither am I.
Bob Hope 53, Ronald Reagan 31.
Jerry Lewis 7.
I'm a 5 Catherine Hepburn 1 Ernest Borg-Nine.
None.
And the rest of them were still hanging here in suspense waiting for the other ones to go up on the list.
See, it's not very exciting when there's a list of only three six or seven names.
Follow what I'm saying.
It's not very, uh, simple-ating.
It's not titillating if I can say that.
Can I say it?
No.
So, anyway, the locations of our billboards are...
We got four of them, by the way, Mo.
We got four billboards because they realized that they only had at least that for instance,
screwed up my time since you were a dodging old man.
It can only do three hours instead of six to ten like everybody else in the world does.
And also, uh, bad leading.
So, the least they can do is give us four billboards to try to get back the audience that you helped to blow out.
Thanks a lot, Mo.
I think he was involved.
He was up his sleeve, that fact.
Sharpen up your shift, man.
Get a real nice and sharp.
Like a spear, like a sword.
Here's a lady in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I hope I hope you're ratings.
My friend told me about you and it's my first ten listening.
Yeah.
And I'm already hooked, but I'd like to add to the list, uh,
I'm going right.
Marlon Brando.
Marlon Brando.
And by the way, he was on the front of it.
Did you see the tabloid where they said he was like 380 pounds?
Yeah, poor guy.
I mean, I don't mean to have some rating, but I think he's right on the edge.
He might just blow up, you know, he might just burst.
Yeah.
That's a lot.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
All right, you too.
Welcome.
Okay, there's a new list of that's two this way.
Oh, no.
First, then we have the ex-lister that hates George that sent that letter to Greg Reed.
I'm going to go to Greg Reed.
Aren't you impressed by that?
You saved that, saved a copy of that.
Oh, yes.
I've factored to you.
It's a frame.
I put that in my diary.
I put that in my employee file.
You know how they're always like to stick this stuff in our file?
I put that in there.
I put it in my crap book.
So that next time that they try to screw you over, and next time I get a call up here,
I've decided to terminate George Reed Reed.
See, maybe most start on your ass again.
Maybe that's why we get all these cost of comments on his show about you again.
About that book.
Guava, huh?
That's a point.
About that little beener, George, your Rodriguez.
You know, it was good, close buddy.
Hello, George.
Yeah, right.
Oh, yes.
Start sucking around now, Mo.
You're not fooling anybody.
You're not fooling anybody.
You silly old coot with bad varicose vans and a smelly dripping bag.
Who are you, kiddin' man?
Only one suggestion I have for you that could improve your life, Mo.
Take off those checkered pants.
That's it.
He must have already known.
Silly old coot.
Oh, and so the word in New York was, I don't want to say what Florida team recently played a game in New York over the weekend, like the Panthers.
But the word in New York was, uh, yeah.
When his name came up in conversation, he sure was high maintenance when he was here in New York, aka.
In other words, oh my God, you know, he was sure high maintenance when he was here.
In other words, a real pain in the ass that can't get along with anybody.
So all my co-workers, they're a Q&A.
Don't take it personal.
It's not just us that you can't get along with.
It's anybody anywhere.
Because for some reason we just aren't on the same wavelength.
We just don't have the same hair piece.
There's just something there.
We just aren't on the same, in the same universe with the old Momeister.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's the Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, or you've got to add alcohol.
You can get a list.
He's looking for a problem.
Al, who?
Al, go see.
Oh, I grew close personal friend.
Absolutely.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Absolutely.
And then his legal problems, I think he must be added quickly.
He's heading for demise.
Hey, was that you?
Was that Paul Harvey or Paul Harvey Jr.?
I won't make a comment.
I'll bite my tongue.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
Have a great day.
Al Goldstein.
Yeah, he's, although, you know, I don't, I don't think he's ever going to die.
But he's, no, seriously.
He's got the most amazing genes.
In fact, he's got two person together, I believe.
But I don't know how and how he does.
He's diabetic.
He weighs about 600 pounds.
He takes no care of himself.
Right.
He's in jail every other week now because everybody in the world is suing his ass.
George.
Yeah.
Well, let's say everyone that says, I wish you not, we're not, we're not suing you.
All is forgiven.
I wish it would have been in tanias to contribute to your pool.
If there's a more annoying song, then free bird by Leonard Skinner.
I haven't heard it slow ponderous on the Red Nucky National Anthem.
And though I never really mind the original Ghostbusters song,
be who you're going to call Maroon.
Jingle, oh, Maroonie.
Oh, I said, what's that got to do?
That's not, that's one of our fine sponsors.
Who you're going to call Maroonie?
Don't be picking on our good friends.
By the way, Atlantic did a great job.
Oh, thank God.
Atlantic Marcy, I'm in the bright of my pool near a year ago.
Did a great job.
Thank you, sir, very much.
But don't be picking on Maroonie, even though you don't like their jingle.
Let's see, there must, the must on any celebrity death watch list include.
Mickey Rooney, is he still alive?
Yeah.
He pops up every now and again.
Yeah.
Poor little Mickey.
People keep stepping on him.
Gregory Peck.
Oh, he can't.
He's got to be at least 110.
And Kirk Douglas, who stroked his way to Jingle.
If he can do it, I can do it too.
He wrote a book about that about his stroking about how his son about how Michael Douglas
pushed him up and made him like shake himself out of it.
Here's another one that says Kirk Douglas.
And also Rosemary.
Rosemary can't still be alive.
Don't know.
From Dick Van Dyke and the Hollywood, Hollywood squares.
I'll put these down, but Carlos, when you look him up, if any of you are in our date, I'll cross him out.
How are we doing on this pool now?
We got some fun.
I need a little more for the Rosemary.
What do you mean by that?
Is that her name?
Rosemary.
Rosemary.
That's her name.
She doesn't have a last name.
Rosemary, you little punk.
You don't know from Rosemary?
By the way, I still see the same six up there.
Are you sure that Eric didn't beat us all to the punch?
I can kill himself.
He might kill himself.
Probably one more of those breakfast burritos, man.
That'll do it.
Quit the eating.
Eric, you fat, cup of crap.
I wonder he's sick.
That's right.
They're my Eric.
So I guess it'll be up to you to get the other names on our website.
Schmuck, he doesn't have control over that.
Nearodgers.com, that's our website.
For all the new listener, we got both them.
1013 is 560 QA.M. Hey, if you want your carpets looking just like brand new.
Maybe if you have pets like I've had, they've made your carpets looking smell and feel really crappy,
literally and figuratively.
Here's the answer.
Our good, close, personal friends at dry concepts.
I've used them in my house over 20 years.
Everybody I know, my relatives, my enemies, my friends.
Everybody uses them because they're the best.
Nobody else in the world dry cleans your carpets.
It's the same kind of deal.
It's used to dry clean your clothing and it works.
They suck out even the deep-down dirt and the fibers of your carpeting which leaves them
looking and smelling just like brand new.
They smell em and he fresh.
They dry in a couple of hours and you'll be just shocked.
Your carpets look just like brand new's been laid on your floor and there's nothing like
it in the laid on your floor.
And also, of course, they do is to finish job within your upholstery by the furniture,
your expensive area rugs, the same great job for you.
And if you have a problem with pet orders and mildewaters, because by water damage,
no problem, they'll wave their magic wand, do this spectacular work and make them look just like brand new.
And here's the deal.
They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the work.
No one hitting charges, no tack ons at the end, no bad surprises, just a big smile on your push.
They give it a little rose at the end of the job you hand them a check and everybody's happy.
Do yourself a big favor, call them once.
You'll never have to call anybody else again.
Call dry concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or log onto their prestigious website at dryconcepts.com.
My life and law, this is 43516, the way you can weigh.
It's day 40 Miami Town at 560 WQA.
Hello!
Hello!
Hello!
How are you?
Who is this the maid?
No, this is your wife, Talia.
I like to speak with Tommy Metolia.
Hello!
Tommy Motto, the resident.
Prah!
What's going on?
Chiro?
No, no, Talia.
Talia, let me talk to the devil.
Please hold.
Tommy!
Tommy!
Yes!
Prah!
What is this?
You got the phone!
Oh.
Oh.
Hello!
Tommy Metolia speaking.
This is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job.
You lost your job.
Hey, I didn't lose my job.
I stepped down.
Oh, sure.
However you want to paint the picture, whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it.
But you lost your job.
You know, actually, it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Michael Jackson!
Yeah, can you hear that?
That's my Mexican wife, let me tell you.
It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day.
But if I got to stay home with her every day, I'm going to go crazy.
You're getting your just desserts.
Tommy Metolia, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food.
Jimmy Chungas, burritos, tostitos.
I got more gas than exonc.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will.
So you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, Tommy.
We're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Oh, jeez.
If it's not Chevy, it's T-keys.
If it's not G-keys, it's...
What's that drive in place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to be Ray Chu.
And all I'm getting is dribble and Jimmy Changa.
Ooh.
Admit it.
I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know.
Because I'm very, very, very devilish.
Ah, ooh.
I was delivered in America.
I was delivered in America.
You're delivered in America.
All right.
Hey, look, Mikey.
I got to go.
Okay.
I got to take it over to Taco Bell.
Debbie.
Okay.
Chevy, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
Mm-hmm.
All right, all right.
All right.
I got to go there, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to fart right now,
half the neighborhood would go up.
Ooh.
Stop.
If I...
Yeah.
10.21 at 5.60.
I'm not sure whether I like that one better or the Eisner one, you know?
Hmm.
Huh?
It's a tough call, man.
In fact, that'll be another pull.
Eisner?
Yeah.
It's all Talia though.
She's what makes it like it.
And nobody else has got any yet because they just went up on her.
Carlos.
God.
And we've added to our list, let's see.
Al Goldstein, I was right after Marlon Brando.
Mickey Rooney, Gregory Peck.
Now, did you look these up to make sure they're alive?
Yep.
They're all good.
They're all alive.
They're all alive?
Yes, sir.
Gregory's Peck?
Yes, sir.
Wow.
And Kirk Douglas, we know he's still alive because he's bragging about his stroke.
Rosemary, would you not even know who now that is?
I'm ashamed of you.
I do know.
She was on a Hollywood squares and she was on the Dick Van Dyke show.
Underlined the Dyke part in her case, Rosemary.
She was like a professional game show panelist person after she was on the Dick Van Dyke show.
Keith Richards, somebody says.
Okay.
Axel Rose.
See, I think they're thinking about drugs now.
They're thinking of heavy-duty drugs.
Red hour Bach and Bob Dylan.
See, Red hour Bach, George don't even know who that is because he's the former longtime coach of the Boston Celtics and General Manager.
And he always puffs on a big cigar and he must have good genes too because he's 140 years old.
Right, our Bach, nobody knows who that is.
And Bob Dylan.
He's still wine and away, man. He's still wine and not.
As a matter of fact, wouldn't it be a good time for him to start right up a whole bunch of protest songs?
Are we putting all of those on there?
Yeah, I'm reading you from my list that I've compiled here.
Mr. Confirmin, you better start catching up.
You guys are like, they late in the dollar short.
We only have a short show today because it's our Wednesday noon.
I know.
And all those new listener of ours that we've got, they're going to be shocked that on Wednesday we play solid-cannon.
It's from noon to one every week because it is hump day with some very corny assholes say that hump day which we find disgusting.
But nevertheless, it's the middle of the week and what better thing to do especially during these distressing horrendous duct-haired filled times,
then give you a few little truckles.
Okay.
You know, the fact that Hatesme had left the number we could have called them and told them that I'm not going to be talking that hour.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Well, just to piss them off, mumble a few things.
Oh, I'll tell you the energy in South Florida in negativity.
They could put as much energy into positive things as they put into negativity and extending their hostility.
You know, that thing that they do so well and so often and so much.
We could light up the world if you could bottle that somehow.
Exactly.
It could be a terrific place.
There's another one.
I'd like to teach the world.
I should have been on there yesterday.
Was that the speakers and the new seekers?
I don't know.
I'd like to teach the world a stink man.
That song just drove me.
It was okay to first 6,000 times.
But good, Golly, talk about corn balls.
Here's a call from Coconut Grove where they know their balls.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
You forgot all the political strong thermon, Papa Bush, Gerald Ford.
Wait a minute.
Slow down.
Slow down.
Wait a minute.
Strong thermon is a good one.
Yeah, Papa Bush.
Papa Bush.
Gerald Ford.
Right.
And the peanut guy, Jimmy Carter.
Jimmy Carter?
Oh, he ain't got that.
I can't.
They only wish up here.
You have no idea.
Yeah, and Vibli can idea.
Okay.
Alrighty.
Are we the durch?
How are you?
Durch.
Okay, Jimmy Carter.
Well, I tell you there's so many.
I know there's a lot of people just hanging by a thread hanging on the edge.
I can start relating to it, man.
I can start.
I'm getting very close.
A lot closer to the end in the beginning as they say.
Who said that that was William Holden in the network, remember that?
Right.
How do you spell Critschink when she talked about getting his winter passion or his daughter is doding?
Or the other one, I don't know what it was.
His daughter?
John J.E.A.N.
John Critschin, C-H-R-E-T-I-E-N,
As in Frog, where they talk out of the corner of his mouth.
But I'll tell you one thing.
He makes a lot of sense to me lately.
How'd you like that interview we had over the weekend on ABC?
Did the djord with a little squeaker or a djord step on top of us?
And he basically said, hey, the war is over.
You don't have to fight anybody.
You won, W.
You won. It's all over.
And they're trying to figure out what he was talking about.
You won. You don't have to fight no war.
He is, they hate him.
And I don't understand because every time he's run, he wins by this humongous amount, this gigantic margin.
But they just despise him in all the newspapers.
They had tutorials.
They just rip him an ass.
You almost think he was like kind to W.
And don't forget, remember what his aides were saying?
Every time you turn around, it was another major conflict times.
Another big scandal because what a John Cretch N comments was called our president.
M-O-R-O-N.
And in America, we can't relate well to the truth.
We don't like that.
We like to do a sugar coat, you know?
And don't forget about Sada, man.
He drank water out of a creek.
Or was that the other guy?
Tell me, tell me.
You're missing the whole point.
That guy in the fax is right about you, George.
You're a little bit too slow for this kid.
What?
That's my point.
He gassed his own people.
He drank water out of a creek.
I mean, just all these things.
Oops, he's dead.
We can only hope the same for Sada.
Wouldn't it be great if he would die next?
Yeah.
And save us all of that grief in the trouble and so on.
Of course, we'll make a little more difficult to our hose up to those oil wells, but nevertheless.
And you know what we're saying is that we're going to make sure that the Iraqi people get that oil.
Have you noticed that?
Right.
So they can rebuild their input.
Because now we're very concerned about those poor oppressed Iraqi people.
We didn't give a flying crap about the Iraqi people before 9-11.
In fact, we didn't give a crap about them until long after that until they finally decided
well, we can't find Osama Yamama, but we know where Sodom's got an address.
Some over there, it's in the bag, Dad.
That's what W. told Herbert Walker.
It's in the bag, Dad.
I think he's in the bag again.
It's the problem.
In fact, if you read our bedtime stories today, there's one in particular that's just eight pages long, a scathing.
A scathing attack on your president, Carlos.
1027 at 560 W.
Let me tell you about a great place, the world famous pizza lot.
Two locations for now, they're Browards' most popular.
They're in a plantation right at the corner of Sunrise and Nabil right behind the...
What is that place? Walgreens.
Right on the corner there.
You can't see him from the streets.
I'll be sure and drive in the shopping center and say, hey, there's the freaking pizza lot.
And of course, the original Broward locations in Davy, no less.
I'm university drive right behind Pier 1 in Forth, between Givin and 595.
Kitty corner, the Armandolo Cafe, with loads and loads and tons of free parking there.
And the food is sensational.
It's fresh. It's delicious. Everybody loves the pizza lot.
Especially the rimmers who eat there a lot for free.
And our gold scene who also eats for free.
So the rest of you, please go there and pay and believe me, you won't mind.
Because the prices are tiny and the portions are gigantic.
You probably have to take a lot of home and a lot of stuff home in a doggy bag.
In fact, I can imagine what are the neighbors there by the pizza lot and Davy probably taking tons of food home in doggy bags every day.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
I'm sure you do.
Every Monday's lasagna night at the log.
I'll be Tuesday's eggplant night.
I'll be one of these dinners on these nights.
Get the second for only five bucks.
Wednesday, kids eat feed with adult second come and see Jeff's famous magic show.
Thursday is bite night at the pizza lot.
Come on a motorcycle by one dinner. Get the second one for half price.
And they got it all.
They got three different kinds of great pizza.
The most incredible garlic rules you ever popped in your mouth.
They got chicken and veal and seafood, kale, zone, super subs.
And lots more to it.
Like I said, gigantic portions of food is all cooked fresh to order and incredibly reasonable prices.
For take out delivery and catering in plantation.
Here's the number.
It's 954-382-1999.
382-1999.
And of course in the other joint in Davy called 954-916-8880.
954-916-8880.
Tell all Jeff Cohen and Neil said,
Hi and please don't ever call the show again.
My life and local.
This is 4405-60.
You may come way.
I am on the hands.
It's idiots of hot week on the prices right.
What would you bid on that fine, on that fine oak cabinet?
Yeah, 694-12 cents.
Yeah, that definitely 694-12 cents.
Yeah. And the price is $694-12 cents.
You're a winner.
They may not know what year it is, but they know their prices.
And prices.
112 items that today show, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that definitely 112 items that today show.
Don't miss a second of idiots of hot week on the price is right.
What's the name of the guy first?
The guy first.
Who? The guy I'm first.
What's the name of the guy I'm first?
I don't know.
Who pays.
And what do you think about Bob Barker?
Right.
Huh?
Definitely.
That was just little inspiration for myself,
which is why I played that bit.
I just put Bob Barker on there.
They're just pouring in here on the list.
We'll never keep up.
Somebody said Johnny Carson.
There goes Johnny.
Ed McMahon.
Got it.
Got it.
Regis Filman.
I don't think I got it.
I said got it.
I don't want to do that anymore.
Got it.
You're going to get, and it is the 10 to 11 hour, which is when he's listening.
Even though he says he's a said goodbye to the show.
And by the way, if that asshole wrote the letter, is listening.
Bye, bye, bye.
Get lost, schmuck.
Even Greg Reed said he reputs.
And that's a lot.
When somebody like Greg Reed says he reputs, boy, that's about as low as you.
That's even lower than the barnacles on the bottom of the ship and the things that crawl around on the barnacles.
Somebody says, Regis, I don't think so.
Even though he didn't have that one heart attack and open heart surgery, all other stuff.
If he survived that bitch-cathy lead.
It's big now.
It's big in a boat.
Okay, Reg.
Larry Hagman.
He's a good one.
Larry Hagman.
I saw it on an interview the other day.
Larry Hagman.
Oh, no.
Oh, Larry.
From one of our favorite shows.
From two of us.
Well, I didn't like Dallas.
He was a good looking guy, by the way.
I'll tell you what it was.
I just tell you that.
Huh?
When he was on Genie, you then think Larry Hagman was a good guy.
I never knew that.
I was a little distracted when I was watching Genie.
Stop, stop, stop.
See, that's another excuse we did.
He was in a self-hating, a homo-spix.
Sure.
He was a good looking guy.
What do you say, whatever his name was?
I was in Roger Healey myself.
Is that what you were?
How about Glenn Healey?
How about Peter Ford and Mary Healey or whatever the hell their name was?
Regis Filman, somebody says Dick Cheney, of course.
I don't know.
No, we better not put that on there.
Okay, that's not a good idea.
Don't put it on there, Carla.
He see.
No, no, it's not just that.
We just don't need the secret service knocking at you.
You already got the customs people up here going to be knocking the door down.
We don't need the secret service on their heels.
Magic Johnson, I don't think so.
I think he's got his big A under control, A.
And I think he's, let's see, we did put Johnny Carson in me and it went right.
Okay, the list is pouring in.
We got a lot of open lines though, all of a sudden now.
During that last break, maybe some of them died.
You know how impressionable these bastards are.
Maybe it was a sublimable message.
Don't forget it's Treasurer Islands 18th anniversary and a 7th magazine.
10th anniversary party this afternoon, a little bit later on.
Join Little George, their little relentless pick with a sharp knife.
Volkabrion, Miguel, Beener Boy and possibly the Beast at Treasurer Island.
From 5 to 7 this afternoon, located off the Paul Metter just north of the 122nd
street exit.
You win great QA and prizes, right?
And really some other really good prizes, like like a $500 like $500 in cash, bar tabs, t-shirts, and all.
Right.
Oh, right.
You're right.
A real party.
A real, a real ride.
And of course, you can check out this week's feature, Heather Kelly, will be doing her thing.
And maybe if you're lucky, she might be doing you a little bit.
Kind of like Ben on Guiding Light.
Oh, please send Ben over here.
Now that he's doing his escort thing, that's 5 to 7 this afternoon at Treasurer Island.
Where has he been all my life, huh?
Anybody out there like Ben on Guiding Light?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die?
And I got news for you.
There must be a lot of us on the edge because there are a list of just humongous in it.
It's gigantic.
Don Eimes, Ronald Reagan, Jerry Lewis, Bob Hope, Catherine Hepburn, Ernie Borgnein, Neil Rogers.
Ho, ho!
Larry King, Johnny Cash, Mohaward Davidd, Art Linkletter, Charlton Heston, Marino Ahera, Jeff
High, AKA Fatboy, AKA Highboy as he's got on there.
Hank Goldberg, hey, stop it!
Rodney Dangerfield, the Pope, David Brinkley, Robert Blake, Paul Harvey, Billy Graham, Joy Bishop,
Marlon Brando, who's bigger than...
All the old people on the list put together.
Al Goldstein, well like I said, up until that point.
Mickey Rooney, Gregory Schmack, a peck, Kirk Douglas, Rosemary, Keith Richards, Axel Rose, Red Hour
Bob Dylan, this list is unbelievable, you know what?
And we've only just begun.
Oh, how about Karen Carpenter, too late?
Too late.
Too late Karen, how about Richard?
How about Dick?
Strong Thurman, Papa Bush, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, John Critchin, Johnny Carson, Ed McMahon,
Bob Barker or Larry Hagman.
Is he looking really bad?
Yeah, he didn't look as bad as right after his...
He's always...
All those transplants he had, but he still looks pretty bad.
I'll be damned.
My last time I saw him, he had that David Brinkley, you know, with a one eyeball on his cheek.
Still has only one eyeball.
I tell you one thing, man, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
All you God people out there, the God squad.
If there's a God out there, what is going on with it?
Why is it that was...
And then of course, you know what the answer would be?
Well, we don't take care of ourselves and we don't eat properly and we don't exercise.
And as a result, yeah, like I told that one guy that day, another call, I'll never forget.
When I gave him the story of what, you know, life and death is all about.
And I said, you're born and you, you know, you developed to a certain point.
And then your cell starts to die and your body starts dying.
And just like, I used an example, beautiful rose, you know.
And it blossoms and it flowers and it gets to its ultimate beauty.
And then it starts withering and like getting old and moldy and falling apart.
And the pedal starts falling off.
And it starts dying over here.
That's the one with Yamaha.
Exactly.
Oh, that's a terrible American person here.
No, it was not.
But it's just another one of his emotional cripples who can't see.
This is one of America's biggest problems.
And nobody wants to talk about it is that most of the rest of the civilized world handles with death with more dignity than America.
But we just like to pretend it's not there, you know.
Oh no, and that's why this religious fanaticism is so much stronger here than in most other supposedly civilized places.
Because we got all the heaven and hell bull crap, you know, and the purgatory crap in between.
And you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you better not do that.
And all this other hocus pocus this crap that was to written down and told my word of mouth by a bunch of barbaric ancient assholes thousands of years ago who didn't know up from down.
Who thought every time it rained God was crying.
And you know, no, see your laughing, but seriously, how could I see these like last night the king myster, I saw two minutes of it.
He had a panel of religionists of Christians of various denominations and they were talking about the war and one is saying, oh no, we can't kill people.
And the other one, of course, he's rationalizing about, well, you know, Lord said this and blah, blah, blah.
And I'm thinking of myself, they're reading all of this crap that was written by these primitive ignorant, ass-old people.
And the masses in this country are just sucking on to it like somebody threw them a bone.
Use your brain, whatever you got left, okay? Use a little bit of it. Use some common freaking sense.
No.
I know. I'm surprised.
What?
Doing the same old farting into a wind storm like I always do, but it's just frustrating to me, especially having traveled just a little bit around and civilized places and seeing that you just don't see this much of this crap.
Even the silly brits over there, you know, it's the Church of England. That's just a place to go to socialize.
That's the place where they go and see all the other queens.
And what were you going to say?
I'm surprised to use roses in analogy.
Why is that?
I figured you would have chosen pansy.
See, I told you that Faxor was right.
Faxor had his thumb right on it.
And you know something, I should have just used that Fax behind the scenes. I didn't have to share it with you.
Yeah. See, there he goes again with his gay.
Don't like the Jews, don't like the Fax, don't like the Puerto Ricans. Is there anybody that he likes it on?
No.
Just that hot bitch at Treasure Island.
What's going on?
See how hot it's getting already?
Oh, what a segue.
Just turning on a hot stove to cook dinner, turn you off when it's 110 degrees in the shade like it's already in South Florida.
Maybe you ought to start grilling.
And for all your barbecue needs, shop at Barbecue's Galore.
Barbecue's Galore's got the guaranteed lowest prices in town and this weekend they get even lower than usual because Barbecue's Galore is holding their big jackpot.
And organic humongous annual spring sale.
This Thursday, which sounds like tomorrow to me, plus Friday Saturday and Sunday only,
take advantage of big savings like 15% off most Barbecue's accessories at Barbecue's Galore.
Save over 275 bucks on a 52 inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie stainless grills and side burner.
The price is unbeatable.
Or how about saving on a Weber grill just great for tailgating.
There's a Barbecue for every price range and smokers and patio heaters and accessories and cookbooks and sauces.
They're all on sale too.
You get a big selection, awesome sale prices, unknowledgeable and friendly staff.
They'll fit you with the right grill for what you're looking for.
Pop brands, great service and the annual spring sale going on this Friday through Sunday only at Barbecue's Galore.
Now wait a minute, didn't say up here.
This Thursday, Friday, now who gave me this copy? Who's the count as this?
He, oh, PD Lenny.
Hey, you're an asshole, PD Lenny because the copy says this Thursday Friday, Saturday and Sunday only.
And now it says going on Friday through Sunday only at Barbecue's Galore, I think PD made a mistake.
You made a mistake, you asshole.
You little munchkin.
Barbecue's Galore, they are the barbecue specialist no matter what PD Lenny said.
Say 15% all weekend long at Barbecue's Galore, they're located in Plantation and Coral Springs.
For more info and exact store locations from Barbecue's Galore Coralettes, color toll free number, 1-800-grill-up, 1-800-grill-up, and maybe even pop PD Lenny on it for a first sacrifice.
Five and a local, this is five cities.
The radio's all yours now.
Q and.
Translando el pollo para ac.
A baby is trauma, mama.
Don't like these things just like someone out of his own neighborhood and just doing it like Nike.
He cheated.
He counts of the American friends at White House.
They find out he got his own thing going with the lights out.
And now he's got a new chow.
It's a baby at a with lock.
Rubberpots.
It's a baby.
Fuck up.
We have a hat lock.
He loves to wipe and everything.
But she ain't the one who'll lay down.
He wanna rip up 38 years of marriage to Jack Lepram.
I remember when he thought it's all together when we was divided.
That this guy had folks out known as the Great Luna Viya.
Miss Guided.
We lost utmost respect.
It is all true.
All you did is rip that lady.
As you call, move.
Yeah.
I'm a Jackson.
It's the story of.
And with you, no reason but size is a thousand times each.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
I'm a Jackson.
He's an elderly dad.
He's been so much about it.
That's what he said.
It happened more reason he should be.
Dad the news released this is Thomas Duke.
So he quit topping wrestling for the George W.
Inodor Operation.
I'm a Jackson.
That's the reality.
Get down and kneel.
You can't be your wife, you should apologize.
That's the girl who had you out.
197 votes. Who do you think is going to be the next celebrity to die?
I'm open up to list by the way very nicely. Do you see that?
Bob Hope 93. He's in a class by himself.
Robert Reagan 55.
The Pope 15. Jerry Lewis 8. Don I'm a 7. And yours truly.
Bill, six. Everybody else is like 2's and 1's into the big.
Oh!
So far because we really screwed up this poll today bad.
You know what I'm saying, Carlos?
What is that?
Well, no, because when you put every all the other you got six choices up there for like 45 minutes
and then all the other ones go under like real late.
It's kind of like, you know, it lives a separate translation.
What?
If I had control of the poll, I could put them on there as well.
And I don't start with this again if you had control of the poll.
I think you should have control of the poll and Eric could do all of his other important stuff up there.
Like eat, eat himself into oblivion into a coma.
5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Mr. Rogers.
Good morning to you, sir.
I want to board.
Yes, the RF part.
Yes, sir.
I'm a fart.
Yeah.
And Muhammad Ali.
Oh, Muhammad Ali.
He's not looking too great.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Everyone would have thought either one of those.
You know what?
Yes, sir.
I'm a fart.
And Muhammad Ali.
Looking a little shaky these days.
Who's that?
Speaking of a Yasser, I'm a fart.
Yes.
LA Ram by Asmel Gibson, are we considered Jesus film?
Huh?
A prominent Jewish leader on Friday, boy, it took a long time for them to get this story.
I'll tell you that.
Where does it come from?
Huh.
Anyway, ask Demel Gibson to make sure in his new film on the last 12 hours in the life of Christ,
does not portray the Jews as collectively responsible for the crucifixion.
Ram by Marvin Hire, Dean and founder of the Simon Viesenthal Center, said he was concerned
because an article would be published in the New York Times magazine, portrays Gibson as
a traditionalist Catholic, opposed to the reforms of Vatican Tooth.
Hire said obviously no one has seen the passion and I certainly have no problem with
Mel Gibson's right to believe as he sees fit or make any movie he wants to.
What concerns me, however, is when I read what the film's purpose is to undo the changes
made by Vatican Tooth.
He said that the Vatican Conclave was convened to deal with several critical issues, including
the rejection of the notion that the Jews were collectively responsible for the death
of Jesus Christ killers.
If the new film seeks to undo Vatican Tooth, but I'm going to each more of these scourler's
changes of the charges of the aside.
Oh, I never heard that word before.
The aside.
I think of a lot.
Directed against the Jewish people would sick.
Yeah, where did you find him?
Seriously.
What did you find him?
Like it in a dumpster somewhere?
You've been through it.
God.
Which took the Catholic to 20 centuries to finally be puny.
He said Gibson is completing the self-enhanced film in the last 12 hours in life of Christ,
and a friend of the Gibson family is quoted as telling New York Times that Gibson will
graphically portray the intense suffering of Christ.
Perhaps there's no film is done before Gibson is directing the film.
The last 12 hours of suffering like every, every groan, every Jesus Christ.
Exactly.
The friend Gary Jew-free.
Huh?
A traditionalist Catholic also said the film will lead the blame for the fact that if Christ
were it belongs, a reference that some traditionalists mean that the Jewish authorities who
presented over his trial, the article said, see, and again, like so many other people have
said, if this was all preordained, then this was supposed to happen anyway.
What difference does it make?
It would just help it into, you know, do his things.
It was all part of the plan.
It was all part of the big plan or that big plan in the sky so that we could have this
civilized way for people so we could forgive all of our sins and have life after death
and all this other hocus-pocus is the focus, okay?
Good, Golly Miss Molly.
I always told you to look out for that, Mel Gibson.
I'd george like some a lot more now.
I do?
Here's a call from Davy.
Hello?
Davy.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Good morning.
Dan back to you.
Yes, on Friday, I was a whole from a half hour.
I'm sorry, I got to work out of good and waited a long time.
The boy had a week and about the good looking people, I guess.
TV interview anchors is right.
Yeah, if I could refer back to them, I think to be, you know, make a fair adjustment.
Shouldn't it be like, you know, people with good features, you know, some people would
make up, you know, look one thing and then when you see them in person or...
You have had how many other people on that list have you ever seen in person?
I mean, it's a good point.
I've seen them, you know, I'm a touch-show, you know, without makeup.
You think when they go on, you think when they go on talk shows, they're not wearing makeup?
Well, but lightly, you know, you see all the blemishes, you know, pimples.
You don't see them all.
Yeah, but James Wood wasn't on the list.
Okay, you fought that, you know, a lot of women, you know, look at a man, you know, naturally.
No question about it.
And when they put on makeup, you know, makeup, it looked better.
I guarantee you, Tom Walling's a lot prettier than most of those women on the list.
And have a great day, sir. Thank you so much.
What do you say?
He said that we want to see these women without makeup on, without clothes on.
We want to be able to inspect his what he said.
We want to inspect every pimple, every blemish, every tarnish.
We want to take a look in there.
Correct him.
Everything is what he said, right?
What's wrong with that?
He also said that.
Oh, we got a bank building evacuated, Miami, robbery.
How is time this past?
There's our good-for-suson candy audience here.
You're seeing a little less of that.
As you can see from some live pictures, perhaps, there are also pictures of police officers
standing around looking a little more relaxed, although they certainly have not cleared the
scene by any means.
This has been going on for about three and a half hours now.
Heidi, Susan, two good questions for you.
I'm thinking about communications from within that building possibly.
Anyone try to call out that you have heard of and also about the Dixie Highway that is
a major road that's been closed down because of this, right?
That's right.
That's right.
If indeed, the authorities are talking to employees inside the building to the degree
they've been successful, they haven't shared so far what they've learned, other than
the information about the guard coming upon these birds.
A parent burglary attempted Miami Bank Building.
Well, what's all this at mean?
What Miami Bank Building?
I mean, what is this?
And this is WSVN that they were carrying the pictures for.
Which has caused huge traffic jins in about a 20 block area where this is happening.
And so until they can get this whole situation resolved, it's likely they will keep the streets
blocked off until they can figure out exactly what they have on their hands.
All right, very good.
And we will come back to you if you learn anything else.
Yes, we certainly will.
Thanks to CNN for that marvelous coverage.
It would be nice if they would have told us where the hell it was.
That's our great close friend Susan Candy-Odie.
Remember Susan?
Of course.
Love Susan.
But anyway, there's just some crap going on.
5, 6, 7.
And of course, our great news coverage here on QAM, our Stute News Day.
In other words, just wait till the war starts if you think our numbers are marginal now,
just wait.
Wow.
I mean, can you believe that if there would have been some kind of a sports game would have
broken out in South Fixie Highway, we'd have been doing the play by play of it right
now.
A sports emergency.
Exactly.
Some emergency ballgame would have broken out.
Maybe an emergency gocturne in the middle of the Fixie Highway.
But not because this isn't a ballgame.
Those of us are QAM all we do.
We're like that.
We don't want to know nothing.
We don't want to know nothing.
We don't know nothing.
And that's it.
If it ain't sports, it ain't us.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
You doing another ball?
Oh, damn.
Oh, God.
And you know what?
That wasn't even the right guy.
That wasn't even the same guy.
I guess it's catching on.
That might have been pretty good.
But catching on and also not getting him on the ear is also catching on in this end.
That yellow button is catching on a big time on the ear.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
We've got a pool here.
We're going to stick deep in your neck.
You probably enjoy it.
Okay, sir.
We invite you to stop by.
In fact, maybe a treasurer island night.
Somebody like to stick their pool in that.
Back home.
Bobby Fitton.
That would be good.
He said roses are red.
Why can't his neck?
He read to something is blue.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I ate in through up the circle, jerk, but let's talk about the war for a minute.
No, that's not, Woody.
That's not.
Well, that's two in a row.
Nice going.
We're on a roll.
And I would be glad to give you the new tank for Brandy's, but unfortunately Trois Draper
didn't bother.
I'll tell you one thing.
Boy, there must be some real circle jerks going on back there in the sale department.
You are psychic, man.
Yeah.
What is that?
Why you just brought it?
It's a little bit late now.
You can fact it to me.
I'll do the spot slowly, okay, so that we can get the tank.
What a moron he is, man.
Rub his head a little bit.
See if anything happens.
Rub his bald spot.
God.
Didn't I speak to him like a quarter to nine this morning and tell him we need, which we
got copied from Poppano Park that was sitting on his death for days, that Steve will faxed
him last week on March the 8th or something like that, which I see the data on it, which
we didn't have it on a timely fashion.
And now we got this coming here right now.
I think Trois got Todd's right disease.
Maybe from some of that water, hanky, panky their plan.
I'm Tonya, something going on back there.
Some of that deep throat.
Brrrr.
It gets my drip.
Anyway, fact it to me and I'll stick it in.
Anyway, this year, Brandy's is celebrating the 25th year in business.
Everybody's having an anniversary.
All of us great people this year, my 27th, Moe had one in an anniversary too.
Any independent family, Schuster that's been around for nearly a quarter of a century
has got to be doing a lot of things right like offering a fantastic selection of men's
and women's famous brand names like Rock Ports, Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Clarks,
S.A.S. Floorshime and all other big names in a business.
And then the wide range of sizes, Tom Muddling would be delighted to shop there.
Men's sizes six all the way up to 15, women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow
to the very wide.
And don't forget their professional sales staff that will help you pick out the right
styles and then sit your ass down and fit those shoes to your individual feet giving
you a friendly professional service no matter how bad your feet may sting.
And with over 40,000 pair of in stock and their 8,000 square foot megastore, you're almost
never here.
Sorry, Mr. We don't have your size in that shoe.
So when you need shoes, take your feet to brandy shoes.
I don't hear the facts machine going by the way.
What?
Nothing.
There's no facts.
Oh boy.
So what does that mean?
What is that?
Why did you hang me out to dry again?
I'm going to read that facts again.
Oh, the whole nice style.
I'm just going to read.
What?
What did he come in there for?
A Stratford.
Take a shortcut through the studios.
Oh, he's got an email from Troy.
The other Troy.
Brandy is a great place to shop for shoes.
We ought to treat them a lot better than this, but Troy Stratford's an asshole.
Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway, Palm Ptole, and Daily Nine to Nine.
Some days 10 to 5, and we apologize profusely to our friends at Brandy's that Troy is a piece
of crap.
We're sports radio fighters here at 2AM.
K-T.
I don't have to grow up.
I'm a Dunzer-us kid.
So I can always kill myself for something that I did.
It's gonna be cool when I kill everyone at school.
Lost my dad's head.
It's okay.
I'll exercise my right.
That's why we end our A that lets me be a Dunzer-us kid.
In the Dunzer-us kid, I told him how to shoot.
Well, he really loved the sound of blood.
Now ain't that Gondkjut.
I'm a homo-saddle, Nazi redneck, with the sides on the internet.
All right.
I'm a lifetime member of the NRA.
That's why I raised the Gunzer-us kid.
Oh boy, I couldn't hear my gun.
A blood that Laura Gunzer-us kid.
11-0-3 at 560, WQM, our big noon to 1 hour coming up.
And I can't come fast enough as far as I'm concerned.
This is kind of a disjointed day, you know what?
Yeah.
Yesterday we had a spectacular day with those annoying songs.
And I couldn't even just know what's never gonna happen two days in a row.
This poll today is going over like a lead balloon.
Not good.
And I think we got off to a bad start.
And we're all good news is I'm moving up on the list.
Who do you think is gonna be the next celebrity to croak?
Bob Hope 105, model Reagan 61, the Pope 18, the Arrogers 10.
Oh!
Jerry Lewis 9, Mojauer David 8, Don I'm a 7 in Johnny Cash for everybody else, Mopatitis.
Now this thing that Trace Draven gave you that you just faxed to me.
Yeah.
Pathetic.
Pathetic.
You just presumed he came in here to give you that copy you were waiting for.
Well, I mean, wouldn't that be logical since I already told him that we don't have a tag and he got last week's tag editor,
which I'm not gonna read in every week.
We had a special sale at Brandys, which has been on a hundred years.
And this man doesn't want to do his goddamn job and give me the information.
And Poppano said on his desk day after day after day.
And the reason being that there's no god day, you can't complain about the leadership at QAIM because there isn't any.
You got screw-in back there who keeps, you know, falling into the goddamn door knobs.
You got Todd Dreck who's the invisible man, the amazing little invisible midget.
And then we got a bunch of guys like PD Lenny, but I don't know why they're like grumpel stillskin bouncing up and down.
So hopped up on goddamn drugs and they did he ever come in straight out that copy that we did.
Did he ever do something about that?
About Barbecue's galore that we got two different dates for the sale on it.
No.
So let me tell you again, screw-in.
Nice job, sweetheart.
Your wholesale department is all eight.
How you this go?
OOC.
Out of control.
OOC.
Out of frickin control.
Bitch.
God.
Anyway, what am I, see you getting me excited again?
I'm not even there.
I'm getting more from about that place.
And I think these call these people on this pool they get their out of it.
I just had another stroke and that place it gets to you, man.
It will shorten your life.
It'll kill you.
It'll put your ass over the edge.
Hey, Walt Vian Deerfield, you're a good guy, but put bugging me with crap, okay?
Why did you even waste your time with that?
Some crap.
Yeah.
Andy Roney on 60 minutes looks like he should be on your pool.
Andy Roney would be good, don't you think?
Andy Roney would be great.
Okay, we're adding to it.
I'm just a little sour with a truck stratford crap.
There's the one guy that we had that you hate to be, huh?
Don't hate.
Don't be nice.
I got nothing to do with hate.
It's got to do with the guys that don't want to do their frickin job.
And then it gives you this stupid ass email from the other Troy over at Balance for Life.
Oh, and by the way, and you have to put this aid by the way.
Wouldn't he listen to you for the instructional letter we got?
Don't say by the way.
By the way, this is a heavy library.
What?
This Wallyfuck is actually very important.
Why is that?
Because they're promoting this here locally big time like it's some sort of a rock and roll festival.
And it's an evangelist.
The beach fest would Lewis Palau on Fort Lauderdale Beach marks 22nd.
It's a Brazilian evangelist who's holding a hoax pocus voodoo get together for all the good Christian immigrants.
Have you any insight in maybe the event of the why is that important?
Because I didn't they have TV ads billboards.
They have signs everywhere bumper stickers and a lot of people are going to get sucked into this thing thinking that's a rock and roll show.
That's what I thought it was until I got this facts.
Well, maybe they can help you.
You think?
Maybe you can get some of that good old time religion out there on the beach or maybe get laid or both.
Anyway, getting back to this.
I think that guy was right.
The more I'm listening to what's going on here today, you notice Carlos?
Every time I start saying something, how he interrupts.
Every time I can't even get any.
Oh, by the way, by the way, by the way, by the way, by the way.
It's just I have a new advertiser here in Chicago.
His name is Jay Marvin.
See, it does mean a new advertiser.
Troy.
Oh, the I'm telling you between these two Troy's if brains were dangerous, they'd be a safe haven.
Jay Marvin a new a new guy doing our spots is what it should say.
He knows Neil from Tampa.
He knows me.
I don't know.
You know, Jay Marvin.
I was awful.
He was on FLA.
He was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and so excited about doing a balance for life.
He's doing exactly what Neil does.
9-11 talk radio.
I doubt it.
But with a female sidekick who also gets a bag.
That's like saying that more Howard David is working with a sidekick who also gets a bag.
You know what I'm saying?
God.
We sent him to food.
He does the live spot.
And then the thing I love best today was two minutes and 15 seconds.
Don't you love advertisers who time the spots?
That's like her goal of years ago.
Yeah, what's wrong with my commasals?
It was only 58 seconds today.
Hey, herbie.
To you, okay, asshole.
Let's see.
It's a sorry mess.
Yesterday's poll.
The two most puke inducing songs is this one.
Blinded blind me with science and going Japanese.
Well, he's not having a turning Japanese and blinded.
What is he blinded me with?
He blinded me with science.
Well, he's close.
Thank you, Dave.
You're close.
And the board goes back.
Point at Fred's strafford.
I'm just the one guy you hang your head on.
You think here's one guy that really gives a crap.
He don't care.
He's just another goofball.
Another ex-jock.
Okay, Steven Hill.
I don't even know who to hell Steven Hill is.
Oh, and I look at this.
Now he gives this to you, huh?
Now that I did the spot 15 minutes ago, now we get to tag.
So if you remember, we were talking about Brandy's what a great place it is to take your feet for the shoes and all that stuff in Pomato Beach.
Now all this week at Brandy's, take 20% off of all spurry top-siders.
Men's and women's only at Brandy's this week.
You asshole.
That's for you, Troy.
You asshole.
You're an idiot.
One more time, oh.
You asshole.
And a boy.
How do you like that, huh?
So in other words, it's not as if there wasn't one.
It's just that he can't get around to getting it done.
He can't get it done.
You asshole.
We hate you, Troy.
We can't stand you.
Plus I think he just paints that on.
I think he's white.
Now what's this other crap?
Stephen Hill, Charles Lane, Carl Valentine.
Oh, this has got to be from, oh, Jack Par, by the way, just was hospitalized.
He better be on her, Jack Par.
Got it.
He just went in the hospital over the weekend.
Yeah, that's from Oysterneck.
Yeah, what was that going to tell you?
I'm not going to look at it, okay?
I can't deal with people who live in the distant past, okay?
If it was up to Oysterneck, our average demographic would be 90 plus.
We'd be taking names of listeners instead of celebrities.
Just which listener do you think is going to quote me?
No, seriously, if it was up to him because he's living in the distant past,
putting names on there that nobody under the age of 400 ever heard of.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Is this a conservative who you're listening here, Neil?
See?
It's a miracle.
A little disappointed George, Neil.
He forgot to keep the old green two-spigs hopes alive by adding Mr. Patel Castro to the list.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
Fidel.
Oh, he's not looking great, but he's a better-shaped than Jack Par.
But I'll put it on there, sir.
All right, Neil.
Now, class, I hope.
Nothing, nothing, Neil.
Yes.
I got to keep the old Julio tradition alive.
You, Marie, come.
Thank you.
Okay, very weakly.
That was very weak.
That was very weak.
Here's one to keep Miguel happy.
It was probably Miguel's boyfriend.
I did it, did it, did it, did it.
To hell with it, L. In fact, I'll say it again.
I still think we ought to be taking care of Cuba before we worry about Iraq.
Okay.
There were a lot closer, a lot more dangerous.
They represent a, in fact, just look at Carlos and George right there to show what a danger they represent to the list.
We wouldn't be here.
That's right.
Two great examples of the danger that they threaten.
Just think of all the others just like them.
Just think of more alien episodes.
We can only pray.
All his fault.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Puppy.
5, 6, 7, 0, this list is just gigantic.
Too bad nobody seems to care about it.
Well, I guess it's morbid, you know.
They don't want some morbid, especially in the middle of it.
It was not a good idea.
You should have told me not to do this.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
To it.
On your side.
On your side.
On your side.
On your short head.
On your short head.
On your short head.
On your short head.
On your short head.
on your short head.
King assignment.
When the book is published,
starting as the voice of Mowgli and Disney's new animated adventure the
general book too please welcome my special guest in my bed Haley George
Osmond do we have to do this in your bed it's innocent it's very charming I
let my children sleep with very good so tell me Haley George Osmond how was
it working with lovable bear balloon is that real Michael he's a cartoon
voiced by John Goodman Haley look what I could do with this you never know
who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed I'm here with my next guest snuggle up in
my bed it's a big TV star the child who plays sip of which is son an NYPD
blue hello child who plays sip of which is son an NYPD blue my my huh would
you like to play a game child who plays sip of which is son an NYPD blue sure
put put on this mask having so much fun me and my children play this game with
Barry Gibble the time put the mask on touch this one time so grab some more
milk and cookies and join Waco Jack Oversum late night TV like you've never seen
before it's sleeping with Michael Jackson weeknight sun Fox you know what's a
one point there it sounded like they were freedom kissing 11 18 at 5 60 WQ I'm
happy Wednesday to you whether you're liking it or not 120 votes they think Bob
hopefully the next celebrity to croak Ronald Reagan 70 and then way down I
everybody else's mumpet data's even the Pope's only got 23 Moan Eyre tied with
13 a piece lucky 13 then I'm his 10 Jerry Lewis 9 stromthurman 8 Johnny
Cache 4 Chuck Heston 4 Larry King's only got three oh boy they're they're dreaming
and you want to know why they see his only got three because they don't watch
that show I don't blame them but if they see them he'd be moving up on a list
and you notice what spot is coming up on the log tell him what spots next out
of the log Carlos Barbara Hughes the lore and the next race yeah I just
mentioned that in passing so that PD Lenny can take more heat because he's got
me a piece of copy that's got wrong information and wrong information PD
Lenny bad mouth and everybody else in the building and this one's a piece of
crap and this one is that he got it but in the meantime can't get it right can't
get it right it doesn't care enough to say is very best to correct it before we
get that spot on again here's a call from plantation hello Neil yes sir I
have three two of my four Dick Clark and Bob Barker I hope they've died
together and Walter Cronkite Walter Cronkite all the Walters looking to
fairly fry compared to some of the other ones yeah I hope Bob Barker takes it
okay thanks see this guy put it well listen he's entitled true we asked him who
do you think will be the next celebrity dying this case he thinks and he also
hopes there's nothing wrong with that I mean it's a little hard-ass but what's
wrong with being a little bit of a hard-ass he just don't like Bob Barker maybe
he liked what's your name what was that broad
there you go now what is that it says Bob Barker music I never figured out what
that was I'm sure Boca Brian gave it to us and that's what that's supposed to
be oh oh it's speaking of Boca Brian you know every Wednesday at around this time
my phone rings in the other room and the FedEx they you know tell me downstairs
come and get a FedEx when you get ready it's said or right as it's around this
morning it's almost 11 30 I bet you I never get another FedEx as long as I'm
here the next hundred years between you and Duff you know what I'm saying
between you and Muff if brains were dangerous then Duff get off this
instant it'd be the safest building in America probably never give me some
other FedEx to probably like confiscating them five six and now it maybe he'll
call it until Carl's when he sent that out okay so I'll feel a little bit
better about life all the way up my doubts five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the 18t line here's I'm on the wrong line like I said it was
enacted God well how come all my lines are insane is Carl's screwing off
there again what does he do does he picking his nose no I see everything fine
puffing up a bag it all the lines say where they're from uh-huh okay here's
Pembroke Pines hello no right like Pembroke Pines hello what about Liza
Manelli what about her she's not looking good fall apart yeah okay but more
importantly no what did I ever do to you oh no I know my God talk about falling
apart of the same car was you're losing control the ship is rudderless at
this point he's like captain Quig without the balls five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18t and Verizon wireless line what he was on the
phone here's Hollywood hello hello no yes sir I got one for your list eight
pvdola fish yeah he's he done his way out you see him lately yeah he's on the
comedy channel about a month ago and looking bad huh he I don't think even
those is that I think he's gone it they just pop him up another Don I miss okay
another president about they okay thank you sir five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on it can you help me out for old time's sake time can't do
it Sally ring the phone is just ringing a friend early well what is he doing
sir I want you to do a little bit of Brian on the phone who was answering your
question no look how long would that take how long could that possibly take okay
I'm leaving right now I'm gonna I'm gonna get in a car I'm gonna drive down
there I'm gonna take you that that's you've got I'm gonna shut it up a little
bit extra and stick it deep in his back okay how long would it take for him to
say I sent it out Monday I sent it out Tuesday I'm stuck it up my ass anything
how long did that take ten seconds or maybe he was given a bunch of new names
for the poll too yeah we got some new names for you how about the
Hine Manouche here's Hi Ali hello yes sir yes I'm
I think I'm speaking for a Latin community and I think the Ileon
a situation a you bashing in the other situation I think that is not I think that
they how long you've been working on this phony voice sir how long you work
done this phony voice I am thinking seriously you're thinking seriously you're
full of crap okay get lost with a phony voice bad I tell you I didn't realize
the 11 the new now was gonna be like a little interlude here I didn't realize
that but that's fine another with a phony voice just like yesterday the first
call we have with the phony OJ and this and that or until James Simpson and the
black community and his spanta community the other one are most boyfriends no
doubt five six seven were like falling off the track so what did book a brand
tell you Carlos that it was on its way he had already sent it out that you
should be getting it today
oh and the thing that he that was on the DS DCS was truth and consequences
Bob Barker I can honestly say for the first time in 27 years and a couple of
weeks this is the first the first time I won't say the first time this is one of
the few times I ever felt like just throwing my hands up in the year and giving
up you know I'm saying just getting up going in the living room turning on the
drive-in movie channel and just saying to screw you guys I just want to give up
did he just answer my question yeah he did as to what they he sent it out he said
he had sent he told me one you should be getting it he didn't say one he had
sent it out here's a call from Miami hello hello no what we have here is a
failure to communicate folks yes sir my head to how about that I'm saying or
how about what yeah okay five six seven oh five I'm gonna do my bedtime stories
okay because they're out of material they got no more maybe maybe we're all
all out of a list because I'm out of patience I'll tell you that see here here
is the question what they did he send it now what they did is he expected to get
here since he don't always ask for my elbow but it comes to custom what they
did he mailed it out what they did he physically send it out that's all I
as was that a difficult question no thank you I'm just gonna have a conversation
with myself
God almighty between our sales department today and by the way we got this spot
coming up now PD Lenny make any contact with you we got a correction nope no
thank God for vacation effect I might start like a little soon you're like in
about five minutes thank God we're coming up very very soon because it's just
a different planets here I'm gonna reread that facts that letter the guy sent
to Gray and kind of reanalyze it 26 pen and seriously didn't I ask what day
did he send it up here yeah and did he respond did he give me an answer to my
question partly not okay you stand corrected start if you like Mona
I'm feeling like I'm surrounded by just the hostility all around like yeah like
that yeah 26 after 11 at 560 WQM it's getting boiling over there in fact I'm
staring to warm up a little bit right here then a little hot out of the collar
this turning on a hot stove to hook dinner turn you off maybe you should start
grilling and for all your barbecue needs shop at Barbecue's galore Barbecue's
galore is the guarantee lowest prices in town and this weekend they even get
lower because Barbecue's galore is holding their big annual spring sale and
depending on what you believe okay it's either this Thursday Friday Saturday and
Sunday or Friday through Sunday only take advantage of huge savings like 15%
of most Barbecue's and accessories at Barbecue's galore save over 275 bucks
on a 52 inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear-road tisery stainless
grills inside burner their price is unbeatable or how about saving on a
Weber grill just great for tailgating there's a barbecue for every price
range and smokers and patio heaters and accessories cookbooks and sauces
they're all on sale too you get a big selection awesome sale prices
unalgeable and friendly staff they'll fit you with a right grill for just
whatever your needs are top-rand grade service and annual spring sale going on
mm-hmm through Sunday only at Barbecue's galore they're the Barbecue's
specialist say 15% all weekend long at Barbecue's galore galore galore they're
located in plantation and coral springs for info and exact store locations
called Barbecue's galore tool free 1-800 grill up and when you call be sure
until that PD Lenny is a major asshole 1-800 grill up for Barbecue's galore
when she drove in nuts put in a square water to radio said it's too blue
there are words they just can't bear those are words you'd better not say
now each time my song is here those words are no longer there they
believe me believe me it's so so so I cussed you on and they took out all the
efforts there were none just leave them away now my song is rated PG
because they remove the profanity they should never nuts with my heart
they took out your very best part they blame me yeah they blame me
I cussed you on and they took out all the efforts there were none
you know I'm a 32-560 WQM are big noon to one hour shut up any second now and
I'm too soon I guarantee you that HBO's to soprano start Gandalfini HBO and
producers of the hit cable TV series the soprano is filed a hundred million
dollar counter-shoot yesterday against James going Gandalfini to force the
actor plays America's most popular mob bra a boss Tony soprano back to work
when the series resumes taping later this month Gandalfini sue the cable
never can surprise productions in class week in L.A. Superior Court seeking to
cancel his contract and the grounds that the company had failed to inform him
that the series had been ordered for a fifth season in a timely manner how do
you like that huh I saw that I think it's time for them to order a one of those
just quit it already quit while they're behind 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
horizon wireless line here's Miami hello
lady and Miami hello hey how are you now this is a lady in Miami I don't think so
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line yesterday is when the package went out
here's Miramar hello hey Neil I got one for you list about how gold seems he's
on there oh shoot okay okay hold on hold on go ahead I got a question for you
how come they can arrest P.W. Herman three freaking times Pete Thompson for
looking at pictures of a little little kiddie on the internet yeah Michael Jackson's
over there doing it with with little kids and he's on and he's doing interviews
and he's basically admitting it because he's got more he's got more blackmail money
and what's with all these Hollywood stars that support him like then like say oh no
no he's a good boy well wait wait who's other than Liz Taylor who are these other Hollywood
stars well first of all his whole family but that's that's a story that's because they want
to back on a gravy train even Latoya who wrote that book and outed him a couple of years ago
now she's back out in public she wants back on a gravy train let's understand uh-huh
why they want some of that hush money every so everyone's always got entertainment tonight
people get after they always you know it's like this it's like the OJ syndrome you know about well
he's you know even as until he's proven guilty I don't know if you're wrong okay pal have a great
thing just don't sleep with him I won't which celebrity you think is going to be dying next and
when we say celebrity I mean I'm on air and Moe and Hank and some other I mean we're not really
big celebrities but why not put us on air because you know we're doing pretty well I am I got
16 votes and most got 15 huh yeah and away things are going today I think I may move up that
list real fast like to the top uh Bob Hope 131 Ronald Reagan 74 see the fact I mean I understand
it it's very difficult to communicate clearly from so far away but the reason I asked the
question is if he just said it yesterday it's certainly possible that maybe it'll be late today
before it shows up or maybe even tomorrow do you see what I'm saying yeah the point he was
trying to make is that he said the same day that he always sends it so he should get it should have
and that and that and that was my point he was that I did not get it there was no message of any
package having arrived any FedEx any other goddamn package and my point being that that would be
a real serious problem if all my craftstarts the stuff's to show up you see what I've been saying yeah
I'm ready to pop some cough drops here John Paul's got 27 the Arranger 16 Moe Howard David
at 15 I'm as 11 from Thurmond 10 Jerry Lewis has only got nine good God his head is the size of
an apartment building he's only got nine votes but hey listen we asked the question that's why
we asked to see you're take your humble opinions here's a call from Bokeh hello
and yes sir uh Gianna Reno no she's on it no she's ready but she's not even close okay she's a little
shaky but she's not even close she'll be around a long time she'll be driving a red pick up
up and down to Hershey highway for a long time see now they're just they're grasping for straws
do you see what I'm saying they're just picking names not like how I do this the other not like when
we do this the other times no no seriously I mean you know once in a while to do that but now this
whole hour they're just they're reaching I think they I think maybe we got them all we do have a
very impressive list sure how's Hank doing by the way he didn't have hardly any votes the Humper's
only he's only got one vote I got 16 Moas got 15 and a Humper's only got one and Al Goldstein's
got one and Jeff high is only got one oh now I feel so much better well they haven't seen him oh
I don't haven't seen these people lately that's all I can say okay I mean wish all the best to
everybody on this list at least most everybody but uh wow yeah I feel a lot I feel safer now
here's Fort Lauderdale hello hello yes sir is he still alive yeah speaking of people
sleep a little for I mean not not so little he is barely alive but he's got to be a hundred years old
he he was on another radio show and didn't know what he was talking about you don't mean Howard
I do okay he's been on Howard show for you we're talking Howard Stern by the way to real Howard
not Howard Mo Howard David and I got a question for you yesterday anybody come up with focus
focus by focus no that's a good one though trying to get through yesterday couldn't maybe they
thought it was bogus okay have a great day yes sir Al Lewis grandpa from what you call from
the monsters he uh now he didn't like little boys he likes him like a little bit older than Michael
yeah the ones that are too old for Michael 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line
here's Miami Beach hello Miami Lakes like I said but that was the a guy again yeah that was him again
don't forget treasure island's 18th anniversary and a 7 magazine 10th anniversary a big
spanish this afternoon 5 to 7 George will be there Bokka Brian will be there Miguel
being her boy and maybe the beast I don't know why do we say maybe the beast what well he said he
was gonna show up but uh you know how that goes yeah he said he'll be around and if anybody's
seen him they know anyway it'll be a treasure island this afternoon 5 to 7 located off the
Palm Edo just don't say the 120 seconds speed exit you can win great QM prizes the usual crap we
give away plus some real prizes and of course you can check out this week's feature Heather Kelly
5 to 7 and treasure on this afternoon somebody will win 500 bucks did you say right plus bar tabs t
shirts hats right in other words they're gonna have their own really nifty prizes some real
worthwhile stuff as opposed to the usual embarrassing crack that we give away from QM because we have
no budget for and I'll let them hold my knife you'll in Georgia let you hold this spear
and maybe even sharpen it up a little bit 20 till noon at 5 60 WQM if your ball spots
speaking to Moe is getting really embarrassing and you'd like to do something about it besides
putting a silver animal on the top of your head that glows in the dark here's the answer
chuck out for your e you know you can go to a lot of other people everybody and their brothers
these days is a pedaling hair but Charlie's the best in the universe which is why everybody with a
brain a wealthy the a not so wealthy in the in between they all go to chuck he's been doing it
for him for over 25 years because he produces sensational results whether you need a lot of
hair or just a little bit to film in that ugly ball spot the most amazing natural hairline as
you want to get you get ahead of here that looks like it's real like it's going out of your
scalp as opposed to like Dennis Cassin she's been making the rounds lately he's running for
president you seen him on air no bad peace Aaron Brown on CNN seeing him oh my god Sam Daweson
mostly him no more Charlie for over 25 years has been doing guys right and he'll do the same for
you had nothing loose but that ball spot because Charlie gives you a 30 day guarantee if after 30
days you know of the way it looks and feels and smells and the hair too Charlie give you a full refund
and when you call Charles Alfie Erie be sure to mention the oranges because it'll give you
an extra 200 bucks off the regular price call them toll free today and get your hair back and
look great look better and younger than you ever thought you could again 1 800 321 24 13 that's 1 800
321 24 13 or log on to Charles Alfie Erie dot com
my life and look all this is for 305 60
now i picked a bad date of quich nith and glue
who
but better
THainen ces scars
EHON
YOU OR even the birth of theria
THAIRES
EHON
Don't crotch!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
And you, it's very serious. We already know you, my nor-much negotiation. breaking the line of thought on you.
I just wanna speak- but did you relationship your sour photograph solved to this fourth piece of last word?
In American Atomic Friendship, above every single word you have in Etern Bombs and classical popular cyber ganze I preaching
coronable proof that Phil Spector was innocent of any crime attorney Bobby Shapiro.
Phil is associated press. You notice how these people just never go away. They might go
in a hiding for a little while and sooner or later they surface again the same old,
tired suspects all over.
Oh, man, oh, man.
Bobby Shapiro said the AP speaking publicly about the case for the first time since his
clients February 3rd arrest. Spector 62 was arrested for investigation of the murder
and released after posting a million dollars bail. He hasn't been charged and authorities
say they're investigating. They're looking into it.
Oh, man.
Bobby Shapiro. Well, one thing you do know for sure is that he won't be teaming up with
Fleabaly or Johnny Cochrane on this one. No, they don't want no part of him and the feeling
is mutual evidently.
Here's a good one. It says, how can you possibly forget Mike Wallace? He looks glued together.
You're right. He's still going strong, but he's about 145 years old. I put him down.
What about Edward R. Morrell? Oh, sorry. Well, nobody told me, you know, 5'6, 7'0, 5'60,
on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die?
Bob Hope, 141. We really did screw this all up. I have it. He's under the beginning, you
know, the 5'6, under for like an hour and it was bad. You think by now we'd have some
clue how to do a pull. You know, Carl's, we'd have some clue how to do this right. Like,
yesterday was sensational. Was magnificent. With 80's Indian votes under between the two
polls, we did over 1,500 votes on the two polls combined. And today we'll be lucky if
we get, do you know how many we're going to get?
About 30, man. That's exactly exactly what I had in mind. Oh, God. Man, when you're not
there, it's so easy to forget just how depressing it is. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello.
Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing okay. Hey, Neil, I was calling you from the day
land area, but now I'm in Miramar. But I wanted to let you know a little bit about the
making good progress or just keep on going. I know I'm headed that way. Wanted to let
you know about the bank robbery. It's at the Metro bank on day land in day land.
Okay. And they've got all the areas blocked off with every kind of police car motor vehicle.
Anything they can shove in the way to get you stay away. And it's still going on, huh?
Yeah. And they got hostages inside. I heard the poor cleanup people were the first ones
to get approached by these people. Okay. Thanks for the info. Have a great day, buddy.
And you too. So there you go. It's almost noon. It took us only three hours to finally get
a little bit of news information from one of our listeners out there because the stuff
they had on CNN with Susan candy outies, much as I love Susan, it was kind of like
but a beep. But it didn't really say anything. Or maybe we just missed that part. I don't
think so. But at any rate. So there you go. It's down by day land. And they got the
Dixie highway all jammed up and closed up. So no wonder everybody's a little bit
psychotic down in Dave County. You know what I'm saying? More so than usual? A little
countertops in Dave. Here's a call from four lotterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
How are you? I'm okay. Hello, George. Hey. Hi. Do you have a couple names for your
list? These guys aren't they haven't reached a hundred years old yet. But I think they
should be on the list right there with the other guys. Are you there? I'm here. I'm always
just sticking in his two cents in there. Okay. Number one Johnny dark. Johnny dark. Johnny
dark. Yes. He's not. Johnny dark isn't an old guy. He's not sick. Johnny dark. Huh?
Johnny dark. That's right. I think I think someone was who Alex Fallon. He's not old.
But he deserves to be on the list. What? Get out of this guy. This guy is like a Lala
land. What is that? What is that? He's not an old guy. But he deserves to be on the list
based on what? Because he don't like him. We're not asking who we will do that another day.
Okay. Who do you wish would die? Oh, brother. I can just see all the votes that I'll get.
And we'll put George on that one too. Of course. And Mo. No, no, no, not asking who do you wish
would die? In fact, we're never going to do that. Paul, that's an evil. That's hostile.
Anger. But for some sort of like I said, tomorrow. If you could put one magic
curse, who would you like to see die right now? Well, you know, any other place nobody
would do a hostile hateful pull like that. But being in South Florida, it's the perfect
thing if you know what I mean. Yeah, sure is. And by the way, I don't want you to get nervous,
but I still haven't had no package. No call about any package down there. I'm going
to do some tracking. Yeah. You're going to do some tracking. If I was you, I keep my
nose real clean. Okay. I'd be popping cockroaches 10 at a time. And then of course,
you'll keep you busy all day. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I can't do that again. 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a AT&T. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay. Thank you so much. That was one of the
better calls this hour. I'll say that. At least she was a cooperative. Pembroke Pines.
Hello. She was at least friendly. Pembroke Pines. Hey, Nailie George. Hey, yes, sir.
Hey, have a Joey Bishop and Rodney Dangerfield. Both on there. Thank you. I guess I better read
the whole list again from the top, but we're almost done with this. Thank God. This was a,
you know, they can't be winners every day. They can't be in a good whoever facts this me,
me this idea. Don't ever facts me an idea for a pull again. No, I'm not, they're not blaming
anybody else. I'm not like some other people we have on this station to point their fingers
at everybody else for their own failures. I screwed up, you know, the guy made me a suggestion.
And I thought, well, it's been too bad. I thought it was okay. Didn't you? Yeah, I thought it
was a good idea. I thought was kind of fun sitting around speculating who's going to croak next,
but the audience said, don't like it. They hate it. They hate it. Who do you think will be the next
celebrity famous person, whatever to die? Don I miss Ronald Reagan, Jerry Lewis Bob Hope,
Catherine Hepburn, Ernest Borg-Nine, Neil Rogers. Oh, God. Larry King. Johnny Cash, Mojauer
David Add. Art Link Letter, Trowel and Heston, Marino Harajef, High A.K. A. Fat Boy, Hank Goldberg,
Rodney Dangerfield, the Pope, David Brinkley, Robert Blake, Paul Harvey, Billy Graham,
Joey Bishop, Marlon Brando, Al Goldstein, Mickey Rooney, Gregory Schmeck, Kirk Douglas,
Rose Marie, Keith Richards, Axel Rose, Red Hour Bach, Bob Dylan, Al Lewis, Grandpa,
Strom Thurman, Papa Bush, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Jean Critchin. Why did we even put that
on there? He's not that old. Because somebody called him. Oh, Johnny Carson, Ed McMahon, Bob Barker,
Larry Hagman, Yesor Amafart, Muhammad Ali, Andy Rooney, Jack Parr, who's not a good shape, I guess,
Off-and-out Castro, Dick Clark, Walter Crunkight, Avogoda, and Mike Wallace.
Hey, magnificent list to choose from, and I will keep the death watch going, okay? We'll
get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done.
We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done.
We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done.
We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done.
We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done. We'll get it done.
Of course, again, the problem being that those first six were on air for like what about six hours?
40. It would be like having an election where you can only vote for one candidate for the first
10 hours the polls are open and the other one you can give over him the rest of the time. The last
two. Like the last election. Right. You got it. Pope John Paul the tooth has got 28 votes and Mo and
I are Nick and Nick knows to know is Mo. It's a race. It's a Hoss race. 20 votes a piece for me and
Mo. How are David? It's a strong thirmin 15. Don I miss 13 in Jerry Lewis has 10 even though his face is the size of a Mount
Rushmore. And you know, all this talk I don't want to sound morbid or anything, but they're talking about
their targeting the Empire State Building. You know, the terrorists and so on. You remember who gave us the Empire State Building?
I mean, I mean, the Statue of Liberty. I'm sorry. We'll give us the Statue of Liberty. The French. The freedom.
The freedoms. Here's Port St. Lucy. Hello. Hello, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Hello. How you doing? I'm doing okay. I'm getting this one in, but it's kind of late. Rosa Parks.
Yeah, she's older than Muthuzla. Oh, yeah. Any day now. Okay. I'm a great one. Thank you. Yeah. Batman drives in Rosa Parks.
What? I'm sure that's old. No, it's not. I just made that up. And it's pretty weak. Just like this show today. Rosa Parks. We got
her on a net. That's it. That's it. List is complete. What about that song by the 1910 fruit gum company?
Two e two e two e. Huh? Or as Mel Gibson would say, do we do we do we? What about that one? I didn't realize Mel Gibson was also a little on the
semantics side. Did you? Oh, he's a Catholic, you know. Oh, well, that explains it.
Anyway, we'll get the list is up on here and have a good time voting. If you don't want to vote on this poll,
because obviously you hate it like poison. Just read all the bedtime stories. There's about a hundred of
money today, including a couple of other things. We'll knock your socks off. Okay. And also get some people really
pissed off, which we like 1156 at 560 WQ. I am show me the money. Come on up to Pomato Harnest Track on Saturday, March 15th,
Saturday, and we will not only show you the money, but if you're 18 or older, you can get a chance to win
into the money machine. You'll get 20 seconds to grab as much cash and betting vouchers as you can hold
in your hands. More than a hundred thousand dollars of the uprograms and it won't cost you a cent to enter.
That's because Pomato Park has free general parking and free admission every day and night. And that's
not all. You can also take any losing betting tickets next Saturday. And I put your name and address on the
back and enter a chance to win not only to get the money machine, but also the occasion trip to the
Bahamas, including round trip airfare from Fort Lauderdale. The grand prize is a trip for two
and treasure K hotel, resort and Marina and Avaco in the Bahamas. You must be present to win
this Saturday, March 15th. There also be music fun and great harness racing action as always.
We got a live racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, 715 p.m. and great
simultaneous casting, throwbreds and harness action and highlight every day, seven days a week.
I'll come in at Pomato Park, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road. And don't forget
to come out this Saturday, March 15th. You could win yourself a vacation trip for two and treasure K
resort and Marina and Avaco, Bahamas or the Crystal Palace Hotel Casino and Nash on the Bahamas.
You got all of that? No. Good.
My name is Ben Lowell. This is Fort Real by City.
Set a Homeland Security Tom Ridge, advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I
raise the morning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
So I don't know who will she give me sex.
Give me sex. I have to keep the rest of them tear. I gotta move.
Put the couch around. Put the couch around. I only start to work with the card for my shot.
Put it in person that I give me sex. Look who loves you.
You lose your own understanding. No surprise.
The white Peter is the main.
Whoa.
Tuchuchucho Corroyo.
Tuchuchucho Corroyo.
Tuchuchucho Corroyo.
Harry's the fairy and his.
Put it in Mary's.
All right.
Harry's the fairy and his.
Put it in Mary's.
Developating homo stories.
Yeah.
And Mary's homo has become very dope.
Oh
ata
getting issues.
Ren com
E
There is a me a confetti show is gotta get married
There is a fairy and he's gonna get married
They'll pay them home all hours
Gotta get married
Most men of the white house all more
Oh!
I raise a stream and you can carry so he's got to get married
The Mary's, the Mary and he's got to get married
Sell paid in homophudies, got to get married
Home over the furtivore
Home over the furtivore
Hello Mr. Rocker, hang down on the crib boy
Excuse me?
First up we will do the Ro-Shack test
Which...
If they love when you roll your tongue like that all your boyfriends
Excuse me then?
Go ahead, go ahead
The Ro-Shack test is in blood as they say in English
And I will show you in blood and you will tell me the first thing that pops into your mind
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, come looking
Okay, what do you think this is?
Home over
And this?
Let's go
Okay, and this one?
Infected Haitian
Alright, how about this?
Bobby Valentine riding the baloney pony
Interesting, what, let's move along shall we?
Let's try some word association
I'll say word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head
Yeah, no Mr. Rocker, we haven't started yet
Alright, here we go
Dog, Gainus, Cat, Microwave
The color blue
Where?
You know, John, why don't we try waiting among before you respond?
Jerk
Mr. Rocker, I only wish to be your friend
Why you got me on his couch, dog?
You, Mo?
What?
You, Fat Boy?
John, I'm a married man
Sure, yeah, what's your wife's name, Chuck?
No, actually it's Gladys
Yeah, you're Gladys, you're name out that you're a Fat Boy
I'm out of here
Wooo!
Why are you running?
Stop running, John
John, are you a wild thing?
Do you make my heart sing?
Hi, this is Jocelyn Elders
And I'm mad
Mad at those right wing sons of bitches
That forced Bill Clinton to fire me
Just who the hell they think they are?
All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers
Maybe a Jesse Helms at Buffett Chip or Newt Gingrich
Have butters of corn a little more, there wouldn't be so uptight
Flogging the dog never hurt anybody
And if people did a little more of it, we might say some lies
Hell, if Clinton just stayed home and spanked a monkey
He'd even be in less hot water
Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal
We could even take some standard teaching tools
And just twist them around a little bit like C-Dick Run
When you see Dick Run, get to the doctor
Because you picked up a bad case of crowdscrickets
Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in
There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride
And parking there y'all in hair harbor
Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle
Pump the pythons, walk the door, wax the carrot or tickle the taco
We'd all be better off
And that's all I have to say
Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toaster
And hail Oyster and buzz the rillow
Hey, where are you going?
Come here, come here, I want to tell you something
Oh man, don't you ever take a bath
What are you doing?
Hey, where are you going?
Here you go, walk the pole south
When I kick it out, I can blow bubble down in my nose
And the foxes' retro-ducing dude
I am doing, but I know who's hair in here is our oozing down
Drugs, they look like pets
And in fact, that's where we'll make you, you
The kids just look funny
So the rabbi says, now what am I doing?
He's getting scared
But everyone's disgusted and scared
Walks through hallway sideways
And he's covered with gorilla hair
Mama says he's off there
He's a big handsome young man, please him alone
We're not too sure what's going on there
Stay away from me
Josh Freeman
Yeah, he'll think he's funny, but he's now standing here
I'm funny, isn't he?
He'll come there, be he
Josh Freeman
He's a big and squeezed his cheese, and if I tell you what, it's solid by the pound
He's a big and squeezed
Got so bad his butt's exploded
Stewing wretched pile all over the roof
There's staples up and down in the roof
Just to hold in all that greasy old food
Stay away from me
Josh Freeman
Yeah, you think I care, it's very cool, I don't like me
I think he does
Don't come near me
Josh Freeman
Come here, come here
Don't like me, don't let too much roto juice in
There's a thing when someone calls you and it's all over
So, he's looking for a job at ESPN radio, is that what you said?
That's what somebody said
Ten of this past note at 560 WDQM, it's our big noon,
One hour of every Wednesday we do this
And we love it, we like it a lot
Here's a question for you, you have two thousand dollars and more on a credit card
If so, listen to this carefully
Now, a dedicated consumer counseling will help you
And it'll cost you zippo, nothing
That's right, it'll cost you absolutely zero
Devicated is a nonprofit company that will contact the companies you owe money to
And they'll put your payments in half
Call 1-800-4-NO-DET
That's 1-800-4-N-LETTERS-N-O-D-E-B-T
And debit-cated will help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees, and save your credit
And it'll cost you nothing
The bank pays debit-cated, you pay nothing
So, if you're trying to battle in credit card debt, call debit-cated at 1-800-4-NO-DET
Call and find out how debit-cated can help you out, you got nothing to lose
If you have had it with credit card debt, high interest rates, and late fees
Call debit-cated consumer counseling, they'll handle it all from there
Call right now 1-800-4-NO-DET
And they'll forget it, cost you nothing
My record local, this is 5-60
The radio's on your side
Q-A-M
Our David's a bit
Oh!
If you cannot find a sum of a bum or rag
If the markets are a drum of bum or rag
If the terrorists are crispy, Pakistan is looking chimney-north Korea
Is too risky bum or rag
If we have no allies with the bum or rag
If we think that someone's business bum or rag
So to hell with the inspections, let's look up for the elections
Close your mind and take directions bum or rag
Call and find out how the borders bum or rag
For our right, it seems like borders bum or rag
If the green will call the trees and let's make more than hope to season
Even if we have no reason for our rag
You won't have to worry about it
You won't have to worry about it
You got it
The bad dog is back
Singing more duet on the bandage scene
Volume 2
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Old number 80 is back
Haring up with the greats
Singing more big hits
With even more big stars
The bad dog does them all
Baby!
The killer for taking a rag
I'm tired of it
I'm tired of it
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
It's an all new British invasion
With the mad dog singing like a man
I like it
I like it
The truth is finally out
That gym manager was truly the fifth beat of it
You gotta give it a love and give it a love
Everyone loves the land
And now your head's a stain
You always say, we say, don't be all right
Don't be all right!
Here's the bad dog's enterance
I changed the mood to the cake
And you always say, don't be all right!
It's an all right!
It's an all right!
Anyway!
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent
When we asked him if he wanted to do it again
I don't think so
So we had Luke the Gratzie fam a little visit
And tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contrast
That son of a bitch is cute
All right!
All right!
All right!
And it's safe!
How many do available now if you move quickly?
All right!
I'm ready!
All right!
I'm ready!
All right!
All right!
All right!
There we go!
It's gone out of bone
And took a hit in woody act like Cheat and Chum
And get the munchies and make roundly spills with hair
And woody share it with Jesus and the saints
Those highest hotheads and yeah, yeah
Hot is great and yeah, yeah
Hot is good and yeah, yeah, yeah
Hot is God's most cannabis
Mocking hot like one of us
Getting high on the back of the bus
Just him and Moses getting stoned
Are you sure?
On a grey hump us too long
To get some Vatican homegrown
A couple of time backs to take home
Smoke up big Bob Marley on his throne
No fun and heaven is your soul
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Vagery Profile Tonight
On Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Vagery Profile Story
We take a good hard stiff look into startup
Their infectious pop stylings infected us with an infection
Until we took some antibiotics and the thing for they went away in a week or so
They were to pow
The heart and soul and the soul and the soul and the soul
People are all you're asking us where we got the name to pow
In this weird interview, DePaul leads singer Carol Decker
Makes the rash assumption that we give a flying f*** about her in her stupid band
Well, to pow with a character on Star Trek
She was a vulcan high priestess
Interesting enough, confessing that she named her band after a Star Trek character
Brad Pitt Carol Decker is such a hopeless geek that it prevented her from getting laid during her entire tenure as a famous person
It's ironic if you know because as you probably know vulcan path of mate
Who likes every seven years or they like explode
Why no Carol, you annoying strange person, we didn't know that
But let me ask you this, if the band to pow doesn't have a hit every seven years, do they explode too
Well, I don't know, I mean like what are you getting at?
I mean we only had that one hit and it's been well worth everything
Ladies and gentlemen, a little glimpse of what the world would be like
If TV show announcers had all the power
It's a big juicy, shopping-wet-looking show business tonight on Inside the Mind
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do
Not that I'm minded but I'm way too old I fantasize about being in bed
In a twist with feet lull my man friend did it I'll kiss and make up with generous up day
And then ask him to break my pun No, very no, very again
Though I would not feel the most old Now and I would not be ashamed
About a ginger and more gay union Just bold and then stroken away
Boy, baby, kill me you're not my guy Yeah, sounds like a nine-year-old kid
Eeeh!
Only a macho-manly guy You don't know me
That makes me lift my wick
Ginger-jig was a lover of mine That I'd bury my boldest-baini-no
Inside his imply rear end did it did it do
No, I would not be a sport home Now, if I was not a closet of pain
That's why a King German Moe gave Union, would make me feel to be a King.
Everybody follow my thousand rules!
Yeah, a ginger and Moe gave Union, would make my sorrows pony hair still safe.
If we had a ginger and Moe gave Union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped, did it?
There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all.
Zidafacts!
Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect.
Zidafacts!
Isn't it time you experienced Zidafacts?
May cause loss of blood, loss of hearing, loss of virginity, vertigo, impotigo, impotence and prism and shrinkage of the genitals,
and largement of the genitals, softening of the brain, softening of the stool, loose duels, barstools, toes duels, huge, free historic bats,
swimming out of the sky and eating your dog.
Halatosis, heavy berry, berry, berry, mannalo, rectal bleeding, rectal numbness, numb nuts, chest pains, hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth, or death.
Zidafacts is perfect for everyone!
Not intended for women who are pregnant, women who are men.
Men who are pregnant, children with dogs, children with dogs who are pregnant, the elderly, the young kitty cats, Steve Perry, cat voles, cat voles who are pregnant and pregnant pauses.
In disclaimers like these.
Ask your doctor or pharmacist about Zidafacts and find out if it's responsible for the mysterious, postulent growth under your left arm pit.
Zidafacts!
Club 24 at 560 WQM if you're still reluctant about ordering a bed on the phone, don't be reluctant because I've done it, George has done it, Miguel has done it and ordered the phone too.
Order the a thing.
Here to your phone?
No.
Over a million people have bought a mattress over the phone from Dalmatris, plus hundreds more are doing it every week.
And of course by now you got to know about Dalmatris and the unbeatable deal they got all the way around.
Nothing makes a bigger impact on the way you feel every day than if it could be a good night's sleep.
Call 1-800-MATRIS, 1-800-MATTRES right now and you'll have a great night's sleep for a long time to come.
Thanks for our good buddies at Dalmatris.
They curated best in the universe, two no seconds, no off-name brands and nobody ever heard of they got silly, service, Simmons, King Quill, every size and style, whatever you want they got it and stock ready for just about immediate delivery.
Dalmatris's rank number one in customer satisfaction, they got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right.
Once you buy a mattress from Dalmatris you'll never go back to those showrooms and departments stores again.
And don't forget when you do buy a mattress from Dalmatris they'll set up the brand new one and take away the crappy old smelly bedding for free.
You heard me right, Dalmatris takes away the crappy smelly worn out old bedding and sets up your great brand new one absolutely free.
So make the call right now for a great night's sleep for a month and years to come call 1-800-MATRIS, 1-800-MATTRES for Dalmatris the easiest the smartest, the most inexpensive way to get you a great new bed.
We're sports radio 560, QAM.
There's no fact in the church.
Come by some afternoon.
He's got this place for you. One thing you might remove. The ash cashe begash discovering you.
One mountain to every scary angel. His face like a pots a limb. One pair of moonwalk blades and a wandering tom.
Yes, the sides of white glow. Please lay it again. Yes, if he takes you under his blankets, take his nose a plastic and break it.
My nose.
When your body is a neverland watch for his hands.
When your body is a neverland, some get me twisted about that man.
So can a best our home and be different.
The day is free, glorious and free.
Yes.
Oh.
Got a mouth like a sewer and a bank is position. You're a big and graceful head and condition.
Now stop to the fighters because your pants chiseled the rent.
Well, I hate Atlanta. I'll put this move in still.
All of the dice.
She just loves to put my sexy knife. She beats up and I'm taste so fine.
She's not ready. She's not ready.
All of the dice. All the way when she just loves to live.
She would never, never touch your feet. She's not ready. She's not ready.
All the way.
Try not to romance up a cheat sheet.
Say hello. All the way.
She said she'd rather strap on her till dawn.
For what a die.
She's my dream girl but it just can't be.
She's not bound after she is lazy. She's not ready. She's a die.
Oh.
I'm so scared when I finally have to leave home.
But she will never love me.
I'm so scared.
All the dice.
All the dice.
All the dice.
All day, all day.
I will kill the cool.
You can't let go.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You can't let go.
You can't let go.
I'm beautiful.
I'm beautiful.
I'm beautiful.
I'm beautiful.
I'm beautiful.
That night when she turned off all the lights.
There's no place where she could hide.
Oh no.
Oh, she would gonna get hurt.
Oh, she went out to kill her.
Oh, she went out to kill her.
That night.
One day, the jury's gonna set free.
Oh, she's gonna get down.
It's true.
Oh, she's gonna get down.
Oh, she's gonna get you.
Oh, she's gonna get you.
She's gonna get you.
Oh, she's gonna get you.
Oh, she's gonna get you.
One night.
Okay, okay.
OJ! OJ!
You killed the school, you killed the school, OJ! OJ! OJ! OJ! OJ!
YOU KILLED THE CALL, YOU KILLED THE CALL, OJ!
I killed the school, I killed the school, OJ!
Oh!
Oh, she's gonna get you!
Oh, she's gonna get you!
Oh, she's gonna get you!
Tonight!
And now, the sound of Pamela Lee, breastfeeding, on the
set of Baywatch.
Oh, this is good.
This is good stuff, Pamela.
So, for the 22-1560 WQA.
Were you saying that or were you saying that?
That's what I thought you'd told about that disease,
phony synthetic boob bitch.
Anyway, this poll today, I think it was doomed from the beginning.
Well, it was death.
That's a good point.
It was a death poll.
I think it was DOA, baby.
Who do you think will be the next celebrity to die?
And it just, I mean, there is one or two things or both.
Either it was a bad poll, a bad idea in a first place,
or the fact that we did it around that Carlos and Eric did it around.
Wasn't it Carlos?
Sorry.
Bob Hope 160, Robert Reagan 91.
And after that, it's like, you know, maybe that's part of the problem.
Hope John Paul the tooth has got 35.
He's not looking too good.
That's what I voted for.
Mo, Mo Howard David in 30, the O'Rive just 22.
Mo, you're pulling ahead of me, baby.
Although I have to today, I'm not too sure.
Don I miss 15, Strom Thurman 15, and Jerry Lewis has 10.
Although, I think they're underestimating his abilities, you know?
Yeah.
There are some communities in America that are not as big as his head.
In fact, that'd be a good poll question.
Who's got the bigger head? Joe Rose, a Jerry Lewis or the Beast.
21 to 1 at 560 WQM Tom Laman and Joe Peeato at Halopodiac GMC
are pleased as punch.
They're proud to announce their Neil Deal March Madness sale.
It's going on right now.
Neil Deal number one.
Pick any new GMC or Pontiac in stock like the 33 mile per gallon vibe.
Price is lowest 13,998 and get 0% financing for up to 60 months.
You heard me correct?
0% for up to 60 months.
Neil Deal number two.
Choose any new vehicle and stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate.
Absolutely correct sir.
Get up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle in stock.
Say it again.
Absolutely correct sir.
Thank you.
Halopodiac GMC also got great Neil deals on used car truck SUVs like always.
And also like always if the other car dealers think your credit is marginal or really sucks.
Halopodiac GMC will make all those problems go away because they'll cut your deal some way.
It's another set of great Neil deals going on right now.
And Halopodiac 134-1 South Fixie.
How are that?
That's US Money Across in the Falls.
Open every day of your life except Christmas Day, seven days a week.
For more info call the Neil Deal Hotline Tool 3-1-885-344-211.
I mentioned my name down there and it is perk up.
One Tribal 8-534-4-211.
Don't forget all Neil deals has subject to credit.
A Provell CD to afford details.
And Halopodiac GMC who definitely be professional grade.
I am Low.
This is for 20 or twice a year.
You way, yeah.
Oh!
Hey, tell Presents!
Over 700.8 of the greatest songs of Lone.
Especially from a lady in your life by Jerry Lewis.
Lending.
When I lift you and raise you.
So many love songs for your lady.
All interpreted by the love mixture himself.
And the nimitable superstar entertainer Jerry Lewis.
And you'll get your favorite lady love song.
Lady lady lady lady across my big brass dance.
It's an amazing confetti of up 748 love songs for your lady.
All visually remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar Jerry Lewis.
I just cherish by you to join me on KTL Records.
And we pay a very special musical tribute to the lady.
You'll get this aros mid classic.
And the girl looks like a lady.
And the lady looks like a lady.
It's Jerry.
It's the little lady with a pair of tweezers.
And no one already said never sounded better.
That ain't no way to treat a lady.
It's the way to treat your lady.
The woman.
And listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of this super hip from a king of pop.
You are the lady with my wife today.
You're the lady with a lady.
Jerry Lewis.
I am a bad man.
I am a bad lady.
That's 748 fabulous ladies songs.
A 35 CD is her 123 8 track tapes.
All remixing boyish models from the original cassette masters.
And as a collection you'll cherish your friends will love.
And your lady will never forget.
It's all yours for 70 easy famous of only 32 95.
And it's only from KTL.
You can tell it's KTL.
We go.
So we were out on our first date.
After eating at a Mexican cafe.
While we were driving in my car.
She let one go that almost blew up both the way.
I have to get you cut that cheese.
Then she turned around.
You look at me and said, girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
You can tell it's a girl, no part.
But I do.
The older her, the eighties.
They're like closing in my hair.
And so I rolled the windows down.
So I could get some air.
It felt like something died in there.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
She kept telling me that girl's no part.
But I do.
I heard another deadly squirt.
Then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt.
I turned around to get her back.
With just a matter of time.
People are another attack.
So I asked if she was okay.
Let's see the bad thing.
And I also had to say, was girl's no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
But I do.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
But I do.
But I do.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Girl, no part.
Thanks for the memories of your days that I can see.
See the four in KAT.
And now you work for Cox and Cox's good enough for me.
Yes, thank you of the meals.
Thanks for the hemorrhoids.
That's Joey Reynolds, Randy Goldes.
Gary Bruce, Drew Michael Show.
Wow!
And every other pain in the ass that's been through
I'll desor this guest.
Thank you.
On goal, me and all.
On the years in this thinking business.
As you have been changed a bit.
Even though you had to paint their s**t.
From PD to GM's.
They're all like big VMs.
Yes, thanks for the memories of hockey and the bird.
And yes, those falling birds.
And now that we've figured it, your gentle and we work.
And here's the guy.
F**k you.
And I'm so.
And you see our ratings for the last book.
Yeah, I know what that is.
You're a good professional.
Yes.
Watch your backs.
Watch your back.
Watch your back.
Watch your back.
Watch your back.
Watch your back.
Where you want away from home?
I thought.
I don't need a latency.
Then the sun does not wake up a little.
I don't know how to hunt a guest you ma'am.
A rulset guts to go.
That is a lot of fat producers you know.
That's right, watch your back.
That's right, watch your back.
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
That's your fat fat.
You won't wait for most of all.
Oh, brother, all that glove I don't understand.
You can eat from a trough while using both hands.
That thing's that touch you made a rating school.
You just like Clinton, it's all you are for.
That is straight, you fat ass out.
That's right, watch your back.
That's right, watch your back.
That's right, watch your back.
You won't wait for most of all.
No more, no more, no more, no more.
That's your fat fat.
You won't wait for most of all.
This is what we said.
You can get back, that's right.
You won't wait for most of all.
No more, no more, no more.
That's your fat fat.
You won't wait for most of all.
Who I am?
You got extra here.
And I want more time in your arms.
I am here.
Thank you, some of them.
The McDat Carole de Cafe presents the Amorze.
Thank you.
I've got the UN.
By the scrotum.
Never really showed up.
All my poison and my forehead.
Oh, now they're cooked.
Never locked under my bed.
Oh, thank you.
I got the factory bacon and fresh nooks and kitties.
Backpacks.
There's no way you'll make me dead.
Hey, corn and powel.
Should've locked under the cow or on my hand.
God, favor, sing along with me because this is unbelievable.
I've got the United States going crazy trying to convince people to attack me.
Except for Sean Conn of course, who's on my side.
He loves me like crazy.
Funny little cook.
Who'll get used to a life of hard knocks when I give you the small pops?
You should've locked a little harder.
Silly boss.
Kiss the touch of this murderer.
Welcome.
Thank you very much.
Please, chip your weight as a waiter.
Good night.
In the shocking season finale, Evan Marriott, aka Joe Millionaire,
made his final decision and selected Zora to be his beloved.
Then the twist.
The Butler-Paul Hogan presented a couple with a check for $1 million.
But that's not the end of it.
There's another twist.
Not revealed on national television.
The million dollars given to the couple actually belonged to a Colombian drug cartel.
And they want it back.
Cheekle.
Yes, that's it.
Where's my million dollars?
Met that bitch she has it.
One rich cute.
It's your millionaire.
Who?
Joe Millionaire.
You still from me?
Yes.
From me?
Yes.
Are you kidding me?
No, I want that money back, Cheekle.
Am I gonna get it back?
Cut his throat, Cheekle.
The whole throat?
And nothing but the throat.
So, how have we got?
Evan and Zora are running for their lives.
But that's not the end of it.
There's another twist.
The money the fox stole from the Colombian drug cartel was apparently stolen originally from a Jamaican crime syndicate.
And they wanted back.
Zigi mo'er's the money mug.
And Joe Millionaire got him on.
And a minute, we gave it to the Colombian drug cartel as our own man.
Get it back from them.
The millionaire can't got it.
From the TV show.
Yeah.
What's the kid doing with my million dollars?
Your bomb for God, man.
Well, he fell in love with Zora, son of a million dollars.
Tell me about that, man.
I'm going to get the money back, man.
I've got weed to make.
Okay.
Cut his throat, man.
The whole throat?
And nothing but the throat.
So, how have we got?
But wait.
There's another twist.
Evan and Zora are really brother and sister.
Eeeeee.
But not just any brother and sister.
What a twist.
We're the osman.
I'm the little baby.
Joe Millionaire.
Get her alive.
I'm fucked.
All right.
I love it. That's the first time I noticed Bumbaclod in that bit.
I mean, me too.
167 votes.
That's why I played thanks for the memories.
That's the only Bob Hope that we got.
167 say Bob hopes Kroke and next Ronnie Reagan's out his ass with 96.
Bye, bye, bye.
Send me the lucky show on 560s on NQAN.
Miami for learning.
Fuck third, man.
