I'm gonna show up and I was dancing
Then college ain't nothing but a bunch of your face
You see our readings for the last book
I got it up. I got to think about it. I'm getting right there, and I don't need a rating that's a minor
State
Or else it gets the gold
There's a lot of pet producers you know
That's right
Oh brother all that love I don't understand
You can eat from a trough while you was in both ends
Just like clinton it's all your fault
Oh
Hey happy Thanksgiving 10. Oh two at five 60 WQ and what the hell am I doing here today?
You know big paid hot shot like me and I'm working from
Ten to noon on Thanksgiving day not a good idea. No, although I will say this. I was the beast is his fat ass in there yet
Or not
What is he doing out there?
Beast yes, oh yeah
God of meeting again by the way Katrina's lost seven pounds of balance for life you fat tub of crap
I did very well on it the first you did very well
And then you kept cheating and you embarrassed yourself and a radio station and our sponsor and you jeopardized
Our whole livelihood I would go that far because you're a unit because you're a fat slime like me and like Zach
Only a difference being that you got like a little baby there is that kiss smooth that's a real smoothie
That was so disgusting this morning. Oh, would you that stuff about mole a lot of it is stickish stick it here is Zach
He's still watching his back in me
No actually I've heard rumors that uh he told Mo that he's sick and tired of getting up at three a.m
Yeah, what does that mean? I don't know. Maybe the whole Zach Mo experience could be done soon. Oh
Wouldn't that be bad? Maybe maybe Mo would have to run his own board because pretty soon he'll run out of people that are gonna work with him at
Any rate I was gonna play like a bunch of stuff today, which I guess I will although the fact that you're there
You know we probably ought to talk about the hurricane a little bit more
No, in the fact that they play all these little girls schools not these overgrown children called you this morning
Man, I was embarrassing. So what is good that I'm working today for these two hours
Because otherwise I wouldn't have heard all that hurray came to talk that was brutal and I noticed you had like two or three white people call him and that was pretty good
You're gonna like this story beast man sentenced to 30 years. How many about 30 man? We're killing Miami woman during pumping party
Now the beast and clearance have their own private pumping parties
Daily is what I'm hearing they're pumping it
Nothing's happening, but they're pumping it a man convicted of killing a Miami woman by injector with industrial grades
Silicon during an underground pumping party in Miramar was sentenced to 30 years
Prison yesterday
Mark Hawkins 39 a Greenville South Carolina. Thank God an out of town or some
Carpet bagger was found guilty of 30 degree murder and illegally practicing medicine in March 2001 in the death of Irrallorance
53 prosecutors had Hawkins that has then partnered Donnie Hendrix no kind to Jimmy
34 ran a very profitable but illegal business traveling around several southern states offering cut rate cosmetic surgery and body enhancement procedures to women and
transgendered people I
Find that you've engaged in incredibly harvest behavior and was done entirely for money circuit judge Peter one-stime
Good Jewish boy told Hawkins before sentencing him to the maximum penalty
I'm sorry man in Husqaw or he could have been well
Probably to be doing some pump jobs in there, too. I would think wouldn't you?
I would imagine speaking of a pump job
For Josh and the George tomorrow understand who sucked them into this although I guess they're gonna get paid for it
Got a promo promo here. It says join George and Josh tomorrow six to eight a.m
Almost more like ours
Six to eight a day with the best pro shops outdoor world off I'm 95 in Griffin Road should be a mammoth crowd for that
There'll be crispy cream donuts and coffee for the first 300 people
For the first 300 people cookies and punch while they last and a fake sand will be there to
Paw over your children molestum kind of like Michael. He'll be dressed up like Michael Jackson
You can spin the wheel try to win our usual crappy prizes and of course
I'll have our best in the emergency device tomorrow six to eight in the morning at best pro shops outdoor world off I
95 Griffin Road now yesterday's pool
Let's see we had almost a thousand votes which isn't too bad on the day before Thanksgiving, you know
What's your all what's the all-time best song from the movie and a lot of old parts must have voted here because somewhere over the rainbow
He'll held on to nations Lee and still one you ready for that
Can't get over that somewhere over the rainbow 83 votes the godfather ill padrino head 78
Kyle's mom is a big fat bitch a very respectable third 71
Staying alive more a skib he couldn't stay alive. He went to Mount Sinai. Hey beast when it come by the way you die better yet
You will be thanks
And I'm just telling you
And it's no fun. Then you won't be able to eat anything. What are you gonna do then?
And then when they chop off your leg and you start having trouble bumping into the wall because you can't see anything because your eyes are going
It probably won't be a good idea. I just mentioned that in passing
Stay alive 58 as time goes by 42. I can't get over that
We're gonna stand up a lot of old far. He's last couple of days low voted like ten times did Moe vote for his time goes by
Right, I can I can just see most sitting home right now listening to Judy girl and record the only problem is he's in Dallas
Moe is in Dallas with a mad dog. We got the dolphin game
We got hours and hours and hours and a reason being because we got to get all the spots in
We got guilty on airport
You should have you should have been in a hallway that last the Friday that was there before I came back here
Man I ran into guilty and I couldn't get away from
He was whining and carrying on hysterically and the thing that you keep predicting about him in Joe Rose 8 to 10
Yeah, he's Jones and four man. He wants it. Oh, I was talking to last night the Panthers game
He's I can't even tell you what his emotions. What what you were at the panther game. No, no, no
I was talking to him. I was here and he was there
Oh, because I heard another idiotic comment you made this morning about well
Did they get ahead of tie with the Rangers? Did they get a point for that? How does that work now?
Mr. Bruins fan here mr. I haven't got you you fit in that station like a rubber glove
Well, Rich Wilson's not playing. I don't know nothing about hockey nothing the panthers which are granching
They're still mediocre in the long go play great again kept them in again, but
They got three game on beaten streak. They won two in a row and then they got a tie last night even though they blew the lead and
You don't know anything about it and you wonder why nobody in South Florida cares about hockey the most exciting by far
The most exciting a dynamics athlete who ever played in South Florida was Pavel Burrain and 98% of the people
They don't know who that was who?
Right exactly
You would know Pavel Burriffy came up right now and kissed you on the lips. He's that Kenny Linsman
Mrs. Robinson had 40 did I say star-wrestling had 41 Mrs. Robinson 40 you notice now
I got a long list here if I read them all we'd already be 11 30 and we can go home
See here's a little lesson for you beast read a lot of long lists
The good the bad the every 37 white Christmas 35 I have the tiger 35 suicide is paneless from ash had
Chef 28 live and let die 21
Everybody what isn't everybody's talking 20 milson gonna fly now the theme from rocky at 19 doing banjos an old-time rocket roll
17 apiece and the way we were moon River 16 each. I'm all right one ten silver four
That's enough goes way way on down
There were several and there were four that didn't have any votes
Which I'm still not understand why people do this all the time we take these polls on the show people calling or fax in a
Suggestion and then they don't vote for it
Maybe they just don't have a PC you think
The heat is on day by day the theme from Alfie and up where you belong had the big oh
Or down where you belong which is most on absolutely down where you belong burning in Hill for all eternity
The sad part of it is he's in Dallas. So we can't be monitoring us today. Isn't that bad?
And that's another reason that saxo real pussy because the fact the guys out of town you could
Arript him a major ass. This was your window of opportunity you guys
You could have let it all hang out and told him exactly what you feel told the whole world how you feel about Mo
That got you as fired off a show and then his response was where do you get your information?
Every time somebody try to call them on a curb it for where do you get your information because he just you know
I'm gonna come right out and lie ball face about it
Absolutely, just be around the bush and don't answer the question. He probably is listening
Oh, he hasn't he has his laptop and Dallas. He's listening. No, it's hooked up to his pacemaker
He's got the audio from QM hooked up to his costume. He's hooked it away. Yeah, it's pumped into his sack
He said boy the signal is cut a schmitty today. I
Can't wait. I can't imagine why Mo you peace it. Third why anybody would call you up and after ask why what that's all about
Maybe talk about people out of touch. Well speaking about a touch our illiterate president made a little mistake in Nevada
The Las Vegas son reports mush bush mispronounces Nevada in his first presidential visit
Nevada memo to George Bush it says what making a first presidential visit to a state used the right pronunciation of its name
Bush and Las Vegas on Tuesday repeatedly said Nevada
To properly pronounce Nevada the middle symbol symbol should run with gamble like Nevada gamble not Nevada
This pronouncing the state's name sets people's teeth on it said state archivist guy roca
He's the president. He ought to get it right nothing personal and of course the fact that he's a moron a bozo
Explains it, you know, yeah, I'm gonna tell you I'm still thankful for the fact that we can say that at least as of this state
Although the Patriot acting about six months will make us all go to prison for seeing that and the fact that at least as of now
We have another presidential election scheduled in less than a year as of now
For the time being so anyway here's today's pull now you'll notice I dredged up an old pole
And I'm embarrassed to do this. We wonder why I had to do it
Because fat Eric is out starting his feedings already had leave the house
He just he just called me. Yeah, he wanted to know he's he has wanted to know how we were doing
I swear to God the front of you said are you guys okay over there Eric? Well you cut the crap
I mean this man
I don't want to rip him and ask cuz I know he probably is listening on his laptop
But this guy, you know, he's okay, and he's in a good job with our bedtime stories
I email him even in stories to get some on sometime the next day not to bet but you know stop in son or rot of Eric
Better not say it see you're gonna get me in trouble now
Cuz I was gonna say somehow will survive without you today Eric did a fine job
I got the results of the first pull. I got the second we have votes already on a second pool and I'll say it again we
We were doing this only because Eric is on his way to eat several
meetings today
Eric makes you look like mini mouse. No, I don't think so in fact between
100 pounds of fun this morning for a couple hours there be between eight and 10
tons of fun tons of fun between eight and 10 now how the hell I got you and Zach in the same room to do that show
Beats a lot of me anyway
So I did a pool cuz Eric had to stick the pool on there before he left for his first feeding
Okay, so we can't change it we can't add to it and then what you see is what you get so don't anybody call him to say
Well, I want to add this to the pool cuz I know why we got calls on there who said who the hell said I'm taking calls
Probably about your hurricane fans couldn't get with you guys. I don't know if we want to take calls
Do we I want to play a lot of stuff today? We only got two hours?
Right, that's fine. Well, we'll see
But anyway the pool is what is the absolute worst fast food joint in South Florida the reason I'm asking that is it's Thanksgiving
It's an eating day right of course for some of us every day is a big big eating day right
Today is no different than any other day right
Manishtana Halalahize and the beast says in no difference
Right
Absolutely anyway, I got the list and this is it
Probably let's him off, but if I did too freaking bad McDonald's Burger King Wendy's checkers are be steak and chicken
Tucky fried churches chicken bow jangles subway Mimey subs pizza hot Domino's Papa John's Taco Bell and Poia
Thropica I don't understand. Well, that's a good choice Domino's is leading so far with six
I would need Domino's pizza if they paid me by the by the bite
would you?
That's a bad question
10 13 at 560 Q.A.M.
What the hell was that
It's it's called fins three that's that's what was in the rejoin that was the rejoin yeah, it must be a mistake
You know what that is that's what the dolphins gave us up power or something I would have much rather hurt them say
Oh
It's the most rock and hall day of all
That's why Puritan records presents women's rock two-seenies jam pack with over 50 rock and colonial hits that'll blow your buckle shoes off
Like this classic from the William Bradford experience
It's the music of the first British invasion
Plymouth rock featuring the music of original Plymouth rockers like made flower of power
Jefferson tall ship the righteous brethren and this one from Leonard Gizzard
Plymouth rock let's you follow the musical journey of 102 passengers looking for freedom
The freedom to rock with original handbangers like the guests who have crossed me stills in standish
10,000 religious Vaniacs and this one from bad messages. It's big company
Plymouth rock it's got more heavy metal than a village blacksmith
19 at 560 W.D.C.
I'm happy thanks to giving to you. We got dolphins count out a kickoff at noon with Geldie
Geldie's gonna be on here squeaking his way to success you got the Adolfins at the Cowboys
See this is the day when you separate the men from the Cowboys
Because if by some miracle that often's actually even play a competitive a good game today
I mean forget about even winning because I think that's highly unlikely
But even if they comport themselves well that'll indicate that maybe like somebody would say we got a shot
They got a shot and of course the Beast ain't gonna get all our stuff because he's a patriot fan anyway
Can't wait till next Sunday. Oh, that's gonna be great
You know if there's that gonna be a thrashing or what because that's in New England
Oh, man, are they gonna kick their ass or what? I'm already rubbing myself thinking about it right there goes to show you
The phoniness of South Florida sports fans. That's why I'm so nauseated and turned off by the whole South Florida sports scene
And I was happy for the Marlins and the real fans all 40 of them that they you know
And I was the one that said that they're gonna win the World Series once they made the playoffs
But the fact that a matter is 99% of those people never went to a Marlin game before probably will never go to another one again
And you're just hopping on a van wagon and the same with his J. Feeder thing Brian Greasy beat San Diego kicks their ass against the little teeny girls team
You know, oh Brian Greasy. Thank God for Brian all of a sudden
Bull crap that he started falling down again and dropping a ball and how Jay Feeder comes in to bail out their ass
Which to be honest with you five out of ten isn't exactly like a super bowl kind of record the performance
But Ricky Williams won him the game in the fourth quarter of that game. Oh, Jay Feeder. Thank the Lord
Sid Luckman Sandy Ko-Fax Jay Feeder. It's a Jew thing. You know that kind of crap. That was embarrassing
So it's difficult to be a South Florida sports fan of any of the teams because the the fan base
They just nauseate you by their front running phononists
By the way to somebody online three-teramini, but I'm not gonna talk to them
I'm not taking no calls. We're only doing two hours
Enjoy your Thanksgiving. Have a great meal. Don't call that guy to call you pump us up for Saturday beast with a hurricane
And oh that guy he was one step away from that guy who told the mad dog that they aren't we blessed down here Jim
And then the next week the hurricane's in a dolphins both got their asses kicked and I guess we were cursed down here
I just just nauseating but I inspired myself for a great pull from Monday
In fact, I put it on there now. Let's put it
Can you see Eric just doing to hink jar rations and they go oh gee? I better go back home
We want to change the panel Eric just calm down. He's very concerned about us. He wanted to make sure we were okay
Eric everything is okay. We got on the air
I was talking to Josh for a half hour before he could hear me because George trains everybody very poorly
So you guys let me just tell you one thing right now since Georgian third of the evening
You can bitch him out at your appearance tomorrow morning. He trains people poorly in by intent because then he's more
Securacy if anybody ever figured out what they're really doing in there his job would be in great jeopardy
But because of the fact that nobody he trains ever has any idea what they're doing
He figures he's still got a job good thinking George although don't be don't count your chickens just look at the beast
He's been bouncing around
The show now you're a go today didn't you do this show?
Yeah, let's talk about that
No, you're now your performance was a lot better today
Maybe because you have fans that can arts and it was great, but it was it was fine
It was nothing wrong with it. You were for enthusiastic except the course for all those hurricane fans calling in the just nauseating
Just sickening grow up already you silly people grow to hell up and by the way
I went to Michigan state and they suck and I don't really care by the way there less it can't lost a Bradley in hoops last night
I know I heard you say that and you're still trying to figure that out. I heard it was Bruce Bradley
Anyway, so here's the poll I'm gonna do on Monday at least maybe just the first one because we don't want to overdo it
Because a lot of our people hate sports like poison. That's the George factor
Who do you think was the most exciting athlete ever to play for South Florida team because I said the answer clearly is
Pavel Burie I put Dan Marino down there too and
The will yeah, I'm sure we'll get some other choices, but they really aren't that many in that belong on a list are there
You're probably gonna start naming some hurry Coons
Oh, there's a whole list of those. Yeah, such as
Michael Irvin was as exciting as Pavel Burie
Sure to roam Brown in fact, wait as soon as I hear Michael Irvin is one thing that comes to my mind
More and sad
Man, you got to be kidding me mister Jim Kelly pretty. I was watching some 400 pound tub of crap like Warren's tap
That's exciting. See that's your idea of excitement and sport. Of course you admire 400 pound guys
Yeah, they make me look skinny. I'm surprised you hooked up with a guy skinny as clearance
Although I guess probably in it you know on that bed
There's not room for too big fat guys like you and Zach opposite the track. So clearance just kind of like sneaks into that crack
In the corner of the bed
Anyway, President Bush is no Bill Clinton, but his kid brother might be this is a little follow-up on a stir we had yesterday about the
Bush family that brought morality back to the White House
The aftermath of Neil Bush's messy divorce got even messier yesterday. There's that messier
Well, I'll tell you long ago made a save on Mark messier late in the game last night. There was so phenomenal
He made several
Unbelievable saves, but there was one glove save that was so incredible if we're for a riddle a long ago
I don't think the panties would ever win another game. Do you know that?
Ask me if the beast cares. He don't care
Nobody in that station cares and even guilty doesn't give a crap to be honest with
He just wants Doug's job. You're not getting that job guilty. Okay, you little backstabbing weasel. You're not getting the job
sorry
The aftermath of Neil Bush's messy divorce got messier yesterday with revelations that he made whoopie with a string of women
This is from the New York Daily News in Hong Kong and Thailand in the late 90s
In court depositions taken in March and just released the 48-year-old Bush said the babes not gonna
This is great the babes knocked on his hotel door looking for fun and he being a big-hearted Texan merely obliged
I mean who the hell was he to say and
He insisted he didn't know whether they were prostitutes because they never asked for any money and they didn't get on from him
Bush said he engaged in the sex campaigns while on an Asian trip representing grace semiconductor manufacturing corporate
Of course they paid him too many dollars in stock over five years even though he knows nothing about semiconductors
The deposition was given in a defamation suit against his x-wife Sharon during
Questioning Sharon's lawyer Marshall Davis Brown told Bush you have to admit it's a pretty remarkable thing for a man
To just to go to a hotel room door open it and have a woman standing there and have sex with her. It was very unusual Bush reply
These are the moral bushes baby
Bush and his wife divorced a messy nasty smelly sloppy divorce by the way after 23-year marriage a bitter parting
Then a paparilla and Robert Andrews a couple of the admit years earlier
Sharon got into hot water by legend that Bush was the father of Andrews two-year-old son Robert Andrews subsequently filed a
850,000 out of defamation suit against Sharon
Accord has yet to rule on Sharon's request that both Neal and Robert Andrews be forced to take
fraternity tests in the case and that a lovely thing
These are the people that are bringing morality back to the White House, baby and back to government in American Jevod is the two of the psychotic sons
And what is a daughter's good little bit of a problem too. I wonder if she was in there with rush
The rush was in Arizona dry-n-up talking about how tenon Kennedy's a big-fat slob stuff like that. How's that pull coming?
Now you know what the right answer is on the pool today, don't you?
I select abdominals. No wrong answer. Why?
The correct answer which isn't doing all that well, but that's okay because one of these people know correct answer
Which I voted for is Burger King?
There's nobody even close to Burger King. It is so bad that even even animals wouldn't touch it
If you threw it in the dumpster animals will be running and screaming making shrieking sounds
McDonald's 11, dominoes 7, poio tropicalos, which I don't understand that view. What's that?
Poio tropicalos, I thought everybody liked that. I like it there
Maybe they don't like it because it's spick food
Mimie sub six checkers six churches, cheek and five
Papa John's pizza for it on that's bad. There's nothing wrong with Papa John
Staking shake four bow jangles three burger King three which should be the right one Taco Bell three
Arby's three pizza Hut two Kentucky fries got one
Subway one and nobody voted for Wendy's thank God for that
But how could anybody say Taco Bell? You know anybody who don't like Taco Bell? I love Taco Bell
There's anybody in the audience who's got some Taco Bell in around and you don't want it
You can't stand it the beast will take it
The
Luciano paparotti now the fattest of the three tenors is back stretching his vocal abilities in a way never intended by mother nature in a new
CD box set paparotti does Motown
Through the great fine
Papa Roddy does Motown if you thought he was good with an area wait a you hear him work over the real classics
Baby
Papa Roddy does Motown gives you the chance to listen to solid gold tunes brought to life in a way you never hope for
Okay, so technically that one wasn't Motown, but don't tell Luciano or Wilson pick it
So what are you waiting for if you like ordering CDs that you can't get in stores call now to get a collection that will sit in your CD rack gathering
Dust for years to come
Super high
Papa Roddy does Motown yet what supplies last by the way supplies are not likely to run out anytime soon probably not 1033 at 560 WQ
I'm happy tank Thanksgiving day you do realize that this is one of the days this day and I guess also on Christmas day
All of this day probably more universally because even Jews celebrate Thanksgiving as opposed to Christmas
So virtually everybody is like picking out today
Which and this is the day you're most likely to die of a heart attack
Did you know that I did not well keep that in mind?
I just mentioned that in passing because we'd like to keep around for a little while just as the anti-moment factor
I'm just gonna have some fast this afternoon big no, no you're not gonna eat like a pig because you know the combination of all the
Heavy duty stuff now the protein from the turkey is fine. Although turkey does make you tired and it's very boring without gravy and accoutrements
But nevertheless
But then of course with the cranberries which is like pure sugar. It's like injecting insulin right into your vein
And then the mashed potatoes which again turns into sugar in your system with a lot of heavy gravy which is fat
And the combination of all of these things a lot of people eat sweet potatoes to right yeah bad for you
No sweet potatoes are okay for you no pure starch pure starch sends into fat instantly in your body
Oh, oh, mr. Dye that's pretty I've been on so many by now
I should have a clue right sweet potatoes are good for you right after the first six or seven
I'll get a little bit heavy and then of course that punky pie pure sugar especially with that crust
See I want to go to bat for the beast and Zach and myself and all those fat people we like food
Okay, I'm not gonna beat around a bush
We wish we could take one pill wake up tomorrow morning looking just like Tom Brady and other than that forget about it right
Would that be great without a doubt that would be sensational
What the fact of the matter is they keep dicking around and dicking around wow
They're working on this and they're working on it and they're yanking us around in the meantime
America and the whole world actually is getting fatter and fatter and bigger and fatter and sicker and dying
I'm talking about the diabetes thing. I don't want to like put the fear of God in you even though
But it's not fun. I
Mean pizza don't you like pizza? Yeah, can't eat it can't eat the crust
ice cream
It's pretty good can't eat it although I did have a a
Score bar ice cream bar yesterday. I was thinking about all this while this and during my score ice cream bar
I don't know how I've done it. I can't know idea how I've survived this long my blood sugar this morning was like 124
That's not too bad, right?
Well, that's right. You didn't even know what your blood sugar is. Yeah, I get tested regularly
No, no, you don't understand. Yeah, and I don't want the clearance to get jealous
But you see you have to have all these pricks on your fingertips and that tells everybody that you test regularly for your blood
You're because you have the little the little kid you really probably should be doing that
What is your blood sugar? What's the last time you had your blood sugar test?
I was a few weeks ago is actually
Tilt despite the fact that I'm a little bit overweight
My like my cholesterol is extremely low my blood sugar is great like they the doctors don't understand it
What was the number give us a number? I don't know. I don't remember
Third man. Yeah, right
I don't know you're in denial. I hate to know that I know that I need to lose weight
Especially on Thanksgiving day when people are already picking out they don't want to hear what talking about dieting
But you're in denial and I'm not in denial. I caught your ass away in that piano case
In fact, we do have an office pool running over you don't know about it
It's fat boy you and Zach which one is gonna up, you know, bite the bullet first
I'm just telling you right now
Die babies ain't no fun. I completely understand do you know you don't you've had all the other
ailments and Surrey so far from being fat. I couldn't believe all the stuff you were telling me this man has had like
colonoscopies and
Indoscopies and they've checked inside and outside they've looked deep inside his back
Oh, and they still can't find anything that makes sense because I'm a hypo too
You're what I'm a hypo hypochondriac? Yeah, or hypoglycemic
That's why I'm trying to tell my birthday. That's why his blood sugar is only
I'm a type of person when I get a headache. I think I have a tumor
Well in your case, I would think that of course if he had a tumor, how do they find it?
It's a good point. That
That would be a serious problem
I have to do like a they'd have to bring in an excavation team to find a tumor in the midst of your fat
But no seriously we like to eat what's wrong with eating?
See this is what's wrong with life is they make all the stuff that taste really good and the stuff that has no tasted all like like turkey
I don't care what anybody tells me turkey by itself is
Boran. Oh try nasty. I mean chicken if you have like a nice juicy little chicken that chicken could be
fairly tasty
You can prepare it a lot of good ways
But turkey you got to leave a little gravy on you got to do something with it otherwise. It's it's like eating cardboard
Right, it's not good dump tons of gravy, but I can't have it a nice banana split would be delicious
Right a hot bud sundae on rocky road would be good or honestly shirt ice cream would be excellent. There you go
Can't do it bad for you
So there's like a conspiracy to make this fat probably something to do with the decreasing the surplus population
I think it's intentional
Everything is a god they implied
McDonald's is reading which I despise McDonald's or as they call it in Amsterdam make death
But the fact that a matter is I do eat McDonald's once in a great while like when I'm in Amsterdam because rest of the food they're blows
I'll say it again people don't go to Amsterdam for food
They go there for two reasons sex and drugs drugs and sex
McDonald's 13 dominoes got nine. I'm glad to see that because I thought the people got sucked in by dominoes. It's awful
It's horrendous
How about that little seizures that still are across from the UM campus those two buildings that they call the UM campus down around Dixie
Is it gone? No, there's no little seizures there. You know where it was, don't you?
No, I think it was god even before I got to school
I'm Dixie highway. It was really awful the bird used to tell me oh this little seizures got the best pizza
So we went there one day
After doing an appearance somewhere and you felt that they poured like Morton's salt like a whole shake over it on the pie
It's gonna be all salty
Why don't you need salt on pizza? There's Miami's best pizza right across from the UM. Is it Miami's best pizza?
I know no probably not across from where across from UM. Where's that? It's on us one like right across the UM
Where we're actually is it in Coral Gamals? Does it really exist? Yes, it does
Do they have classrooms? Do they actually and does anybody have a textbook that goes to university?
Miami couple of years that they only they only have suntan lotion and drugs is the thing I'm hearing
At any rate
I'm not talking about look. I'm not seeing like designer drugs. I'm just thinking like generally drugs like you know
Phi uh, Viagra things like that
K.O. Pectate absolutely
McDonald's 13
Domino is nine we don't want to get the Donna Shalela upset again because she gets very bad out of shape
Every time we say anything bad about the university Miami like we got balls
What a bitch what a now you're not gonna defend her are you?
She's a great president stop and think of oh man. You don't know which side your ass is buttered on mr
Your paycheck is coming from Q.A.M. She's the anti Q.A.M
She's the one that got what at the sucked in with at the we got no balls
No, she's got bad info. Oh, she got bad info. What a nasty miserable phony bitch. She said that's disgusting is what she said
That's disgusting. You're disgusting Donna
Remember that song by Deon Donna the Primadonna
Remember that? That's the bitch. That's the bitch. See again. You just you're you know for all your bluster
We're all your big talk and hey, he's mr. Big shot. You're you're scared of your own shadow and believe me
That's a hell of a big round shadow
McDonald's 13 Domino's nine churches chicken eight. I didn't know any white people eight there. Do they?
I would ask you if you meet in these places, but I'm never eating a church
Really, you know in church. I heard they have a great Sunday buffet right before bingo
Burger King eight play o' traffic, hell eight. I don't I don't get that. I thought everybody liked a little bit of that pork
Minise sub seven checkers six rb's five Papa John's five pizza hot five bow jangles four staken shake four that is
Taco Bell three
Kentucky fry one
Subway's got one and Dave Thomas is smiling and heaven somewhere
Wendy's has got the big oh
We're sports radio five six
UAM
States of girls school
Archite
Finally a music company is putting something besides beautiful music in the air
Bartland music presents classic cuts featuring gut-wrenching tunes like feelings
Oh
Classic cuts from fartland music gives you an extraordinary collection of haunting melodies that hang in the air long after the tune has played
Know that a collection can hold a match to this version of memories
Classic cuts from fartland music is the record offer you just knew had to come out sooner or later
Especially when you hear your CD player expel unchained melody
Classic cut from fartland music when you hear it you know there's nothing to do but crack a window and share the experience with others older today
You're gonna be very excited to find out that the 11 and new now I'm playing bits
Sweet, isn't that great sweet
Yeah, it is I was actually gonna do the whole two hours
But then I thought to myself what I would be very it would just be rude to have you come in and sit there with your big fat body for a whole two hours
And just my playing comedy bits because it's kind of a Thanksgiving tradition on this show
Now George would be on tomorrow the whole four hours tentative and he will play the crap
Potassium contest during that time
Somebody asked me yesterday if I although I don't know what the log is gonna look like because it's a long bit
And that's we can't do it today because look at all the spots we got which is great somebody's rake it in some cash
Not me got to have a lot of spots on here to pay my salary are hearing Dave T that thanks a lot clearest by the way to text in the bank. It cleared. Thank you
We had a lot of spots on here. All that maybe won't tomorrow. I don't know now
I'm looking at that schedule tomorrow and we got a big improvement in the early morning hours five to late
Joe and Mark are gonna be sitting in
Now North Turner is on its seminar. They're gonna interview North Turner. Is that a pre-taped thing? Well, how can I be how can I be huh?
I don't think I can interview them because I mean the dolphins are getting back late and all that stuff right in addition to which
How can I be pre-taped because they don't be out come to the game yet?
Right, so maybe they take two interviews one in case they win and which is unlikely any other one in case they get their asses kicked
Which is highly likely tomorrow. I mean this afternoon whenever it held it is. Oh you agree?
Yeah, they're probably gonna get their asses kicked
I mean part-stars done how the job there in Dallas. I don't want to get two sports intensive man
The cowboys look really really good. They gave the patriots a run for their money. You know what?
Oh, yeah, I know. What was that? What was it 12 nothing was that the final score?
Pretty boring game. I came that game into Brown's game
And those two games enough to make you want to cry but at any rate we like the exciting games like the one last week
Pull them out right out of your ass and the final seconds are gets used in against the little girls team
The same team that beat the dolphins in Miami opening day by the way
Yes, I'm bad news for you the cancer kid. Oh anyway, so Joe and Mark tomorrow started to say
See how I interrupt myself and that way still up more time
Joe and Mark five to eight a major improvement
Sitting in for the Dodd Ring old man who no matter what time he gets back
He certainly won't be in no shape to be working tomorrow plus he's doing a ball game on Thanksgiving day, right?
And we're delighted that he's out of town
Anyway, Joe Raw is from 8 to 10 the big head and the big dog is gonna be on 8 to 10
George will be here at 10 to 2 tomorrow and then let's like a pristine schedule to rest today
Mad dog 2 to 4 the Humper 4 to 7 30 uh-oh 4 to 7 30 can that be right?
Well, that's right because it must be an ESPN game or something like that because the Panther game in Buffalo is at 8
So pantheon previews at 7 30 in a bino cook show
Is I want to Humper five to six and we still have no idea why boys?
Are anybody more boring than bino? No, no
Here's the bad news the cancer kid and the Michael Jackson sex scandal is sick again and living in poverty
Says the New York Navy news while the stars handlers vow to crush anyone whom aligns the self-kinged
Is the self-styled queen or a king of pop
Jamie Masado the Hollywood comedy club owner who first brought together Jackson and the boy
Visited the 13-year-old a few days ago and was shocked
He said oh my god
He's only got one kidney and it's and by the way you ought to be listed this be speaking of only one kidney when you die
But a kidney start going
See that's the only thing will work for you as a good scare
Oh, I had it what was what was it? Oh, I was in intensive care when I had my appendix out
No, no, that wasn't from fat. Oh, yeah, it was because my lungs filled up with fluid and surgery
Oh, I see
Because of the fact that you're so fat right? I was on a respirator
Because you were gigantic tub and like if you let's say your gallbladder goes next to it
I already had mine out but if your gallbladder goes next you have to have that out and they have to operate again
That could be it that could be the last operation you'll ever need
So think of that this afternoon when you get out of here and you just on your way, you know to just start shoveling all that crap down
Tonya
This is the day you got to be extra careful
Because it's a bad
Bad combination. I don't care what they give you about wow, you know if you have that
What's that kind of dressing that stuffing they make would like corn bread or you know that supposedly really healthy or something
Forget about that. I like regular traditional stuffing. Don't you
What I have no idea what you're talking about stuffing. I like stuffing
But I don't know what corn bread stuffing. No, not corn bread. That's not right. There's some other kind of like it's
It's supposed to be more healthy for you know sweet potato pie like a better oh sweet potato pie be good for you
Like a big big help out of that
A punky pie to it like lots of whipped cream on top
Not cool whip, but like the real real heavy heavy
Ha ha ha
Anyway, this kid's only got one kidney and it's failing him in part of his face is swollen up like Jerry Lewis
Must have told the daily news yesterday his cancers in remission, but he worries if the cancer comes back
What's going to happen just like the beast worries if he has to have another operation what's going to happen
Well, they gave it like how many chances did we give you on balance for life?
And you just you just kept dicking with us man no matter how many times you beg me and and didn't I go to bed every time
You get to get you to get that food every single time I got you a little black sack and you said I prefer clearances sack better
Anything give me a raise and I was the end of that really
He said you give him a raise
Arise doesn't take much I hear that he don't really have a penis
I don't want to start in with clearance because my checks do show up on time
He's not a bad guy, but the rumor I'm hearing is that he doesn't mean he's got like a strap on
Masada met the boy three years ago at a comedy camp he runs for underprivileged kids and said the funny sweet youngster
Charmed everyone when the boy was diagnosed with cancer and given just weeks to live
Masada and all he could to fulfill his deathbed wish and arranged the meeting with Michael Michael bad move
Now that the boys accused you and you notice how they're just trashing the family especially the mother
Just trashing that's the technique always attacked a victim the accuser
Now that the boys accused jack the molesting him at Neverland Masada is written with guilt and standing by the child and his family
They're poor simple people he said
The family has so little money that the boy in the siblings were sleeping on the floor
Until Masada took them a bunk bed
I sure hope Michael ain't sleeping with a boy in a bunk bed again
Their mother it's he seriously when you come right down to it
What kind of a 45 year old man sleeps with a 10 or 12 year old little boy
Just like Latoya said back in 1993 what kind of a 35 year old man because that's how he was 10 years ago
What kind of a 35 year old man sleeps with little boys every night including the same kid 30 nights in a row, huh?
30 nights in a row, how many Latoya
Yeah, bitch and now she says oh while I was forced to say all of those things and
Jack Gordon made me say this and made me say right
Think they showed the guy damn clip on her two nights ago. She wasn't reading off no three by five card
She was spewing it out when in doubt. She was spewing it out
But now she's evidently got cut back in on the gravy train little bits of now. She's dumbing up pretty good
I don't want to like try to convert anybody
Beast I know about Josh is Josh Jewish
No good. That's good. We need to have one go in the crime. Oh, we got George Armin
Scholar say Jesus box may be genuine something to think about beast. Oh
A purported first century inscription naming Jesus may or may not be the real thing
But Israel's labeling of the find as a fake is premature
Scientist and scholar said at a panel discussion. It might be the real thing
An issue is a limestone burial box or osuory with the inscription James son of Joseph brother of Jesus
That emerged on Israel's antiquities market last year. You know that's Jimmy Christ Jesus Christ. Oh Jimmy his brother
You knew Jimmy Christ in you used to play for the Raiders
If authentic the isherate would offer a rare physical link to the life of Jesus
But Israel's antiquities authority declared the inscription are fraught all the way back in June now they're trying to drum it up again
Just like that shroud of terrain. Remember that?
Did you ever see that?
No the shroud of terrain you never saw that no
I mean if that was a guy if that was a human if that was a person
I mean you have you have to believe in fairy tales to believe there
Just like it had to do to believe in religion
See that one thing about the beast is good that he's Jewish because
Judaism is basically not a lot of fairy tales. It's mostly culinary
Yeah, I like heels
No, I'm forget about bagels. Bigels are very very bad for you bad cheese blenses also bad for you very good
Hmm, Matsuball soup sinnis
Don't make a big sinnis about it. Oh
Carat simus
Potato lakis
Very good. What's not to like?
Hulmentashan on forum
And we're talking about the real good ones once it filled with the poppy seed not the ones with a prune
Oh, no, no, no, no, we saved the prune ones for our friend in the morning. Absolutely
In fact somebody must have some pruning shears to go along with them
Man, see you really blew your opportunity. You had two summer hours
The guys all the way to thousand miles away in Dallas and you could have just ripped him and asked and I was waiting for Zach
And yeah, yeah, why were you waiting for that pussy? You know he's not gonna do it
He's still working on the show with a guy you can that he's at least got an excuse
He's got to work with a guy starting Monday again, but you're not on that show no more
I have to see him every morning with his kangle hat his new midlife crisis threads. Yeah
Not now you get you get a chance to observe because we know that Joe Rose hates more like poison
I mean, that's like a legitimate hatred
I might have to play that thing again the next hour
But you get to to observe the crossover. Yeah
Now one of the great stories of all times is the true stories that the first day that Joe was in there doing his filling in permanent filling in the eighth to ten after four
I got fired
Joe had like a little list of things he wanted to talk about
And he purposely left him on a counter in there and then walked away and most sat down and do his last
uh segment and number four on the list was Moe's wig is that correct that is correct
Ah
There is no crossover in other words they have nothing to do with the gun when Joe comes in in the morning
He goes to the conference room to do prep for his show so he's nowhere near the studio right
So that he doesn't have to interact with him and his moe actually walk out before a big head comes in. Yeah, there's no interaction at all
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Joe right and Joe happens right now a little early
He'll stand in the control room until Howard leaves the building excellent
It's pure love anyway now you can actually take off if you want
I don't want to you know like you can still get paid for it
We won't say it on here that you're taking off because I'm just playing bits 11 to noon because I don't want to do private
I have work to do here anyways. I'll be here all day stick around pretend that you're working beast is a stick in a row
I'm working tell parents that you're working on it
I
Or David's a bitch Thanksgiving is a wonderful time with two
But some of us are shut up Thanksgiving
I refused to eat a turkey that died before it turned
Now you don't have to thanks to Kavorkian turkey farms
Kavorkian that's a name I've heard before that's right at Kavorkian farms
Every turkey we sell is seriously ill before it ends up on your dinner table
Is that a good thing? Sure logic tells you that sick turkeys are in active and less exercise means
More tenderness well that sounds good, but aren't you still whacking on before they're talking?
At Kavorkian farms each turkey makes his own decision about when and how to go then and only then our train
Tarkaside counselors step in to make sure that all goes
Okay, I'll just keep a little turkey foot on the gas pedal and relax
I'm so and I'm hungry
Kavorkian turkey farms where death is just the beginning of a great Thanksgiving dinner
Tired of eating wholesome homemade tasting cookies and snacks then why not try something a little less wholesome well
I can eat a whole lot less wholesome right
Introducing leprig farms fine family of diseased meaty treats
Hmm
And leprig farm every treat is fresh from our leprig colony on the island of borobora
Open up another box of lady fingers
Ah sounds like a good idea
And just wait till you try our tasty ear clairs
Delicious chocolate lip cookies and the classic leprig farm nuttles and which
Hey
It's damn much really past the point
It's sure that's young fella
Next time you're at the store pick up leprig farm special recipe tongue house cookies
Only cookie that tastes your back
Thanks, if no doubt about it
leprig farms dismember
He is the greatest Christmas entertainer the Lord Paul has ever known and now to this special introductory offer
Jingle records brings you the magic of
Elfus
Elfus his music fills you with the true spirit of Christmas
Some Mrs Santa Bay
Step in out of the shower one night. I know she can stir hair. Oh, yeah
Oh
Make this business one that you'll never forget as Elfus sings about his special relationship with Santa
He's a big fat guy in a red suit like
Iron-Els because he thinks we're cute at the North Pole
Don't be left out of the cold is Christmas
Join the legions who love
Elfus
May your mercy all you know
Today's fast pace world hope it's your head it
Hey, there's a thumbprint on this report do it again. Oh, yes, sir. Got a problem. Uh, no, sir under some pressure
Yeah, I feel like my head's gonna explode and ask from doesn't do anything still here take some ivy
Profit ivy a pro thing well, I'll try anything
And dirty rock son of a
Think he's talking to I gotta make it little do his own
Report
Who feel better yeah, what's in ivy?
Well nothing we can admit you on the radio except our secret ingredients screw them all
Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have about saying what's on your mind?
Uh-oh here comes your boss look. I want this report done even if you have to work through your lunch hour
Listen numb. No, I'm not gonna get off your
Do some work around here. Well, I see you take ivy profane. Yeah, I take it too you lazy piece of
Oh
I do profane you's only a second
But critics agree this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time
I
Do you know yes candle wax music presents Elmer Fudds Christmas classics and this 24-record set is truly
Inquitable single bells single bells
Tingle all the way
Oh what fun is do wide in a one horse open
Oh what fun you have hearing these timeless classics performed by America's most beloved hunter of wavits
The way nose Wayne did
Have a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw it you would even say it well
Elmer Fudds Christmas classics not available in stores and when you receive your set in the mail
You'll know why hello everybody. I show hope you like my Christmas classics
So call toll free one eight hundred
But operators are standing by Santa Claus is coming to town
I miss this the boring let's better than a wide radio show every morning on TV
Well just about anything, but that hasn't stopped msnbc from teeming up with radio's original bad boy
Who now looks like an astiolid listen Bernie
I miss tell that internist copy
Yes every morning see I miss was a new attafe of other people's county miss live on the air
I need a hammer to bite into this muffin. You're somebody to pass press one blade hang you see his wild behind the scenes at it
I also the least of it. I think I'm an UL wallers cook coconut you now get me some fresh coffee or your fire
I miss he's irreverent. So what's the deal to pull?
Topical. What's the deal with this one again? He's in coherent. I'll tell you what that
So
Please I miss and he's boring and he's only on msnbc a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of a m radio stations nobody listens to and
Somebody get some fresh jingle it's
Now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the heir apparent her son Prince Charles
Hello
Yeah, it's mom
Yeah mom
What are you calling for again mom? I'm worried about you Charles
Mom, you can't keep calling me every day. I'm I'm very worried to call me last 10 times a day mom
I've been handed the newspaper here
The Daily Mirror. Yes, I don't read such rubbish
Well, did you happen to see the front page? I didn't see it mom. I don't read such rubbish. I've told you it says is Charles
bisexual
Because what is it through Charles what is the same?
Is Charles bisexual
What's it mean by that mom?
It means you like the lassies and the lads
I don't like the lads mom
Don't cry mom
It's true, isn't it please don't cry? It's true. It's not true. I know I should have thought someone wrong when I caught you listening to clay egg
I like him on me so good singer
I mean that's all there is to it all those Barbara strides and movies in the collection
I love to read yet or mom that doesn't make me buy
Harry
Harry's fine with it watching him shower right now
Where are you crying mom? It's true, isn't it? What it's true. It's not true
You're my sex you won't I am not by sexual. I don't have any sex the woman I'm dating mom looks like a horse
I mean she doesn't give it to me at all. You know that
Is that why you go for the men? I don't go for the love
So it's not true. I'm going to be the king of England
Yeah, I'm worried about oh you worried mom
You'll be the king and the queen
I can't continue this conversation any longer mom
All right my date here you date the commander come on in early who who is that
I just a friend is that commissar? It's Ernie Ernie who's Ernie?
What friend early?
We play football together mom you don't play football
We play games together mom. I've got to go and have them
Stop crying stop crying
When he gets ready for plaster the veins of his nose will blow
Everybody hates him except the head full of whole bones
Four holes in the grave is
Grab the morning show that blows
One day the well dressed red
Has no gentile
My CTL needs a new hid light
You mind if I borrowed your veins to life there's another line that goes here
But I'm not a fashion like with our fluids
Mo' how we're mocking faster
That's the cranky
Ernie
Return to center
Return to center
I got a sweater from my grandma
It was pink and black
But don't worry be a heartbeat
Was printed on the back
He rode upon it
Return to center
Just send me cash
Your tanky sweater
return
Okay take me arrest
I got a fruit keg and some plant plants
Hair clipIs for my nose
A wide love old spice
F out of it
Ghost
He rode upon it
Return to center
Who needs this truck
But this year's Christmas, a real East Zone, he rode upon them, returned to Santa.
Don't mean to be rude, but this Christmas, I got screwed, a return to Santa,
a return to Santa.
My and local, we are sports video 560 humans, UAM.
Holy!
How many jeans in a week?
Thirty-two Miami Dolphins.
Don't bet on them you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle, they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put them in their jocks.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami, and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins number, how many jeans in a week?
Thirty-two Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, the team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands.
They watch the game, and all they do is mown in gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Joabi got to be so goddamn rich, and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins, a riot.
Miami Dolphins number, how many jeans in a week?
Thirty-two Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, I hear the crowd begin to boo.
Boo!
Boo!
The dolphins have faith, feedler, that quarter backs at you.
Run down the field, and he will throw a pass over you.
Or he'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
The Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins number, how many jeans in a week?
But good men, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Jake calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense in their offenses at joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on high-zinga, Zagweed-face, and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins number, how what the hell, thirty-two?
Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, Miami Dolphins, now they're through.
All right.
Would you like to become a sports color commentator on primetime television?
Then why not enroll in the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting?
Okay, please let's start at square one. It's not a ball, it's a pigskin, okay?
It's not a play field, it's a gridiron, and never ever call them a crowd when you can refer to them as a teaming multitude of kinetic enthusiasts, okay?
At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, learn how to fill time between plays with spontaneous down-to-earth batter to which the working man can easily relate.
Okay, class, repeat after me, here we come.
I haven't seen blocking like this is the cavalry sequence in Perth of a Nation.
I haven't seen blocking like that since...
At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, Dennis Miller himself will teach you how to construct the entire sentence using nothing but made up words.
Oh man, now, when an obstetaceous malaprism of unfiliated, nine-and-sakes.
So if you are a fan of such a legendary sportscasters as John Matten, Terry Bradshaw, and Don Meredith, then you should attend the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting and become nothing like him.
I folks, I'm Dennis Miller reminding you that classes that start this week will have you on the air making references to the House of Plantagenet and just six weeks.
The Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, in rule today before Dennis is unceremoniously fired at the end of the season.
Among folk music's greatest names are Peter Paul and Mary.
But before Mary, there was Bob, and now, Case Mel Records has discovered the lost tapes of Peter Paul and Mary.
How can it split to a sex to see John? And make everything I read.
Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world, but might have.
If someone had ever actually heard it, Peter Paul and Mary.
And if you've followed enough, then John, you'd probably see.
Peter Paul and Mary, every song strikes a chord. Every song warms the heart. And every song contains the words, John and Mary.
John and Mary, everything and Mary are so sweet. If your smoke is much less sweet, you'd fit here and fit I read.
Get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Mary. Before it all goes up in smoke.
Coming next year, the King of Pop, predatory, your hometown, touring to benefit the Cardinal Classical for Wayward Boys, it's Michael Schatz.
The most beautiful ladies and pickies of Gilles Eric Episides. Michael Schatz.
Because I've found a lady chiseled, it's no matter if she's that girl right.
It's a five-girl-a-chee-axe. Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits from oldies with the Jackson Five.
Damn it, the ABCs. I'm in down on my knees. We're moving to dumb go raise ABC, start on me, baby you and me.
That's right. For the time of students of the Jackson Five, to the classic solo work, Michael Jackson's benefit to her aims to please.
The people left the world are so profound, they've been naive, some call me big brothers, some are better, fire.
And let's know what's true to fire, I just sit for a while and beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it.
I can't come up, I ain't beat it, beat it, beat it. Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm through the press that I just sit around so can wait before a call, from a call, call again.
When I'm home alone, shouldn't make it by the phone, I ain't beat it, beat it.
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's pressing room. Michael Jackson's benefit.
Hey, yeah, Michael. Yes, Bobby. Is that your real skin color?
Yeah, it's my hair. It's inside with counts, but I know a game that we can play to find out. And if you fly, you know, it's time to free Willy.
Say, say, say what you want, but you know who I give a thanks to.
And maybe you don't know how to read, but then tell a boy, give me a reaction.
And hear the rousing finale. Yes, Michael sing the song he wrote for the show, and the world with the Vienna Boys choir backing him up.
I don't like girls. I like male children.
All right.
They are the ones who turn me on and me. I hope they win.
It's a choice.
I might school up their lives, but it's true.
They make you great.
It's me.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics. White Billy's jeans. You know how to tell time. And of course smooth criminal.
Yes, it's Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the Cardinal Clancy School for wayward boys. Get your tickets now boys and your ten is been free when a copy by no one.
They're white. They really really tight.
Oh, they're white. They really really tight.
Let's finish at 560 WDQ. Don't forget join George and Josh tomorrow 6 to 8 in the AM advanced pro shops outdoor world.
I'll find 95 on Griffin Road. There'll be crispy cream donuts and coffee for the first 300 people.
The whole beast is going to be there. There'll be cookies and punch while the last to fake sand. I'll be there to molester children.
You can spend a wheel and try to win some low budget QM prizes. And of course they'll have our best in the merchandise as well.
6th, 8th of our morning, fast pro shop. And that's it. I'm in a five and Griffin road.
Paul were taking the days about crappy junk food fast food joints. Well, here's a place that's an alternative.
It's Vick and herbs fantastic from Rochester, New York right across the lake.
34 1934s when he started and now the good news for you is Vick and herbs is located on federal highway just south of Broward,
Boulder, right on the tunnel to east side. Vick and herbs is like a flashback in time before anybody even heard of these fast food prefab joints.
Go and enjoy a real burger hot dog serve just the way you love it. Fresh and fast.
Vick and herbs uses the same fresh 100% ground stock meat as cheaper, but cheaper and offers you an incredible quarter pound big fat hot dog to shove in your
fists as well. And what separates Vick and herbs from everybody else is that signature meat sauce they pour on top of all their burgers and dogs giving way kazatski in your mouth and unbelievable combination of flavors.
They got a great breakfast menu at Vick and herbs to our notes cook the order French toast pancakes on your favorite side dishes.
So stop by Vick and herbs and see what it's all about. Vick and herbs on federal highway just south of Broward,
and we're going to start pouring the food out of the tunnel on the east side and be sure and tell that Neil Rogers from 12 quarters and
Rochester sent you by to Vick and herbs.
My name is Van Leacol. This is 420560.
Van the West and as per our phone conversation I talked to Peter North here today.
He tells me your real name is Neil Down and he's still ain't interested in homosexuals are more popular than ever before.
And that's why TVS has colorized and photo sexualized to movie classics for your viewing pleasure this weekend.
Sunday at noon enjoy a classic love story with a new twist.
It's William Shakespeare's timeless tale Romeo and Julius.
Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
I'm riding you. I be teach you where?
Here, here, right behind you, Juliet, places.
Oh, now set up. Now like you've bitten, how know it is.
Fifth and three. TVS presents one of William's all time homosexualized classics.
I've been homo.
I've come to see the king.
And who are you?
Why? I'm his queen.
I've been homo. Don't visit this Sunday and next week is John Wayne in the final episode.
I'm John Wayne's and the children's classic adventure homo alone.
TVS, your entertainment alternative for alternative alternative.
You're taking seven ay, all for sure.
My knees are earring for you to sell.
Little scumbag won't get no parole.
It's time to deep frilly boy now, oh, they got injections and lethal.
People are waiting for them on their own.
But I don't think that that's the way to go.
I say we deep frilly boy now, oh, all right.
It's time to deep frilly boy now, oh, could give up just like a hilarious soul.
Yes.
Maybe no time to until the phone call.
It's time to deep frilly boy now, oh, oh.
You may sit and watch the TV with a finger up their butt.
Whoa, why come to know?
Why come to know?
What Christians do per fun?
We fight in the corner.
While fond of their nuts.
Whoa, why come to know?
Why come to know?
What Christians do per fun?
Postal wipe and paint from the factory.
It's hailing back to the factory, Roni and she.
Cut holes in the bed, she just did.
Can't say we produce.
That's just about all they're allowed to do.
Why come to know?
Why come to know?
Do they get us rolling putt?
While meaning out their gun.
Whoa, why come to know?
Why come to know?
What Christians do per fun?
Do they polish up the fish?
Postal gain of their truck.
Whoa, why come to know?
What Christians do per fun?
See it and stand and eat and sit back down again and chew.
And watch it all down with a 12-pack of food.
Live a life of order up to heaven you go.
Got only smiles upon pouring at home.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Why come to know?
Why come to know?
Yeah, why come to know?
Why come to know?
Yeah, I like the head to go.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And finish these three weg time.
What do you live off side of the lip ring?
Yep, yep.
Maybe it's just about 20 30 30.
But capacity of serving the princess.
Is it not a different plot of martyrs?
People should continue to appreciate their own friends.
About this week's recipe.
When you live outside doesn't drain everything every else.
Who can you forgive me, a press-expoo you fool?
What's this?
Why you don't give me my sub-package?
I must attack it to put off...
That's a me-tagged...
A-boy, this is gonna be real bad, right?
You laugh about my pork fry rice?
What are you thinking?
Come back!
I bought me a new house instead of following advice.
Though it may not have been wise at least the house says nice,
that the painting and rewiring the walls, but that's not all.
On the camera click this cigarette upon my balls.
Ow!
I'm gonna give you an update of what took place just now off the air,
because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station Howard David,
who I get along with great.
I thought he called me an asshole, saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is, don't listen.
Listen to 101.5, let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard, maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music,
so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids,
instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boca.
Howard from Boca?
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening, so just wanted to get the message out,
and don't call my show too, just for a record.
Don't call off the air, because I don't wanna talk to you.
And I don't wanna hear you on the private line.
Congratulations, you know the private line number, that's great.
But don't call, because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours, five to eight, Monday through Friday.
You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right, I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station
from everybody else, but it's over.
Me and you've done.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on.
And Dr. Dre asked.
Yo, man, you passed kids.
Yeah, I'm not.
What do I smell as?
Man, you low play.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smelled.
I thought ripping gases and choosing was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off.
And farted so hard after my underwear backwards like Chris Cros.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's last.
Then one of my ass passes on a fat, made you a-too-fat.
Smell this honey.
Yo, be a weighty man, but girl, cuss.
I don't give a fuck.
God sent me to stink the world up.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
He's the one of me kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something.
Proled up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club.
My intestines were filled up.
Moons of bartenders took a dump in a tip curve.
Went over to a dancer, had a fucking garden.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father.
99% of my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all gas and I do.
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper.
They got wrecked about strange noises.
Made on the crap.
You know you was dirt when the family rushed to leave.
You dropped a hold of back, but you wasn't even relieved.
The sky or white castle set up was pretty cool.
But I had to go.
I dropped the keys off and the boom.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
My ain't this.
1140-20 till noon at 560 W.2.
Now do we have to like, are we business and network thing?
And the dolphin network at noon is just a QM.
We run a lot of spots deal.
Does anybody know?
No, at noon when we have the countdown to kick off and that's...
Yeah, that's a local show up until about...
We don't really have to like be exact.
Right.
Is that what I'm...
Because I don't want to like run into the network.
That would be bad.
No, no, no.
That would be kind of a reason.
Actually.
Okay, 143 votes on a poll.
What is the absolute worst fast food joint in South Florida?
McDonald's 22.
Miami subs 15.
Church's chicken 14.
Burger King 13.
Should be doing a lot better than that.
Domino's 11.
Arbis 10.
Poitotropical 9.
Pizza Hut 8.
Checkers 8.
Poppajan 7.
Bojangel 7.
Staken Quake has got 6.
Kentucky Fry has got 5.
Taco Bell's got 5.
That's unacceptable.
Subway's got 2 and Wendy's finally got 1.
Just because they don't want to be left out.
If you guys feel left out because you got a ball spot like the beast,
see the ball spots got on the beast is from like the top of his head to his toes.
Just a gigantic ball spot.
And you want to look silly like that.
That's okay. You want to look even worse like somebody we know.
Absolutely.
Have a dead animal walking around on your forehead and like moving around all the time.
You can go ahead and do that.
But if you want to look really great, younger and better than you ever dreamed you could again.
Here's the answer. You know what?
I know Chuck Alphierry.
Charles Alphierry's natural hairline system is amazing because guess what?
It looks like real hair.
Like that's going out of your scalp.
Like it's part of your hairline as opposed to some grotesque thing died on your forehead.
And you have nothing loose but your ball spot because here's the deal with Charlie.
Everybody gets his 30 day guarantee.
How many days?
3rd man.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and spells after 30 days.
If you're not getting all kinds of action, Charlie, we fund it with no questions as no problemo.
And don't forget when you mention the arrages when you make this call.
You get 200 bucks extra off the already low price.
So get your hair back once and for all, look like a bench.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413 and look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
Or log onto their website at CharlesAlphierry.com.
My name is Michael.
This is 420-560.
You ain't who I am.
You're self.
Yes.
I'm a person.
Some day you'll be dead.
Some day we'll all be dead.
All right.
The minute we're born we start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Young or old, richer poor.
There's nothing we can do to stop it.
So look long at that Christmas tree.
It may be the last one that you see.
Decorate your house in green and red.
Because some day you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Some day you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Some day we'll all be dead.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens, it will seem to soon you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you smell it.
That you'll think God for your family.
Because some day they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Some day they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Some day we'll all be dead.
Yes.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows, that's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning, let good tidings go.
You're here.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Everyone you know, dead.
A very Merry Christmas to you.
Dead, dead.
Are you sure?
Merry Christmas, everybody.
Well, like you, like very much.
This area is the king.
I know I haven't been around for a while,
but I want you all to know,
that up here in Rock and Roll Heaven,
I'll be thinking of you, but it's Christmas.
And I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like, how about a little piece of that pie going by?
Thank you, thank you.
A lot of old slang.
Christmas is a time of hoot.
A time of joy.
A time for love.
And I sure would love it.
Take slides of that feature you got there.
Like it.
What more?
No more words.
Oh yeah, Christmas.
The Christmas to me means family.
Family means friends.
The friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
Oh, pass me that drumstick.
Which place?
Well, flaky.
Now I'm just going to say to you right now,
you know, I'm maybe a big star.
Maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a helping hand.
A helping hand.
Hand me a helping of those mysupaters over there.
Which, please.
Thank you very much.
Now, like I was playing them,
ain't nobody so big.
You can't scoop the help of a friend of me
who's been feeding over the holiday season.
Speaking of season,
you won't pass me that self-shrigger when you get the chance.
Like it.
Yeah, just, just unscrew the cover.
That's right.
I'm going to move.
So this Christmas,
why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.A.L.A.S.
Now, I'll leave those stick tips right where they are.
You know what I mean?
I appreciate it, like it.
I want you to remember,
we're all part of God's great big family.
And you know God made man unto his own image.
And look in the mirror,
I'd have to say God must be a big,
big center of the gun.
You know what I mean?
I like it dear.
But I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing.
Y'all that home is Christmas,
stringing that popcorn up on the tree,
save a big, big bowl for the king.
Extra butter to a little mane.
Oh, like you dear.
Like you.
On the way back.
I'm going to the
They believe in new homies and not in our holiday.
And so every December I go to the middle east.
And I'm going to the middle east.
Hey, I'm Mr. Muslim.
Merry Christmas.
Put down that book the Koran and hear some holiday wishes.
In case you haven't noticed,
this Jesus says birthday.
So get off your heath and Muslim.
The massive fucking cell of rye.
There is no holiday season in India.
I've heard they don't hang up their stockings.
And that is just absurd.
They never read a Christmas story.
They don't know what Rudolph is a pal.
And that is why in December I'll go to India and style.
Hi there, Mr. Hindu.
Merry Christmas.
String Kegnaw.
And eat some beef and pass it to the man.
Hey, Casey haven't noticed.
This Jesus said birthday.
So get off your heath and him.
New ass and fucking cell of rye.
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin.
They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin.
On December 25th all they do is eat a cake.
And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and cry.
Hi.
Here's our Mr. Shinto-S.
Merry Christmas.
God is gonna kick your ass you into the delicious pig and scum.
In case you haven't noticed, there's best things to do.
So that's all we've got for Jesus' merry.
Merry Christmas to you.
On Christmas Day I travel around the world and say.
Taoist Christmas bonus.
And all you atheist too.
Merry.
Can't cry my dear.
My baby look off this 65 city.
The radio's all yours.
Chewie.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded.
Saddamit people killed.
With the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescent nation.
And the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled.
To get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The notes there to Samantha.
Right wing is drilling it over and over and to our hip.
That a rag has some weapons of master's structure.
Let's go and get lucky.
Three thousand people killed.
I'm not forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
The name been lauded.
But no one seems concerned all.
Come be and complacent.
Believe in every word.
Of this cartel administration.
That controls us by fear.
Through medium manipulation.
And the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our hips.
That a rag has some weapons of master's structure.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are saying.
Lino-pedian cattle don't have any reservation.
Bout of provoked battle and world of nihilization.
Old machines must fall.
And have a virgin installed.
With no objection at all.
Till the crap don't have the falls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our brainwash pants.
I rag has some weapons of master's structure.
Only I rag has some weapons of master's structure.
Bye bye bye.
Turn me a lasher show.
I'm Fising Italy in QAM.
Finally for learning.
