I'm having me some turkey and gravy soda for Thanksgiving. How's that sound?
Alright.
I have the ability to take you out here right now.
Take your goddamn teeth in.
Except the head full of whole foam.
Four holes to follow, great tears.
Grab the morning show that flows.
One day the well-dressed rig reed has no gentile.
My CTS needs a new hit life.
You mind if I borrowed your veins tonight?
There's another line that goes here.
Oh, your pedometer love a mess, you make with your fluids.
Moe how would my keep faster?
Nasty cranky detergent.
Ten or one at five sixty.
Don't answer the phone now.
Whatever you do, Josh.
Is Josh here today?
Yes he is.
I'm assuming he is.
His armpits are still a little on the moist side from last couple days.
A lot of pressure there.
Oh yeah.
A lot of pressure especially in the last couple of people that are sat in that chair.
Haven't been there too well.
Oh, what in particular.
So if Josh is lying on the floor with his feet straight up and near you understand.
Maybe he had too much turkey and baby soda.
So we'll just do a screenless today.
Because look at it.
See the guy started.
This is great.
The guy started on line six and now he's over on my favorite line.
Line nine QAM.
I'm going to die.
All right.
Happy Thanksgiving.
Oh, he's the best.
And he's the best?
I love him.
He's no Reverend Jones though.
I'm actually going to get Reverend Jones on there in like five seconds of your life.
Don't you think?
A little early friend.
Now, no way.
It's never too early on this show for Reverend Jones.
Our close personal friend.
He just have a bug up your ass about him.
You just, you know, you're defending Woody.
When you tell me before the show today that Woody is like in different category.
A Piker.
They're all the same.
They're all the same.
This could be him right here.
WQM Reverend Jones line.
Okay.
Not good.
Not good.
Anyway, I'm just I don't know what it is before the show is like a little bit down.
I don't know why.
And then the sun came out here and it's all the way up to like 38 degrees.
It's toasty.
Maybe it was down syndrome.
Is that what it was?
I could have that.
And of course I heard the mo, but I think that perked me up a little bit.
Absolutely.
And mo gets asked, ripped in and Verico's veins popping all over the place on great satellite.
Anyway, yesterday we asked which democratic contender do you think has got the best chance
to be George Bush in 2004.
And we didn't ask who you liked the best.
Although I have a feeling that's what they were saying.
You know, right.
We've done that too many times already.
Howard Dean 405.
Howard Dean went his main machine.
He's doing it so far 405.
General Wesley Clark did pretty good.
Gastron second 348 after that it was a small potatoes.
Nobody can be Bush 267 22.3% of you very defeated and sad people.
Of course I would assume that maybe 15% are Bush people.
Yeah.
John Kerry who looks more and more scary as each day goes by what I'd like, keved in face.
John Kerry's got 51.
Al Sharpton 40 did get Mark 24.
John Edwards 19.
Carol Mosley Braun 15.
Julie were men 13.
Oi.
And Dennis Kucinich 10 out of 1192.
Almost 1200 votes.
The saddest thing is they showed I can't find it anywhere on the web.
And I've been pleased don't send it to me.
It's too depressing if anybody's got it.
They showed the latest galopol in Florida.
And the Democratic candidate who's got the doing the best against Bush is.
Julie Bremen although Bush is leading it all by about 20 points.
So it's so far which means that only old Cubans and old Jews are voting in Florida.
Cusernly dark folks aren't allowed to vote.
Right not anymore.
Not no moan not after last election if you're a little bit they have like a rick your scale.
And when you walk in your polling place if it goes off like.
And it means you're a little bit too dark you're not allowed to vote.
They'll put some huh they use the brown bag test.
Is that what it is?
I'm actually this is Reverend Jones the line three WQ I am.
Shut up.
He usually doesn't call till after 11.
He'll be there you mark my words we may have a tough time that was our friend and
cruel Gables allegedly.
I don't think they'd let that kind of cruel Gables.
No he doesn't pass the code.
No he'll he's out in the code WQ I am Reverend Jones line.
WQ I am.
Hey what's up Neil?
Yes sir you up the part of me for now listen to your show Lily.
But what was the reason that for what does that mean?
No I'm just saying because I didn't hear about why for all got fired.
Why he got fired?
Yeah.
It's a long story.
Oh come on explain it man.
Potty mouth.
I thought he had two guys sitting on the dump button.
They were like dumping every other word he finally just after he agreed 500 times not
to say this and not to do that and he kept doing it.
Plucky dick about the outdoor hockey game up there.
What do I think about it?
It was his he's getting a call from Reverend Jones.
It was okay.
I hope they don't do it again.
It was 25 degrees below zero.
It's a desperate attempt to try to coos up a dying league.
The national hockey league is really dying on the vine.
The crowds are sparse at best and most of the places around the league and it's a
sad game is very boring and they keep Gary Bettman's an asshole and they keep talking about
opening it up and oh we're going to enforce the rules and they don't and it's like a
lot of clubs you can grab me.
That's why I had that squirtless tie Rangers and Carolina a couple nights ago but I must be
really excited.
Wow.
I mean Tampa Bay and Carolina.
Nothing could be finer than to get rid of Carolina.
I mean it's just too many teams that don't need to exist like the Panthers for example.
There's no reason they got a game tonight by the way.
So don't be negative about it.
You're so damn negative.
They'll be hosting the New York Rangers tonight.
You probably ought to be able to get a really good seat because there's nobody in town.
730 we got the Panther preview with seven Rangers at the Panther 730 and then we also
got Herkwin basketball after that.
They lost Vegas turn.
Herkwin's had bra against Bradley ready for that.
Quirky Turkey and gravy soda selling well Seattle company makes Thanksgiving theme Turkey
and gravy soda and people are gobbling it up.
The new turkey and gravy soda taste well pretty much like you'd imagine it says here.
This is ABC news but that's not stopping people from buying it.
Even the producers of the Thanksgiving theme beverage at Jones soda company were surprised
by the demand.
They sold out all 6,000 bottles online within about two hours last week online.
To be honest we really didn't think so many people would want it said Michelle Whitehead
marketing assistant at the Seattle based premium soda company that has a reputation for
quirky flavors.
Founder and CEO Peter van Stoke a good Dutchman dreamed up the seasonal flavor on a
Lark but I mean he can't stomach an entire bottle.
The liquids ominous.
I love it the liquids ominous murky brown color accurately warns consumers about the taste.
The first zippering is a mix of sweet caramel and savory lard.
It's downhill from there.
Savory lard.
That way a limited number of turkey and gravy soda will be available in stores around
Seattle and Olympia for the suggested retail price of 99 cents.
A few and for panoras are selling theirs on eBay by Tuesday the bidding was up to $63
for a two bottle set.
The company founded in 1960 six plants to donate proceeds from sales of turkey gravy
soda to the toys for toxicity and van Stoke said he'll personally match the donation.
Well that nice.
So you're really lucky you can go online on eBay and get some turkey and gravy soda.
Like I said the beauty of it is it looks and smells and feels the same going in as it does.
Coming out might assume it's carbonated because it's called soda.
California priest.
Victim agreed a $16 million deal.
This is a panic.
This is hysterical.
A Roman Catholic priest has agreed to pay $16 million to settle a lawsuit filed by a man
who city was molested more than 20 years ago.
The victim's lawyer said yesterday the priest is or agreed to pay $16 million.
Whether the Reverend Robert Freitas 58 has the money was unclear.
We might think highly unlikely right.
Additionally the Roman Catholic diocese of Oakland agreed to pay one million plus $50,000
to provide counseling for the victim Mark Bogdano.
He's pleased that both the diocese and the priest of ignobs what was none of them said
Bogdano which is lawyer Larry Dreevaugh drive on.
The seventh was reached Monday concluding a civil trial that began November 10th diocese
spoke to him and sister Barbara Flannery.
How come there are always Irish sister Barbara Flannery said the diocese ensure will pay the
one million dollars to the victim as far as the 60 million from the priest forget about it.
Freitas an inactive clerical not resume ever any kind of ministry in the church Flannery said.
Bogdano was 38 as a former Navy seal and Gulf War veteran also worked in the airline industry.
The alleged abuse occurred several times in 1979 when Bogdano was 15 and Freitas was serving at Santa Paula Catholic Church in Fremont.
Bogdano was first told his mother Yamama about the abuse in 2001 some 22 years later.
Freitas was arrested in 2002 following a police investigation.
He later played a guilty one kind of child molestation.
It was sentenced to six months in prison.
There you go just another isolated incident speaking of child molestation is how is Michael doing that the Mark Garagos man.
What an assort you know what yeah.
All spin all the time see this is a new deal now let's we haven't even got the charges yet and of course it isn't going to be till at least December 15.
Because there are so many more things to investigate evidently people are coming forward from all over the place and some might even be legitimate.
But his hysteria about that videotape that was made on that private lear jet that they rented in Vegas to fly a Michael.
To the California that way and then we're going to come down like a ton of bricks on anybody who be smurches Michael and pop up a bond tries to exploit make money from this.
Just hysterical and of course be smurching a lot of the family of the accuser.
And she stole a freight train and the kid was a shoplift.
We had that story yesterday.
About how they sued JC pennies of course they difference being that they won 137,000 dollars from JC pennies.
So maybe they had something legit there possibly.
But that's always the deal I just like to brought you notice every tabloid which maybe you don't look at them but every tabloid now has got wild headlines about the accuser in the Kobe rape case.
Oh she did this and she did that and now she's in rehab and detox and she's hanging out with Russian pop and oxies like crazy and the she had sex 45 times in the hour before Kobe allegedly did the rape and he never stole a freight train.
So what's not to like you know she was a drunken slut and there you go.
Just like Robert Blake's wife that you got sucked into that so easy you know she was a piece of trash trailer trash crap.
She had an image had it coming.
I think that's just going to be it.
Of course in Michael's case that maybe a little bit different but all these other cases where women get light like shot relieving right.
All Gary Condon had to do is to cut it off of the past by saying hey guess what the bitch had it coming right.
And America would have been the men certainly would have said alright.
She was ugly anyway. She was grotesque.
She was not nearly as ugly as mine while she was uglier but not as fat as Monica was right.
One thing about Baba he needs to get to get to get to her ophthalmologist because between Hillary and Monica man his taste in women leaves a little.
At least the Kennedys had good taste you understand.
Oh yeah they were after like what was she and Conn's girlfriend's name.
I don't know.
Come on let's go you can do it.
Exner and Judith Campbell.
And Marilyn Monroe and some hot babes.
But Baba I mean if you're going to you know if you're going to like get impeached based on blow jobs at least.
At least get him from somebody looks pretty good like you know Janet Reno.
Well he did that Elizabeth Graykin she was a I don't know Miss Canada or something like that.
Elizabeth Graykin something like that.
Provinets past 10 at 560.
Happy holidays to you from all your good close personal friends at WQAM if you have any.
What do that first guy say or something about wife or real guy apart.
He's coming back I think he's coming back don't you come on somewhere.
You think?
Sure surprise he hasn't popped up somewhere already.
Maybe it's just a ruse huh maybe we're just like a did them with the audience's emotions out there who the hell knows.
Hey I'll tell you one thing I know that Shelley Blooms fashion clotheers are doing it right because they've been around for a long time at the same location.
40 years in at same great location serving the Minnesota Florida there were 2650.
Northwest 5th Avenue in Miami fashion district and it's Shelley Blooms you'll find the best fine men's clothing suits sport coats.
They got it all slacks dressing sports shirts ties and one of the biggest selection designers shoes anywhere in town.
Shelley's got beautiful Italian slacks super 120's in 15 colors for only 60 bucks.
And I guarantee you Shelley don't have no checkered pants either.
Georgia or Monty suits itself from 1395 to 1595 or only 795 bucks at Shelley Blooms fashion clotheers.
Shelley even offers a fantastic unbeatable selection of Italian suits starting at an amazingly low 225 bucks each.
There are three ingredients that answered a question how did Shelley stay in business in the same location all those years.
Service selection and price unbeatable that's why over 40 years he's been in at same spot and it'll ever change.
The selection is fantastic alterations are always free and with thousands of suits in stock up to size 70.
You're always going to be sure you'll find exactly what you need.
So stop overspending at the malls especially during the holidays make the trip to Shelley Blooms in the heart of the fashion district and prestigious Miami.
Open Monday through Saturday 9th or 13 a.m till 6 p.m. if you have questions or want to compare price just give Shelley a call 305-573-5890.
That's 305-573-5090. Tell that fat old slob kneel to Georgia to call.
Shelley Blooms fashion clotheers believe you me it's worth the trip.
We're sports radio 560-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami with the kind of service you can
have in the town. I would have believed to follow if I didn't eat that crab I swallowed.
I'm going to have to go home. Why did you let me so you can ask? Why did you lose us? Get it right. My
car is on my way home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go
home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to go home. I'm going to have to terrorize any of the fighters in the community taking the toll to one of the survivors wardings can easily get to the other side of the room to get the vaccine. We want do all the嫉plor could always listen and learn more talk body language here in the community today.
And leave. Listen, and leave Eastwood.
at a hospital lock metabad, the commercial capital of the western state of
Gujarat. Clad in his trademark red sorry,
vowels and nose ring, identifying him as a follower of the goddess
Ambaji, Mr. Johnny managed to puzzle the sterling hospitals for 100 doctors.
Neurologist Suhir Shah said Mr. Johnny was under watch for 10 days
with post-circuit camera running and the doctors were convinced he didn't break any of his vows.
Or any wind.
Are you wow wouldn't wouldn't think so. Maybe he's a recycle trying.
However, there was no way of verifying whether he had pulled it off for 68 years or pulled it at all.
Yeah he didn't pull it while they were watching. At the end of his confinement doctor's
noted no deterioration of his condition other than a slight drop in his weight. Yeah.
He has evidence of the formation of urine which was reabsorbed on his bladder wall.
The medical committee does not have any scientific explanation. According to the BBC
Mr. Johnny spends most of his time in a cave near the Ambaji temple in Gujarat state.
He spent his ten days in a hospital and especially prepared room which sealed off toilet
with a sealed off toilet and constant video surveillance.
To help the doctors verify his plans he agreed to avoid bathing for the duration.
That must have smelled good and the only fluid he was allowed was a small amount of water
and he uses a mouthwash. A hundred milliliters of water were given to him and then collected and
measured out in a beaker when he spatted out. A statement from off-metabot
association physician said that even though no water entered his body
urine and less appeared to form in his bladder only to be reabsorbed by the bladder walls.
Mr. Johnny claims his condition is due to a hole in his palate.
Drops of water filled her through this hole keeping him alive. He said he's never fallen ill
and can continue to live like this said one of his followers.
Mr. Johnny said he realized that age 8 that he'd been blessed.
Aren't we blessed down here? He wears the vermillion Tika mark on his forehead more often seen
on myriad Hindu women. Well it goes into a very strong dance about that which we don't care.
What's that? So there you go. There's a guy who doesn't need anything and he's
and they got a picture up here and he's a little on the slim side I would say.
I heard he's going to write a diet book. I guarantee you one thing if he moves the boss
then he won't be well buying no red grapes.
Maybe you can smell him. Heidi Wait went to the store for grapes. She came back home with a poisonous pet.
Huh? Wait was feeding red seedless grapes to a one and a half year old daughter this weekend
when their father stopped her cold. A black widow spider, the most dangerous type of spider in the
U.S. was nestled in the bunch of fruit. Wait didn't pan if she put the arachnid in her children's
bug jar and accepted their ever since. I couldn't come to terms with killing it she said.
Wait a voileston mass purchased the California grape last week at a Shaw supermarket in Shrewsbury.
She said she wanted to get the word out to ensure that others would be cautious with their grapes.
It also squeeze your grapes too hard. In response to venomous discoveries by weight and another
customer who bought grapes at a different store, Shaw's supermarket, the unit of Britain's
JC and JC and his handsbury PLC said it would increase the inspection of fruit at the stores
and sell the grapes loose instead of in bags. As a result of the growers efforts to reduce the
use of pesticides in industry the possibility of finding an insect or spider exists the current
problem of black widow spiders is limited to red grapes because currently they're harvested. How
do you like that? The black widow spider is venom by the way is usually not fatal to humans
because only a little tiny minute amount is transmitted but the bite is extremely painful.
Following that? Okay. In other words. I want to get that to hurt. Right.
Well I got a lot of stuff here today you know we'll intercept a few calls because it's a holidays.
Nobody in town we don't want to put a lot of pressure on the audience all I will challenge you.
I guarantee you everyone joins will call in before 11 WQYM. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, meal. Yes. How you doing,
pretty good sir. I had a question for you. Yeah. I just wanted to know how to get your CD
at best at 2003. We have a phone number you can call. Okay. Got a pencil? Pen? Yes sir.
Writing piece of chalk. 305. All right. What's that number George? 650. 650-0156. 0156.
Okay. Thank you and have a great holiday. Or you can go to colleges.com or listen for a van hit.
Thomas Assuming he maybe don't have a computer. That's why he's asking if he had
Neorarges.com if he had a PC you already see it on there and I hope a lot of people out of the
holidays are here because we're really slow this year. All the charities I have at a bit of a time
because the economy is so good. Oh yeah but we've turned a corner baby. Make no mistake about it.
Just in time for the present to be re-elected. Just like that Medicare scam. In fact things are
going so good that Dow is down two points. Although the next next up a couple of points 8.5 whatever
it is. What do that say about the euro? I missed it. Damn it. American dollars worth about nothing.
A few cents. Anyway MSNBC cancels Buchanan and press your favorite Pat Buchanan.
Former presidential candidate Pat Buchanan has lost his regular purchase on MSNBC. Maybe come
on for president again so you idiots in Palm Beach County can vote for Pat Buchanan instead of for
Howard Dean. The news network said yesterday it was canceling the political talk show Buchanan
and press which paired two CNN cross far alumni in Buchanan and Bill press. Both member will continue
to be contributed to MSNBC said Eric Sorenson the network's president and I will say this
uh since that was the only good show on the entire network I'll be able to just shut it down.
Legal correspondent Dan Abrams the Abrams report will move from prime time to fill the six PM Easton
that Buchanan and press occupied is just adventurous still on do we know I mean I know they finally
shoved him on here I saw one show was embarrassing and I don't even know if he's still on is he?
I don't know. I'll be damned. I guess I can let's see I can go to my guide on my cable here let's see
133 is MSNBC and I'll go during a break on the guide. Oh there's Danny Faye. Fight and convicted and
have to serve whatever sentence he has to serve but if he's not guilty this will be with him the rest
of his life no matter what he does. Man he's got enough makeup on to choke a
a stadium. Wow she is just a piece of work ain't she? And of course you know who's a big fan of
Tammy Faye don't you? That's really good. We got sitting out in front freaky carlos.
Yeah birds of a feather act freaky together. Plus I think they got the same gun of college
say makeup artist 1027 at 560 wq. I'm how I'll tell you one thing when you wake up in the warning
and in the morning there's a warning if you don't feel good if your back is out of shape the
answer is your mattress is probably headed even the best mattresses in the world don't last forever.
So if your mattress is bumpy and lumpy and just the finito here's the answer make that one simple call
certainly ought to know by now we've been talking about it for a coons age call 1-800-MATRUS-DYL
working for a good deal because they give you the best deals in the world no phony promises no
baitons which just unbeatable discount prices every day on the top name brands in the universe
now including even stirons and bananas foster and as far as deliveries concerned whoever heard of
this you picked it to our window when you want them to show up and they actually do a show up
on time like eight to in the morning till 10 to 9 and each one to win between you pick it there
there seven days a week and they take away the crappy old smelly betting instead of your brand new
one and no extra charge. So you put together this combination you have to be a lunatic to get you a
mattress any place else on a sales practices fantastic service unbeatable every day low prices
same-date delivery when you want and free set up and removal all of these things make down a
mattress number one of the world's customer satisfaction. So column right now you could be
I have it a new mattress there today in time for the holidays call tool free 1-800-MATRUS 1-800-MATRUS
or online it's mattress.com
now talk it or did he cock it
sal
you
absolutely
1032 and 560 not a bad way to go the priority boy Malvoah
Oh, yeah, there was a lot of grief. The poll is already up there. I didn't realize that. Oh, I just voted
I just voted the just for anything just to get it going and there's a bunch of votes on there already
The reason I'm doing that is that last Tuesday the American Film Institute on veil 400 songs
Vying to be the favorite music in films is part of its hundred years series of annual sporting annual events
Spotlighting the film history. Well, I got to do something
Because it's American film institute. So they got to do something right? Oh, yeah, and we've had so many of that you know
100 years 100 movies and all these other movie lists and all that crap
So now they're doing the best songs for movies. So why don't I not do it now? We're not gonna have 400
Are we maybe no? No, we got a list that we started with today and of course you can add to it
But give you something to do. I wonder if that's Reverend Jones online three or four whatever that is is this Reverend Jones
You know, it's him. It only once per day asshole only once a day. See he's out of control now that one
What is the all-time best song from a movie now? We got list so far 369 11 somewhere over the rainbow Judy Garland
Come on Judy have another drink
Top another oxy
I think she was doing oxies. No, I thought it was just uppers and downers. Oh
I saw Judy Garland live in 1956 at the arts at the where was it in New York?
Mm-hmm at the place
What that was the name of that place music hall music city
Music hall radius is very good radius city musical she I already told you this a million times Judy Garland
She was great and senior wences was the
Leedon I think a couple of other huh?
Sarai. All right. He's dead and she's dead. She's very dead and of course she what she gave she left us a legacy of great music and
Liza Manelli proving that nothing is perfect
Because I want to tell you something if there's anybody that's a good pool
Well, we've already done a lot of those but she just bothers the crap out of me. I don't know who bothers me the most Rosie O'Donnell
Liz Taylor that professional fag hang and Liza Manelli. That's another one professional fag hangover by the way
Yeah, but she was last last Friday what she had to say about Michael. Ah, she had no comment
She said
She didn't use to bother me who Liza yeah like a no cabaret that moving in all my jazz right
Why not but does she grew on me like a fungus?
I'll be in the seat she had or she has and had her mother's neuroses without the talent
See it's one thing if you're really neurotic, but you have tremendous talent like Elvis for example
He was like popping all the emphills and he was like a basket case and a fat and she's burgers, but he was a talented
Judy Garland was a great town had a wonderful voice great entertainer, but she was neurotic his talent all kinds of problems nervous breakdowns every couple of weeks
She was kind of like a little like Joan Crawford, you know
Not really not quite as butch and had better shoulder pads
So here's the short list somewhere over the rainbow the way we were which I sure hope oh, that's oh, I can't there's another one
Yeah, that's a good list barbist rice and another female head bothers the crap out of me
She just bugs me with her crossed eyes and her big mouth
Staying alive from Saturday night fever staying alive
Morris Gibb was trying to stay alive then they sent him to a Mount Sinai bad move brothers give bad idea
I don't want to miss a thing that was erosmith from that space from Armageddon
Right old time rock and roll which it seems to me I could be wrong, but it seemed
Yeah, how do you like that good was that incredible or what?
Tom Cruise from what it was dancing naked in his underwear when a lot of people still liked him from that movie don't tell me
Risky business Jess for my mind is sharp today, man. I'm telling you one tin soldier
That was George's idea one tin soldier so I can't find it
I got your Reverend Jones is online to hear WQ a.m. Hello
Speaking
Yes, I have a tiger
I have the tiger is good
Excellent. Thank you
I like that don't you?
I know you don't like the eye of the tiger
It's great in your wonton soup. Oh, man. They will make your onions get all swelled up as time goes by you must remember this
Remember that as time goes by played against him
Casual anchor right with hungry bogeyman. He didn't say played against him
I know he didn't say that. That's not the point white Christmas being crossby
Buryman which inspires me to play like white Christians and all the mother good bokeh brambets
We got today in honor of the holidays white Christians. I think it's KJ is what KJ
Like I said play all them KJ bits today and then of course I want to make sure you understand which one we're talking about
Godfather or
Godfather
I'm not about to love things
I love music from the outside
Don't say theme
There's devil have theme songs where he will be like Star Wars and stars mechle and stuff like that
I
Said nothing no tango pihu and lapunta but in your your mama
Now I'm trying to remember where the hell I got that from
Was that wasn't the one from the movie right that was from the godfather?
Oh, oh, I know you you brought that back from Italy or something like that. I did or John
Because I also had Luis Miguel singing that to remember that right, but I don't know no no
That wasn't singing that he was singing some Italian song Italian
And we also had in reek a sing in Italian. Hey, I don't care what language is singing and reeky look okay to me
We got white Christmas godfather theme. Oh, Ilpadrino. Don't say thing moon river from breakfast activities with a great Audrey Hepburn. She's still dead
day by day
Oh dear Lord, you know that was your suggestion about mine God spell
I had the tiger and then now you know what came to my mind during the break. Oh, I guess what guess during the last break
I looked up for Jesse Ventura on MSNBC and
Didn't see his name on my program guide
So maybe they give him like one or two shows they figured okay Jesse go get some new material and call us back in a couple years when you think you can
Do another show? I mean I like Jesse Ventura, but not everybody's a talk show host trust me. You know what I mean?
Absolutely. There's a good example for it. Oh boy. Not everybody's a talk show host
I'll just even sure we like a lot better than Mo
Absolutely, in fact, we like anybody better than Mo even Barbara Streisand even lies in Manelli
A movie that had great music and I can't think of the names of any of the songs damn it even though my mind is very sharp
Like a mutze ball fame
Right wasn't the music great and fame because who wants to go to an effing dance school anyway?
Leroy what do you call that? That's a great movie. It was all right wicked
It was all right
There's nothing fame was a damn good movie. I like to find a little let me ask you this question. What's not to like this little gay?
Get out of here because there was one faggot there
Let me ask you do you think in a in a school like the junior at school of music or whatever that was supposed to be
It was a music. There's like only one gay student in there. It was a musical. You see oh man
It was not a musical. It was not a musical. It was a story. It was definitely not a musical because they put a great song
No, no, you see you're wrong and I thought no you're wrong
See I'm glad you use that expression in a musical all of us like Donald O'Connor or Judy Garland to break out in song and Jean Kelly
That's a musical Julie Andrews, but this was not that kind of the songs in here. We're all part of the ongoing story lunchroom jam
Well, they were just they were just a jamming. Yeah, they were jamming on it
Anyway, I like my favorite line from that movie besides nobody wants to go to an effing day in school was
When the instructor was showing him how to hold the bow on a violin right and he said hold it with respect right
He said you look like my ballpoint pen
You
He's until
St. Paul, good things again.
Look around you while you see our daggers in their eyes.
All they want is just a chance to win the blue.
Here's your surprise, visit the rotten sun.
If you were snow, the weak is making you
You and you
What's that you say?
This is the rotten sun.
Who is it that needs to be dispatched without today?
How do you like that?
Just how he does, back to the where it is.
Somebody says, how about from the graduate, Mrs. Robinson?
There you go. You got it. It's on there.
Summer over the rainbows got 18 votes.
Votes are coming in already, even though the list has got a long way to go.
As time goes by 15, the best song from the movies of all time.
Stay in the live 14. I like it.
White Christmas 14. And by the way, white Christians was a
Volca Brian white neighbor.
A neighbor is accused. Got it.
Got it.
Il Padrino, Godfather 11.
The way we were is seven.
Old time rock and roll five, 110 soldier five.
How sad.
If I ever heard it again, it'll be much, much too soon.
I can't find it.
I don't want to miss a thing.
Erasmus 4. I have the Tigers.
Got a pair of moonrovers. Got one.
So we're building it.
As the film ends to do lots of hundred years of movie music.
How about some of the music from the sauna movies?
When it was used to tinkle on a piano, didn't you love that?
Oh, yeah.
Speaking of tinkling, we got to get Reverend Jones on before 11.
W-Q-I-M.
How about everybody's talking from midnight cowboy?
That was insulin.
Thank you.
Thank you and have a great holiday.
Bye-bye.
Everybody's- but that's not the name of the song, though.
Was it?
I don't know. Sing a few bars.
Did everybody's talking about...
Nilsen?
Mm-hmm.
That might be it.
No.
Was that it?
I'm playing it in my head.
And everybody's talking.
I'll put it down as that, but I'm not really sure that's the name of the song.
I know the song she's talking about.
Midnight cowboy.
Now do you realize?
Oh, and I'm glad you mentioned midnight cowboy.
You want to know why?
Why?
There's another example.
Now you saw it, right?
Yes.
Why?
Long time ago.
I don't know why.
Because it was on.
I was somewhere and it was on.
Yeah.
See, this is a guy that won't watch a Tell-it-Mr. Ripley because it's a Fag movie.
But he watched midnight cowboy, which is a-
A couple of years ago.
I held a lot of Fag-year-
and I tell-it-Mr. Ripley-
I even saw Cruzan for the same reason.
Oh, geez.
Like, Michael Jackson is not a piñata speaking of Fags.
That's the word for Michael Jackson's lawyer who unleashed a blistering attack yesterday.
Oh, and I do want to say this before I forget.
Because I got a heavy duty.
I got a real big pile of crap here.
Can you smell it?
And it was, I told you this before,
I did watch Larry King again last night.
I'm embarrassed to admit it.
Uh-huh.
Because he had his panel on there and he had the-
He had the-
He had the Gerogos' brother on there who's on a case and he had this one on that one.
They showed some clips from 1993.
From the first go-around on this.
See, I first-
I also-
How come nobody is saying if you pay off somebody $20 million.
There's got to be something there.
No, no.
Why would you want to pay-
Nobody pays somebody 20 million to go away if it's just total fabrication.
Oh, $20 million.
So anyway, they showed a clip of Latoya who was not reading from a 3 by 5 card or any prepared speech.
And she was just spouting off about what kind of a 35 year old man sleeps with little boys
and sleeps 30 straight nights with the same little kid and weeks and weeks with some other little kid.
What kind of a 35 year old man does these things?
And she was just foaming at them out.
Now of course they got her on a short leash.
That miserable bitch.
I just mentioned that in passing.
When you wish upon a star, Andrew, I'm voting thank you so much.
Happy holidays to Andrew.
When you wish upon a star, got it.
Got it.
What the movie was that from?
That was Peter Pan.
Yes.
Was it?
Yes.
Really?
Really.
Good one.
Speaking of the gay.
Kyle's mom is a big fat bitch from South Park, the movie.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
You could even play it.
I could play it if we had time.
In fact, I'll just, how about if I just play like, oh, it's not in here?
Sure it is.
It is?
Or maybe it's just undercar...
See, this is what bugs me about the way and I don't want to start in.
Well, not my bitch is a big fat bitch, she's a big bitch and the whole white one is a stupid bitch.
But some stuff is like under South Park, okay?
Some stuff is under South Park, and if you can't find it, then you have to go to Kyle's mom as a big new.
One person putting stuff in there and nobody will listen to your system when you try to tell.
Thank you.
But Josh will.
Who will?
Josh will listen to instructions when I tell him something.
You did it a bit time when things are day three, the bitch.
There's a baby, you did it a bit too far.
You can't lay a May up, be out.
You did it a bit time when things are day three, the bitch.
Have you ever met a man who made us watch the biggest bitch in the whole white world to meet him?
We'll play the whole thing a little later.
How about thanks for the memories?
And what was that?
That was a song from a movie?
I was going to ask you that.
A Bob Hope movie, I guess?
Thanks for the memories.
Was this song from a movie?
I thought it was his personal theme song.
It was.
It could have been in the movie.
It could have been.
Well, see now we got a problem.
I'm going to have to start looking at all this crap up.
It's nine minutes before we're left at a clock, which means we only have nine minutes to Reverend Jones.
Deadline.
Let me pick one here, Russia.
Line five could be him.
QAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
You're going to fly now from Rocky.
Now what about the theme from Rocky?
That is the theme from Rocky.
Is that what it's called?
Yes.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
And have a great day.
What is it called?
Going to fly now is the theme from Rocky.
So how do we want to put it down?
Nobody's going to know that.
Can we just put down the Rocky theme?
We could put down none of the above.
No, that'll get a lot of votes.
A lot of people like that.
It's powerful.
We're going into the theme.
All right, let's do things then.
Well, what do you mean by that?
It's in the movie.
It's a movie.
It was a song.
You heard that song.
They play it everywhere.
Sure.
Well, you don't put it sporting events.
So you don't hear it.
They play it everywhere.
It's, uh, get it on there.
Okay.
Michael Jackson is not a pinata.
That's the word for Michael Jackson's lawyer, Juan Lista, blistering attack yesterday,
vowing to land like a ton of bricks on anyone who be smurches the pop stars reputation,
and charging that the kid sex rap against Jackson was fueled by money.
Michael Jackson is not going to be abused today, furious Mark Garragos.
He's not going to abuse.
He'll be the abuser, but he's not going to be abused.
Michael Jackson is not going to be slammed.
It's not going to be a pinata he raged during a psychotic LA press conference as he went on the offensive.
And I can't think of too many people more offensive than Mark Garragos.
Taking the gloves off, oh, brother, there's more plays that this is in the New York Post.
Wow.
Taking the little Michael Jackson gloves off, and I rate Garragos called the Jackson Child Sex scandal,
scurrilous accusations, and nothing more than an attempt by the accused's family to shake down the show,
the Shane Singer for his millions.
Right.
If that's the case, how come they went to the police and didn't just say like, hey, let's pass a note to the Jackson's that we want 15, 20 million.
We'll take whatever you gave the other family.
Doesn't that make sense to you?
Sure, of course it does.
Oh, I said.
Australian Wade Robson, one of the hottest young talents in Hollywood,
and they had his picture in his story from the Harold Sun in Australia.
Yesterday, he shared a bed with Michael Jackson.
The Brisbane dancer who has a hit TV show in the US and three movie directing deal with Disney,
said he visited Jackson several times that his Neverland Ranch in California.
Now, 21, Robson says it was an innocent relationship to begin when he was five that never involved any sort of abuse.
I never had the experience.
I hope it never happened to anybody else he said.
Jackson arrested and booked a yachty-oddy-oddy-oddy.
Robson met the entertainer in 1987 after winning a Jackson Dance impersonation contest.
Over the years, Robson said Jackson brought him instruments and encouraged him in their friendship
that according to the rising star was always creatively based.
He said, let's work on this.
His initial interest in me was because of my dancing.
He saw the town and spark inside me, and all he has ever wanted to do just help my career.
He said, asked if he ever slept in Jackson's bed.
Robson said, yeah, but nothing strange happened.
Just because there were a lot of kids sleeping in his bed,
does that mean anything strange happened?
No, no way.
And he had that secret room. What does that mean?
You're just paranoid.
That's right.
It doesn't prove that anything happened that it was diddling anybody with plain little rubber rubber.
Let's hop in the tubba and give a call to Bubba.
See if he wants to partake.
Let's see. Somebody says, somewhere over the rainbow, give me a friggin break.
Everybody's talking to me midnight cowboy.
Then we just put that on everybody's talking at me or about me.
I don't know. I don't know what I'm talking about.
Oh, I'm not going to have to look these up now.
You might have to.
I'm getting too old to lift it and the gigantic book too.
Man, this thing is heavy.
It's my built.
Well, you know, it's not going to be in here.
This is not the right book.
You want to know why?
Why?
Well, because this is the top 40 book that never made the top 40.
You think?
I wonder if IMDb has information like that.
Everybody's everybody everybody everybody dance everybody be dancing everybody be dancing everybody be dancing.
By the way, the song you were thinking about from fame.
The biggest hit was fame.
Right.
Oh, I can never remember that.
I know it's too hard.
Let's see. Everybody's got to learn some time.
Everybody somebody's school.
Everybody's talking by Nielsen.
Didn't I tell you the artist the only moments ago?
I think Nielsen the helper.
Right.
Nielsen everybody's talking.
That's the name of just everybody's talking.
Not about at in on.
Everybody's talking.
Like the lady said, she had it right.
Right. Thank you, sweetheart.
Then says Mrs. Robinson, the good, the bad, and the ugly theme song.
Oh, oh.
Mm-hmm.
No, but that was a hit.
See, you don't understand it.
I was a hit.
It was a hit.
So was the Star Wars theme.
So were all the other themes that were.
Well, let's look at the question again.
What is the all-time best song from a movie?
You're wrong.
The Star Wars theme.
If you're wrong, the buzzer's going to go.
See, you're wrong.
It was a hit.
They played it on their radio independently.
So why can't we put it on there then?
All right.
Star Wars theme.
What's, are you some kind of like anti-Semite or something?
What's wrong with that?
There you go.
I think Luke Skywalker was Jewish.
And by the way, he's got a wife and a family.
Mark Hamill.
All those things you used to say about him.
The good, the bad and the ugly Hugo Montenegro.
That's right.
Right.
Wow.
It might come to be have no Negro.
Right.
It might come to be have no Negro's name Hugo.
We had Hugo Winterholder, can you give me a sunset?
So Lisa, thank you.
Lisa, that's for Oh, Shaft.
There you go.
That could be the winner of the theme from Shaft.
Right?
Right.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
We all love Shaft.
And Jim says the best and nicest song from a movie in my view is the U and Me song.
Are we putting fame on there?
I already stuck it on there, I think.
Did you stick it?
The U and Me song by the wanities from Romeo and Juliet.
What is that?
Never heard of it.
The U and Me song?
Never heard of it.
Was that from that fake remake Romeo and Juliet with Leonardo, the light bulb head?
Yeah, where he was running real real super tight tights.
My life and love is a business for real high city.
We win, we win.
God.
In theaters now, Star Wars Episode One, the Phantom Studios.
Early Skywalker.
Larry I, Kenobihan, Mo2D2.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Star Wars, the Phantom Studios.
The Phantom Stand.
It's 11.1560 WQM.
Happy Wednesday.
Happy Thanksgiving to you.
Here's one that says, for your poor best song from Oval, I know one could lot of us, my
best song.
I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could
be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know
one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be, but I know one could be,
K Christ, om by the way Jimmy Christ they got his body in a box.
Well just a box.
Stay in Alive 19, as time goes by 17 white Christmas 16, they'll let me get white Christians by Vokabrien.
I as the Tigers got 10, everybody knows that song, 110 soldiers got 9, boy, I like to find those people, man, round them up,
Mrs Robbins and 8 the way we were 7, old-time rock n' roll, 6.
I wanna thaw thatward it would earn better, would you?
tired of it. They beat it to death.
I'm not a cowboy. Queen's Bohemian rhapsody. What movie was that from?
Somebody used it in the movie. It came out on the album.
Space man David Bowie movie. Space man.
Sorry. Somebody fast all this crap in here. It's a. Oh, I see. This is a brother.
What are all of these? What about that awful movie from the Titanic?
That awful song. That awful song from that. All my heart will go on.
My heart will go on by the on obnoxious Canadian Celine Dion.
We like to ship her out. Hey, anybody want that bitch? Oh God.
Do I hate her? See that's bad.
It's just all these female celebrities and most of them you don't like.
The Wonder Woman are like a second wind. You know what?
There. Like we were talking the other day about the black leaders that the blacks
don't have any leaders. And of course, look what we got for a president.
White tank on old leaders and women have no leaders.
Put a real woman in there like, you know, Janet Reno.
Everybody's talking me and my arrow.
I guess the Lord must be in New York City. What are we talking?
That's also from midnight cowboy. Whatever.
Oh, I was like 10.
Well, we can't put all of these on air. We're not going to put 80 songs from the same movie on there.
We'll have a list of hundreds and hundreds and air will start like.
He'll start shoving food just out of frustration. Just shoveling it down before even Thanksgiving day.
By the way, Eric, don't overdo it tomorrow. Please. Okay.
I mean, we don't like you that much, but you've been pretty good lately.
Bohemian Rhapsody. Let's see from the movie Wains World.
Oh, Wains World, Mike Myers and Dana Carvey.
Yeah, but that, but see, and we're getting faxes along the same vein.
They're taking movies that take a song that like came out 10 or 20 years before.
Right. That's what I was just going to say because the song originally came out in 76.
And they used it in the movie that that's not a song from a movie.
So that doesn't qualify. We've got a fact here from Dan and Louise.
Thank you. The end that they used at the beginning of a podcast now,
which was already an ancient door song. They're just because they used it.
Doesn't mean it's from that movie.
Well, but let me ask you this now that very.
I like when we do these pulls where I could argue for like two hours because it kills good
time. About what qualifies what a pull is if it really makes any difference.
What about for example, because it's a perfect example, what you just said, stand by me.
Can he king? Right.
Because that was in the early 60s. I'm not going to look it up the books on the floor,
but, but the movie was came out much later than that.
But that was the name of the movie. How can you not use it when it's the name of the movie?
That's a good point. Well, that one we're going to put on there, right?
Exceptions when you feel like it. Stand by me.
With River penis, he's still dead, I think.
Oh, now you're going to love this story. This should, I see there's no point in getting
excited. There's no point to it because Americans like being raped at it just like more,
right? Absolutely. They like it. They enjoy it.
Here is a classic example of how these grave robbers have every everything now is for the
rich and the ultra rich. There's nothing for anybody else.
A congressional compromise on how much of the TV viewing public immediate company may reach
sets the limit at 39% a seemingly random number that's not random at all.
It means two media giants won't have to sell any other stations.
That's how they arrived at that number instead of the 45% that they were trying to push.
Mm-hmm.
Viacom Inc. owner of CBS and UPN onstage and you wonder why CBS postponed and
it's shoved off the showtime to Reagan?
Why?
Viacom Inc. owner of CBS and UPN onstage reaching, guess what percent of viewers, George?
Thirty-seven percent.
Thirty-nine. Oh, sorry.
You didn't hear it right the first time.
And newscorp owner of Fox has stations reaching, what did you say?
Thirty-nine percent.
What did you just say?
Thirty-seven percent.
Thirty-seven percent.
Both face the possibility of being forced to sell to some other stations out of the old
guidelines of thirty-five.
But now it's thirty-nine or will be.
They and the other networks fought to get the FCC to raise the level from thirty-five to forty-five.
The FCC with the support of President Bush did so in June.
Opponents concerned the change would allow a handful of conglomerates to control what
Americans see on TV urge Congress to roll back the change.
Lawmakers listened but under a veto threat from Bush negotiated to compromise and settled
on thirty-nine percent.
What a coincidence!
Congress must still approve the agreement but passage is expected next month in January.
It just shows the power of the broadcast lobby said,
Celia Vigo Wexler, Bill Kinticelli-Akruz, research director for Common Cros in
an advocacy group that supported the lower cap.
It's an early Christmas present.
Is what she said, in other words for the via-common, via-in-fox, and newscorp.
White House Office of Management Budget Spokesman Chad Colton said,
Bush believed the forty-five percent cap more accurately reflects the changing media landscape
and the current state of network station ownership while guarding the ends
undue concentration in the marketplace.
Right.
The thirty-nine percent cap was a reasonable compromise he said.
Wow.
The item was not in dispute for its hauling said,
top Democrat on the Senate Commerce Committee.
All I had agreed to the thirty-five percent cap, the Republicans went into a closet,
met with themselves and announced to compromise the thirty-nine so they could pass
if I had their friends at via-com.
Oh, what a pile of duty, man.
There you go.
I'm just, you know, public just continues with these stupid polls.
How many times can you rate it?
I've read about sixty articles on this Medicare fraud bill, which is what
it is. It's not about Medicare fraud, it's a fraudulent bill.
And was there anything good about it?
No.
In any respect, no.
Seven pines, employees likely to face disciplinary action for circulating email porn.
Whatever you do, don't forget today because I've got a big pile.
I got piles, the size of Mount Rushmore, that Pet Grumer's story from yesterday that you've
told me about.
Oh.
And I did, I did print it out again from the hero, then I don't want to forget about it because,
you know, being the animal and dog weather that I am, that just makes me want to puke.
Makes me want to find that guy.
Let's see.
Here's a Linda says, easy rider and don't bogart that joint.
I didn't know that was from easy rider.
Don't bogart that joint is from easy rider.
I didn't know that.
More or more going to find that.
Don't bogart that.
That's what Linda says.
Put it on there.
Don't bogart that joint.
I'll play it just to make her happy.
Andy and Miami says, what about the James, oh yeah, good ones, Andy.
James Von movie songs, live and let die.
I agree wholeheartedly, but Billy and Deerfield whose facts you should begin to be.
That's what I'm saying.
I can't wait.
He I think his nomination is one for the worst movie songs of all time.
I don't have a yet.
Oh man.
Great choice, Billy.
Live and let die.
Nobody does it better from the spy who loved me and Gold finger.
We got to get Gold finger on there and live and let die.
Huh?
Yes.
And what about nobody does it better?
There's nothing wrong with that.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Let's get all three of Monter from James Bond.
Don't we have a song called No, oh, we have nobody rips you better.
By the time I get to the next couple of minutes,
she is going to have to pick every scab off that cuter.
Puss filled body of hers, all right?
Nobody with the great Anna Maria Elsepig any.
So there we go.
Thank you, Andy and Miami.
Zach says, love your shoulders and every New York City on the internet.
All right.
Happy holiday, Zach.
Both you and George do a great job.
Those freaks in Miami need to get a life.
He suggests nine to five.
Dolly partner.
What's wrong with that nine to five.
Downy partner.
She's got big, big, big ones.
Baby, everybody knows that.
Flash dance.
What a feeling from fit.
Loose.
A foot loose.
I think flash dances from flash dance.
Flash dances from flash dance and footloose is from footloose.
Yes.
That's what I said.
That's what I meant to say.
Footloose.
Kevin Bacon.
In the sun.
Like Kevin Bacon.
Nothing wrong with him.
I can't find a movie again that I saw on
Independent Film Channel that one day,
where he was a stark naked.
He was flapping a right in the breeze.
He came out of the shower there.
Somebody will know what movie that is.
Not that it was really there much to see,
but he was making bacon.
12 minutes after the level,
we're working for the best song from a movie of all time.
This could go on for a month, George.
Hint, hint.
And then we could be the worst and use the same list.
Yeah.
The worst song ever from a movie.
The song from a movie that you're most ambivalent about.
If you never heard it again, it would be too soon.
Somewhere over the rainbow,
the great Judy Garland.
You got it there, right?
You got it?
See, nobody under the age of 100 likes that song.
It's not to like it.
Oh, come on.
It's so corny.
It's so freaking corny.
Sure.
It's beautiful.
Although I do like it.
You know, I like corn wrap.
What do you call it?
They call it Indian corn?
I don't know.
I was in a different kind of corn.
Oh, when you take corn and you wrap it in tin foil
and put it on the barbecue,
I guess they just call that barbecue corn.
Yeah, barbecue corn on the cob.
That is good.
Don't you just love that?
Yeah.
It's not good.
Ooh, and it gets like nice and almost black.
Not that burnt, but like almost burnt.
All right.
That is good.
Somewhere over the rainbow,
Judy Garland's leading with 30 votes.
Godfather got 23.
I want my wife to keep playing that.
Oh, Godfather.
Mama Judy.
Judy.
to the guy buzzed.
Boy, she was, she was great in person.
She was dynamic, but she was neurotic.
You know, every song was like, you were afraid to be able to have a nervous breakdown
on every note.
11, 14 at 560 WQM.
Hey, attention audio horse racing fans.
Pompano Park harness is open for its big gigantic 40th anniversary season.
The track features free admission, free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in a poker room open every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon and live racing gets underway at 7.05 in the PM, including tonight.
And don't forget every Monday night there's that big $2 for $25 dinner special at the
top of the park restaurant on the 6th floor.
Every Wednesday like tonight at Pompano Park for the next month, the Hooters' Girls will
be at Pompano Park for a dollar night, helping serve draft years and sodas meeting racing
fans.
You'll be amazed at what you can get for just a dollar Wednesdays from the Hooters' Girls.
And coming up this coming Monday, December 1, the first free spaghetti dinner night of
the season this Monday.
Oh, right.
Don't forget bring your own teeth.
Pompano Park also open every day for a simul casting, seven days a night's week featuring
the best in harness, thoroughbred, high-light action from all across North America for you
to watch and plunge your guts on.
Pompano Park where it's happening right now, a block south of Atlanta Boulevard on Power
Line Road for the new racing schedule called 954-972-2000 or check them out on the way
at pompanopark.com.
Don't forget live racing the night for its post-time 7.05 in the PM.
Live and local.
Let Jerry put you in a coma with this insipid standard.
What are your Jerry Shival holiday CDs today?
And happy holidays on behalf of yellow journalists everywhere.
I never got that fact.
You said it had the worst of all times.
Oh, you must have.
The worst list?
I never got that.
I did get the one that said that said.
That said.
Yeah.
Come on, wise up already.
Oh, that's not it.
This isn't wise out.
That's the other one.
It's not sure the sun would qualify for your courses.
It doesn't have lyrics.
Well, the good to batten the ugly don't have lyrics either, does it?
No.
But how about the song you play from Requiem for Dream?
I believe it's called Lux A Turner.
It's also been used on a couple of trailers for the Lord of the Rings trilogy, Sys Elmer.
Absolutely.
It's been used in the commercial.
It's more of the ring video game, but that's not the one.
It's why?
The Lord of the Rings video game is what it's being used.
Oh.
Rip off artists.
What do you know how that goes?
I got news for Lord of the Rings, they know Requiem for Dream.
They can make your life on that.
And Greg Reed too.
And Mo, that's the dude.
Nobody knows what this is called.
It's great.
I like it a lot.
I play it.
You're right.
But people do know what this is called.
Yeah.
If I could tell you how I love Amy Man, this song, that movie, I mean, it's just, I don't care what you say.
I don't care about the ending.
What?
Huh?
I got news for it.
The ending is better than Fargo.
No.
Fargo actually ended.
What's your...
Yeah.
Well, you know how it ended?
Just like that.
Yeah.
Like with the lick and a shmere.
Is there nothing more about that?
Is the Chinese saying it would look like a lick and a shmere?
You did not get the 5,000 billion do you feel?
No.
Here comes the...
Bring it on.
Like Bush says bring them on.
See how many of our people you can do.
Why's that from Agnolia?
Let's get that on there right away.
Excellent choice.
Thank you, Jason and Miami Lakes.
I already put it on.
How about your partner?
Way ahead of you.
Oh, you already put it on there?
Sure.
Okay.
Can I get back to the story about the cops with their email porn?
Okay.
Seven Pembro Pines police employees, including four sworn officers,
will be disciplined for using department computers to circulate 8,000 pornographic and inappropriate emails between December and September police said.
Two of the employees have been counseled in the patch for the same offense police record show.
The email circulated among the four officers, two clerks, a partridge and a paratroor, a service aid and others on their emailing list outside the department,
including graphic description, the pictures of nude women and men, ethnic and sexual jokes and sexually explicit cartoon.
All right.
Subject lines on some of the emails warned that they are not appropriate for the office or for children police documents show.
They're not appropriate for your orifice.
So stick them someplace else.
Both departments said the email activity was not criminal, however.
So I'm tired of this trap, okay?
Although I, and not only that, but when they're doing their emails, they kept them off the streets in Pembro Pines,
where they usually out there busy with their radar with their speed traps, shooting fish in a barrel,
making people's lives miserable and writing a lot of tickets.
So let them do their pornographic emails and cut the crap you idiots.
Tells wrong with you people.
A woman says she was raped in real-world house.
San Diego police said yesterday they're investigating a 22 year woman's allegations that she was raped to did in the oceanfront home where MTV is filming the latest season of its real-world reality program.
And we all know there's nothing funny about rape.
Absolutely.
The woman who is not a cast member of the TV show said she believed she was assaulted between November 14 and November 15 at the home,
which serves as the production area living quarters for the cast and crew.
The woman told investigators she went to a downtown nightclub in November 14, where she met a man who was in acquaintance of one of the real-world San Diego cast members.
The woman told police she consumed the drink offered by the man and blacked out.
She said that when she awoke the next morning 10.30 a.m., she was fully clothed on a bed in the guest room of the real-world house being filled by a camera crew.
The woman had some pain in her genital area and believed that someone had sex with her while she was unconscious according to court documents.
Oh my God.
A person whose name was not released told a female cast member that the man who gave the drink of the alleged victim left her home saying, I just hit that.
I just hit it. I just banged it. I just did it. I hit it and I did it.
The unidentified person found the woman lying naked on the bathroom floor.
The person dressed her, moved her to a living room couch.
The female cast member returned to home morning in November 15, saw the woman on the couch.
Cast member of the unidentified person then moved her to the guest bedroom.
Well, there you go.
Well, at least it's supposed to be a real-world, right?
Right, there you go.
Ray happens in a real-world, right?
Absolutely.
Oh, man. Facts is up the ass.
What does that say?
From Gary. I guess it's a bad fact.
It says, two songs for your pool.
Oh, the theme from Love Story.
Right?
Okay.
Love Story. It's all we have to put. Love Story.
And the suicide is painless from mash.
Well, I never watched that TV show, so I certainly didn't see a movie.
The theme song. The one you know.
Oh, so can we just put the mash theme?
The mash theme.
This one, the mash theme. Don't argue to be about themes, okay?
All right.
Oh, thanks for the memories.
No wonder neither knew your eye.
Neither one of us could remember Thanks for the memories.
It was from the movie The Big Broadcast of 1938 with W.C. Fields, Burns and Alan, Martha Ray and of course Bob Hope.
Oh, yeah. I saw that when it was new in the theater.
So let's put it on there. Thanks for the memories.
No, but nobody's going to vote for that except this old fart.
But thank you anyway. Thanks for the memories.
Thanks for the memories. Bob Hope's still dead. He's laying around at bed.
Oh, let's see. Good morning. Happy Thanksgiving.
It says, how about the song Shenandoah from the classic James Stewart Civil War movie Shenandoah?
How about the song Oklahoma from the summer week Oklahoma?
There you go. How come you faxed this to me twice? It wasn't that good.
I didn't mean to. Here's from Paul Simon, who says by the way,
art still doesn't use any deodorant.
Paul Simon says Paul suggestions for movie theme songs.
The great escape. That's good. Okay. Magnificent seven is great.
Magnificent.
And the James Bond theme. What is the James Bond theme? Is that live in my thigh?
No. What is the James Bond theme?
That one. I could go find CD. No, no, no, no. I know what you mean.
I know exactly what you want to hear. I don't want to hear it.
Okay, James Bond theme. Thank you.
We got to do the break. Really? Well, I tell you one thing.
You got a lot of pressure today. I thought this was going to be like Make Believe show today.
You know, the day before Thanksgiving. It's not.
Don't forget we got a full plate for you here. A full docket, right?
Absolutely. I got the mad dog at two. You got.
Now what does that mean? Mad dog and Curtis? Are they like doing it together today?
You know what I said on the schedule? Mad dog slash Curtis.
Okay. I don't know what that means.
Anyway, Curtis is going to be sitting on Mad Dog's lap.
Hank Goldberg, the Huppert 4, including they've won that show today,
really because the game is tomorrow. Panther preview with seven arrangers.
Add to Panthers at the Macarena 739.
Hurricane's in Bradley basketball. The Vegas tourney at 1030.
Eddie Captain of basketball game. Joe Markovardite.
And then tomorrow I'll be here at 10 to noon.
Don't abandon me. I know it's not going to be much.
In fact, look at a schedule tomorrow.
I'll go over later. Look at that.
Yeah. We don't have too many like real people working tomorrow.
In fact, I think I'm like the only real person working tomorrow.
You know what I mean? Absolutely.
We got to make believe people.
Hey, what are you having for Thanksgiving?
Why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant and local toast do all the cooking for you?
They'll be featuring a traditional Thanksgiving feast with all the trimmings.
They have locations in sunrise, North Island,
and the beach, Newest Location in Pemberett Pines with the right and a lot of tickets.
Start in mouthwatering eating experience with six different soup samples.
Dozens of second on phrase like New York strip made award at the gourmet center
that sizzling Asian grill of featuring grilled trimm scampi style.
Their new seafood saying Jacques.
If that isn't enough, try their Jonah Stone crab and lobster thermators on a weekend.
The handcar prime rib. Their new Oriental chicken salad.
The animal coast buffet promotes healthy living too because they don't use any crap.
No MSG, no cornstarch. They cook everything with cholesterol free oils too.
And the buffet features a full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh room cocktail.
And if you have any room left at the end, like bring a crowbar to shove in your pants and make a little room for that fantastic dessert station,
featuring Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, and fresh fruit as well.
They even be having watermelon man.
Animal coast relocations for you. Don't forget a great Thanksgiving feast tomorrow.
Sunrise at Pine Island and 44th Street.
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Roads and Pember Pines.
So take the little family or book your next business lesson right now.
All size parties welcome. Let the folks at Animal Coast do all the cooking for a cook up a feast.
Take out and live the available two called 954-5723822.
954-5723822 for the amazing unbeatable Animal Coast Chinese buffet.
FINDING LOCAL THIS IS 5-6-6.
THE RAIN OF YOURSELF.
YOU AM.
Tonight on E.
Entertainment Television.
The Michael Jackson Interview.
Michael, the cops are searching your ranch as we speak.
Have you been having slumber parties with little kids again?
I have some for them. They were me too.
Thousands upon thousands of children.
Well, fair.
Children all over the world.
Wow.
I've been doing it for years.
And McCulloch and Roletto.
Kirin Culkin with people on this side.
McCulloch and on this side.
The sisters in there.
We're all just doing all kind of crazy stuff.
Tonight on E.
I wouldn't see anything else until your lawyer gets here.
You know, the cops are looking for videos of you making with the kids.
We have the footage.
We have all the footage.
Just rub it. Just rub it.
Rub a rub by here. Let's hop into the tub.
A 27-gill-done at 5.60 W.
It's just amazing to me.
It's like things that are so obvious.
And all the energy that's expanded.
You know, it kills a lot of good time in the media.
Look on the Larry King show.
And all of a sudden, they're talking and it shows.
But things that are like so panting, like,
I'm looking out the window is the sun shining.
Right, shining.
Somewhere, including here.
It's like asking, I mean, asking is Michael Jackson of pedophiles,
like asking his George W. Bush and asshole, right?
Many answers clearly.
There's no debate.
Anthony says,
When beneath my wings from beaches.
And don't say nothing about that sequel,
because that's how do you know I do that?
I know.
A bunch of beaches would be really pissed off.
When beneath my wings got it.
That middle, I like that middle, I hate that song.
Ooh.
Everybody redid that too.
Oh, man, it just makes me want a barf.
Just another one overplayed butchered very to the ground.
You are, though.
It was very schmaltzy the first time I brought a tear to your eye.
And then it brought tears to your eyes for other reasons.
Debbie says,
Good choice from Bush Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.
Rain drops keep falling on my head.
O.J. Simpson.
I mean, B.J. Thomas.
Right.
What does the B.J. stand for?
Billion Deerfield says,
Happy Turkey Day, the best song from movie.
For I was Arthur's theme.
Oh, there you go.
Or between the moon and New York City.
That's the one.
Between the moon and New York City.
What does the name of that song?
Arthur's theme.
Was that what it's called?
Yes.
I hate Chris Cross.
Yes.
I can't say.
You know, I want to correct something I've been saying for years.
Because you're not supposed to hate anybody.
Especially this time of year.
We're supposed to be nice for a few days of year.
The rest of the year we can be assholes and hate everybody.
Which is kind of stupid.
But I do hate a lot of people.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Yeah, there's a lot right there.
Explain it.
Explain what?
Elaborate.
You said, do you know what you mean?
Absolutely.
He knows.
Yeah.
He finally caught on.
Anyway, Arthur's theme.
What's wrong with that?
Why are you so upset about that?
Because it's Chris Cross and it's not much of a reason we hate it.
But this guy, Billy and Deerfield, let us show their life.
What do you want from him?
I passed it along.
It's a great deal.
He likes it.
He likes Chris Cross.
Maybe he wants to do him.
Who the hell knows?
Maybe Chris Cross is cute.
I don't know.
I doubt it.
No.
What is the all-time best song from a movie?
Pulling progress?
Eric.
Let's see.
Eric, we haven't done this to him quite a while.
Of course, since you are going to be filling your face tomorrow.
And I will be a factor in the pull for tomorrow tonight.
Just relax.
I feel guilty when we do this to him because it like monopolized all of his time.
But it keeps him away from the refrigerator.
Probably his Japanese wife has to keep breathing.
He's bad.
I'm thinking of that, Geraldo.
Show you what it got.
It was like in the big bed, the 600 pound guy.
In the fat family just kept bringing him all this food.
I can just envision that in Orlando.
That Eric has got his computer and his keyboard sitting right there at the side of his bed.
Why not?
Traffinatic adjustable, of course.
That's bad.
That's bad.
He lost an answer to last time we saw him.
He did.
How many ounces?
About 30 men.
That's like two and a half pounds or almost two pounds.
Why do I speak into two pounds?
Katrina is doing her balance for life and lost seven pounds?
Yes.
She's doing great.
She is a sweetheart.
She's one of the really nice people in the building.
It certainly wasn't genetic.
At any rate, somewhere over the rainbow, 35,
the Godfather, 28.
I didn't know no Godfather.
Now, when we say the Godfather, I want you to understand because there's many, many different songs.
We're talking about the love theme from the Godfather.
You'll put the emo.
So freaking schmaltzy, man.
Makes you, makes you turn to butter.
At least they're blowing everybody away.
When they start blowing everybody away.
How about the theme from Debbie, Debbie does Dallas?
Yeah, that's it.
Bring your bloated brains all over you nice time.
Release suit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I got a couple of articles I have to read today.
He's going to read.
Yeah, it's in Greg.
Ever hear Greg read?
I got a daily corn article for later capital games and cultures religious war.
You'll like that a lot.
And I got Robert Scheer, who made me one of the top five columnists in the universe in the LA Times.
He says for the GOP, criticism is next to cowardice.
I'm going to read that in a few minutes.
They're both great.
I hate to do that.
I apologize, but I don't hate doing it.
I like guys.
Some were going to rain both 35.
Godfather 28.
Stay in the live 25.
I wish I had it.
You got it there.
Don't you?
You got some bg's.
Somewhere.
I've been going through the CD's trying to work on us.
How about Morris gave us?
He's staying alive?
No.
Because they slept in the Mount Sinai.
I guess he won't be going back there.
No, Mo.
I'm telling you, don't go to Mount Sinai.
When it comes that time, you know,
just go out on the street and lay down on the road.
As time goes by 24, now that surprises me.
The reason I was a little hesitant to do this is because a lot of these are like for old farts like me.
Which is fine, but you know, we're trying to like develop a younger audience under the age of 100, like maybe 70 rating for the average demo.
And a lot of these are old folks.
And I don't really know, like you're like average 25 or 30 year old person out there.
What songs they, what movies they watch?
See what I'm saying other than pornographic.
But other net, what are they watching?
Whatever's he what I'm saying?
No, I'm talking about when they go to like God forbid to blockbuster where they pick up their renter DVDs.
What are they getting?
What are they watching?
What are they got?
Whatever's out there.
No, no, I'm not talking about current now.
In other words, you're saying that 25 and 30 year olds are not not a martyrs, didn't old movies?
What depends on who you're talking about for most of all, they're a bunch of dumb rocks.
Responding to commercials, you know how it goes.
Are you saying that 25 and 30 year olds are a bunch of dummies?
Yeah, that's probably good.
Anyway, as time goes by 24, that's all that's I bet you 48 would be my guess.
1948, Humphrey Bogart, Casablanca.
Yeah.
You must remember this, huh?
Right.
This was just my guess, I don't know.
You know what I'm going to do.
I'm going to type in right now, Casablanca.
Oh, I don't want to spill my soda on the day before Thanksgiving.
Never saw it.
You never saw Casablanca?
No, perfect record so far.
I'm going to get through life without seeing that.
Oh, I saw the story on historic idea, Casablanca.
No, that's not what I'm looking for.
Never saw the multi-style.
Casablanca hotel.
I better put something a little more specific in here, my search in my Google search.
Oh, the Casablanca.
I am a movie.
You should have a movie.
A thing for that.
You have what?
You should have a thing for I am DB.
A Casablanca bed and breakfast in Nelson, British Columbia.
How come I can't find this goddamn thing?
I have to do it during the break.
That really pisses me off.
Come to Cabo, Captain Jacks.
49.
Casablanca, nine bedrooms in the audio of the Sea of Cortez.
Well, go to Mexico, by the way.
Nobody ever see again.
42.
42.
1940.
1942?
Yes.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
What?
It seems like a little premature evaluation to me.
1942 and guess who was born that year?
No, go.
So what does that tell you?
Oh, congratulations.
They said, play with it again, Sam.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQ.
I've no forget we got the mad dog and Curtis sitting in his lap two to four this afternoon.
We're going to begin the weird sports radio 5.60.
QAM.
That's a good name.
Don't vote God that you're my friend.
Has it no one to me?
Don't vote God that you're my friend.
Has it no one to me?
Roll another one.
Just like the other one.
It's a scene to be about to quit.
And I need another year.
Don't vote God that you're my friend.
Has it all around?
Don't vote God that you're my friend.
Has it no down?
Roll another one.
Just like the other one.
This will see you about to miss.
And I go have another sin.
Don't vote God that you're my friend.
Has it all down?
Don't vote God that you're my friend.
Has it all down?
Don't vote God that you're my friend.
Has it all down?
Don't vote God that you're my friend.
You're the God that you're my friend.
Originally by fraternity of man and covered by little feet.
I can't stand little feet.
You like them big?
By Elliott Ingber wrote the music and lyrics.
It was originally down the soundtrack of easy writer.
I thought we'd kill some time with that.
Here's the fact that says happy turkey day.
Can you feel it?
That's a good song.
You don't like out in John.
You hit the song?
I think it's pretty good.
It's okay.
It's small.
I like Old Dalton John.
Not the new Dalton John.
I agree.
Back when he was really a word of big glasses, he was a real screamer.
Like Carlos out there at the desk.
Not that much of a screamer.
Although the difference between we like out in John, we hate Carlos.
Here's a fact from a real chronic Whitney, the bodyguard.
He says these three suggestions from the Beverly Hills Hill Cop movie series.
The heat is on.
K-Logins.
What is this?
I think it's K-Logins.
Newtron Dance.
Point is this is busted Bob Seeger.
What does that mean?
The heat is on is a fine choice from all of them.
What does that mean?
It's all of them people?
No, no.
He's laying in a whole bunch of songs and people.
Let's just muddle through it.
The heat is on.
There you go.
This is written so incorrectly.
You like I see.
I see.
The heat is on.
K-Logins says, well, it says I thought it was a sentency.
Newtron Dance by the pointer system is busted by Bob Seeger.
I'm reading it all together like it's because it's the same coherent.
Now let's see.
I can't read the rest of it.
Whitney Houston and I will always love you from the body.
Oh, geez.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
No, we don't thank Stephen Fritzker.
I'll say that.
Here's a list from, it says Moe is an f-ing scumbag.
And of course, we know that you are correct.
Up where we belong, Joe Cocker from Officer and a gentleman.
Okay.
Up where we belong.
Remember Joe Cocker?
Just like you said, help by the Beatles from the movie.
Help.
Don't you forget about me.
It was Simple Minds from Breakfast Club.
And Circle of Life.
Type all of these you realize.
I think it's important.
I'm typing all of these out.
Good.
Circle of Life, Elton John from The Lion King.
There's another one.
Circle of Life.
Do you know that song?
Yeah, it sucks.
One line.
Don't put it out.
Don't put that out.
One from the movie is good.
We got the definitive one.
Here's another one.
My favorite movie song is Just Hit Me with a Flash.
It's Perfect, Cheerful, Holiday Stuff.
Eric I'll always look at a bright side of life.
That's cute.
What's wrong with that?
We love it.
So as I think you enjoyed the play this and the fantasy.
You can't see it.
You can't see it.
I loved that.
I loved that.
You had to put that little bleep in it, of course.
But that's the way it is.
This is Radio Man, this is America, where Freedom of Speech is just a figment of somebody's imagination.
5.670560, Pant domin, Forget the Robert Sheer article.
Don't forget and the David Corn.
Somewhere over the rainbow is holding its own man, Judy Garland.
You can't touch her with a stick.
She is Dino Mite.
Although, in second place, in doing very nicely, if I can find the damn thing, here you are.
And it's one thing they both haven't come in, they're both very schmaltzy, extraordinarily
schmaltzy, right?
You can almost smell the schmalt's hearing.
I could feel it.
You can almost feel the chicken fat just clogging up your arteries, going a clog for the turkey
fat.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
This is Dave from my home.
How you doing, Dave?
Listen, the name of that song for Kelly's hero's movie is Mike Kerb Congregation, that's
the name of the band.
Oh, I hate the Mike Kerb Congregation, they're much of religious nuts.
And they're worth the 20-year-old Andrew and Don.
Hey, man.
Yeah, I mean my brother at home listening through you.
Excellent.
I'm going to risk it.
I'm going to risk it.
I'm going to risk it.
A task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task
of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the task of the
our questions the answer please the question the question the answer please the question the answer please the question the answer please the question the answer please the question the answer please the question the correct answer please guess the question the question the answer please guess the question the question the answer please guess the question the answer please guess the question the answer please the question the question the answer please the question the question the question the question the answer please the question the secret venue notes in the home 하나 bip or distributing ah that is this little Baton
right as time goes by by the way was 1942 okay by looking up you're right a
Casablanca 28 stand alive 25 white Christmas 21 Mrs. Robinson 15 Kyle's mom
is a big fat bitch I'm gonna start writing down that I got to play I got to
play Kyle's mom I'll play in bagpipes right right and what was the other one
don't bugger at that joint no no there's another one no I just got you're
saying it I don't know oh you see that's why I didn't write them down fast enough
too bad oh well it's way close I am the tiger 14 110 soldier 11 moon
River 8 way we were eight Star Wars team eight look what I found oh no that's
it
you're in the desert
old time rock and roll seven shaft six gonna fly now Rocky six he put Rocky
under now they know what the whole song is the good the bed and the you glee
five it's a song about Mo I don't want to miss a thing for a Rosemite's
only got four votes nine to five Donnie Park would have big big gigantic
hooters five live and let die three fames got three there's some other good
songs there's one called red light but then Tom Ridge would get all upset if we
play red light you know well back in those days it happened to a different
connotation now you say red light everybody like hides under the bed supposedly
they keep talking about all these elevated threats but you notice they haven't
changed it from yellow to orange that they would be like a bad for the market
it's bad not just bad for the market it's bad for the American psyche see
in the holidays the right winners don't want to do that I see they're trying to
say you not see one doesn't want to do that they want to keep keep your
thinking hey everything's great everything's coming up roses Steve Allen wrote
that by the way yeah he did he used to be a great guy Steve Allen you wouldn't
know that now he's dead no suicide is painless from mash to wise up Amy man I
love I love Amy man too when he was upon a star two gold finger two everybody's
talking one you and me song one Arthur's themes got one see there you go you
were pooing it probably the guy Billy foot loose has one Kevin's making bacon
don't go get that joint one thanks for the memories one from 1906 love
story one the wind beneath my wings has one and there's several of them on here
don't have no votes day by day thank goodness nobody does it better has gotten
on why is that you think because some people are just better than others great
escape none magnificent seven non stand by me none how can stand by me have no
votes Shannon doing on and day by day I think we got that under twice or did
you know just moved on me how that happened it reloaded it reloaded and it moved
it's a whole bunch of zero but it just moved on me you know I just had a major
movement how can stand by me by the great Benny King have no votes even if he
didn't like the movie how can you not like the movie that's number one is a Q
movie and number two how can you not love stand by me I'm gonna find it I
bet you got it here somewhere that's around always the other thing I was for
all of Bonnie Python that you're very little help today you're useless wait till
Josh starts putting some right card on his armpits are running and dripping
all over the place then he might actually be a some use then he'll put your
ass to shame four minutes till noon at q a m but thanks for the memories and
he's got a good choice the theme from blackboard jungle rock around the clock
okay happy Thanksgiving I'm happy go ahead shall holidays do rock
around a clock billhaley in the comments with that nice do in fact he had a
better do than even more absolutely the curly little spit curl by Johnny
Depp ripped him off with that unfortunately that bad bad movie which was called
cry baby make you see I got that blocked out of my mind especially since Johnny
Depp has been declared by people magazine the sexiest man alive I don't agree
with that but he's certainly in the top 500 here's a fact from Steve who was on a
great like to about Greg Budelle it's a good time for the great taste Neil this is
noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste anyway
Steve writes for alternative entertainment because I hate mowsho I've listened to
Greg Budelle show on wjna during these six to ten a m hours it's somewhat
entertaining as I do I listen to the old fart colors you call them for free
these and what songs they want to hear big bands etc that's the majority of
his audience he's talking live spots for some liposuction surgery that he had
done a lot Steve Kane he also promotes Mitch Hersh and has them on a year oh
oh oh if you think I hated Greg Budelle in the past you just saying to hurt
nothing yet they all hate you Greg he's also using your you there's terms
constantly how originally and as always he tells the audience about his past
drug addations rehabs etc and how he's a new improved Greg Budelle I was
wondering when that's gonna happen and last but not least don't noodles that
we just heard from his his psychic has come out of the closet I wonder if he
means that literally I say it's a good time for the great taste no matter what
noodles is tasting I was hoping that some of his old material of course noodles
from I once upon a time in America would be embarrassed was that noodles in the
pick in the garbage truck yeah there were noodles in there it's chips and I was
hoping for some of his old material but obviously can't come out of the
original idea thank you was Steve happy turkey to you too Mark McCalla was a
good factor says the love theme song from Romeo and Juliet the old movie not
the one well with diapers is the one they're talking about sorry don't know the
name of the song but there's no way I can hum it to you on paper I think it
goes like somebody will know what it is I really loved theme from Romeo and Juliet
is that what it's called I don't know I think it's how does it go I remember
Leonard Whiting wearing those tights yeah they were tight it's it's he was awful
pretty you know he was just too pretty Leonard Whiting yeah really it was
per me it's one thing to be cute it's nothing to be handsome it's nothing to be
like I don't know but he was pretty you know what I mean pretty boy yeah five six
seven oh five I don't think you do know what I mean five six seven on the whatever
it is out of town line cows mom we got to play and play in bagpipes I
think today I'm just gonna do all requests hey is that a good idea why not why
should I I got to do the Robert Sheer article right now I know there's
phones are friggin friggin and bringing frantic they're friggin friggin Robert
Sheeran the LA time says a new ad questioning the patriotism of democratic
candidates is dirty politics he writes what nerve for president pushed a
question the patriotism of his democratic opponents two of whom are highly
decorated purple heart and bronze and silver star veterans and all of whom
have labored long to make this a better country but the television ads that
the Republican Party is running on Bush's behalf and Iowa this week does
just that making the outrageous insinuation that critics of the president's
policies are in fact supporters of terrorists some are now attacking the
president for attacking terrorists the ad states some call for us to retreat
putting our national security in the hands of others the aderge's viewers to
tell Congress to support the president's policy of preemptive self-defense
this is dirty politics at its absolute lowest equating criticism with cowardice
the irony is that the ad features the president delivering the 2003 state of
the Union speech which has turned out to be an enormous embarrassment of
admitted distortions including one claim based on a forged document that a
rack was a nuclear threat it was in that speech that the president had the
imminent threat of Iraq so far undiscovered weapons of mass destruction while
implying that Sodom Hussein collaborated with al-Qaeda on the night love of
attacks a charge that the president himself recently conceded was without
foundation in fact the Iraq war is proven to be a terrible test case for
preemptive self-defense because the intelligence that was founded on his
unsus so much loose sand if you say somebody is a threat and then it turns out
that they aren't your preemptive attack is no longer self-defense worse though
as general Wesley Clark points out is that the Iraq war and occupation have been a
distraction from the war against al-Qaeda I'm not critical of president
Bush because he's attacking terrorists Clark said I'm critical of
president Bush because he's not attacking terrorists if the president were
serious about heating the lessons of 9-11 the White House would not be
refusing to send executive records to the independent commission that's
trying to determine how those attacks were allowed to occur and what might
prevent them in the future former senator Max Cleelan a member of that
commission is called the president's stonewalling Nick Sonean suggesting that
Bush might not really want the truth to come out as Cleelan they triple
amputee Vietnam veteran put it in an interview with salon.com it's been
painfully obvious the administration not only fought the creation of the
commission but that their objective was the war in Iraq and one of the
notions that was built on was there was a direct connection between al-Qaeda 9-11
and Saddam Hussein there was not so therefore they didn't want that on
11 Commission to get going they want to kick this can down past the elections a
more ominous possibilities that the White House and intelligence records kept
from the being kept from the 9-11 Commission me in the
administration for indifference to the problem posed by Osabin Laden's gang
before the 9-11 attacks we do know that the incoming Bush team did not take
very seriously the dire warnings passed on by president Clinton's outgoing
national security adviser Sandy burger and by FBI agents in the field the Bush
administration seemed more preoccupied with the war on drugs than terrorism
even congratulating the Taliban for its successful drug eradication program
just weeks before 9-11 furthermore the US failed to seriously confront al-Qaeda
sponsors in Saudi Arabia before and after the terrorist attacks instead we
invaded Iraq the president has got a lot to answer for and is failed war on
terrorism been logged in still large al-Qaeda corner the White House is
responsible for the series of devastating terrorist attacks in Turkey Saudi
Arabia and Afghanistan Bush has managed to turn formally secular Iraq into a
hot bit of religious fanaticism while diverting attention from Afghanistan
along the Taliban al-Qaeda to creep back in although Cleveland voted for the
Iraq war authorization last year that didn't stop his Republican opponent
sassy shambles who avoided service in Vietnam from defeating War Hero Cleveland
in 2002 by using attack as the question is patriotism in those ads
Cleveland's face was presented alongside pictures of bin Laden who's saying is
if they were one and the same as has been famously said the appeal the
patriotism is often the last refuge of a scoundrel what would be truly un
patriotic and abrogation of the responsibility to the American people is for
the democratic candidates to fail to take on Bush's record in subverting the
fight against terrorism Robert here who always writes a great call up that's
going probably in the early times legal boy son our website
got a thumb right on it
somewhere over the rainbow I'm shocked aren't you are you kind of surprised
yeah I guess everybody of every agency in the Wizard of Oz have any correct
the old wizard mandatory win one for the a wizard rain some are with a rainbow
41 by the neurotic but wonderfully talented Judy Garland let's hear a little
of it and is there anyone that didn't like it was your boss what's not to lie
exactly what do we like best the Tin Man the madhatter the Cheshire cat
uh some are with a rainbow 41 the godfather ill-pandrino 38 as time goes by
28 that one surprises me too 1942 all the life did not see to go back to
what I said before I think that people of all ages if they go to a because it's
so famous you know and even though they do have the mistake about played again
Sam which he didn't say that everybody has seen that except you Keza Blanca
no I ain't gonna either and I think it's also ironic you know the thing about
don't progress that joint because it did become part of the language I was
I was read an interesting thing on a website about that uh but he died of
lung cancer see so I think there's like a there's a suburbola as the
president would say a suburbola message in there like don't suck on it too
hard stay in life 26 white Christmas 23 cows mom is a big fat bitch 18 that's
what I'm hearing Mrs. Robinson 16 I had the tiger 15 which you don't like for
some reason I think it's pretty good 110 soldier which you do like and I
despise has got 12 the way we were is got 10 oh I'm so sorry and then nine for
star wars theme the good to bat in the ubley nine for that moon River eight
Rocky theme seven gonna fly now that and now I'll tell you Sharon fortunately
her was in that I loved how you share but it said she was in there what
I Shaq did you see it even what Rocky yeah yeah it was okay Rocky was okay
was actually okay yo Adrian I was surprised I was a lot of money I met the
stupidities what it was I avoided it for a long time so freaking stupid man it just
makes me want to puke yeah shaft is got seven maybe can run for governor
old-time rock and roll seven I don't want to miss a thing still stuck on four
from Armageddon aero Smith fame is got three
mashting and whatever just single digits on the rest 12 13 to 5 60 WQM if
your hair is missing if it's just fallen out and chunks over the years and you
wonder where the hell it went forget about looking for it you ain't gonna find
it but if you make one easy call you can find yourself a bit ahead of here from
Tuck out here with the natural hairline system the best looking piece anywhere in
the world we've got about how many people we got plug in the hair things on
here at least everybody in their brother now is giving you some of the dance
about they're gonna make you look great and they're gonna drill holes in your
head and stick a bunch of hair in there and they're gonna pull hair out of your
ass and put it on your head forget about that the natural hairline system looks
like the real thing like real hair like it's been there all along growing out
of your scalp that's the key as opposed to a dead farm animal plop it on your
head you know what I mean absolutely sure he would so here's the deal you have
nothing lose but your ball spot because Charlie will bring you in give your
free consultation show you how much better and younger he can make you look you
wear the piece for 30 days if you're not just ecstatic if you don't love the
way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting ahead like at least 20 30
times a day return it for a full refund and if you mention the arises when you
make your original call Charlie will knock another 200 bucks off the already
reasonable price of his unbeatable amazing natural hairline system call today and
get your hair back for the holidays and for the rest of your life call tool free
1 800 321 24 13 that's 1 800 321 24 13 or log onto it at Charles
a Ferry dot com
your sports radio 560s you a
m
don't floss
today you've got a very extra special friend stop and buy show us all about something
special
right now
come on
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
hey
sure
run your hands
hey like
what's this right here
what is my ball pipe
what do you do with a blow pipe
you blow it
you blow it
you blow it
you put your mouth around it and your blow
okay can I do that
you like to blow my pipe
can I
sure go ahead okay come on like you got to put your mouth around it
like that don't be afraid it's not going to break
like like this
hey that's a boy
stick it on the way down your throat
hey it means you're doing it right
what's this over here
that's Mick Shander
what do I do with that
what you do with that laddie is you put your both hands on it
you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft
real quick
hey run your hands up and down it there
now what you want to do laddie
is you want to blow on the pipe
you want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle
and then you want to run your hands up into the shaft
real quick
on together all at the same time
okay here we go
good laddie
hey that's good lad
sure
keep blowing
harder laddie
squeeze the bag
squeeze more
you run your hands up and down the shaft
you're quick
faster
run your hands up and down faster
you're going to blow
you're going to blow on the pipe
oh no
you're going to blow
you're going to blow that again
after the kids give me breath maybe
you know speaking of that
this story that you just asked me from Rafika
about Bush are bringing his own food taste
through to the palace when he was in England last week
yeah fancy that
you're never going to believe because you probably didn't read the whole thing
just you in the bottom about dessert you see who
who volunteered
to be the food tastier for the presidential party
when they brought delivered the spotted dick
Princess Charlie
no you're right I didn't read that far
anyway uh Rafika suggests
Elmer Bernstein's version of the magnificent seven
original everything I think we got that on there
we have that on there already yes how's it doing
Magnificent
so you think from the magnificent seven's got none
got the big you better hop on here and vote Rafika
get with it
can't believe that it has none
it's really a pretty powerful song
I think last time I checked
no five six seven oh five sixty
pont I see I don't know we're going to have any
costal too because everybody's leaving now
even Reverend Jones didn't call in the name
oh I know the staff already bailed
you'll be happy no it's like you me and Josh
and the power of the DJ
maybe we'll have Reverend Jones on the phone sir
that's the best we can do
but we'll have a few spotty one boy you think it's bad wait till friday when you have to do the whole four hours
I just got two easy hours tomorrow plus
I'm doing the pre pre pre pre for play a dolphin pre game
because the game uh our broadcast starts at noon
well let me let me see something I'm gonna do the day once that show
uh yeah I'm gonna tell me he's an asshole and he sucks
he's gonna get canned when the season's over
I am I would tell him that
now look we got Curtis Lenin fled oh and I'm glad that I
got it because why do we have I don't want to start pushing people around especially since nobody's there anyway
to listen to me not that they would
but Curtis is so good on the year and I noticed he's out with mad dog today supposedly why don't they
like use him and Dave Hagen since they're both excellent on the year and they know there's stuff
instead of the big a lot more to like fill in those empty slots
because they're actually like real broadcasters
and they both speak like real English
as opposed to like that spanglish baby talk that the big ghost speaks
oh but anyway I just thinking out loud
Curtis Lenin Vlad will be on a marble between five and eight in the moa slot
that's absolutely a big improvement beast and zack eight to ten
well I'll be on 10 to noon then we got dolphins count out to kick off at noon
the game don't start till four which I'm sure most of you know that uh dolphins
had Dallas and then we got hours and hours over that football cramp so I'm only on two hours
tomorrow and all I can say that is oh right good actually does it to me what you want to bother
coming in that said sure why don't I where am I gonna go anyway
so thanks given here we already had our thanks given way ahead of you
Bush brothers divorce reveals sex roms oh my god
Neil Bush younger brother president bush detail
lucrative business deals and admitted to engaging in sex roms with women in Asia
and a deposition taken marches part of his divorce from now ex-wife Sharon Bush
these are the people gonna bring just decency and and civility back and you know
respect back to politics in order the whole bush family the bush plan
columbar right to forget George p George p junior all of these people
the daughters bush daughters corne legal documents disclose Tuesday yes today share
and Bush's lawyers question you Bush closely about the deals especially a contract with
great semiconductor manufacturing corp are firm backed by gying myeong hang the son of former Chinese
ministers zamine that would pay him two million dollars in stock over five years
Marshall david this is the same deal bush by the way from the silver rod oil s and else candle
and he's still making all kinds of deals we live in dealing i'd rather have Billy Carter back myself
Marshall davis brown lawyer for Sharon Bush express be world-of-minist why grace would want
Bush and it's such a high price since he knew basically nothing about the semiconductor business
you have absolutely no educational background and semiconductors do you ask brown that's correct
Bush 48 respotted in the march for that position a transcript to which was read by
lawyers after the Houston Chronicle first reported on the documents and you have absolutely over
the last ten fifteen twenty years not a lot of demonstrable business experience that would bring
our company investing two million dollars in you i personally would object to the assumption
they're investing two million dollars in me said Bush who went on to explain new a lot about
business and be working in Asia for years doing a lot of monkey business school and a lot of hot
Asian babes is what he said there you go bring in civility they're bringing all of this good stuff
morality back to politics and Washington the White House and tala hasi would avenge you underneath
you'll even bring Freddie cannon Freddie boom boom cannon to sing about the tala hasi lasty what do you
think hope Freddie cannon idle palisades park
yeah just like that well he's a tala happy that he's like that okay let's get back to these movie
songs with Joey got a lot of fish to fry here wqa m
hello yes sir the greatest song was when you wish upon a star by chimney cricket
we got it don't we have that on there yes we do we've had it on there for a long time has
got any votes uh when you wish upon a star got three votes three votes so uh give it what full
it just backs me another one of these it says from Henry for the poor i'd like to suggest a song
danger zone from the movie top gun how does echo i gonna danger zone danger zone state of hell out
of the danger i don't have what that is also including art class our day by the secidian people
the citigliani wanting to change the uh town name of koalioni because of the misperception of the
mafia size through the godfather you ready for that you see a lot of people out there think that
don koalioni that it's just the name that they made up you know
right koalioni it's in citiglia cissly i'll tell you if before you die you gotta go to Italy
if there is one place that but listen to me everybody not just you it one place that
recommend to everyone in the world i know a Amsterdam's exciting in a lot of the drugs and sex and sex
and drugs and germany's a lot of fun and a lot of good food and uh sex and but i'm telling you
Italy's words and roma roma the aroma the aroma in the aroma i i'm just telling you right now you
know me i've been around i'll have some bucks someday maybe when's that why is that i don't know why
why don't i wait all right i'll just let's get out with it right now i was just thinking of like more
like let's uh find out she's got it in mind there's a way to do that she's up in the mountains a lot
you know what i mean i'll represent you the uh what do they call her when they have the what do they
call it like you'll be a character witness no no when they read the will what do they call it
a witness no no no not the person but when they have the thing when they the lawyer reads the will
there's a name for that you got me i think they call it the moment of joy if she got any money if
not there there's a name for that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T line trust me we'll get more we'll get about a hundred more of these movie songs on here
there's only about forty thousand two and well that's got the 21 votes already how do you like that
yeah twelve thirty three at five sixty wf you will thanks me this thing about ctilia corleone
it didn't come out it just as what's in the name and corleone ctilia else is a lie and that's it
wasn't meant to be what do you mean by that but you can fact it again i guess i mean some of the
stuff you facts twice i wouldn't wish on Hitler okay or even on bush or speaking of that oh
this really bugs me this story about the pet groomer and i use that term very loosely
it's been more than a month since sixteen year old spike a miniature portal died that after
he left the wilton manners pet grooming salon a month before that pandabar a Persian cat
suffered a broken leg of the same salon her owner says the injury is left through with a limp
on monday of this week mark goldstein fifty one of plantation who owned the nowty funt happy
pause that's pa w z surrendered to authorities to face two charges of animal cruelty resulting
from those cases the news was welcomed to Brian Butler and skip gieelsk bycce owners and carols
cemus was that shameish whatever that is who owns panda bear cemus that her cat was injured on
september 12 spike the portal was dropped off at happy pause october 15 was bleeding from the
mouth when butler picked them up that day butler told police when butler took spike to the beddie
discovered spike had fractured ribs contusions on his left lung and a tooth sheared at the roots
according to a wilton manners police report spike died october 16 i think he did the right thing
by turning himself in sedd cemus of orlottardale unfortunately my cat suffered for months and had
had two surgeries in a pinnacle i said butler i hope he rots in jail it's where he belonged absolutely
correct gold stains attorney russell widium said his time will plead not guilty of the charges and
feel sympathy for spikes owners he's devastated with him said he couldn't believe this is happening
to him i think he's a con to compassionate man right gold stain been a pet groomer since 1998
widium said he ran happy pause on wilton drive for three years until his lease expired in october
well it's not interesting is lease expired and so did spike
is that incredible or what i'm not
will the man is police sergeant peep biglson said goldstein to clad to give a statement to police
he's sannis to sue goldstein saw small claims court to cover the veterinary bills about eighteen
hundred bucks she said goldstein whom she had known for more than two years said he paid the bill
but is not sounds like a case for judge judy that part of it i'm sure
boy my spirit of my two dogs let me give you a little piece of advice post don't be dropping
your pets off on any strangers they really don't know a whole lot about
and even if you veterinary and recommend see my veterinarian since i'm never going to use her
again i can just rip her an ass he reminds me of doctors in south florid a lot of times i get
in doctor think oh this guy's really great or the you know the best and then after you realize
that they named near kirdius they maybe they weren't quite as good as i thought they were
and the same when your veterinarian recommends oh well this this surgeon over here needs to do
it operation in chinese leg and this one needs to do an operation on when he's ears and it out
and what you find out is they're all in bed together they all have their ass hole their
bunk butt buddies and so when they recommend a place to board your animals take your pets and run
scream yelling and carrying on like just run for the hills and don't ever ever let them touch your
pet again are you ever see it in no mo that was the beginning of then for interesting enough
both my dogs about a year a little over a year apart but that was it
boarding for a week in a place where they treated i don't want to go in with two grotesque
and gruesome especially on Thanksgiving five six seven oh five they're line one i notice uh
is still look at that uh the euro goes on it says leapy lee little arrows it goes on to do nothing i
just mentioned that in passing and i'm sure that there are no engineers around and other we got
how heavy duty holidays thanksgiving and christmas and chanooka new years that means nothing's
gonna get done for weeks and weeks and more weeks who else here though
holyo is there yeah what's he doing there stop by to say hi for the holidays apparently is he
still there back in town visiting family he's not in the studios here i just uh soren in the hall
good man nice to see you holyo even by long distance he misses it up here i'll guarantee you that
he loved it wqa and hello hello yes
yes
that's all everybody's that talking at me that's all about moving the flower it goes like uh
everybody's talking at me
the same only the echoes of their mind and then that's all he says i'm going to wear the sun keep shining
through the pouring rain.
Right.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
I was on the way.
2000 on space.
I like that.
That's good.
It certainly played enough everywhere everybody in their brothers
that also in sporting events remaining dramatic happens like the end of the world.
Then they'll be playing that.
That's a good poll question.
When the end of the world comes, should they play 2000 on a space
Odyssey?
The theme from Rocky?
Or...
I got another great idea.
Well, because it's in the spirit of our radio station.
Right?
Yeah!
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
BAAAAA!
All that Gary Glitter's is not cool.
It's better than foil pictures than the kids.
I don't think he was doing no investigative reporting like the who guy.
Who was it Pete Townsend?
Yes.
He wasn't doing like no investigative checking things out like Pete.
Well, how do you know?
Well, maybe he was.
Or maybe he was like finding friends for Michael Jackson.
Or you can't say that.
You can't be saying that because Mark Gerrgos is on the warpath baby.
He's gonna come down like a ton of bricks right on your ass.
If you even start thinking bad stuff about Michael, Michael Motorcycle.
Even though we all know it's true.
And Latoya said years ago, what kind of a freak?
What kind of a 35 year old man sleeps with little boys and sleeps 30 nights in a row with the same kid, huh?
In a same bed.
Anybody buying it?
Not with a brain except those sicko jacko fan fans out there.
You know the cousin of the fruit.
I mean the uncle I told you was on King last night or one of those shows.
It was talking about the fact that the family got death threats.
When that case was going on death threats.
Yeah.
Because like I mean you think that like you know maybe Alice Cooper or Meryl and Manson.
One of those some of their fans would be like a little out of control.
You know what I'm saying?
Michael Jackson, evidently he's got an army of like very militant asshole followers out there who are like, you know, they got their glove on a hand.
Right.
And they're foot up each other's ass and they're not going to take no crap no more.
They'll moonwalk over and kick you ass.
Twenty to one at five sixty WQM were basically alone.
Five, nine and low.
Six, four, three, oh five, six, eight, eight, eight, eight.
Oh!
WQM!
Welcome back to the smegmov and not a victorious firing thanks to the mohawada divin issue.
Hey Mo!
What kids with the Groucho hat?
Groucho hat.
Are you insane the Aiden that I'm an old Jew?
Why you?
My hair's not back from the tailor yet they're suckling.
The tailor?
Yeah I'm having it a hem.
Besides, it's hip, it's now, it's today.
Why you haven't even noticed my big baggy low-crush pants?
It's a good one.
Nice and moves too.
See that?
Scopes more room for my band.
I knew hat for the king.
Thanks to the one of sing.
Bring, bring, bring, bring.
I'm going to have me a hypnotic in the Hennessy.
Hennessy.
Hennessy.
It was a bit of Jackie Cooper.
Now my head's the man.
I got a dou-wa-tani dou-wa-didi tang clan.
And the dou-wa-go-go-my-tant.
And we we beg on a go-go-pant.
That puts my scusole through the middle of my ischka-bibble.
I got more verticals veins than mid-sink-ain-up.
Mizzle, mizzle, mizzle, grabbing on my balls.
That ain't hold.
That's what I want to die.
1245, grow out of head, girl.
You can have our permission now.
Fill across springs who evidently is in a bad mood for the holidays.
He wants the nitpick with all our mistakes, which we don't have time for all our mistakes.
He said everything's coming up.
Barosis was written by Julie Stein and Steven Sondheim for Gypsy.
But what's the song I'm thinking of?
The Steve Allen wrote that Steve Lawrence and E. Gore may sing.
I don't know.
I thought it was Eiffel Merman.
Oh, that's right.
Eiffel Merman sang everything's coming.
She shouted it.
Yeah.
She shouted it out.
So Steve Allen had nothing to do with it.
Well, excuse me Phil.
And if that isn't bad enough, when you wish upon a star's not from Peter Payne,
which we both pay, that was the steak.
It's from Pinocchio, which he's right.
He's right.
So nice going Phil and Coral Springs.
Hope you have a wonderful day.
Don't choke on a wish for him and quit that correctness.
They don't like nitpickers.
Now, speaking of correcting people, it's my turn.
Because somebody unnamed sent you this fact.
And well, here's Phil Collins against all odds.
We want to put that on her.
Is that the name of the song?
Yeah.
Well, I'll find a way to make it.
And that's the name of the movie.
I thought the song was called Take a Look at my Cow or something like that.
Take a look at my ass.
Let's see, Phil Collins against the look.
Take a look at me now.
But the name of the song is against all odds.
And in parentheses, take a look at me now.
Oh, movie title song from against all odds.
So against all odds has been a plus the other things too long.
Okay, Phil Collins, what will month be?
Step on it before it's too late.
Step on it before it makes a big comeback.
Now, somebody writes unchained melody.
Well, obviously, the think of the movie Ghost with the obnoxious Patrick Sleasy in it.
I have to break the news to you.
See, that's another classic example of what we were talking about.
Songs that were big hits.
And of course, I'm sure that they think that they hit was the righteous brothers, one of them rest in peace.
Which one died, Bill Medley?
Or Bobby Hatfield.
One of them is the Hatfield.
The Hatfield and McCoy's?
Don't be coy.
But the fact of the matter is that even that wouldn't be appropriate because guess who recorded it originally?
Al Himmler.
Oh?
Decker Records.
Al Himmler.
Oh, my love, my darling, I've hung up before your touch.
Along the tides.
Now, the fact that I found that is so scary to me that it's just enough to make me want to plot.
You know?
I can't believe it, that I found it.
Because Boca brinded put it.
And I think it was when Al Himmler died, I do believe he heard it two ago.
Because we're really big on people dying on this show.
And he put this together.
It was like a compendium of Al Himmler's greatest hits.
And I was one of them.
You can't move it.
I don't want to play anymore because it's a crappy.
He was okay in his time, 100 years ago.
You believe me?
No.
Al Himmler.
Let's see.
His big, you'll never know.
In fact, he had a bigger hit and it's not even on here.
Nice going, Boca brind.
You idiot.
Like I said, if you're going to give me Al Himmler, head's giving me the big one.
56670560, I'm so glad I stumbled out of this today.
And I've been holding it back, holding it back.
What else could we have done on a day before Thanksgiving and gotten a response like this?
You know?
I don't know.
Nothing.
I must have been one of our hate polls like who do you hate today?
That's always big in South Florida.
Somebody QIM?
Yeah, hi.
What if I can yield please?
Speaking.
Neil, the movie with Kevin Bacon was the naked shower scene was Wild Thing.
Wild Thing?
I started a couple of months ago.
You're right.
Great movie.
And it was a wild thing as a matter of fact.
A song for your poll.
Morning after from side adventure.
Good one.
Gobble Gobble.
Thanks a lot, Pallie.
The morning after.
Okay.
Doodoo the morning after that was a Marine.
Don't tell me who?
Marine MacGovard.
Oh crap.
I knew it.
And she came to George.
No.
Here's the order for you.
You made it up for the other one.
You factored to me about 75 times now.
What's in the name in Kuala-Oni?
Sicily a lot.
It says quick.
What comes to mind when you hear the word Kuala-Oni?
What comes to mind?
Mamma.
Mamma mia.
Local lawyer Anthony Dilarenzo began a signature.
And he said,
What's your drive?
Yesterday to change the...
Oh, and see, this is chopped off.
To change the name of the town.
South of Palermo made famous by the Godfather.
Books and movies.
And I'm being your blood.
It brings all over you nice time, Lisa.
Of the 70s.
He thinks an office in up in lots of cities.
Name change to protect the innocent.
But not everyone agrees.
Why would you want to change the name for Kwanau-Law?
Right.
Kind of nonsense is that.
Right, you're always on your radar.
You broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
Let's go fishing, Fred.
I won't say if you actually held my eyes.
Some people are in fact.
What was worse when he was either...
When he was hanging out with Al Pacino?
The first time?
Addica.
Addica.
Or when he was in a boat.
Fishin'.
Either way.
Same result.
He's dead now.
Who, what the hell was his name?
Oh, we knew it.
We know Fred was name.
What was it?
It's John something.
John Kazzal.
That's it?
God, I'm telling you, man.
I'm going to the track.
I'm going to the train.
I'm going to the train.
I'm going to Mohawk.
Man, oh man.
My sharp is a marble.
Some people come all the way from country such as Denmark to give me a hearse
that they can get married in a mafia town he told Roy to his by phone.
It's an hystericalness that we have to cure.
It's an honest citizen.
I can't tolerate this kind of stuff.
If this is the problem, then we have to change the name.
I'm making some of this up because it's chopped off on the right hand margin.
Corleone was made famous in the city of the world by Don Vito Corleone,
played at different ages by Marlon Brando and Robert De Niro.
Roberto De Niro.
But it's the real life birthplace of a number of top mafia bosses
whose ruthless bloodlady make the film pale and a win significance by comparison.
I think is what it says here.
Is that what you think it says?
Something like that.
Something like that.
Do you know who I am?
No.
I'm Mo Greene.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Look at Brassie's lips with the fishers.
Okay, Camda.
They include Totorino who will the mafia's supreme until his arrest in 1993
and his heir apparent, something rather Bernardo,
some greasewalkers, the name is chopped off,
who's been on the run for four decades.
He's had the runs.
I guess he's making up for that guy in India who never has a BM.
This guy's been on the run for four decades.
De Lorenzo said Corleone should be referred to its earlier name,
Quaradilion, Lionheart.
Well, that's not even Italian.
Is it C-U-O-R?
Sounds French-ish.
No, no it is.
No, it is because it's a Quaradilionie,
which is what it was, maybe it is French,
which was what it was called a long time ago.
He wants an historical commission to decide.
This is pure folly, Total Rubbish,
said Mayor Nicolo Nicolosi of Corleone,
told Reuters by a phone.
Corleone is people must take advantage of its fame to seek positive things,
such as despite against the mafia and something else.
Our notoriety can help our rebirth, he said.
Even some of the most active anti-mapid campaigners have ridiculed De Lorenzo's scheme.
Yeah, though mess with success, okay, baby?
Otherwise...
I'm going to make them an offering, Camda.
Exactly.
5'6'7'0'5'60."
I'm telling you, Man, it's in your blood.
You can't get it out.
You can't wash it out.
You can't even shout it out.
How about shout, shout, shout, knock yourself out by Ernie Morereska?
Is that on list?
No.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, is this WQAM?
Yes, it is.
Okay.
I was just trying to get ahold of Neil.
You're speaking to him.
Oh, Neil?
Oh, okay.
Yeah, we're not on screen this because we've got a new producer who sweats a lot.
He's very nice.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I mean, do you cut me off card here?
That's the idea.
That's the way we play the game here, Ernest.
We like to keep everybody on their toes off-balance a little bit, like a ballerina.
Okay.
No, you had already brought up a goal finger with Shirley Bathsy.
Right.
She actually was the one that did two songs.
I think the only person that ever did two songs for the...
James Bond.
James Bond movie.
It's right.
And I also wanted to bring up Ben Hurr and...
Well, that was pretty much it.
Ben Hurr, wasn't that with Chuck Heston?
He was some of the...
Yeah.
He heard it was...
But the theme song and any John Barry movie that, you know, Albert and Hitchcock had,
there was also fantastic.
Okay.
I'll take your word for it.
Have a great holiday, Pellie.
Okay.
You too, Neil.
Bye-bye.
He was a little bit nervous like Josh.
Never the last.
What do you say, John Barry and Albert and Hitchcock are doing it?
I think that's what he said.
How could you forget?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, we apologize again.
Forget about filling the muggays.
Yeah.
Dueling banjos from deliverance.
Oh, are we stupid or what?
Are we dumb?
Are we stupid?
Are we morons here?
Are we going to apologize?
Oh, we'll get it on you.
We got plenty of time to vote.
What?
It's already got two votes.
That captured the Yahoo mood perfectly.
In fact, that's the Beasley Family A theme song.
Hmm.
It also says, I think that Grape and Art Herman composed several great themes.
Most notably, Psycho.
I don't remember the theme for Psycho.
You know?
No, that wasn't the theme.
That was the shower scene.
Yeah, that's the only music I recall from it.
Poor Janet Lee.
She's still a freak out.
The day the Earth stood still, Cape Fear and Tasty Driver, not to mention the theme for
TV's Twilight Zone.
Well, there was Twilight Zone in the movie.
Yeah.
But that would be bad, because it was a TV show.
So it's happy Thanksgiving you and George, I know Canada and it's a different day, but
so that's right, it was a month ago.
We're way ahead of you.
Okay, here's George says, this is the best facts ever.
My favorite of all time is the love theme from the Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
There we go.
It says it was the song, my ex wife and I first dance to, now she's dead.
I wonder how she died.
Oh yeah, but there's a problem with this.
See, again, they don't get it.
And we did put, did we put stand by me on her?
I forgot, did we?
I think we did.
I don't think I have any votes.
But this is a sea of love.
Now the only problem with that is, now that was the name of the movie, right?
I don't know.
What?
I don't know.
Was there a movie?
Or was that from, maybe that was from the movie with what's his name, Al Pacino?
Maybe that was in that movie, The Scent of a Woman.
I'm trying to think, was it because I never saw it if there was, but I know what they're talking about.
There was the honey grippers that did sea of love, but that wasn't the original.
The original was Phil Phillips in the 60s.
Sure.
Let's see, sea of love.
Phil Phillips with a Twilight's 259.
Val Shannon 82 and 85 of the honey grippers.
Now let's look about, isn't any of those?
What the hell movie was that in?
I don't know.
That, that, that.
I'm thinking it was in The Scent of a Woman, but it probably wasn't.
It was probably a movie called Sea of Love.
Well, somebody will know.
What do you think?
I could look it out.
1256, the mad dog and Curtis are going to be doing it together.
You want to hear the audio from that?
That'll be 2 to 4.
The Humper at 4, and boy, we got some heavy duty stuff.
We got the Dave Wants that you at 5, because the ball game is tomorrow.
And Hank is going to say, hey, Dave, you think you're going to get canned or what's it up here?
You think you're really nervous if you wouldn't have pulled that out of your ass against the Redskins against the Girls team on Sunday?
You think you're going to pull out of your ass, Dave?
And, of course, if they get blown out tomorrow, which probably will happen.
You think your job is secure?
Those are the questions we want to hear, where Hank says to Wants that.
Hey, stuff that we got the Panthers game to Panthers and Arrangers, the Macarena pregame at 7, Game Time, 7, 30 tonight.
5, and the local of the AC is 5, 60.
The radio's on your side.
You win!
I owe my favorite Republican.
This is Matt Drudge.
And it's time for the real Scuse-Man uploading.
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers.
One to two.
Power!
The first king, the blockbuster hit pirates of the Caribbean, followed by haunted mansion.
And now, Disney Studios presents another exciting film based on a old part, right?
It's Michael Jackson's Captain.
Captain, I think we're under attack.
The fuck, I'm in now.
I'm sorry, but I think so, Johnny.
Oh, get in here.
The Hannah does.
Okay, here I come.
Oh, and that'll be right, Dan.
We have a warrant, Mr. Jackson.
You know what?
Oh, the skatepark ready.
I got the G-Hope.
The skatepark ready.
Oh, I'm so bummed.
Open the hair and break with you.
I'm sorry, officers.
I think so, and then now.
Oh, oh, oh.
And why not?
I'm standing here, making my pain.
Oh, my God.
Michael Jackson stars in Captain E.O.
by a ticket at your theater soon.
Because he's rich, so he must be better than us.
Anyway, we're all over the place with this stuff, you know what?
Yeah.
See if love was the name of the movie and Al Patino was in it.
See I'm getting confused about that.
Right.
And the problem is if we put on, if we don't put it on, we already put what you call it on.
And they're, um, stand by me.
Right.
And I think that the judges are going to probably come down on our ass.
I don't think we should put it on there because I love the original one was Phil Philips was long, long, long.
So forget about that.
Uh, Democrats promised battle on ownership.
Democratic lawmakers vowed to fight a compromise between the one house and congressional Republicans on that media ownership limit bill, calling it a backroom deal.
Senator Byron Dorgon, Democratic North Dakota, ripped Republicans for tinkering with the bill already settled on by House and Senate Comferees.
They were going to like a buck the president.
They were going to stick with a 35% cap.
He says this will audit by the entire process of appropriation conferences.
He said I intend to continue to fight the overturn of the cap.
And there you go.
So they're going to like work on it and then they'll be outnumbered and they'll push it up to 39% and buy a combo.
Continue like with area and end, et cetera.
Now Bridgetta River quiet.
What's the name of that song?
That was my name of the song.
I.
What's the name of the song from the bridge on the river quiet was number one for 27 weeks on your hit parade according to this.
Obi-Wan Kenobi facts then I could whistle it for you, but I don't know the name.
Yeah whistle it.
I don't know what that's called.
It's definitely not the I don't know what it is.
It's not called bridge over the river quiet.
No.
Dale from Palmeiro bases there was a movie called Unchained Starring Crazy Legs Hirsch released in 1955.
Unchained Melody was the theme from this movie.
Ah!
I guess we better put on chain melody on there.
I.
OK.
Because obviously 55 was the original by Al Hibber on deck of records that I played only moments ago.
And if you think I'm playing it again, you're nuts.
Let's see.
It says Ray the Banjo boy from deliverance.
I thought you might be interested in this story from the New Yorker to remember 17 issue.
Also an interesting article on Wesley Clark at his commission with a Steve and Viral Beach.
Thank Steve.
Evergreen holiday.
Where's the article?
You never said it.
Oh, here we go.
Thank you Phil.
No, Phil.
You're a lot sharper than we are.
OK.
You're sharp as a tack and sharp as a goddamn bowling ball.
Steve Allen, this could be the star something big.
Now, everything's coming up roses.
Isn't that the same?
Is this could be the star something but pretty close.
I was confused those two songs.
So excuse me, but he did write that and then Stephen Edie.
I'll record it.
Remember Stephen Edie?
Oh.
By the way, never tell you the Steve Lawrence's brother was the elevator operator.
The track.
You might have mentioned it.
Oh, man.
I'm telling you, man.
Nothing like getting old.
Trust me.
I know all about it.
Is this the article about the banjo boy?
I sent it.
Oh, here it is.
I got it.
Billy Redness, synonymous with the singular type of movie role, the banjo boy.
He definitely is kind of the beastlies.
Make no mistake about that.
So you got to start the 1972 film deliverance, which followed four urbanites on a canoe trip through
rural Georgia as they were trying to get to entry up the Kahulawasi River.
After a bit of exposition, the film really begins at Backwood's gas station where Redness
Lonnie sits with a banjo on a port swing, arrestingly still his pale, flat eyes and stony face.
Those of a fledgling buzzard.
On a casting call at the local Clayton Elementary School, the filmmaker's had chosen Redness
for his insular look.
Ned Beatys character Bobby glances at Looney Lonnie.
It should have been Looney.
Ed Lonnie and murmurs, talk about genetic deficiencies, isn't that pitiful?
Tiana, remember that?
Do you remember that line?
No.
I don't either.
But when Drew played by Ronnie Kochstrom's accord in his guitar, Lonnie answers it and soon
the two are locked in a gleeful, calling response to the bluegrass hit, dueling banjos.
God damn, you play a mean banjo, Drew Shows.
Go into Shake Lonnie's hand where Prada Boy turns away.
Redness, scene-steaming and scutability for shadows, the events to come, including Drew's death,
and notoriously Bobby's being forced to squeal.
Squeal like a pig.
That's good stuff.
Thank you, Duiverfax.
That's interesting crap, you know what?
Show no.
There's more.
Yeah, kind of four shadows and pretty heavy duty crap.
Right.
Don't get so about it, Ned.
Too late.
Maybe that's why he called on Asa and poor Howard Beel in the other movie.
I'll tell you right now, never's the most important movie of our lives.
You don't know it, even you punks out there, especially any of you people who saw it don't know it, but it is.
WDQA and Hull.
Nobody there in line, too.
See I just babbled and babbled and they just don't hang on.
Too bad.
WDQA and Hull.
Yeah, Colonel Bogey's March is the next one.
Thank you so much.
That's it.
Thank you, Bill.
Thanks.
Have a YouTube.
The Colonel Bogey March.
Don't Bogey that joint now.
Colonel.
See what a comfy Bogey is, I don't even Bogey in that.
Colonel Bogey March.
Da da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da!
See Punks don't know from that song, because nobody would see the Ri-Ri-Ri.
And this is my interlocked, pseudo-inlectual movie review book.
They ripped a hell out of that movie.
Richon number, required.
This is a good movie.
It's a tons of good songs.
It's that with OB1.
Well, I'm just telling you, they ripped a hell out of it, whether you like it or not, I'm just passing it along.
I don't agree with them.
I thought it was, in fact, it's listed as one of the 100 movies of all times.
In those polls, you know, by the experts, the so-called experts.
Here's the way to pull is going so far.
What is the all-time best song from a movie?
And the reason I'm doing this is because last Tuesday,
the American Film Institute,
looks at a hundred years of movie music.
And they put out there, they're actually not putting it up.
What is it coming out?
Oh, they did put it out.
And I can't, oh, I see, they're vying.
They put out the contenders, but they haven't had the voting yet.
They're gonna, it's gonna be sometime next year.
June, oh, June, we've got a long time to wait.
We chose songs that filmmakers used to help tell their stories
at Bob Gazelle, no relation to John Gazelle,
director of AFI Productions,
which we'll put on a broadcast in June next year,
where the top hundred songs will be unveiled.
That should take a long time,
unless they go to like three or four notes from each one.
So I'm wearing over to Dan,
and like that.
Yeah, like that.
Okay, what do we got going on to pull now?
So over to Rainbows, that's still in the lead.
Boy, they've been there right from the start,
and it is just refusing to relinquish the lead.
Somewhere over to Rainbow, 49,
just like a front runner driven by Kevin Wallace at Pompey Park.
Doesn't want to give up that lead.
The Godfather, Il Padrino, 45,
right on Judy Garland's ass,
staying alive, 32, as time goes by,
it's God.
God third, man.
Kyle's mom is a big fat bitch, God 27.
White Christmas, 26, I haven't played that yet.
Mrs. Robinson, 20, Star Wars, the 18.
How does that go?
I had the Tigers 17.
They're good to bat, and the Eugly is tied with 110 soldier 13.
Oh, 110 soldier.
I just want to get down.
What was the song that I was talking about before
by the not Tony Orlando and Dawn?
Who was it?
My curb congregation.
What was this song?
Oh, boy, do I hate the my curb congregation?
But you hate a lot.
Yeah, I do.
I've been around a long time.
I've learned to hate a lot of stuff.
Don't hate.
Don't play a hate.
Yeah, I do.
The way we were is God 11.
I hate that.
And I hate Barbara Streisand.
Gonna fly an out of Rocky's God 10.
I hate that and I hate the slides alone.
I do like Shady, Shady Attire.
Everybody's talking, Nilson 9, Midnight Cowboy.
I was trying to ask the guy to call before,
if they were like, if that dialogue was within
on the Greyhound bus when we were headed for Miami,
although Dustin didn't make it.
What that was his name in that movie?
I don't know.
It was like 10 years old.
Oh, come on.
And Dustin Hoffman's character in a movie, Midnight Cowboy.
Tootsie.
Now, come on.
Jesus.
I don't know.
I was watching Marathon then last night though.
Oh, brother.
Does he still run?
Yeah, he is.
He's just so much fun.
He's like the Energizer Bunny, man.
He just keeps running and running.
I guess I got to look up in this nasty book of mine.
Meet the freebies.
Ooh, they're, oh, the feebles.
Febies.
I thought I said meet the freebies.
I thought it was about South Florida.
What am I looking for?
Midnight Cowboy.
Can't even remember the name of the day in movie I'm looking for.
Here's Miami Blues.
A midnight clear.
Midnight Cowboy.
Let's see.
What the hell am I looking for?
Why am I looking for Midnight Cowboy?
I forgot.
I thought it was a bad idea from the beginning.
No, I'm looking for the name of the,
the name of the Ratso.
I didn't even find it.
Okay.
I didn't find it.
I'm being honest.
I didn't even listen to it here.
Ratso Rizzo.
Wasn't that his name?
Yes, that's how I'm here.
Not in here.
But that was his name.
Just came to me.
Nice going, Neil.
Oh, good.
You feeble might at old fart.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon, while mine.
See?
See what I mean?
See all of you when you get old,
your brain will like say, okay,
you reach capacities and it's like when your heart
drives full.
And there's no room left at the end.
And then you're deep tourists.
Let me do QA and hello.
Yeah, I got a song for Neil.
Go ahead.
One one stock clogged his business.
Young.
How can we leave that out?
That's classic.
Hi, every great holiday, man.
Thanks.
One stock, right?
CSNY.
We're the without the why.
We don't need Neil young.
You know,
the other day always drag him along.
He needs to get paid too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got an impressive list here so far.
Did I actually ever finish reading this
or did I interrupt myself?
No, you interrupted yourself.
That's right.
Oh, where the hell was I?
Who cares?
Yeah, it's just killed some time.
Suicide is pain.
Oh, Shaft has got nine.
That's where I left off at 10 because I said I hate Rocky.
Suicide is painless.
The theme for Mash 9, old time rock and roll 9,
moon river 9, breakfast activities,
the red Audrey Hepburn, she's still dead.
Everybody's talking.
That's where I left off with Nilson 9.
Live and let die.
6.
That was good.
I like that.
Good movie.
Good song.
I don't want to miss the thing.
5 got one more vote for Eros Smith there.
Probably his daughter.
What else is your name, Bonnie Tyler?
Right.
Don't you forget about me?
5.
Stand by me.
He's got 4.
Arthur's team's got 4.
See, and you poo poo dead man.
Arthur's team.
He's the best song ever.
Yeah.
Well, it's Chris Cross.
He sucks a lot.
Glorfinger 3 when you wish upon a star.
3 from Pinocchio.
How about some from song song of the South?
Right.
Zippity, Zippity, Zippity, Zippity, Zippity, Zippity, Zippity,
and if you want to go out and rent song of the South,
you can't.
Although, so that's a lot of people.
Some people have a pirate copy.
Some people have a pirate copy, which for the right price
George will loan you.
113 at 560 WQM, if you want a really fantastic meal.
Vickon herbs, you want something fast, something fresh,
something really delicious, something with some taste to it.
You know, when you go to a fast food joint,
everything tastes like crap.
It's all pre-famircated.
The meat in some of those places tastes like tires,
and everything generally is the same crap.
That's why Vickon herbs is so popular in Rochester,
maybe in around since 1934.
And the good news for South Americans is that it's right
in Fort Lauderdale now.
You'll find Vickon herbs on Federal Highway,
just south of Barbara, Bolvard, and the tunnel,
on the east side.
Vickon herbs is like the old days, man.
Not pre-fab, fast food, garbage,
but everything cooked fresh to order right in front of your
posts.
Go and enjoy a really great burger, hot dogs,
or hot fresh and fast.
And the good news for you is that they use the best
ingredients because Vickon herbs is brought to you
in Fort Lauderdale by the same guys who feed you
cheaper, or cheaper, or those big fat ones.
And Vickon herbs uses the same fresh, 100% ground-shock meat
as cheaper, or cheaper.
And speaking of a big fat one, they offer you an incredible
big gigantic quarter pound hot dog that'll do a dance
in your tonsils.
And speaking of that, the reason that Vickon herbs stands
above the rest is that signature meat sauce that they've
been making for years, which they've
less ladle on to all other good stuff, like nothing you've
ever had before in your life.
They got a great breakfast menu too.
Omelette's cooked to order French toast pancakes,
order favorite side dishes.
So whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner,
whenever you're in a mood for something really fast
and delicious, this is the place.
Vickon herbs on Federal Highway, just south of
our borough right on the tunnel on the east side.
If you're from the Rochester area, by the way,
it's the same great stuff that you
love for years and years right in Fort Lauderdale now.
Vickon herbs tell me that old meals sent you by.
Like I said, tell me that old meals.
We're sports radio five six months.
Think about it as you am.
Deliciously different, narrow, one of deliciously different,
narrow, one of right.
Yeah.
Don't look at me.
I didn't put that in there.
Wow.
I see the Lego wise Christian about the Jews and gay
homo.
I'd love to bury those tribes killing fairies who don't know
the Bible like I know.
I see them like a wise Christian.
And how we all must think and act alike and not to think
whenever it's appropriate.
Yes, wouldn't it be wonderful if everybody in the world
was white and Christian and looked the same and said
the same things?
Boring, I don't think so.
No, to me, that would be paradise and Republican way.
I see them like a wise Christian and how we all must
think alike.
All the games black and white must die.
Oh, I think to everybody's Christian and what?
I didn't realize there was a second page of the banjo boy story which came in
like a little bit of lead.
I thought they came in here.
There's more to it.
So it talks about these guys from the movie they were filming their big fish.
Is that it?
Huh?
It's eventually two big fish crew members drove through northeast
Georgia one Sunday asking is anybody know where the banjo boy lives?
They finally found him in Diller, Diller, Georgia,
Redden who's now 47 works 10 hours a day as a cook and dishwasher thinner by
cookie jar cafe.
He was hesitant first about taking time off to appear in another film for
one thing.
He had always regretted being the poster boy for deliverance's Gothic view of
rural America for another he hadn't enjoyed working with film star Bert Reynolds.
Bert didn't want to say nothing to nobody.
Redden says now he wasn't polite and he made us look real bad.
He said on television that all people in Raven County do his watch cars and go buy
and spit.
Hey watch cars go buy and spit.
I like that.
And it goes on about his banjo and how about a mama had a cell the banjo because
she was desperate needed money to pay for the bills.
Daddy died when he was a baby.
That's kind of interesting crap.
Anyway, let's see take my breath away from by Berlin from top gun got that take my
breath away got it.
Okay.
Now in a dean who's a good friend at least was 100 years ago Johnny Depp writes and says
I've been out of town very busy needed to tell you that women do listen to your
show even though some can be intimidated by you I wonder why knowing you and being a
big fan since 77 the garlic festival.
The garlic festival in Tom Denny Bird thanks a lot of time I still have pneumonia
from that you idiot.
She says I put you on top of my list Neil Rogers Johnny Depp tumbling in
reeky glazes and Tom Brady I think I got the same parts they just don't look
quite the same.
Can't wait to see Harvey as Mrs. Santa the Macy's Day parade while I was
attending.
PS World Sexiest Man Live Johnny Depp parade they finally woke up my daughter Julie
who wrote with Johnny in Miramar upon my request wrote to him I'll keep you updated
if I have any response have a great holiday Nadine and if Julie does get a response
let us know if there's like a stain on the letter like on the envelope maybe.
I remember years ago at least to put those the widely sealed the wax ceiling wax.
Sealing wax right the red ceiling wax made it kosher maybe there be something like
that after a few wax.
How about Mona Lisa from the Mona Lisa movie performed by the great and late and
dead Nat King Cole.
Okay.
Mona Lisa well he had such a wonderful voice you know.
I like butter that's right now how about Natalie Cole she ain't no bad chasing
she have what song she got from some movie.
I don't know.
And what about Diana Ross from a Hogony right.
Right right right from a Hogony.
I'll put it down.
How come we don't have that on there we're slow.
Well there's this there's only about how many thousand about 30 thousand of
these so that's why this is a great poll.
There's an endless list I could have gone see I wasn't really going to even do this
today and I'm sure show glad I did.
Let's see.
Mahogany Diana Ross.
Where the hell is it?
I don't even see it.
Where are you looking?
Here it is.
Team from a Hogony do you know where you're going to?
Yes I do.
From the movie and Mahogany starring Ross number one adult contemporary hit for one week.
11.22.75 and on the billboard top 40 it reached number one.
That's back before she became a man.
And before she became so obnoxious and at least the light Diana Ross once upon a
time that's not one of those people sure like Tom Cruise pretty like the lot stick to the
music honey and could be in a crazy bitch and could be a belly ache and about this and
about that and about how they want to check your boobies at the airport in London.
Always got a problem that bitch.
5.6.7.560.560.560 on the 18.3.
See most of the female celebrities that I like I can't speak for anybody else.
Most of them are dead you know like Elizabeth Montgomery.
She's dead right.
And most of the ones around the day like you know Roseanne and Roseanne Rosio Donald and Barbara Streisand.
Oh geez you know those aren't today what celebrities.
I'm talking about the ones that are still alive.
How okay I'll give you another one how about LMD Generate.
Do you like her?
No.
Oh my god.
I don't know which direction you're looking there's lots of beautiful wonderful female celebrities.
I'm not talking about what they look like.
I'm talking about okay name me a great female celebrity.
How about what's in him Julia Roberts.
Now I like Julia Roberts.
But a lot of people hate her like poison for some reason.
I don't know why.
She's fine.
Maybe they're jealous.
Maybe they know that that Eric Roberts is your brother.
I don't like him.
That's Charlize Theron.
Oh man I don't like him.
You know who I'm talking about Eric Roberts?
Yeah he's a movie killer.
It just bugs me there's something about him.
He looks like he's been sleeping with some guy.
Here's your friend Puerto Rican around PR Rapses.
First of all have a great steak the on Thursday.
But how about putting on the rich from young Frankenstein?
Well they performed the movie.
I mean they performed that song in the movie.
That's a little ancient song.
Here's one that says I like to dominate Laura's theme by Michael Jari from Dr.
Javago Laura's theme.
That's definitely got to be on it right.
How does that go?
I don't know.
I don't know how I remember how it goes but I do remember the song Laura's
theme from Dr. Javago was big was huge.
It was humongous man was gigantic.
Okay I remember how many weeks on the top eight.
He list.
I remember Bohemian boatman.
I just remember how it goes.
Somebody will call in whistle lit hum it.
Do something.
26 after one at five sixty WM happy Thanksgiving.
There's just like I said before we're just all alone.
Is there anybody in the building except the three of us?
No at Julio.
And Julio.
I thought you said Julio was gone.
Oh yeah but he sent his love.
Have a great holiday Julio.
Love you baby.
Good man.
One of few good guys that ever walked through them doors.
That's why they screwed him over fired his ass.
He said he's out he's working for Univision in Phoenix, Arizona.
And boy to those beaners talk funny he says.
All right.
Good for you man.
Good for you congratulations for getting out of that toilet.
Getting away from especially Bob Vermuth and George Corso and all the other
other goi man engineering.
Nice going to.
He says all the spicks are brown in Phoenix.
And we wrote your name on the alley walls there just to make sure that people know you were here.
Big news.
How the party at GMC is now auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest.
Our good close personal buddy Tom Laman and thanks a lot for all the memories by the way Tom.
Good man.
I sold the dealership to Lombardo Perez of auto city bureau of Ponte at GMC of Homestead.
And you can expect all the same great service and deals because the general sales manager has been there about a hundred years Joe
Prieto.
He's still there to not going to mess with him.
Stop by auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest for great needle Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock.
Right as I speak and right now you can take advantage of 0% financing for up to 72 months or save up to $9,000.
9 grand with rebates and incentives right now at auto city party at GMC.
And the neody else are still going on.
It's at one thirty four one stop.
Fixie highway that's in great location that's US one across from the fall shopping center open every day seven days a week.
If you want more info on our special neody else, all you do is call the neody else.
Neody else.
See they still mention my name a whole bunch of time.
And the spots of things must be okay.
The neody else hotline it's toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven.
See Wayne didn't buy this card.
Do you ship like that other remember that that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven.
Don't forget all offers are subject credit approval.
See our friends at auto city party at GMC for details.
The brand new and exciting used to be hell at Pontiac, but now it's auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest low prices without the high pressure.
See my love.
This is 420.
Q.A.M.
But I have a heart or a liver coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
It's the question that is black the music industry for years.
Just how did Hanson happen?
That was one of my better ones.
In his first ever television interview Satan tells inside the behind about the gaping mob hell that made room for the Hanson brothers.
Oh, it was perfect.
We had door of white brothers growing up in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Little knowing that they were part of my grand design to inflict pain on the entire world.
Taylor, Isaac and Zach Hanson were raised by loving parents who encouraged their ability to play music.
Yes, yes.
Teach them well, mistrown Mrs. Hanson.
The brothers played hundreds of local venues until at a record industry mixer they were discovered by a Hollywood record producer.
Of course it was me.
I love coming to work in the form of a Hollywood record producer.
And I knew that those Hanson boys would out to be the might earlier triumph.
Debbie gives that.
And then in 1997, Bob reached number one in every corner of the globe.
And you went mad, you puny, you once didn't you?
So it was glorious to watch here.
Listen again, again.
Whoa!
How you like me now?
Satan's only regret is that Hanson vanished from the radar screen after only one hit.
Oh, I would have loved to have kept them around, but it was part of a deal I made with God.
I get to one beach, one brain numbing piece of crap every year.
And he keeps you two going.
Still...
Fuckers!
Hanson.
Oh hell.
It's a big juicy sobbing wet look at show business tonight, on Inside the Behind.
133 at 560 W. Curem.
Here's one it says, and I guess this could be on there.
Theme from the Valley of the Dolls.
Sung by Deon Work with Sharon Tate.
How Sharon doing these days?
Oh, we'll see her no more.
I'll tell you one thing about speaking of Sharon Tate.
If anybody is against the death penalty, here's the best living ad for the death penalty is Charlie Manson.
Sure.
And speaking of that, the judge now says that he may actually let John Hinkley go and do those weekend visits at home unsupervised.
Yeah.
Is that unbelievable?
Yeah.
Man, oh man, Zion America baby, it's all I can tell you.
5607 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T.
You got that on there, our Valley of the Dolls.
Is that the name of it?
Theme from the Valley of the Dolls.
Is that the name of the... oh, see it says theme.
Ooh, yeah, that's the name of it.
I always thought I could remember how Laura's theme goes from Dr. Javago because it was very, very big.
Was it like Mitch Miller or Ray Conniff?
Ray Conniff.
Or wait a minute, wasn't it somewhere in my love?
That's it.
Somewhere in my love.
Yeah.
No more bars.
I think it's somewhere in my love.
Laura's theme is like another name for it.
Somewhere in my love.
Oh, sure, everywhere.
Everybody knows that.
Well, I'm telling you, my mind is sharp today.
I gotta go to the track.
I gotta go play the lottery.
I gotta go do it.
Go play with it.
56650560.
Line 9 is ringing, I was just always excited.
But there's nobody on it.
Damn it.
I'm actually that was the big one.
WDQIM.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
Great.
Good, just a couple quick things.
First, you want to song for the movie?
Right.
Roll for today?
Uh-huh.
Okay, this one goes back to 1970.
Elton John, friends.
Oh.
Nice piece of music.
We used to play it on Al-Radi years ago.
It was okay.
Yeah, it was all right.
Well, syrupy was all right.
Well, it was not very long.
It was only about two and a half minutes.
Thank God.
Yeah.
The other thing was, I didn't get a chance to hear what was the result of the poll last night.
Of our poll?
Yeah, was it Wesley Clark that he went?
No, Howard Dean won by about the 4050 votes.
They were, they were a million miles ahead of everybody.
22% said Bush was unbeatable, which is depressing, but you know, we press on.
Well, it's scary enough with that, uh, that rape, uh, build a task in the house yesterday.
Yeah.
I was in public and, uh, this one girl comes up to me and she says, you look a little, uh, dismayed with the man.
I said, I just heard some bad crap on the radio.
She says, well, what about?
I said, uh, well, do you read the paper?
You know what's going on in the Senate in the house today with, uh, the Medicare?
Oh, yeah, right.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, you'll love the response.
I don't know if it's too few-conducing to tell you, but I guess I will.
She says, well, I don't vote.
I let other people decide that.
For me, and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm.
Yes, sir.
Uh, a couple of weeks ago, and this should probably help put a lot of things in a perspective.
I despised that show and Alistair Beck is Canadian, but go ahead.
A?
Yeah, I know what you mean.
But, uh, just, just take it into account.
Let's, let's look at percentages between zero and 100 and either being the correct answer.
For third man, probably less, but what is the percentage of Americans figure on the ages of average 22 to 25 and up that have one four year degree?
Ten.
Just one year was a great ten.
You're way high four.
You're still high two three and a half less than three and a half.
Wow.
And if you go for a master's degree, now you're looking at less than one percent.
Hmm.
Just look around.
Yeah.
That's it, baby.
I hear them sounds, they're, they're drifting all the way up here, but move, move, move, move, like that.
I have a great holiday, man.
Toronto's a great place.
I used to visit it often from 65 on up till a couple of years ago.
I love it like you wouldn't believe it.
Just great.
Civilized, that's the word.
Keep that word in mind, man.
Civilized.
Get it down to Britain.
No.
No.
You know, I have more is it?
Young and bluer.
No, I know where young and bluer is, but what is the place?
Britain is.
It's the best bookstore in Toronto.
How about the world's largest bookstore on Edward Street downtown?
Yeah, I've been there too, but Britain was wild.
My aunt used to work there before she died.
It was a great store.
A lot of great stuff in there.
I'll go up through this afternoon.
Have a great one.
See you, pal.
Bye.
Thanks, Pally.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
You know one of the reasons that I like, I mean, plus the fact that I'm here, but one of the reasons I like this studio so much better is it.
Because it's a little smaller and so compact, I can go online here, which you'll notice.
I have much, much more information like if anything happens, forget about the TV because the TV a lot of times is the CNN is slow and MSNBC.
But you can go online and sit right here as opposed to where you're sitting right there.
You see how on wheelie that whole thing?
I have to put the keyboard over here on my phone.
And you got the keyboard on a copy file there.
It's a piece of crap.
You know it's exactly what you'd expect from George Corso.
But Holy-O help to build this studio.
And of course our good friends up here in Toronto.
Let's see, I was going to fast earlier to nominate Waltzing Matilda from movie on the beach with Gregory Peck.
I've been the lady called with everybody's talking and that's my vote.
Waltzing Matilda, boy that's 100 years old.
On the beach with Gregory Peck, I don't remember that.
How come you came from that movie? It's an old Australian folk song.
Yes, they did play the song when Ratsow and Joe Buck run to Buster, Florida.
They also played with the opening credits.
Everybody's talking, by me.
Yeah. Run our way to Miami and like Ed Bankrock said, we all go to Florida to die.
To bat you're a goldfarb never made it and neither did Harry.
No.
I don't think.
No.
But what's your name?
She'll come and see you.
What's your name?
Marion.
Marion, very good Marion.
That movie is so good.
It was not again the other night on IFC and I couldn't turn it off.
I watched the last hour and a half of it again.
Requiem for a dream.
And that beener you got there, Miguel, pertained to be a Cubanist guy like, he's from Mexico.
He must be.
No, I'm serious, but anybody would say, what was his comment?
He didn't get it.
He didn't see what the big deal was.
He's not to get it was the hardest.
He's just.
God Almighty, the movie is just phenomenal.
And the acting is so good, it's scary.
Everybody.
Every single one in the movie, even from Damon May the Owens.
We didn't think he could be a dramatic actor.
He was good.
Hey Jim.
See, I guess I learned something about that.
Now listen.
So you didn't know the answer either.
I guess that's what they all call.
All they, uh, everybody.
Is Jim.
I was there.
I was there.
Yeah.
Yeah, Jim.
Oh man.
Oh yeah.
I went in when he just before he dragged his white ass to the hospital there.
And you could tell there were 600 miles.
So you figure out what the hell is halfway between New York and Florida.
And you've got to know it was like in a Carolina.
Nothing could be better than hospital in Carolina in the moment.
Another thing.
The thing that was so amusing to me was the fact that the doctor,
even though he had that very short cameo, the doctor that looked at his arm
and then made sure he took all the evils and stuff.
That's the guy from happiness.
Right.
That was the pedophile from happiness was the doctor and record for a dream.
Anyway, it goes on to say Hoffman's name in the movie was Enrico Rizzo.
Enrico.
He liked being called Rico when Joe Buckford the, uh, uh, uh,
what skinny ass dyke in the restaurant scene called him Ranzo.
He started calling him that.
The song is performed by Nelson, but written by Fred Neal.
Was that kind of.
Oh god.
He was born in St. Petersburg.
Limlin coke on a grove for a long time and died of cancer in 2001 in Somalyn Key.
It was a great songwriter.
He also wrote.
The other side to this life and the dolphins.
Thanks a lot, Jerry.
But eight of springs are one of our top five factions of all time.
He's good.
How about the theme from Gone with the Wind?
I think it's called Paris theme.
Uh, I thought Paris theme was somewhere my love.
The theme from Gone with the Wind.
Oh, no, we're scraping now.
Uh, and climb every mountain.
It'll bite or the song from South of music.
Huh?
Or smile from an old Samplin film.
What do you say?
No, no, I say no.
Climb every mountain.
How about Laristing and Paris theme and terraced theme?
Terrorist theme?
See now they're playing on another playing with our minds.
They're getting this confused.
Oh, can't stand it.
19 till 2 at 5.60 WTQAM.
And I have a feeling that it's 5147.
Somewhere over the rainbow is hanging on, which got to be, I mean, old parts like me voting for that.
51 votes, but the Godfather is right on their ass.
Three of this will do it.
47 votes.
Let's put them over the top, what do you say?
Sure.
Or something bad might happen, you know what I mean?
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
Brandy shoes are still going strong.
Better than ever.
They've been in town for over 25 years.
In fact, this year, 2003, this is their 25th anniversary of doing people right.
Well, on their feet.
And that's why Brandy is still around while the others are coming gone.
They got all the top names in the shoe bitters.
You got love them and they got them.
Rock ports, echoes, Mephisto, Timberland Clarks, SAS, Floreshime, all the top names, and all the sizes too.
They got men's size of 6 to 15, women's five to 12, and women's width from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
Don't forget when you get all of your feet get wider, too, don't they?
Yeah, they do.
In fact, I'm looking down right now.
It's like the old platinum, platinum a push.
And they got people that give you a friendly personal service too.
That's why people have shopping at Brandy's because they make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
Brandy shoes, you'll find them in that same great spot, 1290 North Federal Highway and poverty.
Open Monday through Saturday, 9 till 9, Sunday, 10 to 5, and as part of their 25th anniversary celebration,
this week even better than normal, great savings on men's and women's SAS shoes.
Going on right now all this week, or if you want more info on their sale this week and every week, just check out their website.
Brandy's shoes, that's with 2S's Brandy's shoes.com.
Live and local, here's Sports Radio 560, she'll ain't you a-m.
Our phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the heir apparent, her son, Prince Charles.
Hello.
Hello, Charles.
Yeah.
It's-it's Mom.
Eh, Mom.
What are you calling for again, Mom?
I'm worried about your Charles.
Mom, you can't keep calling me every day.
I'm-I'm very worried you call me like 10 times a day, Mom.
I-I've been handed the newspaper here.
A daily mirror?
Yes.
I don't read such rubbish.
Well, did you happen to see the front page?
I didn't see it, Mom.
I don't read such rubbish, I've told you.
It says, is Charles bisexual.
What is it, what?
It's true, Charles.
What was it, Mom?
It's Charles bisexual.
What's it mean by that, Mom?
It means you like the lassies and the lads.
I don't like the lads, Mom.
Don't cry, Mom.
It's true, isn't it?
Please don't cry, Mom.
It's true.
It's not true.
It's not true.
I knew I should have thought someone wrong
when I caught you listening to Clay Ink.
I like him, Mom.
He's a good singer.
I mean, that's all there is to it.
And all those Barbara Strays and movies and Nick and Lexi now.
I love doing it, Mom.
That doesn't make me a boy.
How's Harry?
Harry's fine.
Willis?
Watching him shower right now.
Where are you crying, Mom?
It's true, isn't it?
What?
It's true.
It's not true.
You're my sex, you want?
I am not bisexual.
I don't have any sex.
The woman I'm dating, Mom, looks like a horse.
I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all.
You know that.
Is that why you go for the men?
I don't go for the men, Mom.
So it's not true.
I'm going to be the king of England.
Yes, that's what I'm worried about.
Oh, are you worried, Mom?
You'll be the king and the queen.
I can't continue this conversation any longer, Mom.
All right.
My date's here.
Your date?
The committer?
Come on in, Ernie.
Who is that?
Just a friend.
Is that committer?
It's Ernie.
Ernie, who's Ernie?
It's my friend Ernie.
Who is Ernie?
We play football together, Mom.
You don't play football.
We play games together, Mom.
I've got to go and have them.
Stop crying.
Stop crying.
149 had 560 W here.
And when I like that little thing on the end of that, too.
Too bad we didn't have a trip here.
At the W.I.O.D.
delicious marijuana thing.
Yeah, that's a bad thing.
Anyway, Tarris theme.
That has to be on there because that is the theme from Gone With The Wind.
We had Laris theme and then Tarris theme.
And I thought, what is this?
You know, they hit me from both sides.
A blind sign.
Of course, that's big.
That's the theme from Gone With The Wind.
I see faith.
Don't remember that?
Sure.
Tarris theme.
Tarris.
Get with it.
And also, this is a good one.
Michelle A. Grant and the Summer Nose team from Summer of 42.
Hermi was a little squirmy with Jennifer O'Neill.
Wasn't Jennifer O'Neill in that movie?
I guess.
And wasn't she also in the reincarnation of Proud Peter with Michael Sarasin?
Peter Proud?
Yes.
That's a good movie.
That's a really, yeah, you wouldn't like it.
I saw it.
I liked it. Yeah.
What's not to like?
Right.
I know how it ends.
I liked the mother.
Oh, boy.
She was a real piece of work.
She was a real...
If you look up bitch in the dictionary, her picture is next to it.
She's a nasty bitch.
Oh, my mom says.
Summer of 42, it's called The Summer Nose.
It's gonna be the song.
Summer Nose.
Okay.
Summer of the Rainbow, the best all-time song from movie 51.
Godfather, Il Pavirino 49, it's getting tight.
Stay in the live 33.
Come on, Morris.
Don't go to Mount Sinai, please.
Kyle's mom is a big fat bitch, 32.
As time goes by, it's God.
About 30, man.
White Christmas 26, Mrs. Robinson.
I thought the movie was highly overrated by the way.
24, Star Wars Team 21, I have the Tiger 19 to fit about in the Uly 16.
I'll only do double digits.
110 soldiers got 13.
I'm gonna do a lot of mountain...
Ah!
Wait, we were 12.
Old time Rock and Roll 12.
Suicide is painless from Mash 10.
Shaft 10.
Moon River's got 10.
Everybody's talking 10.
And gonna fly now from Rocky.
He's got 10.
Nobody's Q.A.M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Thanksgiving, a day early that you enjoy.
And back to you.
I'm gonna throw a couple out here for you.
Okay.
Frankie Lane, a thing from Blazing Saddles.
Okay.
BJ Thomas, rain drops keep falling on my head.
I think we got that, but did we put that on our Georgia yacht?
We did.
Deon Warwick, the thing from Alfie.
Oh, what's it all about?
Yeah.
Okay.
And Andy Williams, days of wine and roses.
The days of swallowing, that's gotta be honest.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
All right, have a good one.
You too.
Yeah, in fact, they had a biography, Andy Williams, a couple of nights ago.
You wonder why I like about Andy Williams the most?
I give up.
Is that we don't see him anymore?
Oh, I mean, he was good in that very old-fashioned way.
He had a good voice and, you know, he didn't ever store freight training.
And bother anybody.
I mean, if you don't like the osmins, you can hold out against him or Pat Boone.
You can hold out against him too.
But he's okay, Andy Williams.
Is there somebody we all like, right?
There we go.
No, like I said, after his career was pretty much done, he went back in the woodwork.
He's got his golf tournament going.
He does his Christmas special, at least he did for 100 years.
And that's it.
Days of swallowing and roses, man.
Get that on there right now.
You got it.
You got it?
Got it.
You got friends?
You got what's it all about, Alfie?
And what the hell time is Deon's psychic hotline coming on?
My, and look all this is for three or five sixty-four.
You ain't too way, yeah.
This.
From the twisted minds who brought you Halloween, comes an entirely new dimension in horror.
Don't look in the oven.
Or you'll experience the stock-naked terror that is.
Thanks, giving.
A family just like yours.
It's a bird that was once alive.
More stuffing kind of.
And they eat until they feel like they're going to explode.
But it doesn't stop there.
Uncle Luther.
No, it's time to entertain the inlaw.
Is that fish I smell or the dog?
I'm allergic enough.
And you'll think they're never going to leave.
So, where do I put these suitcases?
And just when you thought you could have skipped by watching TV,
you discover there is no way out.
Now game number two of our holiday NFL quadruple header.
Thanks, giving.
The annual terror is back.
Was that a good lamb?
Oh.
So playing in the dining room near you.
157 at five sixty-one fifty-eight.
Look at that.
Chris Stevenson see I think they give us like a blind switch here.
A bait and switch.
No, it was.
Because it's had mandage and mad dogs not working today.
He's on his way to Dallas probably with a moment.
Absolutely.
Can you imagine the trips that they have together when they have to travel on the plane?
No, thanks.
Oh, man.
Probably a mole was made to sit in cargo.
Anyway, I'm all right.
You made his escape from Caddy's jacket.
Says the ultimate sportswear company.
Thanks, Johnny Ford Lauderdale.
Kenny Lugins.
I'm all right.
Got it.
And Tom says which goes to show that we're not the only one who make bad mistakes.
Just to be accurate, the song Woodstock was performed in the movie by Joni Mitchell,
not Crosby Stills' National Old Young.
How do you like that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, everybody wants to get it right.
You're just staring at me.
You're just trying to fake your way through the four hours.
Just schlock at the point.
That's what I'm doing, too.
Speaking of that, well, let's take a look at the totals there.
The peach's totals.
And don't forget, this is the time of the year now.
Tomorrow's the busiest shopping day.
I mean, the day after tomorrow of the year.
So let's get that best in the old merchandise.
Go and make a great holiday gift for Christmas, T'Nuka, the Howard David Keychains,
the Moa, and our best in the old 2002, 2003 CDs for a great cause of bad and perrescue.
Let's get with it.
Just go online and click it on and cut loose with some cash.
The all-time best song from a movie, somewhere over the rainbow's got 53.
The Godfather's got 50.
It is so tight could barely slip a curly hair in between them.
Kyle's mom is a big fat bitch.
35.
Staying alive, 34.
As time goes by, he's got about 30, man.
White Christmas, 27.
Mrs. Robinson, 24.
Star Wars theme, 21, and downhill from there.
You got a long way to go to fix, I mean, to take care of it.
I never got to the David Corn article.
Maybe I'll read it tomorrow, what do you think?
Oh, yeah, go for it.
And Quoters' religious war, Republicans and Conservatives say the darnest things.
It's pretty damn good.
David Corn, who's the Washington editor for the Nation magazine, writes pretty damn good stuff.
Anyway, I'll be here tomorrow if there's any interest.
No.
Tendonoo and Georgia will be with you all day on Friday.
Have a great holiday.
Bye, bye, bye!
Thank you for your fun show.
I'm rising to the end.
Play on the court of La La La La.
I got nothing to do.
Absolutely.
I'm sure of it.
