I'm gonna start with this before anything else got yesterday's pull which by the way
We got freaked on the pool big time, but I got it right down to a science okay
You're not fooling us whoever was dicking with our pool got it down to a science
That's amazing
I know exactly the right numbers on there and I hate to break the news to you
But I was number three on there behind Phil and the molemeister, but we'll get to that
WQ I am yeah, let's get on with Neil. Where are you calling from from mobile phone? Here's the mobile hello
Hey, Neil how are you okay sir?
My love you show a friend of mine turned me out to you a couple years ago
I called in but I wanted to say that
I love when you knock on the here he is a guy who talks sports talks like he knows it all
Yeah, if you haven't played anything that's elementary basketball with himself
And probably
When you knock on the only knockin poor guilty for okay the guys try to eke out a living
Yeah
I can't go squeaky little guilty
He's got he's got to work with that
Yeah, but to be honest for a minute today
He's got to work with that here walking there every day, you know, he's under a lot of pressure this kid
And then the hump for that fat you know what?
Yeah, okay, maybe I like our whole line up here QA thank you
Well, I wanted I wanted to get a good happy call on there right away
I can't hear it anyway, so Vegas. Oh, he's not even on today
We got a Marlins afternoon game. Wow. Oh, and it said 10,000 in some for that game last night
And I I did a spy thing on TV there there was no 10,000 people and
Announced crowd even in a paper it said and announced cry. There was a smattering a couple here a few there
I just mentioned that in passing since every every activity in this town they pad the crowds big time
If you're very sensitive plug your ears or turn it off for like 30 seconds. You don't want to hear this story and
Be sure and turn back
And a raki mother in a van fired on by US soldiers say she saw her two young daughters
Decapitated in the incident that also saw her son and eight other members of her family killed
The children's father who was also in the van said US soldiers fired on them as they fled toward the checkpoint because they thought a leaflet dropped by US helicopters
Told them to be safe and they believed that meant getting out of their village to Carbala
Bokkat Hassan who lost his daughters aged two and five and three year old son his parents two older brothers
Their wives and two nieces ages 12 and 15 in the incident said US soldiers and an earlier checkpoint had waved them through
As they approached another checkpoint 40 kilometers south of Carbala they waved again at the American soldiers
We were thinking these Americans want us to be safe Hassan said to an army translator and a mobile army surgical hospital set up
At a vast army support camp near Najef the soldiers didn't wave back. They fired
I saw the heads of my two little girls come off Hassan's heavily pregnant wife Lamia 36 said Namli
She repeated herself in a flat even voice my girls. I watched their heads come off their bodies. My son is dead
US officials originally gave the death toll from the incident is seven
But reporters at the scene placed at a 10 and for Bokkat Hassan the terrible toll was 11 members of his family his father died at the army hospital later
I just mentioned that in passing, okay for the asshole and everybody else who called guilty this morning
Well, you know, it's you know their anti-military between nine and one. It's not politically correct to be for the troops
War for the troops were for like human life on a show, okay?
We're for everybody coming back safe
By the way Jessica's okay, which is why the market went zooming up yesterday Jessica Simpson Jessica whatever name is Lynch
I'm never gonna watch channel four news again. I will never ever that's a promise
I know I've said it before but I'm done with you people a channel for you're crazy people
Not only are they like in a feeding frenzy if we want to know what's happening with the war space and we see president
Bush, well, there you go. There's John Siggand thawler. We got all the talking news head
We got the national network news. We don't need to have the local newscast pretending they have their own little war of the middle
Did you see that yeah? Oh my god, I know what the angel array comes on who's probably the silliest person who's ever been on a year
Anywhere in the history of the human race and she does the Jessica piece and she come to cause Jessica the plane was landing in Germany
Which they all were just filming at the mouth well there's like her foot or there's like some body part
We can't really see her. She's on the stretcher there, but there she is and then after they finish with that
She comes out and does about a 60 second puff piece in which she said everything but you go girl
I mean every about how a brave she was and about how what a role model
She was it was not a news story. It was a commentary. We're not seeing news anymore in America
We're seeing running commentaries in fact even this operation a raki freedom
What what the hell is that
Operation Iraqi freedom what a wonderful glorious way to call it invasion
Operation Iraqi freedom freedom by a liberation by a elimination the four previous crusades were also
Deliberate the holy land from the I see yeah the crusades don't use that word again. The president doesn't have a pissed off
Bad news by the way right off the bat before we get to our poll and the real results which you won't see on the website
Somebody's dead
And you know you realize how appropriate this is that fits right in
So legend Edwin star has died
The US born star known for his war and the contact in 25 miles hits is thought to have died of a heart attack
Starla for many years in the UK and added to summon the Midlands has managed her legal alien call set Suzy Quattro is known star since
She was a teenager in Detroit led the tributes she said he was the best there was nobody better on stage
He was the nicest man you could ever wish to meet star was born Charles Hatcher in Nashville Tennessee and formed his first group
The future tones in 57 recording one single before his three-year army draft
He was offered a solo deal in 65 his biggest success with it came with his outspoken single war a number one hit in
1970 in the US and number three in the UK
Stars continue to be a live favorite at soul week enders he performed a pair of shows in stuttgart, Germany over the weekend
How do you like that Edwin star is dead and what was us for that you know that's bad news
Hate to start with that story about the end of the woman watching her two girls having her heads blown off and all the rest of 11 family members dead
Oh, no, you're wrong. Yeah, you're absolutely wrong. You should see the facts
I got this morning when I came in but a lot of busy people out there including the people creeping our poll
Giving me like a lecture about wow, you know stick to your fart sounds and no try to tell us
I'll do whatever I want to do okay you jackasses out there
I'm gonna sit here and give my opinion while it's still allowable which should borderline now the where things are going in this country right on the edge
Anyway, here's the results yesterday's poll the real ones
Which broadcast has been most disappointing to you on a more in a racket?
So then go think I checked the numbers before I left the house this morning, which I get up pretty early by the way
All you freepers Z for screpers out there you idiots
Here the real of totals
Broadcaster most disappointed you on the war Phil Henry 277 Mohaward David 207
Neil Rogers the real number should be 203
Or 207 I'm sir. Well, maybe a little less than that there were a hundred phony votes almost exactly
Between six and eight this morning coming in in chunks in bunches. I wonder where they came from Georgia
Peter our net 166 Howard sperm 132 and then a real tight battle you went in the big
Rush Limbaugh 97 in George Rodriguez 91 who only beat you by six votes David
Bill O'Reilly 54 Dr. Laura 30 Randy Rhodes 24
Wow, and Mr. Ego Steve came only 17 and the reason that Randy and Mr. Ego got so few votes of course is because they have so few listeners
Sorry Randy, but that's just
Way goes right?
And it will
You don't have any listeners you're not gonna get too many votes
Anyway, here's our first poll. We're doing a two a prong poll today. We got two prongs. You ready? All right poll number one
aah
And this is based on you know yesterday
We had many people we had quite a countertops going about that noon to one hour on Wednesday
I enjoyed yesterday's tremendously absolutely bad news is we got a Marlon game this afternoon even worse news is it doesn't start to one o'clock
That's bad. Oh, okay, they start them at like 11 sounds good to me. Let's play ball. What do you say come on?
Anyway
Here's the first poll. What's your take on eels Wednesday noon to one comedy bits hour
Four choices. I don't know what else you listen to the choices. Maybe I'll let something out. I don't think so
I love it. It's okay. Keep it. It's weak. Get rid of it or I hate it
I think I covered all just in four short choices there from a disease. Do I?
From art park to z. All right
What's your take on eels Wednesday noon to one comedy bits hour? I love it. It's okay. Keep it. It's weak. Get rid of it or I hate it
I hate it
Can't stand it
Makes me want a bar
So we'll get that one up right away won't we are because you know I fact that there are about six hours ago
But I was sitting here watching these phony votes coming in chunks
What is the story with these people do they really think I mean you know every now and it's important
Oh, that's right. I forget it's very scientific and it's very important
So keep busy with it keeps you off the streets
12 minutes after nine at five sixty wqm
If you ever thought of getting a wireless phone
Sure you have because just about everybody and your brother is gonna have one
You don't have valuable is to keep in touch with your vines associates during the day as well as being connected with your family at all times
Well, don't postpone it one more second get it done today. Just call wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer
Call them toll-free one triple eight two two one 80 80 and wireless city will deliver today to your home or business
Your new wireless phone ready to use wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect for you
Like their new 3999 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends call wireless city now toll-free one
Triple eight two two one 80 80 call today and get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free
Just call 888 to two one 80 80 service agreement requires you printed materials or authorized representative at wireless city for limited and complete details
wireless city a T-mobile authorized dealer that number again is 888
221 80 80
Why and local
Here sports radio five sixty two a yeah, well the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station
Here's a story of a matter raki
Who is talking weapons to blow up the world
Adam mustache were ray and body doubles gas little boys and girls
Here's a story of a man named Hans Wicks who was busy just inspecting empty sites
But the UN is could not find the weapons
They're whereabouts unknown
Till this one day the alert move back to yellow hello George orange codes that were no more than a hunch
That's a dumb this fight our resolutions
That's the way they all became the crazy bunch that crazy fun
The crazy
That's the way they all became the crazy bunch
915 we apologize, but I guess maybe we had a little communications problem between me and Eric there on a first
Pull this morning he there didn't get it or he lost or maybe he ate it
But they'll get that first one up there because I just faxed it to him again
I guess today and we got to get up there right away. I don't want to put any pressure on you Eric
We got like 10 seconds times up
Well, I'm not serious like because in order for us to get the second one
Which is one of those will build it during the show kind of polls about phrases and expressions that bug the crap out of you
You get my drift
Anyway great cartoon in a heraldous morning, which you'll see on our website today along with a lot of really great bedtime stories
Really good stuff today and don't read that story again about the mother who walks to her son there
But you don't want to read that huh?
Please well, this is war baby. This is what happens its growth test
See unlike what you see in on television where it's glamorous and glorious just like the Jessica thing
You know if we didn't see 55 hours on that on every channel yesterday
We didn't see 55 seconds and I'm delighted for her and for her family
It's said of and so on and although they say she's safe and sound
Now sound is an interesting term because she's got two broken legs a broken arm and a couple of bull holes in her body
She's gonna be okay, but safe and sound I find to be a little bit of exaggeration number one and number two
Why are we hearing nothing?
About the 11 bodies that they found in the same hospital who appear to be American soldiers right?
Why are we hearing anything about them? I see
So this continues to be a video game war on TV
propaganda from all the news media who are just go stepping in line and so yesterday's pull
I mean, I looked on Phil Henry's website for the first time in about a year and a half today and he is with the Uncle Sam outfit
Standing in front of an American flag you talk about a complete sellout are you sure?
I'm positive
Yeah, is that the role of us in a media where supposed to be cheerleaders at the very least okay
Just go back to being an entertainer in your case, okay?
Just be an entertainer
I mean, I'm thinking back to those couple of years we worked together i.o.d
Right there any period of time that I missed at that moment he was like a
Uh, did social commentary we wouldn't we would have beers we would sit on the picnic table and smoke and
drink beer and and and chat there was no hint of this of anything like
Where did this come from maybe he was sent to the clear channel indoctrination in our college?
Maybe they cut him a check
Maybe they like tattooed him on the arm or something a cheap channel
I don't know what it's all about but but the uh the fact is that most of the media yada kiss your radio, okay?
I don't want to pat ourselves on a back here
But yada kissed the radio that at least even if you don't agree at least
There's still a variety of opinion available as opposed to just the company the government line
And all this crap with these embedded reporters and all this news uh all this propaganda passed off as news
It anyway the editorial cartoon in the herald by moron is great as usual
It shows heraldo with that silly mustache and a big smile on his face holding up a little map of a rack with a
diagram and an ex-its as we are here
And of boring a button that says i'm heraldo and you're not with a stupor fight american soldier standing next to him
And in the background it says fox news and it would originally say that we report you decide but they've blacked out the EC and the
Second D in the side so it says we report you die
As heraldo stands there tipping off the goods here we are
You know check the latest american troop positions. Here's herald just like that bit we got
You know let's check they let's turn on CNN. Oh, let's check Fox news. Maybe heraldo will be on there
So we can check the latest american troop positions
What an irony that is you know
While there's screaming in the air and about how unpaid triadica want to trade her peter our net is and here's heraldo
Given away the location
Many many interesting letters in a heralded a by the way
Some of which couple of which support the war more a more don't
For example
Flora Levin and curl gables writes three march 28th letter writers protesting the protest
I read them on a year here
Wishes to suspend our constitutional writer freedom of speech they seem to think that doing so as a display of patriotism
True patriotism isn't restricting protest or speech flying the flag on car windows or changing the name of french toast to freedom toast
True patriotism is being informed and consistent voter for those who haven't
Who have proven integrity and ability not because they're of our ethnic groups sex color or religion
Too many patriotic americans seem to think that voting isn't important anymore
The letter writer seem to have forgotten that they live in america and informed amerikan as the right to
Question the actions of our government and still can have compassionate support for our troops
What a great letter by flora and the gables nice going flora also
David and my me springs writes
The opponents of protesting may find this hard to believe but the great majority of those who opposed the war
Also support the individual troops if not the government that put them in harm's way and hope that they all come home safely
To which we say amen on this program
David says perhaps those who would stifle descent should reconsider what life would be without it
Specifically think about what life is like in Cuba for those in opposition to the government
Gives you a different perspective on descent doesn't it says David and my me springs and there's a whole bunch of these letters. We'll read some of them
Okay, we got that pull up there like I told you erica's right on top of it Carlos
It's part of the fact that uh, I don't know. I don't know what to vote. I just vote something just to get a cone
Okay, just so I can see what's on here. It's on here. It's up
The poll on the noonder one. Okay, I love them votes already. I love it for it's okay
Keep it for I hated too and it's weak. You're gonna be one so eight to three so far in favor. They knew the one Wednesday hour
How do you like that? I like it a lot. It's a big hit with one bullet
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line boy lots of crap today man lots and lots of stuff
Carlos is having nervous breakdown. We had 50,000
You know this village voice article you don't need to fast this to me. Okay. It was on our website yesterday
Bush's voice of America. Thank you very much, but we already had it. Thank you
God just read go to neorodges.com. I mean if they're getting the stuff off the village voice
They obviously have the internet right you think so why don't you check the stories that we have on here
So instead of wasting our time in paper you wouldn't bug me with stuff that we already know about and already have oh that's
Smacks of efforts. Oh God
Man, it's unbelievable. Although here's one. It's interesting
From the Cincinnati Post
Robert Cunningham worked his whole life as a bus driver and skimped and saved try to buy a house
When he went house hunting he turned to Pamela sanford a self-described religious person who got much of a business
Via people she met at church to broker his mortgage
Sanford 29 of westwood
Health Cunningham buy the house and crafted the else. She said but include the monthly payment on his van with his monthly mortgage payment
Cunningham was ecstatic until his van was repossessed for non-payment
Oh, that's when sanford gave him documentation that was supposed to explain the auto loan company the cutting-am is making payments
The documentation was as bogus as the mortgage loan sanford gave to 10 victims struggling to attain the mercant dream
Did you laugh when you gave him that piece of paper? Hamilton County
Please court judge Melba marsh asked sanford at her sentencing
I need to send a message to the community that there's a line of trust line angry marsh rolled sanford yesterday
You don't pray on people you don't victimize people so evidently she prays with an a y and also with an a y
Marsh then sentenced sanford a prison for six months the maximum sentence allowable nice going judge
Oh, yeah, so I'm missing a button on sorcerer. Which is other primary hunting grounds for con artists. I keep saying over and over again. Yeah, listen
Boy
Another one of them goody goody two shoes religious assholes. I'm sorry for being repetitious. Excuse me
40 votes on air already on the new to one comedy bits are good because we're gonna have this on air for a while
Right and then we'll get to the second pool. What am I asking you right? I know what the hell's right and what's wrong? What?
Hey, gildey sounded pretty good this morning spider that first guy. It was ripping him and I mean he sounded squeaky like always happy
That you know something I was thinking the same thing and not only did he sound happy what I came in here this morning very early
Which I always do everybody in a building was happy. Zach was happy robber was even in a good mood
Which is really something and he was happy. Yeah, hi everybody was happy here
Yeah, nobody was like looking down the hall. You know, help me. No, because what was it build up?
Oh, he is just a creepy guy that mull my sister man
Just a creepy guy with a creepy hair piece and a creepy bag and creepy vericose veins
And I would love to dance on his grave and a creepy crawly on his head 40 votes on a pool already
What's your take on it noon to one hour Wednesdays? I love it 12. It's okay. Keep it 11
That's 23 got it
It's weak in rid of it 10. I hate it 7 so it's 23 17 it just like yesterday. It's tight. It's really tight
It's tight
Here here's here's Miami hello. Hey, no it's going on. Yes, sir
Your obviously against the war, but wouldn't you agree? No, that's it sir sir
Let me give you a little lesson how to call a talk show don't ever say to anybody you're speaking to wouldn't you agree?
Why don't you just ask me a question don't say wouldn't you agree is if as if the purpose of the call is to try to get me to agree with you
First of all, that's boring and secondly, maybe I will and maybe I won't let's see what the air question is
I believe that this war is preventive maintenance for further
For their actions
For their actions. Yeah
Well, what does that mean actions like what I
Why is that how many terrorist attacks have we had by Iraq against this country or against the Brits?
Not 30 man. Yeah, okay. See there you go. We'll clown
Great
No, it's good because he couldn't he couldn't even keep a straight face. It's a joke
Yeah, but get a little more into it next time. Okay, sir
5 6 70 I was a little enthusiasm
There you go
Pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line here's hi Ali a hello. When is this?
Well, yes
Yeah, I'm gonna vote on the on the the poll for yesterday. I think you're doing a terrible job covering the war. Yeah, I think your device is
All you do is cloud be you want to let me ask your question. Why do you listen to the program?
I don't listen to the okay good 5 6 7 0 5 60 if you know listen to the program
You're not allowed to call the show. Okay, it's very simple. I mean we don't talk to anybody
But if you don't listen to the program you're not allowed to call the show very very
clouding the issue. Yeah, stop clouding the issue
the rest of them crystal
clear
Chris wait for your
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and in this in which we know that was yesterday's poll the poll was on a website now
It's another day. Okay, sir. The verdict is in Phil Henry wins by landslide mo
Howard David and with the joke vote is second and I'm a closer to mo
In spite of the hundred bogus votes that came in from God only knows where from a bunch of dingled bats out
There we got no nothing better to do with their time than to creep the poll all brother
Those are somebody most productive people in the world not just an hour pool but any pool. We're creeping the poll
Maybe we're creeping it for Jesus
That's right
Freeping it for Jesus and the Bush family now. We're talking heavy duty. Oh
67 votes and I knew in a one hour. It's weak. Get rid of it 23. It's okay. Keep it 17
I love it 16. I hate it 11. So add those up. Let's see. They like it the 33
They hate it 34 wow you talk about that. It's tight
It's as tight as a witches
And of course you probably wonder how tight is a witches ass and I would suggest you start watching passions and ask Tabitha she'll tell you
27 past nine at five sixty WQM. We got to of course this is the marlin's warm-up today for four hours
We got marlins on direct I'd deck at one o'clock
Then we got the marlins in the fillies again
Boy, I sure hope the marlin score a couple of runs today would be nice
I mean more than it would like a few and give up less than eight would be a good move in the right direction
So if this is the marlins warm-up are we talking small ball until the game starts? Oh, and y'all I'm glad you mentioned that since we're gonna
Get to our stupid annoying phrases momentarily. No, listen to me
If if guy if teams that have a lot of home run hitters they call home run scoring a lot of runs with home runs long ball
So the opposite that wouldn't be small ball. It would be short ball
Get it now in this station of course when you got certain people would real squeaky voices
I guess maybe short balls small balls would be appropriate, you know that rhymes small and small ball
Oh, oh, oh, oh, and I hate to say it because I like the guy a lot of the boob with the first one
I heard used that the other day. Oh small ball. Oh, oh, oh, oh, and of course I love boob
But but he's one of these guys who's out there doing rock and roll sports rock and roll play by play
Hey, the marlins lead to the wild everybody, you know, that kind of stuff. Yeah
They're gonna play small ball this year. They got a scratch and claw their way to a lot of runs
Welcome live
What that that's him is and don't get in that see I'm don't confuse. I love boob shambies a really good guy
He lost a lot of weight
I'm jealous of that. He's a wonderful guy everybody here loves him
But that that rutina his that the rock and roll sports that just drives me up the wall
He's a great play by play guy if he would can the the rock and roll he really is. He's got a great future
But I mean just just tone it down a little bit booster. Okay, just a little bit less happy would be good
Okay, marlins are behind 27 or two. Yeah, don't be so happy about it. All right. Well, we lost a whole other person
What's not to be happy about it? No, that's true
Well the fact is you don't have to be in this building very often. He's happy about that and so am I
28 past nine at five sixty wqm on a really energetic Thursday man
You can almost smell it can't you can you smell it?
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories
You must do the right thing and go to barbecues galore
Don't forget get a head start of the barbecuing season with the perfect grill or accessories all of the guaranteed lowest prices
And of course you'll do that at barbecues galore
Barbecues galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill
To the more portable Weber charcoal grill like the beautiful one I got
For all your barbecues needs at the guaranteed lowest prices. Don't forget. This is the great place to shop
Barbecues galore you'll find them in plantation on university driving a fountain shopping center at that location
Call 954 423 1400 423 1400 and coral springs there at 74 85 West sample road of the corner of sample and rock island roads
Call 954 757 66 68 954 757 66 68 for a barbecues galore who absolutely are the barbecues specialist
You
I had one I swear Mr. President if you will
Come on senator
Senator dole wouldn't it be better to have big deficits?
That's not a bad idea
$400 billion to me
Maybe even for the Clinton library perfect leadership is about bad economics and can you believe women's right is wrong because we're stronger
I hear you're looking for one look let's give up our home-want security education. Social Security and Medicare
What is he babbling about what happened to my law he's amazed at the long there where you can look at it for the whole day
The sales department ain't working anymore. Okay. They're busy trying to get screw-in off the most sold out
They're trying they're trying to scrape screw-in off the floor at the stadium box. Okay. They're trying to work on her box
So Ann culpris moving to Miami. I told you this was a maggot magnet down here. I would just got a heads up on this from Lynn Samuels
Check my email and thank goodness for that and culture is moving to South Florida
If we don't have enough problems already Michael Jackson's coming here. We got OG already
We got eight million banana vote pe- oh we got the Latin Grammys coming in September
Yeah, just inside for all the high and I'm not gonna waste my time going back to that story in a paper again because
Wow, you know the protesters are promising. They're getting already
You know like I said neurotic repetition. That's what this town's all about just the same
Sad sorry as people doing the same sad story as crap and as far as that jackass who called from highly with his phone
Call who doesn't listen to the ledge who's obviously listening right now
Every time I say something that flies against the mainstream that happens to be my real opinion
But it just doesn't happen to go along with the mainstream. I'm divisive in other words
We're also supposed to go step in the line support whatever the ministration does support the mindless senseless
Unacceptable slaughter that's going on over there
That's going to get a lot worse before it gets better by the way in sped-a-how close there at a Baghdad
And we're just supposed to all say the same thing
Now what's the point? Why don't we all just do sighal and go step up and down
Federal highway and the helotalk shows, okay?
We fight that war in the firm. I mean what the hell is anybody want to give their opinion for when we're all supposed to have the same one
But you're divisive just like when I didn't agree about little alienito you're divisive
Speaking of that they pay me to give my opinion here so you're not to be a parrot not to echo yours or else president
Yes today's daily hijacking will be a dirigible. Oh great. You have the hijacking of the days
About 12 30 will have that for you. I'll be covering it live. Welcome live
Right people for the Marlon game
5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 60 on the okay now let me give you the other pool that we're gonna start building now
The second pool of the day. We'll leave this one up for a while. Although this one is tough
What's your take on kneels Wednesday noon to one comedy vets hour? It's weak. Get rid of it 46
It's okay. Keep it 34. I love it 32. I hate it 26
So the positive ones are 66 and the negative ones are 72
See how tight that is I totally it's tight
Yeah
Well, uh, they're they're undecided. They're like I'm a fence
Now let's see I of course in this town. I love it 33. I hated 26 now. That's pretty good
That's pretty encouraging because this is a tell where they hate just about everything including themselves
You're divisive you're a piece of crap. I don't listen to your show
But I feel like I'm compelled to call you to you know to spew my hate in your direction
What a jackass what a schmuck
Anyway, this is the second pool of me putting up and this will be the primary one for the day
Which you'll give your little father for your father
Which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most
We got a list starting with six
Don't even go there. Oh when people say that that just it sends me right to the bowl
Even though I may not want to really go there. Don't even go there
Small ball which we were talking about moments ago the new baseball thing for teams that don't hit a lot of home runs small ball
Goes yard another baseball for one of the guy hits home run goes yard. Oh Sammy goes yard
And I go ballistic every time I hear that he has issues
He has issues. I have tissues. Yeah over here in the quarter
And then of course one of everybody's absolute favorite
Why like that?
My we do like it, but I mean and you go girl
Though you go no you go girl first
Ladies first
So those are the six we got so far and you can add to it whatever a phrase or expression
That's commonly used especially in more contemporary times like these even for us all folies. That's just bug to live in crap audio
He has issues. We're gonna put some of the newfangled ones on their like what embed
phrases or expressions. Yeah, that's not bad and embedded in order embedded now just embedded sure because it says phrases or expressions
And
I am well embedded just to word well whatever the hell it is embedded. They'll know if they don't know by now they must be in bed
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I like to go in a lighter direction if you don't mind so to speak a lighter direction
My girlfriend is listening outside Windsor on the internet right now. Yeah, I want her to hear what you're gonna say
Because I have an idea what you're gonna say because you said it before
Luis Miguel and Ricky Martin. She doesn't believe they've either one of them ever been with guys before she thinks they did well
Okay, that's for your girlfriend CKLW channel nine and of course used to be a great radio station to be eight but anyway, what is it?
She thinks that Luis Miguel and Ricky Martin have never been with a guy. Well, let me ask you this and I supposed to know the answer to that
No, but you used to talk about things when you knew since you've been out of the closet 2530 years you knew you know
You know you knew about that. I know what do you mean? I knew about that
Was that right you were the first one to bring it up? I don't know about that. I suspect okay?
Just like many other people suspect in fact
We have a pretty good idea and based on rumor in in you window etc. And so on we believe that it's possible in fact in Ricky's case
Highly likely in fact both of their case highly likely, but let me ask you this what differences that make
I mean she ever gonna get intimate with either one of them. No, has she ever met either one of them? No, but she loves Luis Miguel
Well, so so what's wrong with that?
It's okay. It's great, but I said even knew what the Vegas he loves them
He wants the Vegas to see him sing so I say to me concert three times. He's great
He's got the best voice in the world the matter work. Or it says Luis Miguel's got the greatest voice in history
One last thing you should ask all these phrases for the Latin people. How about every time they go leeson
I thought they start every that's how they start every phrase
If it's time they call you it's leeson
leeson
Don't you agree? Now I think they're saying gleeson gleeson
I want for the Jackie to come back have a great day pal and then my best wishes to your girlfriend a Windsor
Back, I'll see you're at the Windsor raceway with Marty Adler. How you doing Marty?
There off and pacing anyway
Yeah, let's do a harness racing show
So let's see now. What does he say no leeson that's not but how about a heads up?
Okay
Heads up
Yeah, why don't you be a heads up on the fact that your boss is a douchebag, you know things like that
5 6 7 0 we already know 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line 150 three roasts
I'm not really sure why we ought to take this other one down. I don't think we're going to make any progress
You know, I mean it's so it's tight
What's your take on eels wednesday new to one comedy, but so our 153 votes already
In j 164 like I said it's weak get rid of it 58
It's okay keep it 41. I love it 37. I hate it 28 so the positive votes are
78 and the negative votes are 86
See what I'm talking about tight 86 to 78 in my book that's said for more I come from
From Rochester, New York that's considered pretty damn tight
Almost as tight as the lilacs are at the Rand Eastman Park
Well, I tell you the weather in Toronto right now is really crappy. Do you know that?
It's like 70 New York and there's a front and north of the lake. It's like freezing
It's like 28's going to be behind Toronto today. Do I is my timing generally pretty good on the weather stuff
Man for next four or five days. It's going to be like around zero Celsius like around 32 30
About 30 now as a matter of fact
Dave devol on CFT old last night said what's the temperature going to be the next four or five days in Toronto about 30 man and that's correct
That is absolutely correct Dave
So I did the right thing and here magnificent man. It's beautiful. What are your people so sour about huh?
What are you so sour about
This is the time of the year when it's supposed to be happy time right
They like yesterday was magnificent today looks pretty good to me going to be like in the low 80s not too hot
Not too cold like the porridge man. Just right. Yeah, my children still have their heads on their shoulders. Oh, I'm sorry
Yeah, that's right. That's correct most of you people your kids still have their heads on their bodies
They're in one piece and you didn't have 11 family members killed in the law at once
Oh, but you you know you don't survive support the military more than you assholes
I want to put these guys over there these young people by the way not all that well trained
These are a lot of these most of the hunks punks first time in combat lives being squandered lives being thrown away
And it keeps continues being put into this
Hearts and flowers thing by MSNBC especially and CNN where we keep seeing the pictures on the billboard and here's John Smith from Wyoming
Yeah, you know like it's a human interest like this is all part of some kind of a soap opera
It's not a soap opera when you get in with a book
It's about a Bingman like Santino said in a godfather, you know what I'm talking about what are you gonna do?
Nice college boy, yeah, they want to get mixed up in the family business
And now you want to go down a police captain one because he slapped you in a face a little bit
Huh, what do you think this is the army where you shoot him a mile away? You got to get a close like this
The big your blood brains all over your nice side release suit
Come in
Huh, you're taking us very first
Yeah, oh here's Eddie who's always very negative and also has negative facts. Why don't you add your list?
I change the station at noon choice
Well, I mean if they hate it, you know that goes without saying okay
We're not one this is no show where I sit here. Oh, I like the guy in high-level. I don't listen good, but that's fine go away
If you like the show or if you hated enough that you can't turn it off that's fine
You're invited listen to regardless the price is right. It's free
But if you don't like it just go find something else to do go play part cheesy go play with yourself go play with your neighbors
Go play with your neighbor's dog
Now I'm sorry. I like dogs go play with your neighbor's cat or something like that
Oh look at this here's a very very very interesting facts
You're still interesting
Facts is well, let me do the break. I got two fascinating facts is did we tease that sufficiently here's another one
Oh, yeah, Mike oxlong one of our good the facts friends. He says another phrase weapons of mass destruction
Well, yeah, I was thinking that bit. No, I'm writing it down right now
Or WMD is there now known but weapons of mass destruction
Oh god, thank you, Mike
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line
By the way, screw in is still drunk under her desk back there in the sale department
We checked this morning they're trying to scrape her ass off the floor. We might have to call in bro
To get the job done
19 till 10 at QAM all you dog lovers out there which I just mentioned only moments ago my psychic powers kicking and again
Bark Avenue pet resort is the only all natural pet resort in the country and when you go away
You don't want to handle your dogs over to a bunch of lunatics and have horrible things happen to me
Want to make sure they get the best of care
Bark Avenue pet resort is like sending your dogs to a day at the spa your poach will socialize all day with pals and soft-matted
Play areas always out of the supervision of dog loving counselors too
They're gonna watch what's going on to make a long story short
Bark Avenue is a full-service five-star resort offering boarding in large-tiled suites
They offer daycare expert grooming on all breeds too when you see the place and you can see it online like I've checked it up
You're gonna be very impressed with the clemeness and the lack of smell of this 10,000 square foot luxury facility
In fact, I guarantee you when you look online you won't smell anything at Bark Avenue
You keep looking at that picture you won't smell anything
And of course if tiny was still alive he'd probably be hanging out there right now with a big smile on his push
Bye tiny see for yourself what bark Avenue is all about go online at barkappetresort.com
That's a V E bark app pet resort.com and take a virtual tour
Which you can always do when your pet is bored of there by the way to keep tabs on him make sure that he's okay or her or them
Or take a wheelchair at bark Avenue any Monday through Saturday
There at 1400 South Federal Highway in Hollywood just the light north of Pembroke Road called Bark Avenue 954
925 bark
That's 954 925 bark for boarding grooming and they care and don't forget check out their website
It's really an amazing place bark app pet resort.com for the bark Avenue pet resort. It's one in a zillion
My I'm loco this is for 205 60
You ain't way
We're big
In the macho
We saw a billboard sign today. We don't like that we
We have balls is not the kind of that we'd like to see
In flying we have any balls with this rep Presents our team
And we want our name off of the sign
Yes, it isn't very nice and so we want to verify the dolphins have no balls
That board hole billboard sign then we'd got
All
Down on with how to find and so upon
Many many like with hurricane fans will now be checking inside their fence do I have to
Or am I smooth
Take down that sign
Oh
That's why they slap each other's
That's
946 at 560 wq a m boy just had some great news George handed me a name in a number
You spoke to this person yes, he called oh, that's great. Oh, right. Thank you David. He'll know who it is
And I'll be in touch believe you me
And of course if that thing works out bye-bye
205 votes then you won't have to worry about this divisive nasty voice on here anymore if this thing works out
That I just was handed to me very exciting. I can't think anymore than that
205 votes on a pool what's in it's so tight you couldn't put a curly little hair in between the two sides very unusual for our crowd
Usually it's like real heavy duty, you know, but not here. What's your take on meals Wednesday noon to one comedy?
It's week. Get rid of it 70. It's okay. Keep it 54. I love it 47. I hate it 34
So if you add together the positive ones it's 101 and the negative ones 104
Can you believe that I thought there'd be a bigger margin than that at least
Yeah, one way or the other
three votes separation
After 205 votes
So we'll leave that up there for while we're compiling list of phrases and sayings and words that just drive you to
Distraction that send you right to the old
Bowl
Already got this. Thank you very much though. Somebody faxed me this. It's on our website
Oragon law would jail war protesters as terrorists to give you an idea of where or what direction this country is headed to
We're headed in the right direction about as far to the right as you can go even a toe of the handle want to be involved
An Oregon anti terrorism bill would jail street blocking protesters for at least 25 years
In a thinly veiled effort to discourage anti-war demonstrations critics say for at least 25 years
The bill is met strong opposition but lawmakers to look expected a bit on the definition of terrorism and the value of free speech before a vote by the
Oregon state senator judiciary committee whose chairman republican senator john minnes
Roti proposed legislation
Do I understand the destuplicate of everyone?
Dubbed senate bill 742 it identifies a terrorist as a person who plans or participates in an act that is intended by at least one of its participants to disrupt business
Transportation schools government or free assembly
The bill's few yeah ironic
The bill's few public supporters say police needs stronger laws to break up protests that are created
Have a concedes-like portland where thousands of people have marched and demonstrated against war in iraxon's last fall
We need some additional tools to control protest that shut down the city said
Lars Larsen a conservative radio talk show host who is aggressively stumped for the bill
Of course a conservative is there any other kind except maybe about two or three of us know
Wow you people better wake up and sniff the pansies man
Sniff the daffodils before you start hearing the sound of those
Those boots marching in the right time your street
Oh, you're so divisive meal. Yeah, thank god for me
Here's poppin. Oh, hello. Yeah, good morning. They all how you doing? I'm doing okay
I don't know if you noticed this the other day
I just haven't picked it up because I had the times from Monday
Did you see that whole thing a business day about your channel?
Yeah, yeah, we talked about it
Okay, I wouldn't miss that but uh, they like on about seven the five million radio stations and they're like orchestrating all of these so-called these phony
Pro-war rallies and manipulating their people
I guess like Phil because you know, he's he indirectly works for clue channel they own
Premiere which he works for so
Yeah, but the thing that really gets me is I get time magazine delivered and they had a time CNN poll and this is where it really gets me with
Americans if there were only 500 peak casualties people voted like 70 something percent if there were a thousand
It went down if it went up to five thousand it was a lot lower but these people think that even 500 lives is worth all of this
And it just leaves you speechless. What is there to say about that?
You know, it's interesting those 500 lives that they're willing to forfeit for a
Absolutely totally corrupt the kind of invasion not even a war for an invasion
As long as they're not their lives or somebody that's close to them or their children
They're willing to sacrifice it like it's small potatoes like it isn't for real. You know, again like it's statistics on a page
I don't know this country. I don't know which direction it's headed in Neil Bayon. I remember what I've always paid with you
A country that doesn't place a great value on human life can never be a great country
Well, look at their doing with the commentations from people. Look at their trying to do people got their wrong arm cut off by a doctor
Mm-hmm
Yeah, give you about 50 bucks. I might be hiding you to the border of Canada. Okay. I'll see you
Let's see. Please play the gun shots the gun
Show them. Oh, okay. Thanks. Okay, Dan. Whatever you say
I got that spot coming up and it'll be on again over and over and over again
These damn gun shows that shows you how desperate we are in this radio station and screw in of course
Maybe a state of a scraper ass off the floor. She you know take care of these things and we get some more spots on log
Sure, so go go in there and get the program log for the rest of the day. I want to take a look at I want to see if it's as light as this
Here's the fact it says get with the program. We bomb their country. They they rebuild it
i.e. Use their oil money. No out of pocket for us. Oh, yeah, right
First we'll bring their oil technology up to date. It's not a good shape
Then we'll ramp up production in their rear to their real capacity
Not to many can't even read this pretty good for companies like backtell other rich or well connected. Okay
There you go. Who can we look for next? Somebody's got a lot of oil would be good
I still say Saudi Arabia would be good. I might even support that
Okay, let's take a look now. Don't don't leave you can't just leave this in here. You come well
That's right. We got the Marlin came on too
Which quite frankly when you think about that
Oh boy
A little bit more there but not uh, you have some trades and a little bit of this
Little bit of that and then get like I said nothing and you think that with the Marlin game on
There'd be more like jammed in because that takes up so much of the day our sales department's on vacation
By the way if anybody wants to buy these spots no no, we don't we don't have any left
DJ Valentine has more suggestions talk to the hand
To talk show thing
I beg your pardon
When you don't want to talk to somebody talk to the hand yeah, you hold your hand up
Okay
How about word word word up
Word
Whatever Nana police now does it look like I care no, it's not you it's me no and no you're spurn over spilled milk
No, but one out of eight minute any bad
Talk to the hand
Is that the black hand
In citelia
Huh
Let's go talk to the black hand in citelia
It's the glad
229 votes on a first poll today
What's your take on the Eels Wednesdays noon to one comedy but sorry this obviously is the big controversy in town
Make no mistake about there's rollin colon Powell so we total sell out I go with the resolution
We have enough authority. Yeah, we have enough authority to do whatever the hell we want
Uh noon to one comedy but since week year it's about 76. It's okay. Keep it 62
I love it 55. I hate it 36 the positive ones come to 117 the negative ones come to 112
God
This is tighter than the 2000 election. Let's start checking the chads, okay?
And look at this it's got six votes on here from Palm Beach County for Buchanan. Oh and he ain't even on there yet
Yeah
Put put that on there Eric while we still got this on there. I vote for Pat Buchanan
Huh, he'll get a couple of votes all you idiots up there in Palm Beach all you feeble silly people when you're goddamn
Butterfly ballot
Remember what they said butterflies are free
There and so was the election they stole it. Well, I guess they spend a lot of legal fees
I vote for Pat Buchanan
Jews for Hitler
5670 that was you know something they must have really loved that yeah Jim Baker in that crowd
The irony there is just you can taste it in your tush. It tastes like uh
Mothsables although in retrospect. Well, that's right. He said balls. Yes
What would you have rather had him or this one? Oh, Pat Buchanan any day
Plus he's pretty good on immigration
5670560
I just have to start dating women
Here's here's Bokeh. Hello
Bokeh yes, sir
Uh the phrase I have I hate the two reads okay one one is my solo my ex
So I'll use it all the time the whole nine pod the whole nine yards. Okay. Yeah. How's that sound? That's okay. Okay?
I love your show. Thank you, sir. I got blessed America. Yeah. I'm a limo driver
And get through today. Thank goodness. I have a great day
You too drive it carefully the whole nine yards you got these you're right. He's down Carlos
Because the pressure's on you man. I sure hope all those bedtime stories are on here
What is he laughing about I give him about six hundred a day while there's a lot of good stuff on here
Plus that more in cartoon from the hero god. That's good. He is so damn good
There's her order when the soldier we report you die Fox news. Mm-hmm
All we can say to Fox news is that's all Murjana. Yeah, so we got an colder move into Miami
And Michael Jackson and OJ Simpson maybe they can move into a big complex together
I was just showing the the PSA is about the cluster bombs because you heard about that one right?
One of our big stories about the cluster bombs. That is correct. But he's showing the PSA who is flaming colon? Oh
They don't raise up. They're not crude as better
Life for the Iraqi people well, let me ask you something
Do you think the Iraqi people are watching colon pal right now? Oh?
Okay, like the people in that van
Yeah, and they're satellite dishes probably or maybe they're watching on the internet
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line. Oh, I vote for Pat Buchanan's up there. No votes yet
He'll get some come on Palm Beach get with it
Here's a call from Naples. Hello
Hey, Michael Moore a bag it like you. No, same crap again
He's got a wife by the way 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line. Here's Palm Beach. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Hi, the lie watch for a lot fighter in Highland Park as opposed to Randy
Okay, but anyway, it's for as far as irritating praises. It's got to be you know repeated use of you know
You know, you know, okay. Bye. Thanks. Good call, you know
Now how do we spell that? Yeah, apostrophe. You know question mark, you know
You know
Which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most makes you want to just puke your guts out
Don't even go there small ball. Hey, it's 14 to 20. It didn't
Goes yard for hitting a home run. He has issues
Wassup you go girl embedded heads up weapons of mass destruction
Talk to the hand word the whole nine yards or you know
This is a hell of a place, you know
This place blows, you know
You know, let's go to glad that you do know. We don't have to tell you about it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line 9 57
We got the Marlin pregame at one of Arlins in the Phillies again
135 baby. It's gonna be a real barn burner out there at pp park going up to the ballgame today
Right you got some free tickets. Oh, you don't have any free tickets. How about making me galito? What's the history? Is he going any of the games yet?
I don't know he sucked out a whole bunch of tickets from those. Yeah, he did
He went he just rifled through those tickets. I had to land the parking passes
Yeah, the the package there weighed about 15 pounds and when he got through it a way to buy an ounce his package
Hey guys speaking of Miguel's package if you guys out there can't get any because you got that big ugly bald spot
Boy outside it makes you look so much older than you really are look at Bokobrine
Especially with that chicken neck now. He looks he looks almost as old as mole like about 72 or 3
I guarantee if he had some real hairy look a lot younger
That's right and you guys the same thing Charles Alfiehries the guy to go to for real here the natural hairline system
He's the only guy in the world that gives you a real looking here as opposed to a bunch of straw on your head as opposed to some farm
Some barnyard animal that looks like a croaked on your head and still keeps moving around from side to side
For over 25 years Charlie's been helping the rich and the in between and the ischleppers because he gives you an affordable price
And because at no price in the universe can you get a more natural looking head of hair
And if you mention the arranges, he'll knock even another 200 bucks off the regular price of his natural hairline system
You go in there he gives you a free consultation
I'll show you how you're going to look how much better when younger and then you decide and you have nothing loose
But the glowing shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee if you don't love the way it looks
And feels and smells and the hair too Charlie give you a full refund
So what he got to lose beside that big glaring open bald spot call today and get your hair back from Chuck Alfiehries
No holes in the head no dead barnyard animals
1 800 321 24 13
1 800 321 24 13 or check their website Charles Alfiehries.com
My name is local this is 516
The radio's all yours now
QA
QA
QA
QA
QA
Do you sometimes say the wrong thing or the wrong time are you loud and obnoxious when you should be quiet and reserved
Do people look at you funny when you're done speaking do you only open your mouth to change feet
Well then you may have what it takes to attend the Michael Moore School of Antipropriate Behavior
This lovin leap of can show you how to turn even the friendliest crowd into an unruly mom
You'll learn what not to say at any occasion then say it anyway
example funeral
Geez never thought this day would come huh? What took him so long?
He looks terrible. Hey you to wife. He's been cheating on you, you know, and it's all because of George Bush
example two your child's kindergarten graduation
This is where all the fun ends it's over kiddie
Snow jobs there's no future today. You're in the sandbox tomorrow in the sand dunes of Iraq and it's all because of George Bush
The Michael Moore School of Antipropriate Behavior can show you exactly how to make an ass of yourself every time
Examples ready wait watchers weigh in meeting well, it looks like you didn't lose a single pound
What you have to do grease the door to get in here? What a load you are
Hey get used to size 26 maybe because it's all you'll ever wear
I'm fat too. Hey, you know why too many carbs and George Bush
Sign up now and receive a filthy Roger and me baseball cap a wrinkled pizza stain bowling for Columbine T-shirt
And a book of George Bush insults like this one
Why did chicken cross the road to buy my rack?
Because George Bush told him don't
The Michael Moore School of Antipropriate Behavior
Sign up now for that asshole and Naples by the way we love Michael Moore on this show
Yeah, that's a wife, you know, and there you go honey like that
Two minutes after 10 at 560 WQ I am. Let's see. We got some good ones coming in on a fax machine closure
Yeah, and the you-go girl should be you-go girlfriend. Let's get that right. Thank you
Closure I need closure. How about closure mouth. Okay, you idiot
Closure trap closure pie hole
This is one that very well could win. We agree. I think all this for could be a winner. What's your take
Especially on this radio station oh
The colors who called us sports shows what's your take on a dolphin deal at the uh
Huh? What's your take on Ricky Williams hairdo? What's your take on the Ricky's boyfriend? What you know? I'll like crap
24-7
24-7 oh
Uh, what about evil douish
Yeah
It's only one person that uses that a lot. That's what it says here is W says evil douish
Maybe he drinks it
Here's one from Bill and Miami who says get a grip man don't have another stroke for pizza
This war and the events around again are making you go nuts. Huh? What is he talking about?
Do I seem like I'm gonna have another stroke no
I just got a little energy back. I'm feeling a lot better. I want to like project a little bit here
You don't want me saying bill don't get all bent out of shape
I never have I think perhaps you should stay off the warn news and also putting information and stick to humor and bits and other things
This robot will never be able to undo straw. Oh right
Right right bill. Uh boy. This is about is a subtle as an elephant farting in your face, you know
Right, I should stay off the war stuff just stick to the humor and a farting
I keep on your liberal comedy pinko anti-war anti-bush stuff. No. Oh, thank you. Not having no stroke. I feel just fine. Thank you
And what not is this and what not?
I mean, I've heard it. Oh, no and what not and what not say I'm not reading it right
What not that not there
Now I you know it's got its moments, but it's it won't translate well in print
You know what I'm saying pet you can it's got three votes. Oh, yeah, just keep it light nails stick to the comedy bits stick to a few far
a couple of belches
Who the hell are you people kidding? Huh? You think you're kidding anybody this old koot bill? Oh, man
307 votes once you're in addition to which how much are we talking about the word today?
I thought we're talking about the expressions that kids you aggravated and about the
Comedy bits we plan Wednesday
Talked about the war for about 10 seconds and then one article about the woman who saw her two girls a head blown off
The latest on the black hawk holland hopter and again, they're also saying that does not appear to have been brought down by enemy fire
No, a lot of accidents and a lot of friendly fire seven more Americans are killed there
Well, that's a good thing. That's an interesting thing that one caller brought up that pull in other words
If the casualties are 500 less, it's okay
Then we start getting a lot more nervous if it reaches a thousand that would be a good pull question
How many Americans have to die or allied troops have to die or how many innocent people have to die since a lot of
Innocence are Americans or Brits how many innocent people have died before you start losing your enthusiasm
Your appetite for this conflict barking up the wrong operation Iraqi freedom trying to listen sympathy for the Iraqi civilians is
Pertles oh, that's right. It's town or in this country oh
Here
Here's a couple of good ones see what I'm saying
Yeah, should we put that on there? Sure?
Well, you're certainly not for enthusiasm
It's weak compared to the other one I put it on there and then there's one an only mad dog says I
I know a lot of people say that I
Know that's a gangster thing the gangster say it 24-7 girlfriend. Yeah, I know that but I I
No, come on I
Oh, he says it. Yeah, well sorry
Carlos is your gangster 24-7 especially when you go into those neighborhoods for the drug deals
Let's see what's your take we got that one once you like this one
Oh, yeah, Mike. We got what you take already Mike with the long ox
It will impact us or it impacted us things don't impact they have an impact on something that's correct
But I don't think yeah, well we give what you're saying and you're right, but it's it's a little weak right weak
It won't have much of an impact on our pool. It won't impact it not like what's your take in fact
I think somebody's got some that's impacted maybe that's what's part three hundred and twenty two votes
Maybe was amorous the cat
What's your take on Niels Wednesday noon to one comedy bits are it's weak get rid of it 95
I love it 82 it's okay keep it 82 I hate it 58 and I hope from pap you can in five
haha
I bet your pack gets a bunch of votes today, you know what about third man
322 votes 95 and
58 is 153 got that 153 and the other two is 164
So the positive votes 164 to 153 wow
I'm sure I think it's a good thing we put pap you can in honor because that's just it's gonna be just that's it
Let's get the judge with the eye, you know the one I looked at was looking at the chance the a ballot the wall
I got to get the judge with that bulging eye to look up at this thing. I can't wait
Yeah, he was great. He was everywhere in the world
They saw that the Palm Beach County judge with a bulging
He was good
5670560
pound 560 on the AT&T and for rising world Islam we got a real battle nip and tuck nose to nose side by each
On that noon to one pool
I will we'll have to shut it off at 11
All right, in fact, let's shut the whole place down in London. Oh sounds good to me. You go. Yeah. Yeah
Puffed any says that or was it was it what's his name?
There was puffy. Yeah, that puppy sent it
To an old dirty bastard. I
And of course he was positive and he had the right answer
3rd man
Here's a call from a sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I like to contribute a couple of friends. Okay. Go ahead him
Not for nothing. Not for nothing. Okay. That's good. And my bad. Oh
Yeah, oh George always says that and I hate that. I'm so glad you say I'll hang up and listen. Okay. Thanks not like I eat
You always say that my bad. Oh, that is so that is so childish man. It's so juvenile so silly my dad was nodding
He says it five every five now. He does. He never talked to him
Well, you think I'm a moron?
They'll all talk to him for what am I going to learn from him
Huh? I don't want to find out what it's like under the overpass. He lives in the hotel from the beach. Yeah, he lives in the fountain blue
He lives in the Bando and the beach on the beach and I'm supposed to we're supposed to feel sorry for him and take up collections
And I'm writing him checks so we can work on a weekend
Jesus Christy probably listen to this in front. Oh, I got another one. How is the crib?
Hmm, I mean crib. Yeah, but I've only ever heard run venington
Run DS. No, you're right. See you're trying to educate me about what puns say to be cool
Then I do I don't hang out with any punks. Okay. I'm sorry. I don't see any punks hanging it out. Not here anyway
No seriously
Whether you like that or not now. What is it? What did I just say? How's the crib? How's the crib? Oh
God how's by you
How are they going to be having a final four in New Orleans?
Speaking about you, but don't go there by the way. Oh, you silly basketball people. It's a horrible place
You'll regret every second of it. I heard Zach this morning. Oh, we got to go to New Orleans. He's a basketball
What's wrong with you Zach? In addition, which you know what he would do up there
Drink and eat eat and drink. Yeah
Zach we're talking about right fat fat Zach who's on the edge who's always have you noticed how he's always sick by the way
always sick
Was sitting in there the other day with the coffin poor Ken Maulden. I hope that nothing happens to Ken
He's in the bullpen with guy told Ken. I said if he starts coffin running out of here
He says got a sore throat. What was he doing in there?
Maybe certainly wasn't getting material ready for mo because mo always got this two-day vacation
Which has already been on the schedule so was pre-planned. I heard he had to get his pieces dried out
from the flood
Huh
Was bags over spilled
He had to get his pieces dry cleaned. I wonder if dry concepts would do most hair pieces
Let's suck the dirt right out of this suck it right out
Fine in fact, maybe they could do his Veracos veins at the same time
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T man. He's a mess. He's a good one to be talking
I mean I'm a fat old slob. I look like Carol. I'm gross, but I admit it
But he fancies himself like a real fashion play like a hot like he like he's hot, you know
Yeah, he does he really does he thinks he's a good looking man. Yeah compared to the thusla
I've never seen the thusla compared to Ben Franklin
Compared to people who have been dead for like about two 300 years and in fact
Let's check it out when you come right down to it Ben might be in bomb pretty good
Moe looks like he's in bond
Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, okay. Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I
I get two things
Oh, I love your bits and second you'll have to keep it on the down low
Don't you hate that one keep it on the down low?
George. No, yes. Yeah, Carlos is notting. I never heard that
I can't stand it. Well, what does it mean?
Uh, don't tell nobody. Yeah, keep it on the down low
It made the list. Thank you. Thanks Neil. See you keep it on the down low
Now who the hell what kind of asshole says that?
Yeah, punks. What to say? You know, on the yellow
Keep it on the down low. Yeah, I
Now Mad Dog's been saying that long before it became fashionable
So it goes to show you us old parts no matter what kind of lingo we use eventually it'll make her come back
You know, I
See I've been saying I eat he's been saying that as long as I can recall back to the IOD days
I sports fans
In fact that's uh to me the highlight of his show the man, huh, right?
It's not a putdown by the way he won't be on today. I
Who got tomorrow? We got tomorrow's game on man a hopper won't be on oh brother talk about screwing our lineup and shooting ourselves in the feet
That's going here again Greg you're doing it baby
How many listeners we're gonna have left after this baseball season's over third man
5 6 7 0 5 60
352 votes on air what's your take on niels wednesday noon to one comedy bits are I vote for pap you can and ten
Ha ha ha ha ha ha and you know what those are probably the same old Jews and Palm Beats have voted for them two years ago
Where do I vote for Ralph Gore it's the right here where it says pat you can and
Why don't looks a lot to same don't it? Huh
Well see the noon to one hour is weak here bit of a hundred and three I love it 91
Oh, I love it's moving up. It's okay. Keep it 89. I hate it 59
So what do we got 91 and 89 is on Renati right?
Okay, don't you love my math and the other ones 162 so the positives are pulling away just a little bit
So maybe we'll do it like every other Wednesday or for half an hour or for every other minute
10 13 at 5 60 WQA. I'll tell you a place you can go for a little while going there and just to relax and have a feast at the
Emelcoach Chinese buffet our good friend Richard or what air from Toronto
Emelcoach has three soft little locations for a real feast. They're in sunrise
They're north by me beach and the newest location is in prestigious beautiful Pembert Pines
Start out with any or all of six different delicious soups like that wanton soup and your hot and sour
Then sampled dozens of succulent entrees in fact
I would say there's at least about 30 men and probably more than that
Dozens at Emelcoach Oriental Serpentier from the weekends near Stupestig made a word of the gourmet center
A sizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak and shrimp chicken seafood hand-carb prime rib
Everything is fresh and crunchy and delicious
Nothing sits there and gets mushy like mung like the other Chinese buffets and also unlike the other joints
They don't use any crap you won't walk out of the Emelcoach with a headache ever because there's no MSG
No cornstarts and a cook only with cholesterol free oils
There were faith features a full salad bar a new sushi bar and fresh room cocktail too and great news for as always
Emelcoach's famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster
Bisc and they got that unbelievable dessert bar pace yourself
You know i'm saying let's go in there for a couple of hours pace yourself and save room for the dessert bar
It's great pies and cakes
Paste trees ice cream and all your favorite toppings fresh roof
They even be having watermelon the emerald coast the perfect ending to a gigantic unbelievable pig out
Fat boys not allowed in by the way emerald coast with three locations like I said there in sunrise
Pine Island of 44th Street they're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd and north Miami beach
And at the intersection of flamingo and pepper crodes in pepper of pies
Be sure and check out the new Oriental chicken salad too when you go for your feast at the emerald coast
The except reservations take on a living available to call 954
5723822
954 5723822 why not take the whole gang this weekend for a memorable feast of the emerald coast Chinese buffet
We're supporting you five six you a yeah god Neil
The Middle Eastern world
We'll be exploded to dumb at people kill with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation
And the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea
The nooks there toe to man the right wing
Is really it over and over and to our head
I'm dying on the gas
Of
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
Hey, there's oil to be counted going after sent down to plain kato summer
There's no longer mention of the name in laudist but no one seemed concerned all
I'm being complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation
And the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads
That I ragged and some weapons of mass destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now
Not the ascrop is saying I have nothing to hide tables
Packers all our sails line obedient cattle don't have any reservations
Thou don't provoke battle and world annihilation
Old machines must fall in haliburgeon and stoke with no objection at all
Democraft don't have the ball and the right wing
Is really it over and over and to our parade was
I rack has
The
That's
20 past 10 to 560 WQ out here's the fact that says
Anybody who says I'll be honest with you ain't to honest
I'll be honest with you we got that down also hey bro
Now she I'm not interested in look on your face because I find it absolutely tragic
They've been saying hey bro for longer than you've been alive. I know get some my nerves
That's just it. I just get some my nerves everybody is bro or I'll tell you another one
Dude
Yeah, dude get that honor just a one word dude not
What not dude not no dude ranch not not
Okay
Pretty interesting not
Okay, so the list I'm gonna read the whole list because otherwise this is pretty interesting fact
Did you know they rescue Jessica Lynch?
In fact, it says the media found her fifth cousin in northwestern Canada asked him what he thought of the rescue he was overwhelmed
We love you Jessica. Okay, but let's cut the crap a little bit of overkill. Oh, I'm sorry
Oh
Now this is a good fact, but we're not putting any of the protruding this down, but it's cute
It says phrase live and local except when heels in Toronto when hangs in Vegas when ESPN program is the unaccepted auto town ball game
Live welcome live
Vaseball phrases that have been banned during wartime twin killing for double play
Vombed
As in the marlin's pitching staff or sheld and blast for a home run can't say these things
All you can say is up up and away
And maybe he's getting ready to do Superman
Dave Van Hornie with a bad with the Dave Van boring with a real bad hair piece and the hot white to do Superman
He's gonna do Superman you're gonna get it up and they're gonna go away
Here's a fact from Henry who says he's he's just awful, you know
By the way, don't forget Dave Van boring. I'll be on this afternoon with the booster
And it'll be marlin's baseball of Q.I.M
Yeah, we're gonna go out and kick some fillies ass come on. Let's do it
Uh, here's what it says. I don't dare call uh, what is it?
BC what does that mean?
British Columbia because the last time you called me a punk and I'm up on me or you're a punk Henry that was probably about nine years ago
Henry's a little sensitive. Okay, I chased him away
I called him a punk about yeah, years ago, and he probably still has anyway. It says oh dog is in what's up dog? Yeah dog
I love that dog. I do love dogs but I don't like that expression and George is upset about that because he says that all the time
What
Nothing people calling up with stuff we already have in the list. We're just relax. What is why are you so uptight? Seriously?
Are you gonna get paid? Are you gonna get paid any more for getting aggravated by them? How many times
They've called with things that we've already got on our list. How many times they've called
About third man and the most annoying of it all it says two words
It's two words, but man does it suck to hear it?
We don't have put this one there, but I do like this president bush
Oh, that just sends me right to the bowl
Thanks Henry you're okay in our book and not a fuck anymore clearly
clearly
Yeah, that's okay, but does make the list. That's it's okay though. I don't want you to feel bad clearly is good
Uh, you're killing me in the Mickey Mouse voice
Hello Michael isor's office. Yeah, we got a new Mickey and isor by the way coming up momentarily
And the funny part about this whoever faxed this to me must be psychic
Because the bit is based around that you're killing me where he has it's good
Thank you Dennis. He also loves the comedy bits
If you have a 92 votes on that poll will leave that up there till 11 o'clock and then we'll put on this new one which we're building during the show now
What's your mindset
What's your mindset?
This is for our good friend Alan who's a regular fax about Alan you can't win every day
Don't get that
Yaddi yaddi yaddi
Who you're saying yes you want to put on yaddi yaddi yaddi
Okay, he's scrolling at yaddi three times yaddi yaddi yaddi
Oh my god, this is gonna be a long list. They're just gonna really get upset. Good. I mean
Uh, and whatnot
Yeah, that's a good one and whatnot not
No, that's not that's different and whatnot and whatnot
Okay, and whatnot only idiots say some of these things in real intellectual like like me. I don't be saying
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let me ask you. Actually. What's your mindset?
Whatever what's your take? What's your take?
Ha ha
Girlfriend what's your take girlfriend? You go girlfriend Angela Ray. She's the anti-Christ. Okay. I will never watch and I'm gonna
Stick with this one this time. This is a promise to myself. I will never watch channel four local news again
I will watch Dan rather every night because I do love Dan rather and spread what some of you idiots say but I like Dan
Rather like CBS even news
Yeah, but he's a liberal good. That's good. Maybe that's why I like Dan rather at least we don't get that right when you slant
I don't think we get any slant on CBS news. No, we just get the goddamn news
But channel four news and that's Angela Ray that's simple and correct
Don't you people a channel for to say the difference between a newscast and a goddamn pepper alley? No
No, I haven't really not that I wish you would have seen that you just would have been in disbelief
I mean she went on and on about Jessica and
How proud we are and how what a great role model she is and everybody else is so inspired
I guess you forgot about the 11 soldiers who didn't get out of that hospital the bodies they found it
And the seven who died and at the black hawk down and the helicopter. Yeah, but they weren't shot and the pilot that was
Well, the story keeps changed first of all they said that the the jet that was shot down was shot down by a
Patriot missile was friendly fire again now. They're saying the Iraqi shot it down. They don't know see
They don't want to say the Iraqis did anything. See right none of our people no
Well wouldn't it make more sense to say that the Iraqis that the
Republican Guard and the evil do or the the ponds of Sodom are the ones who are killing our troops wouldn't it be a little bit more
uh, absolutely no
But isn't the kind of embarrassing to say that we keep killing ourselves in a British with friendly firing at all of that's all dangerous
We are oh
They say that and then they will fear you right
God
104 votes on air 21 for pat you can a nice god Pat
21 I bet you buy newties guy third man
It's weak that noon to one hour and Wednesday get rid of it 110. I love it 109
It's
It's okay keep it 102 and I hate it 62
So the negative area like uh
Flailing
172 negative and 211 positive it's moved ahead by like 20 in the 39 votes
You know i'm a wizard on math. I mean if I if I knew anything it's useless, you know
Like it's a direct because that's a track math if I need to count at my winnings at the track
I would like to do in the second course. I don't have any
We're like to my all my big profits in a market that I made, you know, but I don't have any
But you can track can't you oh yeah
I just can't multiply
The 28th pass Jay. Yeah, that's right. Of course you can
Yeah, it's on me
28 past 10 at 560 WDQA. I'm happy Thursday to you. We got the Marlin game baby
We're just warming the audience up for that big Marlin game. Yeah
The marlins and they filthed off your fillies who are really damn good team by the way
And who kicks a marlin ass eight to five opening night Monday and last night eight to two
Little bit of a poultry crowd last night
Be real interesting to see is today's game televised. A lot of the afternoon games don't get televised
You yes or you don't know well, let me look
Let me look in the Harold sports section and by the way sports fans
Ray Whitney 52 assists. He's one of the league leaders in assist with Columbus
I just mentioned that three assists last night and Columbus the straight jackets now have 68 points
And your Florida Panthers 68 points each with two games remaining
The Columbus has six more wins though than the Panthers
So it's a good chance that Columbus will finish ahead and points at the Panthers
Which would make that draft pick a deal in the beginning of the in the last year's draft really
Cave right in on the Panther organization again. Wow
As Doug McLean may pull a wool over their eyes one more time
There's clearance out there don't look so happy anymore. I guess the beast is giving up on him
The beast is removed more fertile ground
What is he always all so he's gonna little sore
Given some KY and show him the way out the door. Oh, let's see the marlins is a game on TV today. Do we know?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Mr. Sports you're such a pot. You know what
God clearance. He knows it's gonna be on radio. That's all that matter. Oh, yeah
And your guy there is really boring by the way Dave hand boring. At least he lives up to his name. He is Ponderous
Up up in a way. Oh, it's on TV. You don't want to hear it on a radio. It's on TV
But what is that channels 35 and 67?
Well, what is that packs? Oh
I see. Well, thought I'm what why do they what is wrong with the hero? Don't they much of idiots or what?
Why don't they just put on packs TV because on my cable at 16 packs him
Mm-hmm. I guess in date county it's 35 and 30 something like that
So it is on TV soon. I have to listen to Dave and boring
But who's the guy that does the TV now for tomorrow? I have no idea what his name is
Ledden Casper Lynn Casper
He's a little weak too, you know, but it sure miss Joe Angel. You know what? Nice going Joe
You got out of this god for second town. You went to the world serious out there with a giant nice going baby
A good guy Joe Angel
In fact, you remember he made that comment. He didn't want to mention my name because he wanted to work again
But his last broadcast you see we want to take the thank the talk show pollsters and pundits remember that what took a poll on Joe Angel
Yeah
After they unceremoniously blew him out of here so they could make way for Dave O'Brien highly overrated generic Dave O'Brien
Dave O'Brien sounds like a weak boob shombie, you know
Hey, hi everybody. It's a little absurdity. I got that real happy. You know don't get me wrong
I love boob is a good guy even with orange hair
But tell him not to be so goddamn happy when you give up 16 runs in two games. You shouldn't be so happy, okay?
Tell him not to be quite so happy, okay? Boog just hold it out a little bit. You'll be all right
You see he smiles because he knows what I'm talking about. He knows exactly what I'm saying
That's why when he does a talk show. I mean you can get away with that on a ballgame
I guess but doing a talk show nobody wants you a happy talk show host. No, that's why we get these calls
That's why they call with his crap all the time. They want to make damn sure of it
We're happy though. We got a real good thing going and we got no spots grants to lay in the prone prone position back in the orifice
That must have been a real mess at the ballpark to them and not that we don't have enough problem
So the other teams now now she creates a problem with the marlins
You think the marlins would be glad that anybody would broadcast their stupid ass games, okay?
You think they'd kiss Greg Reid's ass to put that swill on the air
And then scurrand goes over there just when we thought we had it all patched up and puts out a grotesque
Luck in our sky box at the ballpark on Monday night
They had a pager husband and 15 paramedics to come to scrape her ass off the floor
And she's still out of it. She's still back there crawling around with what's his name?
29 till 11 at 5.60 WQAM
I just want to put a show on for a clearance put a smile on his face anyway
He looked a little bit depressed when he came in here. Maybe muff turned him down today
Here's some more great deals for you from Tom Laman and Joe Prieto and Haleth Pontiac GMC
Listen carefully put your rear and rear to the radio
Neil deal number one gets 0% financing for 60 months on every Pontiac or GMC in stock
Neil deal number two do a dose. It's fine
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock
That is correct. Your hearing isn't failing. You heard right. Get up to a
$4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock right now at Haleth Pontiac
And Neil deal number three trace as in trace that call
If you're currently a GM smart leaser smart by customer and grab a Chevy Blazer and old's
Bravada or GMC Jimmy buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get you an extra $1000 off the price
Stop by Helen Test Drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix too. Haleth Pontiac GMC
They're unbeatable. They've been around for over 35 years in the same great location
Making great deals and treating people right. You're at 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's US 1 across
From the falls open every day seven days a week. For all info on these great deals
Call the Neil deal hotline 1-885-3-4-4-4-2-11. That's 1-885-3-4-4-4-2-11. Don't forget all the
Neil deal something to quit an approval. See the uniform details. Haleth Pontiac GMC who be professional grain
Or a liver
Hello Michael Eichers office. Eisner. Yes sir. What the hell?
Call that finish it. What the hell? Are you doing to me? Are you doing to me? That's right.
What did I do now sir? Paglet's big movie. Yeah. I like piglets big piece of paint.
Oh what an amazing success. We're so proud of the animation in that.
Something finished seven flies there. Seven. You know how much money we spent on that runny little
Stuttering pig. I like 80 90 million dollars. 93 million dollars on pig win and open seven.
It's gonna take me nine months to make my freaking money back. But but but sir the animation is
All the animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about.
Hold on a minute. Oh yes sir. I got remits outside my
I know how I said. Okay.
Reveals. Yeah there you are. Reveals coming in. Yeah there you are. Stop
You're gathering remits.
What the hell are you doing? Putting in a drainage system up.
A drainage system. Yeah you know a system of artificial natural drains and ditches.
You know used to drain off the water. I know what a drainage system is.
Reveals. I don't need a drainage system in my office for heaven's sake. I don't even have a water pump.
Aye sir. Yes sir. Oh by the way I forgot that. How did the Oscars go?
Oh funny you should ask guys. No that's my next topic.
Was it an amazing time? What the hell? Go ahead finish it.
Are you doing that? Are you doing that?
Are you doing that? Put me on stake with Jennifer Garner from Alias.
Well we figured she's on ABC. I know what I figure I do it just for the hell that it be fun.
I figure I get a little action afterwards. You know what she says to me?
Why married? I can't do that. You're my boss. I don't want to go down that road.
Hang on a minute there's an explosion in my office.
Reveals.
Reveals. Reveals. It's like I'm wrecked.
What the hell are you doing to me? That's right through the wall boss.
Reveals stop blasting through my walls. I'm trying to have a phone conversation with my
pups president. Get away from me. Reveals. Just think like.
Go.
Hi sir.
Yes sir.
What the hell?
Are you doing to me?
Are you doing to me?
But we'll all say how did it go with Jennifer?
It didn't I sir. I got nothing. Nothing. Nothing.
You wouldn't give me a hand.
Well so you are married man.
I know what. Just sound like mini.
I went home she said oh I saw you on stage with Jennifer.
Go ahead if you love me so much water come out of here.
I said I don't want to marry her mini.
I just want to.
Bring it back. Come on.
Reveals.
What are you doing?
I'm getting a crew boss.
I'll get your crew water here.
I'm here.
Yes.
What the hell?
Are you doing?
Are you doing to me?
Thank you.
23 to 11 at 560 WQM.
Here's what it says for your next pool.
This says the major pool.
Your big pool.
How about the um team time?
What are my all time worst phrases?
It's an um team time?
No.
Thank you Richard.
Oh that export opportunity.
Vanger still listening after all these years.
Thank you Richard.
Don't feel bad because we didn't put your thing on the list.
If I told you once it's the um team time I've told you.
How about yeah this has got to be on there.
Even though they're probably good confused with the other one.
How about was that dog?
And that's supposed to just plain.
Duh.
It's blows.
It's just pulling back.
It's pulling back.
It's pulling back.
It's pulling back.
It's pulling back.
It's pulling back.
It's pulling back.
The power of Moe compelled it.
And it just came back.
457 votes on air.
Say I wasn't too bad.
We can handle that.
Once a year we can handle that.
That's it.
That's your quota.
Piece of crap.
What's your take on Niels Wednesday noon in one comedy.
But it's our 457 votes.
That's pretty heavy duty in them when we start there.
About 930.
Anyway I love it 122.
It's weekend.
We're about 122.
It's okay.
Keep it 117.
I hate it.
65 and I voted for Pat Buchanan.
Look at that.
We were absolutely right when we said 31.
So let's see the positive ones.
I love it and it's okay.
It's 239.
And the negative ones is 187.
So 13 and 39 is like 52.
Okay we can get that off of there now.
What are you smiling about?
They're never going to catch up unless they want to
free it again like the yesterday's pool.
This morning I'm sure love to know who that was this morning.
Just really heavy duty pouring in the anti-neil votes.
You know see I mean you know we try to be fair on a show at
least a little bit anyway or at least pretend to be.
And you know put our Oars our Ossah on there.
Put our own names on there.
You want to take a little shot.
You don't like what we're saying about the war.
Which we don't care.
For more than 60 years,
Marines have gone forth
from camp was soon
to find our country's battles.
Who are?
So anyway so that way it means we can continue with the
new one hour Wednesday.
Huh?
Maybe we'll do it like from 1222
to 1257.
I.
Or maybe like 121730.
I apologize yesterday for getting out of here too soon
but the clock was screwed up and we're still trying to figure out how that
happened all by itself.
Right.
How does the clock go fast?
Correct.
It's not a fast clock.
Although once upon a time that I've attended this story when I was a kid
in Brighton in Rochester, New York in Brighton.
And one day I come home from school it's like uh
remember like it was yesterday.
That's a hundred years ago.
And I'm in the kitchen with my mother.
And the clock on the wall in the kitchen the electric clock
started going the wrong way.
Ooh.
So you're looking at me.
I don't know what to love this too.
Right.
Get it back on here for a while.
The second hand started going
counterclockwise.
And then the minute hand was also going counterclockwise.
It's as if we were in the time tunnel with James Deren.
Yeah exactly.
The clock was moving back.
Now I've heard of I think they exist.
Those self-adjusting
clock.
No.
Now this is self-adjusting clock.
This was like a five dollar clock from a hundred years ago.
You're thinking like the atomic clock that corrected itself at the top of the hour.
Yeah.
Man, oh man, you must be dreaming.
You must be off your rocker.
Hickory, dickory duck.
I was watching a hands on a clock.
And they were moving backwards.
3rd man.
Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5
60.
See, you were fascinated by that.
It's a true story.
I don't know what I guess.
I unplugged it and plugged it back in and it was okay.
Huh?
Strange.
Oh, I never got to these faxes.
Jesus Christ.
Phil Henry has been brainwashed by his wife
who's a right wing bitch, Aula, and Coltory.
She'll go back to smoking weed and dating black woman.
It says there's an excellent facts.
How do you like that?
So Phil's wife is a right wing bitch.
And she's brainwashed him and that's why all of a sudden
he's taken on his ultra right wing persona
which totally flies in the face of everything we knew and loved.
Are you sure?
How do you like that?
Here's the other facts.
I forgot these.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Aren't I sorry?
No.
But it sounds very sincere.
It says, man, if you don't like bushes,
ask like all these spicks in this town,
I guess that makes you evil.
This country has never been more divided
and it will get worse.
I'm a Vietnam veteran still having enough sense to see
that this war is wrong.
Keep it up, Neil.
Mike, thank you, Mike.
I'm like,
loving kisses, Mike, kind of boy.
I'll tolerate you later.
I'll tolerate you later.
This phrase, effing sucks.
What you're right about that, but we never heard it.
At the end of the day, oh yeah, you know who likes to say that?
Who?
Bill Tanner.
What?
Yeah, he at the end of the day,
drive so late.
Gay.
Flee at the end of the day.
We got to put that on.
Nah.
Let's see.
And that's also from Carolyn.
Thank you, Carolyn.
Got game.
As in he's got, he's got game.
What?
It's a sports term.
I know, I know, I know, I know my sports, Mr.
I never heard of it.
All right.
I know my sports cashing out going damn T.
I could have, I could have done circles around Mo Howard, David
on any, any play by play.
I just want to mention that again because I would like to dance on his grave.
Side by each.
Oh, and it says, what the hell is that?
That's a Canadian thing, eh?
Side by each.
You use that all the time.
It's as a joke.
Right.
Because Frank Sileve was probably the best race collar in the North
America, at least harness racing anyway.
Frank Sileve at the Woodbine in Mohawk and Toronto.
Remember that I put the audio on for my digital cable?
Right.
They were replaying the races from night before.
Well, Frank Sileve will say occasionally he'll say that side by each.
I don't, that's a Canadian thing.
It's funny.
Instead of saying side by each.
Let's remember that song side by each.
Oh.
Oh, let's see.
Judy says the phrase that bugs me the most is sorry about that and have a nice day.
They say that even when it's a nightmare.
Who says sorry about that besides Maxwell smart?
Are you back in a time or retro that retro?
Retread that retro mine state?
He's back in the 50s with Bokobryon.
Maxwell smart.
Now, thanks, Judy, but I don't think so.
Or God game.
I don't know what a, in fact, the side by each to me makes a lot more sense than he got game.
I don't know what that is.
But small ball.
Oh, I'd like to find who would have however invented that piece of crap.
Small ball.
I had a friend who had a small ball.
One?
One.
Well, he had two, but one of them was small.
Oh, I had a friend once who had a large ball.
Really?
Yeah.
One regular size or one in order.
Elephant kind of like it.
Required some kind of a procedure.
I tried.
Anyway, here's one that says good morning, Neil.
And George likes to share my phrases.
Friendly fire.
Oh, I like that.
I like that very timely, by the way.
Friendly fire.
Are you keeping track of all of these or what?
By the way, some important stuff going on.
That's enough George.
Al Presidente is speaking in front of me.
Oh, and somebody also had faxed me about
her husband, the insisted that he never spoke with the military outfit on.
Here it is.
And we saw it, don't you remember?
Sure.
Last week George mentioned the scene George addressed the troop stress and fatigue.
I saw that as well.
When I told my husband, he said Bush would never do that because he never served in a military.
Well, he was, well, he supposedly served in a military.
We were in a jacket with all of the insignia patches.
You can't understand George or what?
No, she says George is right.
You're right Betsy.
Please keep up the articles.
They're great.
You're the only honest voice out there.
We appreciate it.
Thank you, Betsy.
And you were right.
Your husband's full of crap.
As usual, I'm sure yours do it.
Friendly fire.
Oh, and my nigger.
Yeah.
Can we put that on there?
Or my nigger dog?
No.
No, I'm just saying my nigger.
Okay.
Can I actually,
no, that's not a phrase.
That's just robbing popular beats.
That's just illiteracy, Rob.
Can I ask you a question?
It's illiteracy.
George says a lot of recon say that.
They do?
Yeah, they do.
Why is that?
I don't want to know.
What is this?
More terror attacks are imminent wake up America before it's too late.
Please make copies of this flyer in the video.
I'll pass it on email it to everybody.
What the hell is this?
Unless we take a stand and get the message out of this,
that our government presidents behind these terror attacks
and yada yada yada.
Oh, brother.
Man.
Good luck, you sir.
You'll need it.
Here's one that says,
please take the time to check.
And it's got a website.
Thank you.
Developed by Lake Superior State University containing words and phrases
that they want banished from the English language.
They take nominations and publish a yearly list of banned words and phrases.
It's in line with expression to you and what today.
Most sucks in every major way says,
Patrick, get him off the air and bring back D-fo.
Of course, what can we say about that besides?
All right.
PS, one of my favorites is when an airplane is about to appear for landing.
They make an announcement to the effect that we are about to make our initial landing.
No, that's not what they say, Patrick.
They say we're making our initial approach into the Miami area.
Initial, my ass, how many landings does a plane make?
I've never heard them say that.
So maybe they're just a stone, Patrick.
They say we're making our initial approach.
Which means you're starting to descend is what it means.
I know my flyen, man.
Believe me, I've traveled a few flights in my time.
And of course, when that starts, your ears start popping a little bit.
Yeah.
And you hope that they stay in the popped open position.
I'm trying to figure out if my left ear is actually open or closed.
I think it's been closed for so long,
and I'm just used to it.
You know what I mean?
You don't shoot gum as a rule, do you know?
I'm bigger part than you.
I tried that.
It doesn't work.
I tried that.
That's your good list.
Pretty good stuff though.
What is it?
What kind of going to not try it and try it and it's awful?
It begins with the EEX.
It puts what is that stuff?
Extra.
Is that what it is?
Oh, that's good.
Of course, my problem is I'll chew the whole pack.
Just like when I was a kid and used to get baseball cards,
and they all had the real, the flat slabs of gum that were like the coated white powdered sugar.
I mean, just right nasty, nasty.
The cheapest gum.
Hardest metal.
Right, and you felt obligated because you were divided like a die-mm-fak
for a pay baseball card.
You felt obligated to chew the gum.
You used to have thrown it out.
So you'd wind up with a whole mouthful of it.
No.
It's awful nasty.
Right?
You use felt obligated because you were spent like a die-mm-fak
for a pay baseball card.
You felt obligated to chew the gum.
You used refill the gum and throw it out.
So you'd wind up with a whole mouthful of it.
No, this awful nasty.
the
kind of like to an unsteal cotton candy.
All the way, do like cotton candy.
Do you have many years since I've had cotton candy?
I sure cotton to have some of them.
Been there buns?
Are they going to put a press release out when they actually add in their...
No, they're just going to surprise you.
Sneak up on you.
How about shocking awe?
Somebody says.
We only heard that this one time and it was once too many.
I guess the enemy.
Him?
Army Marine Divisions.
Engaging the enemy.
Yeah, I just keep saying it over and over again.
Yeah, this is cute.
It's about the boy saying how I'm Blair.
What proof do you have the Iraq has weapons of mass destruction?
We kept the receipts.
By the way, Tony Blair says that it will be the Iraqi people that are going to run their government once this conflict is over.
He said there is no way that it ought to be Americans or British people.
And of course, as you know,
isn't it on today's bedtime stories that what about the right wing general,
the good friend of Bush and the Orlando guy?
The Orlando guy.
Yeah, it's in one of the stories.
I mean, that's not the specific story, but it's in there.
So read all the bedtime stories from Pillar to Post.
The occupational governor?
Yeah, the occupational dictator.
I mean, whatever he's going to be.
Yes, of our puppet Iraq.
Well, it was in there.
Whatever. Just don't start getting picky.
When you've got 6,000 stories, how not going to roll far like me keep them straight?
And straight into my vocabulary anyway. So just cut the crap.
Well, I have this friend of mine.
If it's a friend, it's a friend of yours, you idiot. Not a friend of mine.
I have this friend of mine, but that's... I don't know if anybody said it.
No, George don't like that one.
Don't take it personal. George don't like it. He's a hard-ass.
He's an old dog.
The mad dog. The big dog. The little dog. The crazy dog. The dog pound.
And that's a sports thing, too, besides being a punk thing.
It's also, of course, a sports thing, all the macho guys.
Every sports guy's got to be the dog.
As opposed to... we only have one guy who needs the dog.
And that's the hammer.
You know what I'm saying?
I've known Hank for about 100 years and quite I've said this before.
And it's not a knock, but I never quite frankly thought of Hank as the hammer.
You know what I mean?
That's why I call him the Humper.
Because it seems...
Trafe.
But everybody else is a dog.
Right. You know what I mean?
In fact, if you ever heard our morning show.
Anyway, here's the fact that this is...
If you noticed a recent directive from someone that I'll journalist now refer to homicide bombers in place of suicide bombers.
Humicide bombers.
Some people...
That started a few months ago.
Because the president decided that they should be called a homicomical bombers.
The citizens of Iraq are coming to know what kind of people we have sent to liberate them.
Oh no!
Yeah.
Not the ones who blew the heads off those little girls.
He's starting up again.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Not the ones who are dropping these gigantic bombs and the dropping bombs on maternity wards and things like that.
And it says, what about that journalistic term, went missing?
As a child disappears and reappears, the child is declared as a went missing child.
Kind of like, really a Wilson.
Anybody seen her lately?
No. She went missing.
No, that's okay, but it's not true.
I mean, the list will be too lengthy if we have 50,000 them on there.
But you keep working on it.
Oh, look at that. Eric's already got him a going on there.
He's already building a list.
Thank God we got the internet back.
What are you looking at me like that for?
What are you giving me an evil-doer look?
Carlos.
America.
Oh, the phrase that bugs me the most on this fact, Judy says.
Sorry, oh, I already did this.
Sorry, Judy.
I don't want to embarrass you twice.
Couple for the pool from John in Port Saint-Lucy.
Friendly fire got it.
And I guess the two little girls' heads qualify as collateral damage.
Oh, yeah.
That's a good one, man.
That's a good one, John.
Collateral damage.
Remember what Tim McVeigh said,
but all those people he blew up making his statement.
Acceptable collateral damage.
It says from John,
there was a talking head on CNN today.
We'll take over the oil fields, but only until the war and reconstruction are paid for.
We don't want to make a profit.
I guess you forgot to clear a statement with Halliburton and with Dick Cheney.
And all the other Dickson and White House.
Right.
Oh, and the Ukraine.
Did you see that?
Now they want in.
There was a story on MSNBC if they have almost plots in my pants about the Ukrainians.
They want in because they've got, they want to get on the oil deals.
They want to slice.
They've got all these, yeah, they want to get the oil deal going.
Let's see, diddo, diddo, diddo.
Did we do that?
We did yada, yada, yada.
The only people say diddo, diddo, diddo.
Or a limbal crowd that diddo heads.
We don't associate with them, so thank you, but no thanks.
Diddo, diddo.
For the list, awesome.
We already got that.
Got awesome.
Oh, man.
What an undertaking.
As they say at Lithgow.
A couple of more letters from the Aheraldis morning.
From Christine Marquette since you just talked about Halliburton.
It says, on March 25th it was revealed that Halliburton, which Dick Cheney headed before we coming vice president,
was given the contract to work on the oil fields in Iraq.
Have Americans become so brainwashed that political corruption doesn't matter?
Yes.
The people who believe this war is about power, money, and oil are only having their beliefs confirmed.
How many more arrogant violations of the public trust is going to take before everyone understands that they've been had?
How many more is it going to take?
About 30 minutes.
Just Christine and for Lauderdale.
Right on, Christine, I'm going to sweetheart.
Good letters, see.
Maybe I had a little bit of impact after those three obnoxious letters.
About protesting the protesters.
After I read those on you last Friday, I want to take a little credit for them.
Having a little bit of impact, probably not.
I will take credit anyway.
You go, girl.
Okay.
1058 at 560 WQAM.
Ciao, Aaron's coming.
I'm going to take a little credit for them.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
I'm going to sweetheart.
We'll be restored once Shnity be restored once Shny day."
Skillful peopleists.
SP JYE
The Bush talked tell them to dissolve their sows
with a ball that by death
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQM the extended
the Alice at Dolphin, Marlon pregame show.
Well the dolphins have a forearm pregame show,
why can't the Marlon's right?
Sure, why not?
What's the difference between one big fish and another one?
Except of course the Marlon's have balls.
Here's the facts, very good point by the way in this fact is,
is how can they keep the SARS cases in Florida confidential?
I saw that on the news yesterday and I thought to myself,
why can't you tell us where these two people are?
Another three by the way.
Why can't you tell us where these two people are?
Everybody else like in Toronto,
they tell you like at Scarborough Hospital in Yorkville Hospital
and in this neighborhood and where, and where we're going to hell else.
And every place else in the world about that apartment building in Hong Kong
where most of it broke out in the hotel.
How come in Florida, well, confidentiality we,
of course the public wants to know what parts of the state
these are cases came out.
It says a coworker of mine is out sick with similar symptoms here.
Oh, I don't want to get you nervous if a coworker uses out.
I'd be real nervous if I were you.
Not nice.
97 to 98% survival rate by the way,
the only people who've died from SARS are people like mostly elderly.
There's been one guy who was 44,
but mostly elderly people who've had other serious health problems.
You follow what I'm saying?
In fact, the survival rate on SARS is much better than pneumonia.
So don't get all panicky, okay?
We got enough other things to get panicky about.
The truth is you just heard it.
Like that president we just saw on air speaking.
I'm fixing to do whatever.
So Jack, I'm fixing to Southern term.
I'm fixing to go and take a good dump.
I'm fixing to call Gilbert back and bus does hate it.
Good, I'm fixing to like go in to take the states attorney there
and just stick his foot up Gilbert's ass.
By the way, what's Gilbert's fax number?
And he's lonely today, is that what you're telling me?
Yeah.
What the hell is the word I do with it?
What word I do with it?
305.
I don't got it.
You got it?
I got it.
You don't got it?
Who's got it?
388.
305, 388.
3252 this time.
3252 is this a different number?
Oh, let's give it again slowly then.
One, 305.
I mean 305.
388.
3252.
3252.
The anxious Gilbert calling into using obscenities on the phone.
Jackass, Simpleton, Retardo, Misfit, Scumbag.
How long is it going to take?
Will this radio station, I mean clearance?
We do him a big favor, he came in here and asked a little bit of a favor,
we took care of it, didn't we?
Yes.
Do us a favor, okay?
Go get this guy and time.
I'll put a guy to put some duct tape on his push.
There you go.
Oh, that's an excellent idea.
All you people wondering what you're going to do with your leftover duct tape,
the Tom Ridge, Tuddy DeGroatin, Vi with your vis queen.
The pool, what does it say the pool is down again?
What is he doing?
What is this man doing?
Our thing is working on his end.
What is with Eric?
Maybe he just means, I don't know what he's doing.
That makes a bunch of us.
Because I already voted.
There were a few smattering of votes starting on there.
What, where did the beener boy go?
Is he taking a dump or something?
I don't know.
See that?
Again, just mention the name and he flew in the door.
Hi psychic powers.
I'm going to go home and start my own psychic network.
Screwed him as Leo bitch, okay?
Screwed him as Leo.
We'll get you a crystal ball.
I got crystal balls.
Go with your small ball.
In fact, that's our new slogan here, QA.
And we got crystal balls, baby.
And Donna Shalayla into happy about it.
Here's Pembroke Park.
Hello.
Hey, New York.
All right.
The one that annoys me the most is if you're going to talk to talk,
you better walk the walk.
Yeah.
And that one annoys me the most.
Okay.
Thank you.
And don't forget if you're going to walk the walk.
Walk the plank.
I mean, that's okay, but it's not.
It doesn't make the list.
I guess I'm going to clarify.
The pull is down.
He puts in.
Now, what is he trying to convey to me?
What is he trying to say?
In other words, the pull is down.
In other words, he's still building it or he's got a problem.
What's the story up there?
I don't know.
Is he having a problem with lunch?
Is he having a problem with lunch again?
That's the intermediate.
Is his lunch down?
Let me be down his pants.
Are you the three of you going to start again?
Because I'm going to get a little one.
Here's the one.
If you and Eric and Carlos start that damn three way of crap starting
and anything but you.
What do you mean by that?
I just asked a simple question.
And we're trying to answer you and you're just busting Eric's chops.
Well, I'm trying to answer you.
Are you defending Eric now?
No.
That will never happen.
No.
By the way, this article by Robert Fisk,
a male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male male
how about that video we got on there I tried that didn't work yesterday if you've done something since yesterday that's gonna make that work on it I'm telling you right now it's not gonna work pictures of the winner now that's that's not it I don't want to see the lifestyles contest again okay great nice seeing you guys again no that's not what I want you know we got so much stuff on his website my god it's a busy place and we got all the great cartoons on there anybody that doesn't go to our website is some kind of a schmuck or they don't have a computer go steal one
under the cartoons should be the thing right
factoids there's no one supposed to go
altowids factoids altowids okay there he is watch the video now in real time right okay okay I'm clicking it on here
open it up okay
okay
windows has the following information about this file type this page will help you find software needed to open your file cancel that
putting orders over here you can't cancel it there's no place to cancel it you idiot
play a kneel a noise for kneels noises okay home page here we go sorry for the
interruption folks we're just trying to see if Carlos really did get this thing straight now which I doubt
I don't think we got any audio have you actually listened to audio from this thing
floor crap lies man he just lies okay what are we gonna play
to play mp3 files install one of the following players oh my god wave wave files
why instead of mp3 play a way file
what are you talking about I don't know what you're looking at so i'm just uh
repeating i'm looking at kneels noises and it's got the best of kneel we've got sounds yada yada yada
yada type in a year and then press search when you give me something i with a show on
he goes to one o'clock god damn what is wrong with you
Jesus Christ and Joseph and Mary and Abraham and Saul and uh michael more
i'm waiting over here you're waving well what is he doing now like
hey he knows what he's doing yeah he knows what he's doing and so do i's screwing around nothing
if it's this easy to hear a sound here we go oh that was me literally
there you go playing bad pipes okay here we go click it yes it's coming in a second you hear it
kill that damn uh rabbi Shankar stuff here we go you hear it
hey oh what it left us a pot wide open that's always that pot the computer the audio coming
from the computer has always been well that's not true i don't you remember all the stuff i played from
uh oh you sound like a mutant no well that's that's because the pot my my my my my get shut off i
didn't do that's our that is strange it's uh not good not good don't you remember i played all the
the radio stations stuff it sounded great all the old uh jingles and the old radio stuff let's blame
Carlos god all like i said our website needs a lot of work what is it it's a setting on the computer
or something i'm sure so glad i wasted all that time sorry folks apologize this is a little
beater boy he's under a lot of stress too many arguments with Eric jannon john and missy who
the hell is john and missy say that we're amazing about ten million times the show what what show is
that it's the show i obviously don't watch and either do you you mean john and missy huh how about
oh oh oh john rivers and um her uh militia militia amazing well we don't care about that you're old meat
john let's see a rapper's favorite term repeated over and over again you know what i'm saying you know
i'm saying you know i'm saying it can be heard on the ricky lake or jennie john show you know i'm
saying well we already got that you know i'm saying that's a rapper's favorite term okay i eat i
guess i don't know five six seven oh five sixty well how's it going so far which of these phrases
are expressions bugs you the most how is it going weapons of mass destruction twenty eight you go
girlfriend twenty sixty anxious opus is that all the time she's the one i think we invented that
that crazy bitch that no talent opera you know what i'm saying sixteen what's your take fifteen
should be doing better than that shouldn't yeah whatever what's your take don't even go there twelve
my bad and my nigger each have eleven embedded yada yada yada each have nine you know you know
only got eight closure six was up dog five collateral damage five keep in mind by the way that these
are phrases that annoy all of us so stop saying them you know uh now what dog now see what did he do
here Eric what did you do dog four was up for word for i'll be honest with you for
dude for an arrest of our small potatoes that's how it's starting out with a couple hundred votes
just get and go on got it i piece out oh i got a really good i just snort a little bit a little
bit that's funny and a quindland from a newsweek this week not so safe back home i may actually read
this you know how terrible that women who face sexual assault as the price of war too often
expect to face it from their compatriots in peacetime she says when the news broke that the rape
of female cadets had become nearly as commonplace at the Air Force Academy as midterms or maneuvers
it came as a shock to most Americans accustomed to thinking of the service colleges as bastions
of the very best but for those familiar with sexual assault in the military and the role of women
in the armed forces the horrifying stories had an inevitable tinge of the same old same old
and the administration reaction of distress and the determination to make things right
had the set of both hyperbole and hypocrisy these are there are surely soldiers who think that
this moment with soldiers in the Iraqi desert and internationally unpopular war being waged by the
u.s. may not be the best time to talk about the institutionalized prejudice in the nation's
fighting forces but it is exactly the right times as anna in times of peace the powers that be
may conveniently forget how many women there are now on the battlefield how hard they work and how
well they perform like Jessica right military leaders may forget that if the number of women
willing to win list drops significantly the ability of women to defend itself will drop
significantly too and they may forget how terrible it is that women who must face sexual assault
from the enemy as the price of war to often expect to face it from their compatriots in peace time
as a colonel in the Air Force whose daughter says she was attacked by a fellow cadet told the
New York Times she knew she could have been captured by an enemy raped and pillaged in war she
did not expect to be raped and pillaged at the U.S. Air Force Academy in fact no soldiers
should expect to be assaulted by another without significant consequences yet that's what's
happened those who've always been hostile to female soldiers say that this is inevitable given
the atmosphere of spree with which women interfere given about that machismo that's essential for
trained fighting forces this is insulting the male soldiers the suggestion is that they're
always one beer away from a sexual assault no more able to control their violent impulses than
an attack dog the truth is quite different sexual trauma has reached epidemic proportions for
women in the military with numbers twice as high as in the civilian population according to
a Department of Defense study because it can the offense is not adequately investigated or punished
and the authority sent down the word by the response in their non-response sit down and shut up
this is not only morally wrong it'll inevitably weaken the country's fighting forces if the word
is out that as one young woman is suggested an institution like the Academy is a place where
being sexually assaulted is taken for granted women of intelligence and ambition will look elsewhere
the Pentagon is announced that the top officials of the Air Force Academy will be replaced in an
effort to change the school's culture but it's the broader military culture that needs to change
where women are concerned they know that there's already a khaki ceiling the latter to the top
jobs has to include combat positions it women are still formally prohibited for most combat units
this although the lines between deployments is so thin as to be super in my permeable
what do I say semi-permeable got it show shanard johnson now a prisoner of war was sent to a
rack as a cook that was the black guy young lead that we saw with the other prisoners the group
that lobbied for a change in the combat band the defense advisory committee on women and the
services has been weakened by the Bush administration swayed by conservative critics who howled
about its feminist agenda among the new female forces in the Pentagon is one former master sergeant
who opposes women in combat because women enjoy being protected by men she says that the skills
needed for fighting artists survived to escape any aid adding clearly women don't have those as a
rule actually it sounds as if those are exactly the skills women have had to acquire defend off
sexual abuse and harassment by their colleagues many of them have listened with bitterness when the
president announcing the start of this war promised the Iraqi people they would be free from rape
rooms given the fact that for some of them the rape rooms have been back in their own barracks
as their sisters did in deserts store many will return from the middle east having served in
combat despite the ban with an official wink and a nod maybe it's the same wink and a nod you
get after you've been pinned down and penetrated by a fellow cadet the one that says you have to go
along to get along if this is a nation that uses female soldiers to defend us but is unwilling to
defend them in turn the numbers of ambitious women in the service made dwindle that'll satisfy
those who hanker for old traditional sex roles it'll also mean a fighting force that has lost
its very best prospects who could blame them sacrificing your life for your country is one thing
sacrificing your body for bureaucratic convenience and anti-deluvian attitudes is something else
anti-deluvian to one of those great words right i was doing so well till we got to that
when you get the picture and a quinoa in this week's newsweek pretty ugly picture
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line here's
my knee beat cello hey how are you now hey sir i have one for you it's not really overused yet
but it's going to be uh norm burgers for losers i beg your pardon at norm burgers
you have an idea you're talking about some schmuck we have no idea who he's talking about
away he's doing a show for somebody of his vector for his boyfriend i think he said norm burger
you're in burgers for losers well what does that mean i don't know that's kind of a chemler
uh what does that supposed to mean sir you understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone
here's Miami hello yes sir i got news for you see so the disease is getting out of prison
who you remember see so the disease sees so lesal seesol kukur Collins yeah yeah he's getting new
driving am i supposed to be happy about that well that's your buddy that's your buddy that's your
buddy that's my buddy Cecil's your dog that's my dog yeah he mind dog okay all right i put the
adraps up over the windows okay that's your home okay home all that's your home all
i didn't even know he was in the who's got it did you Cecil you did i forgot about him small
potatoes we'll play Cecil's lamenting honor with that momentarily five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the eight t and t and the Verizon wireless line weapons of mass destruction
has got thirty two and you go girlfriend thirty one and they're way ahead of the pack
what's your take is only got seventeen so let me ask you what's your take on that marlin
game the afternoon this afternoon huh reminds me of all those clowns that call up Hank and destroy
his show and turn it into a gambling show uh Hank what's your take on that dolphin the Patriots
game this weekend what do they think they can now cover the spread you know i mean cut their crap
i've been telling Hank for years you ought to put out a you know on a newsletter and charge
for it you could do it right on the website thanks picks everybody else does it instead of letting
those jackasses those greedy selfish idiotic morons who bet on sports instead letting them
just destroy his program for their own fun and hopefully profit even though they probably lose
their ass see that's one thing about people who are compulsive gamblers almost all of them lose
their ass but they're always in denial always in denial
been used as hostages i mean these four people they had to answer these days of terror only
be pulled back what's most interesting john is that as i moved out here along the road
that i get what had changed all the way along just miles and miles and miles of people happy
rely on a high right here this go go USA yeah now there's no Marines or soldiers making them do
this is no one driving months this great there's a real feeling here that they've gotten rid of
the bad guys that is Marines have gone into town they've taken out the bad party members and the
talents people have helped them they said there's the bad party he's a bad guy they've taken them out
one by one arrested the made the person is a war and it is really like for what i'm saying
like a pet growl for you for what i'm saying like a true liberation movement liberation by
elimination they made your move in USA USA come on let's hear us now we're talking
Bob Arden on MSNBC says they love us now they're bringing us flowers they must have liked those
cluster bombs huh maybe they'd like the pecan clusters better hmm i do like those here's Miami hello
hello yes sir hey you know first of all i like these uh congratulations i think uh you're one
of the very few voices of descent that we've been having around yes sir and uh you've been
doing a tremendous job yes i have uh one one phrase that uh it seems absurd to me it's
operation Iraqi freedom yeah i'm not just that's awful that's just like plain uh like almost
worth of a pinot cue i would say i mean how come we never cared about whether these people were
free or not before how come we never cared when he was poisoning the Kurds with a gas we never
cared about it then how come we never cared about the uh the uh taliban until all of a sudden 9-11
we didn't care about what they did to the women or the men or anybody else and now it's operation
Iraqi freedom you have to be a moron to believe that the purpose of this is to free the Iraqi people
from oppression absolutely you have to be an imbecile to believe that especially when you know we
put for them saying there we do the weapons that's right and you know what the fact is you know you
you have the song ashamed to be an American yes the fact is that we should have been ashamed of being
American's a long time ago for yet now for Panama for Grenada for a bunch of other places where
and for the middle east right and we deposed we deposed democratically elected leaders we
dictate a shift that tortured people don't forget about chili while you're at it by me oh my
goodness argentina and what about the constant support of designees israel that's who you know
they they ran it through over kids the other day i saw a video on tv some some children were
demonstrating about four p's yeah but you gotta understand that area shiro and the people
surround this president are all cut out of the same cloth i agree totally they're in bed together
they're embedded together you know it's it's it's pretty sad that you know in this day and age it
seems like we're getting worse and then let's not forget about what's going on in this country you
know like the black you say you know propaganda works extremely well because a lot of people are
just like you know they they're wet the flag in front of them well how about what you just heard
from bob arnith there i mean you talk about propaganda that wasn't news reporting that was just
a uh... pepper alley he just had on the around the tv absolutely you know it's
propaganda especially if you really look at it it's all made by made by this made phrase like
support our troops what the hell does that mean you know i support our troops i want to back by
a midnight i want everyone back by the state of the sound and let them live their lives but i
don't know that that's that's pretty realistic and i think you know uh... we have a history of
going around in china's course uh... people who cannot fight back and uh... and you know then
we're supposed to be accepted as liberators and people are actually surprised that someone is
is fighting for their country back down in the country and i don't remember the liberation of
Poland and liberation check is the liberation of austria same liberation and i think you know
we have to be extremely careful on the day trying to send them absolutely they trying to pass this
picture act number two here and uh... i think uh... you know we're getting closer and closer to
this kind of regimes and people just can't seem to understand it always say well if you have
nothing to hide you shouldn't worry about it but i think that it's very very clear to me that uh... the
bill of rights is being trashed and our constitution is being trashed uh... just you know so that they can
have their cake and eat it too it's really not clear i don't really think that we've been in in a
great danger of a terrorist attack i think i think that the government has an interest those
caring people uh... so that they can carry on with their uh... agenda absolutely the plan of
conquering the other agenda which was written by the was actually put in writing long before there
was a brand new eleven absolutely yeah i'll come on the plan of of Afghanistan was already in place
way before nine eleven yeah this war was way in place way before then i mean uh... you know there
is a count of of of of the way they let this thing happen you know most i had informed uh... you know
the c a and the president that this would have happened they just deliberately let it happen they
needed an excuse let's let's face it you know we got an excuse how you gonna tell your people we're
gonna go bomb the rest of the world okay got around my thanks
closure we got ready got closure on it but here's another one late breaking news how about
this breaking news uh... sure sure what i agree every time you turn on one of the
any of the always break the news and then they got some crap on the effort like five hours before
fifty times by the way Jessica's okay they saved her is that breaking news mic oxlong hates
about a being about a boom which you can we can thank you in your soprano show from bringing
that back and uh... donny brasco which is still having seen oh you know something donny brasco i'm
trying to think that i see that the dbd in my bbd's dbd that i see johnny death in his bbd's i would like to
but anyway i think i saw that i'm gonna pick it up when i go back to trano in about five minutes
about a bomb about a being by the way that's ours turned up yet no like i said in about five weeks when i
go back don't you think we have a right to know where those sars cases in florida are wouldn't
be of interest to the public you want oh sir information free to love information you might
mention my name's rice master gory and frailie and i like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap
made from jules and listening to the near roe hey i'm gonna east the hour take ian
oh i don't know what it is about them they're wine little voices or they're big noses those goofy hats
tiny little meckles i don't know they just they just rubbed me the wrong way
and i said that his lips and every speech i love regims it's in the news
Hillary hates jules
stewing hatred through the halls busting people's not subordinates it's in the news
Hillary hates jules
you won't catch her like a manora
uh
gotchi must have a wonderful aura
when she speaks i want a cry she could use a good rap by it's in the news
Hillary hates jules
couple two at five sixty w two i'm happy uh thursday to you here for the pool it says uh yo yo yo
let's rape moe haha haha oh that'll be part of the uh modern lexicon very soon or two thing
it's probably under a zane it i haven't played that thing in so god damn long you know what
you should have supported your own station well i don't understand well hold it hold it what is
one thing i don't understand well one thing has to do with another one that's close
uh yo yo yo yo get out of here with that crap
oh big shot that's how you should have the station
oh wait if the gay old jale of hearts oh yeah here's another one man you're gonna love this when
the words come out of my mouth okay w w j d what would jesus do yeah put down a whole thing what
would jesus do oh my god whoo what is that bug the crap out of me time and book is is f jesus
oh i don't think you do that time on the first date shannon hollywood says i think you
enjoyed mr good one by the guy who gave suggestions that either ten hour after you gave two
suggestions from noxious phrases he said oh yeah that is another good one you're right i'll hang
up and listen oh yeah there we go another one of those great talk show ones i'll hang up and listen
maybe that's what he was suggesting i don't know uh just like all the sport holes
who want to squeeze them while listening to last six and have seconds of themselves talking
sports on the radio right shon it says it nauseates me more than the dolphins have to step up or take
the game to the next level oh take it to the next level there's so many of these you know we can
make this about a four hundred part that we won't though any one and a why too much work
yeah like your friend your lady friend says oh is it too much work is it is it lazy is it too much
yeah i'm lazy okay bitch that's why i get up at five thirty in the morning so i can come in
here and talk to the netwits like that bitch miserable nasty mean hateful sows like her
i'm yes but Randy roads doesn't have any and Randy roads you can put her audience into a phone booth
okay you know i'm saying wow what god at this moment in time how about this moment in time
Lewin free point of Bahamas hey Lewin free point of Bahamas how you doing my friend
Lewin free point how come this thing won't work for me you think there's any special reason
yeah my oh playboy's party jokes okay that's good no jokes please
all Saudi Arabia well i don't believe any of the news that comes from there anyway
but it's a good point to show you the kind of stuff that they're writing about us our good friends
the Saudis their first English language daily the Arab news why did you hear this
exclusive western journalists beaten and starred by americans this isn't a Saudi daily news
two western journalists have arrived safely back in Kuwait city after being arrested beaten up
and deprived of food and water in Iraq by members of the U.S. Army's military police
Arab news has learned that Luis Castro and Victor Silva both reporters working for RTP
RTP Portuguese television were held for four days and their equipment vehicle and videotapes
confiscated and were then escorted out of Iraq by the 101st Airborne Division despite
possessing the proper unilateral journalist accreditation issued by the coalition forces
central command both journalists were detained there were a deal at the hands of the
mercenaries in stark contrast to that received by news a journalist and bagged that who yesterday
endured and described as humane their treatment fans of the Iraqi interrogators despite suffering
various indignities i've covered 10 wars in the past six years in angola afghanistan zayir and
east teemore i've been arrested three times in africa but never been subjected to such
treatment or been physically beaten before casters said in an exclusive interview with Arab news
the americans called themselves liberators and freedom fighters but look what they've done to
us he added according to him there he accredited i'd be was checked they were given a clear
to proceed suddenly for no reason the situation changed we ordered down on the ground by the soldiers
they stepped on our hands and backs and handcuffed us we were putting our own car the soldiers
used our satellite phones to call their families at home i begged them to allow me to use my own
phone to call my family but they refused when i protested they pushed me to the ground to kick me
in the ribs and legs after being held for four days there were transferred to the 101st airborne
division be escorted out of Iraq cast or told arab news a lieutenant in charge of the military
police told me my men are like dogs they're trained only to attack so please try to understand
so there you go that's what they're reporting anyway whether you believe in not in the
Saudi Arabian Arab news do you believe it those are our allies right they wouldn't just
those are our good close personal smart-to-head friends they wouldn't put a bunch of propaganda in there
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line here's the lady in Miami hello
hello yes ma'am hi Neil how are you good i have one sentence or a phrase that i hate
to be honest with you i think we got that yeah oh you got it yes we do and what about friendly fire
got it oh sorry i got the program late got it late today no problem thanks
i'll be a bye okay i should read them again okay a lot of people tuned in late a lot of people
were busy doing other things like watching Bob Arnett breathlessly giving that blow by blow about
how they love us to bring us flowers and candy what a thing you know we toilet paper
it's where you live and where you sleep in this paper guys they love us now i thought they just
hated this the other day and now they love us because we're liberating them oh i see
which of these phrases of expressions bugs you the most that's our pull question on the orange
you dot com if you must be beginning of the show in a very beginning we asked about the when's
they noon to one hour the comedy bits are and there was a nip and tucker was very tight and then
the people liked it pulled away right about 30 or 40 votes at the end about 30 yeah it wasn't
like by a hundred votes it was but it was enough to declare that we'll continue doing it as long
as the audience likes it or as long as we feel like doing it which is probably more likely right
as long as it kills a good hour i mean well how come we're not entitled
we're entitled to that hour just to relax and enjoy and have a few yaks especially now with all
this depressing stuff going on in the world what's wrong with having a few yaks
that's a day don't even go there i'm sorry reading the list which of these phrases or expressions
bugs you the most don't even go there small ball i must have been thinking about Greg and guilty
goes yard when somebody hits a homerun sammy goes yard oh oh oh the pain
you know where that came from yes pn those assholes on the spn and especially the broads on the
spn i come up with some stupid asshole cliche and right away every broad who wants to be one of the
guys you know really macho i real sports sniffer oh yes sammy goes yard very goes yard
he had tiniest to go in the yard sometimes in the house he has issues
what's up you go girlfriend embedded heads up weapons of mass destruction
makes me want to sing that song talk to the hand the flayed hand
my gidi must have bought my mom i wasn't my mom i saw see he can't say the french words anymore
he used to be able to but i have a french a frog go block now see frog block
by the way the blogs are doing a good job the blogs like ryeed see he didn't even know what blogs are
that's a blog that none of your business carlos knows it's code word the whole nine yards you know
that gay banter what you know it adds gay banter my ass see my ass see that is gay banter what you take
ask uh what's his name clearance he'll tell you if it's gay ban it's funny how the beast turned
him around so fast you know it right up against the wall what's your take 24 seven
roll closure close your all close your yeah close your fly not for nothing
my my bad what does that mean anyway what not for nothing i mean do you hear people say that right
i'll you all the other assholes say not for enough free would you do it with scurand not for nothing
would you go back there and take a sniff not for nothing my bad oh yeah how's the crib keep it
on the down low you know what i'm saying hey bro i'll be honest with you dude not dog yada yada yada
and what not awesome what's up dog friendly fire my nigger collateral damage peace out if you got all
these you follow it now to see who's not being nice peace out let's roll keep it real word up to that
to that true that wasn't the prime minister of canada once upon a time here elia to that
real deal complete package breaking news what would Jesus do oh my god oh that just drives
that that whole group of people are the god squad man the Jesus Christers what would Jesus Christ
do and i'll hang up and listen what an impressive list of fiat's me huh that's pretty good
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty so MSNBC is reporting they love us
everything's coming up roses everything's great that's what five arenas and he would never lie to us would he
okay let's get a lot of calls in this last dark as we got that big marlin game enough to
game coming one o'clock to pregame what what is that what kind of expression is that he rolled his
eyes little bean or bobandist into marlin games coming up just because you've got no free tickets to it
just goes in the girl beach it to it marlins and affiliates in 135 from the stadium right up the street
there pp park if you're bored you got nothing to go to the ballgame okay they're desperate to
get some asses in the seats go over to ballgame i'm gonna really support them this year just because
Moe has been ragging on the ownership so bad you know i mean like with when Wayne High Pingo
on the sports teams i ragged on him but i didn't say oh whatever you do don't go to the games
i did that one time for a panther game because uh it was a Brian Murray thing they were
screwing the franchise up and everybody showed up so whatever i say do the opposite anyway
so like i said don't go to the marlin game and then we'll get like 30,000 people
it's on packs net by the way you know who else likes packs net
Jesus Christ five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty that's because buddy but is a man of god
who married an extripper here's boca hello boca hey what's up now yes sir how you doing
you killed me earlier when you said the embedded assholes uh i was drinking coffee i
i'm telling you all over my computer i bet you went and doubt you splurded it right out just
like when Moe drops his bag thank god you're on the radio man i agree who are you doing
no seriously who are you doing mickey mouse five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
18 and that wasn't even the same guy was it that was a different guy i'm being a guy called
nanya none your business let's see john the hollywood says oh yeah here's another good one it's the bomb
oh yeah it's the bomb big big gonna rack these days it's the bomb
bigity dog now where the hell is my list it's the bomb what were those other two that we were asking about
but a bing no take it to the next one you know anybody who says that
no really i need to one of them all seriously just got on your website to vote tell eric to
change the spelling of ventim to oh that's a joke see venom is spelled with a t because of this
i get it should i have to play that thing yeah oh it's under voicemails right yes female
it's the pissed off fired up by her it is here you go i've been listening w2m for
gosh five to six years and i've watched the morning show evolve and everything and i have a problem
i'm taking my kids to school and these thinking commercials for for the guy that curses nasty nasty
things and there's no warning it just blurt out you know you can hear the bleep you can hear the
you know and you can hear the ventim in his voice and you know i don't have a chance to turn off my
radio you know now i heard it you know i had a problem again the other day i can't explain that stuff
to my kids uh yeah maybe you're gonna explain the ventim okay where the wicked serpent
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty years when it says breaking news we gotta wear
okay what about about about a being about a boom but hey okay okay let's see it's the bomb did we
put that on there yes we did i think we're up to date poor we got about 45,000 of these damn things
in the meantime and SMBC says the war is going great they love us they never ever encountered such
wonderful people because this is the liberation by elimination and speaking of elimination i bet
in the desert there's a lot of that going on too don't you think we could at least send Mr. Whipple
over there here's West Palm Beach hello yes sir oh you know what i turned i tuned in late i heard
this lady say the one about uh to be honest with you yeah but you know what they're all thinking
about and sitting hanging out i was thinking you know the big oil uh one of the sports holes
and i can show a real good but i can't stand it about every minute or half minute it say well
to be honest with you well to be honest with you well to be honest with you well to be honest with you
what that means that means he's a liar it means uh anybody can i say anything it says to be
honest with you that means they got a guilty complex and they lie a lot honestly i agree really
you know good at you the honest with you great says a lot i'm just gonna say one thing yeah actually
uh the the term i use is i like to sit back for somebody who keeps saying i say you mean up till now
right i'll tell them i did i'm seeing your pile of crap you mean up till now you have been quite honest with me
right and you put the big uh the big oil uh i'm a sports show uh he's using it awful but
all right yeah he's awful good guy though he's a good guy that'll make you happy that i know he's a good
guy that's straight that out straight and what out well yeah tell him to stop okay stop stop he
stopped he just stopped he's the one one more thing and then and then you know the yesterday you were
talking about to be honest with you're killing me well no i know you were talking about hanging up on
people and you're not a bad guy and people are afraid to call cuz it's a radio show yeah yeah
cuz you're hanging up but uh there's that five sick well he wanted me to hang up on him i guess
he was trying to make a point i just want to keep him in line okay i hung right up on his ass
i i'm not interested in this good guy stuff okay it's a radio show if i was a good guy in a
radio then that we have it like a point two nobody wants to be a good guy in a radio it'd like
me to be a good guy off the air which i am i'm a wonderful guy just ask me to be honest with you
yeah let's see here's one that says i have three that really bugged their crap out of me let's do
lunch oh i hate that yeah let's do the people really still say that i think they oh what kind of
ass oh let's do lunch i thought that went out with nickers let's do lunch i'll tell you another one
that nobody will agree with me on but it bugs me cuz there are people who say it like like hello
like over it like cool everything is cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
cool cool jesus christ now sir you know the kind of people i'm talking about christian
every word they say oh cool cool cool what do you say to them oh my it's gonna be at 85 today oh cool cool
you dog just have a good dog cool phone tag oh yeah that's another good one and touch base
i'm gonna want to touch base with you oh oh yeah but i like phone tag is better and i'll tell you
another one i'll tell you speaking of phone tag i got a great one for you snail male
seriously oh i know that is one of the most stupid in other words if you don't email somebody
you put like a letter in a box and you mail it like through the postal service now that snail male
oh god i wish i thought of that earlier in the show i had a hold it a hundred times for that i hate
that i hate it snail male and you want to know why because it's stupid it's not just annoying but it's
it's downright stupid in fact if mokubi here today how much he'd agree with me it's stupid yes see
after we bonded the other day he and i are getting pretty tight
they just smell it oh man these facts are just the single most overused and misused expression on
the sport hole radio nationwide is the bottom line is you agree i don't know about the sports
places but you hear it everywhere and the bottom line bottom line okay the bottom line is got it
you're right need to be on the inner boy okay i just want to make sure because he uh you know he's
sitting in there reading the funny papers and those dirty magazines you got invariably followed by
some point which is neither fundamental nor are usually even relevant post and colors are equally
guilty using expression 50 times an hour yes rustic chronic and cocos is that okay i've heard
mad dog use it about 30 times in one hour what the bottom line oh yeah
thought you wanted to just pick it on him because he ain't here today
Neil how about anything that comes out of dick by talismar baby oh he oh now i'm getting i'm starting
to get upset that i started this you know water complete package of a moron love you Sergio
yeah dick by tal dicky v he just makes me want to get and and and you know something he's part of
the whole six sport the how could anybody want to hear him unless there are sports and unless
there an idiot have you ever heard him i remember the bits that we have making fun of him that's all
yeah baby yeah baby it's round ball baby it's small ball so they all so with that oh
hitting us oh there ain't nobody like dicky v there ain't anybody in the face of the earth is
annoying when i'm watching that you fall on tv one man is annoying me yeah yelling words
of nonsense dicky v and when someone goes baseline he starts screaming things so nasally
screeching like a fetchy dicky v dicky v dicky v dicky v dicky v dicky v dicky v
and when the insolent camera the player from his head is blinding me when did this guy come from dicky v
everything is awesome and everyone's is vtv
wish he'd keep this traction dicky v dicky v dicky v dicky v dicky v
or giving me a head and you need to keep me
dicky v dicky v dicky v dicky v dicky v dicky v
yeah he's annoying all right not only is he annoying he's an asshole you can say that too dicky v
yeah baby and he never shuts up he just it's the dicky v show it's not a basketball game it's
the dicky v show whoever's doing a play by play with him is incidental don't even really need to be
there just to get a paycheck he parry cuba liberty parry cuba coming up tonight on inside the behind
the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look at the
start him he poured his heart out in song telling a woman that he didn't miss her even though he
really did unfortunately the woman just didn't get it he was john wait looking back i guess i
should have just told her the truth but i'm a songwriter dammit i had drawn to irony john
wait was trying to make a statement by telling his then-wife that he wasn't missing her hoping she
would pick up on the ironic subtext sorry but i'm a face value kind of out john wait long lost love
judy zero irony what was the supposed to think i told him to go fuck himself how could she miss it
was so damned obvious i ain't missing you said you been gone oh wait i mean it's right there it's
really saying i miss you by saying that i don't miss you i mean you get it right yes yes
mr wait i get it hold still now it's time for your shot it's on it's poetry i was just
opposed in my true feelings against the denial of those feelings as i see this will make it all better
mr wait john wait lisa quiet life in a private facility the location of which we are not at liberty
to divulge however we can say that when in London make sure to visit lovely trofolger square
oh yes that's noise i feel better now can i go back to the bright blue room now
john wait he ain't doing bad at all get it that means he really is doing bad it's a big
juicy shopping wet look at show business tonight on inside the behind
from 26 and 560 come we got a big big marlin game marlin's and the fillys is they try to salvage
one game of this embarrassing series after getting walloped 85 and 82 in the first two games
this afternoon pregame at one game time 135 what else is on today
clearance and the beast five to seven i overlooked that sorry guys
oh clearance and the beast together you notice you notice that wow first they were in a hallway
together up against the wall and now they're doing it together in the show too
herkwin hotline at seven the big oh at eight o'clock and i'll be honest with you
uh eddy k attend from g a and john johan mark overnight well he i keep saying that he's a good guy
and he sucks on here the big uh awful and when he starts lapsing that that's spanglish baby talk he
does in fact be an herbord is at all the time too can't help wait me by that can't be helped
how is it you can speak perfectly for like 55 minutes and then all of a sudden i don't know where
you're left you know that my name i'm a you know i like the baby talk it's like the yiddish you
can't be helped like the yiddish yeah it just it just busts out right caks a hoist
and speaker that here's a great fact says hemorrhoids are embedded
yeah that's the only thing that's really embedded is hemorrhoids and you are absolutely correct
what a pain in the ass that is to your more young punks on this fact say that's fat and straight
that's fat and straight okay i'll take their word for it well he's
almost straight out he's certainly more in there uh he hangs out in that hood sure
huh that's not putting that down with all the old people there's no more you don't understand
my name beach ain't old people anymore where he lives yeah i know if he's in a condo on a beach
and he's got the wire basket on wheels too to go shopping boy do you steal it of course
also there's a pines pig Douglas road and pepperous pines boulevard fat slob shooting radar
thank you very much guys a little a pig we pour it there for a pines Douglas road and
a pepperous pines boulevard always are pigs in that area man shooting the radar
what a disgrace here we got a war going on and we got porkers right in traffic tickets
which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most we asked on the arrives you's dot come today
where we got a plethora of really good stuff on here now including those great cartoons the more
cartoon today is one of the all-time best fox news in heraldor a match made in purgatory anyway weapons
of mass destruction that phrase 46 people said that you go girl friend 37 don't even go there is
tied with you know what i'm saying and with what's your take 23 what's your take do you remember
that how how long that run on that was on this station everybody that called including
an issue they started well let me what's your take on this war what's your take on the election
once you take on uh... more howards wig uh... my nigger nineteen my bad eighteen george can't help
himself his bad yada yada yada eleven was up dog ten you know ten and embedded ten everybody
else single digits i would have thought you know it would have a lot more votes than that by now at
least about thirty man twelve thirty man at five sixty q i want it was it just happened
to be just lucky not lucky to just a half our way from that big marlin game any interest
you know you know you know you know come on get with it get with a program
i might just go out to that ballgame this afternoon you know what what are you laughing about
we love the marlins they really blow come let's run with a marlin's okay you know let's give
me a chance why you say that it's right up the road i of course i left my tickets home i'm sure
you think i paid to go see a marlin game you think i go paid to go see a panther game i don't even go
for free most of the time why bother yeah but you're wrong the other the youngsters in the organization
even gildey admitted in the hall to me this morning that uh... ain't gonna be better note next year
or shouldn't have said that he wants jugs job like i said gildey says Stanley Cup for the panthers next
year some kind of cup i mentioned about ray wendy and the three assist last night for Columbus
i mentioned that i just gone ray razor here's pop it all hello
gild yes sir uh how are you i great i got i got a couple for you okay bug me how about whatever
whatever whatever whatever whatever yeah that's the one one i really kind of like my ass is
shocking law i think we got there don't we really we didn't put nobody says it with whatever
somebody suggested we didn't put it okay thanks i said whatever whatever no but to be honest with you
five six seven oh five sixty pound five six eight or lando alzagiri stop saying that big
problem don't be saying to be honest with you because i think she rely her he knows here's Miami
hello look what i just did to that talk i can't believe i done that well i'm i mean you got
my bad five six seven oh five sixty here's Miami hello and they're not there anyway did i cut them off
probably i cut them off too bad my whatever here's western hello hey how you doing okay sir
good how about at the end of the day oh yeah yeah somebody mentioned that at the end of the day
yeah it's a bill tenor is we'll put that on there for old ability all right thanks thank you at the end
of the day yeah i hate that expression that that's an expression at the end of the day you don't
want to use that expression like when back in the early days when we first started working here
and they were trying to dick me around with my talent checks and they want to pay me and
over you know and tanner was well you know at the end of the day you'll get your money
and others when they're good and ready you know how the beesleys are i find it most interesting
and amusing by the way that now norma can't finally got paid by this cheap ass outfit and Greg
Reid relies a lot i find it most amusing that now now they need them that interesting it's
interesting interesting fascinating is what i think i think it is most appropriate it is
appropriate there you go Greg okay if i've told you once i've told you
about third man times don't be screwing people with their money okay pay the bills pay
although you look at this log today no yeah holy cow this is like a going out of business sale
uh-huh let's take a full understation this whole station like my let's April you know maybe this
is the April fool log this week that could be it all right or maybe there's not a scrape
harass up off the uh-chirin there 27 to one at five 60 by the way our sales manager was
drunk Monday night at the Marlin game in our sky box he was drunk the whole town's a talk of the
town screw in joining us now in the line drunk spring train with Howard David and Steve Goldie
goes to him Spoodie Barker tomorrow to him hey he's not he's talking about women
well congratulations get alive and our time for language lesson of the day repeat after me
okay your sobri doses in Viagra to the via to Miracomo un puerco fail which means even if I
don't get on Viagra you'd still be a heinous blow pig
pasta la pump
all right and when star is dead
He's dead.
Bad news.
Casey, Mr. Biggie on the show.
He was 61.
That of a heart attack.
Edwin star.
But why don't you play a war?
What we did play a little bit?
Then they'll assume we're doing like an anti-war message, which we would be.
And we did.
Here's some pushing the envelope.
That doesn't bother me.
Does that bother you?
I don't hear that much anymore.
Like an old NASA type.
How they hanging?
Whatever.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
To be honest with you,
girlfriend.
I thought we had a bit called how they hanging.
What does that call it?
How's it hanging maybe?
How's it hanging?
I don't know.
No.
I thought for sure we had what's that out in the sun, but I was just looking for it.
How's it hanging?
Oh, Chris.
I put you.
How's it hanging?
How come it's not in here at Otterby?
It's not.
I don't see it at all.
I love you.
Oh, you're bad.
My bad.
Let's see CNN's theme music.
How would it do with that?
It's not a sing.
It's just nauseating.
Of course, Bob Arna.
They are so well organized, but close in.
You hear all these stories about that?
You know something?
This is just between Angela Ray on Channel 4 yesterday.
And his performance is just amazing.
I have never in my life heard anything.
This is...get the pom-poms out.
Let's have a parade.
Everything is coming up roses.
Let's get Steve Lawrence and Edie Grume out to sing it.
And what could not be...what's not to like?
So you thought World War II was a good war where everybody came together.
They played part of this stuff.
Many of the battle damage assessments from close to well fought lots and lots of weapons.
After the war they thought they hit.
Well, we found that too.
I thought just a little while ago when they first had a amount of half an hour ago,
we were listening to the bullets flying overhead.
There was like a battle going on.
And a tank blew up.
I must have...
But I guess that was just an isolated incident.
Because according to him, you look up the road and there's nobody but a friendly people there with smiles and their thumbs up and the peace sign.
Oh, that's right.
Don't do the peace sign.
Don't wait.
And on your racket, don't do the peace sign.
Don't do the peace sign.
You're not allowed to do the peace sign because that means you were a protester.
Kami Pinko 60s hippie.
So you think the Marlins are going to play a long ball or a small ball today?
Goofball?
Yeah.
Excellent.
Marlins are playing Goofball today.
And we got it here for you on your Goofball station QAM.
Goofball.
Speaking of Dave and Boring and his bad, bad hair piece.
Hey Dave, I never met you, but God, you are boring on here.
And the sad part of this, he's got a really good voice.
You know, he's got an excellent voice.
But until he starts talking.
Kind of like Mo.
Mo's got a great voice too.
Until he starts speaking, you know.
And once he starts talking, he's like.
Boring.
Boring.
Boring.
Boring.
Boring.
Boring.
Boring.
Enough to drive your nuts.
The most overused expression in the last two years,
imported from the English at the end of the day.
Well, we just wrote that down.
Thank you.
It must be psychic or the other way around.
Thank you.
Facts is just pouring in here.
Poring in.
Is the Bush administration using terrorism fears to shield government
and business from public view, official secrets from Mother Jones?
Well, I'll save that.
You might actually put it on the website tomorrow.
How about, excuse me, says Lenny.
Please say it worded two about the second page.
Second page.
National March, stop the war on Iraq, surround the White House.
Saturday, April 12th.
That's a week from the Saturday.
12th, noon in Washington, DC.
Buses to DC from across the US.
Bring the troops home now.
To which we say,
All right.
Yes.
A-N-S-W-E-R answer.
Act now to stop the war and end racism.
And it's a New York organization.
And they got a New York and Washington number.
But you can check it out on the web.
Internationalanswer.org.
Internationalanswer.org.
National March to stop the war week from Saturday, April 12th.
Okay.
Stick that over there.
We'll mention it again.
Of course, the way it's looking now, quite a bob Arnett.
It's going to be all done by then.
Right?
We can bring everybody back safe and sound.
Sure.
Hopefully, sounder than progester go ahead, like two broken legs of broken arms.
I don't have 30.
Holds in her.
Going to bring them back, right?
Okay.
Here's one.
Don't want to argue with you about your opinion on this war.
Good.
Because I'm not interested in arguing with anybody.
I'm here giving my opinion and I, you're not going to change my mind.
I'd have a better chance of getting on a posing point of your expressed on a rally spin zone.
But what the hell, your show isn't about a fair imbalance.
They're strange with the folks.
It's about human political satire.
So why this facts?
Good question, from Dear Field Beach.
It's about human political satire.
At this level, no one on radio does it better than you.
Well, Lou, you are absolutely correct.
Or there's not Lou, it's just his love.
That's it, Lou.
This morning, George made another of his mindless comments about current events.
Now, while I avoid him when you're not on the year, it's next to impossible to do so when you're on the year.
Please understand, I'm not trying to criticize your show.
I see.
Understand that George is the price.
I must pay if I'm going to be entertained by you.
Here's a guy that likes you in Dear Field.
I see.
It's a price well worth paying.
I agree because the price is right.
But the George is here and out.
It's still cost you.
Oh, nothing.
Not a way if you entertain me.
You've informed me about current events in a way that nobody in local media can.
You've improved my health.
Thanks to you.
I discovered balance for life and lost 47 pounds so far.
Excellent.
So what's not to like?
What's the mindless comments?
I'll get to it.
Oh, you were lasty.
He likes me.
And right away, you're taking that out on this list.
I'm sure who's on name by the way, but lost 47 pounds.
Don't want to be inaccurate.
So when George expresses sympathy for the people of Iraq as he did this morning, I must remember that the gang reflects our experiences in normal response inside of my good health.
You may feel the people of Iraq are better off under the rule of thought.
I'm there in this fight to be free.
But I say that.
No, no, wait a minute.
I'm not going to read the rest of it because when he says in this fight to be free, that's the end of my reading because it is not a fight for them to be free.
It has nothing to do with them being free.
That's not what this is all about.
This is a guy that's been watching too much of this thing on air, which it says right now in front of me, the Iraqi freedom, you know, Operation Iraqi Freedom.
It's not what it's about.
If you want to believe that, good luck to you.
I hope you keep losing the weight.
We love you, but you're naive.
That's all.
When did we ever say that?
And like I've been saying, what now you said it's our castically, but what I've been saying, liberation by elimination is correct.
There are hundreds and hundreds of innocent people, including little children who've died.
There are thousands who've been maimed across the country already in two weeks.
Thousands who've been maimed and mutilated.
This is not the way you go about liberating people.
Oh, come on.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I should just shut up though.
And then that's the reason Tony Blair, all of a sudden, got a loud mouth yesterday and said, no, it's not the US or the British that ought to be in there taking over.
It better be the Iraqi people themselves.
And in the meantime, we've been reading of these articles and putting on our website every day about how they already have their ducks in a row.
They've already got their right wing general to take things over and run the country while they get their agenda going over there.
Well, he's just going to supervise me.
I mean, how could anybody really believe that all of a sudden out of nowhere see they kept changing it?
First, it was about weapons of mass destruction.
We couldn't find any.
Okay, now it's about regime change.
Well, you can't just go into another country and change the leader.
I'll just arre.
So now it's about operation of Iraqi freedom.
We're going to liberate those poor oppressed Iraqi people.
Well, if we're going to liberate all the poor oppressed people all over the world, we're going to be pretty guy and busy.
You weren't going to have two nickels to rub together anymore.
Like I said, it's like the little old lady crossing the street and being dragged across the street by the boy scout doing his good deed for the day.
And she says, dammit, leave me alone.
He says, how come I'm doing my good deed?
And she says, I don't want to cross this street.
Asshole.
They didn't ask us to come there.
They don't trust us in spite of whatever Bob Barnett is saying this crap he's peddling they with his pompom.
He must be on jungle juice.
He must be.
I've never heard anything like that.
And when you combine that with the raw raw rooting thing we had from Andrea, whatever her name is.
What's your name?
I forgot.
Gates.
And I know what that channel for news, the silly one.
What I forgot her name was.
Angela Ray.
Sorry, I'll decide on my bad.
My bad.
I'll never watch their news again.
If I want to watch a parade, I'll watch the Macy's parade.
If I want to watch a cheerleading thing, I'll turn on a cable.
I'll find cheerleading contest.
If I want to watch the news, I want to see a performance like that pitch put on there yesterday.
And their whole five o'clock newscast was like that.
There's a difference between news reporting and cheerleading.
And sure we all want the US to win whatever there is to win so we can get it over with fast.
And bring our troops home and not butcher up any more people.
A lot of us are very suspicious of what this administration has planned for what's going to follow.
And you'll notice the Brits also Jack Strav very quick to say yesterday, uh, guess what?
We're not participating in Syria or Iran.
Count us out.
We don't think the US is either.
But just in case they are, we don't think so.
No way.
Enough is enough.
How about pardon our dust?
That's a good expression.
In fact, stores that are like, you know, no, that's the airport.
You always see that, especially here airports always in the state of flux.
Excuse me.
Flux.
Oh, in some of the flux radio theater.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T in Verizon wireless line on a wild Thursday, man.
Feel like I had a wild hair up my back.
Today for some reason.
I don't know what it is.
49 votes for weapons of mass destruction is the expression that bugs you the most.
You go, girlfriend.
43.
Uh, don't even go there.
25.
What's your take 25?
You know what I'm saying?
24.
My nigga 21.
My bad 18.
Embedded 13.
I'll be honest with you the 13.
You know, 12.
Yada yada yada 11.
Was up dog.
10.
And closure.
10.
We need closure on this.
But we need closure on the war.
Oh, every, I mean, it's not as big now as it was for a while there.
But for a couple of years, it's like everybody in a brother.
Oh, well, maybe this will help us get closure, you know.
Now that we found a chandra's body in 18 million little pieces, you know, the family can get some closure.
Yeah.
And Gary Conde's career can have some closure.
How's Gary Conde doing, by the way?
I won't see him no more.
13 to 1 at 560 WQAM.
And now, their wife, son, I'm also having to be his cousin.
Say hi to her, son.
Hello.
Hello, America.
Like, don't cry for me because I'm like hot and all.
You'd think like a slavvnly stinky dick tater like Saadi would have a wife with like a pooch and like facial hair, but I'm like a total babe.
Like when I graduated from like San Vandina Votec, I was voted most likely to and I did.
Like even though I had to tell Saadi, I was like a virgin.
I'm like no stranger to the backseat of a Buick.
For the favors, three revieras, six centuries, two regals, and like one park avenue.
Thank you very much.
That was like my junior year.
So like on our wedding night, I had to be all like, I'm nervous.
Like are you sure we should?
But I'm like a very good actress and all, so he like, thought it totally.
Whatever.
Let me just tell you, like our house, you know, we have like 40 houses.
I felt like the one without any windows is like so like off the hook.
Like if you came here, which like you wouldn't because like no one ever comes here.
But like if you did, you'd be like this house is so like off the hook.
But like I still can't get Saadi to like put away his like velvet Elvis and like the picture of like the dogs playing poker and all.
He's like still holding onto his like youth and what.
Uh, anyhow, like last week I had to have like a female procedure, you know, like done at like the gyno.
And like Saadi was all like don't take your clothes off and whatnot.
And I was all like well how's he supposed to say it?
And he's all like how do you like an X-ray machine?
And I'm like that was just like friggin' it all up.
And he's like I don't care.
Like the next thing I know I hear him like Al Jazeera TV like my gyno is gone.
Oh, I like Bono.
Tuttle.
Procure people we got that big Marlon game coming up.
Everybody in the buildings are excited about that.
I bet you everybody bills out.
Huh? Don't you think?
It bills out of what the building?
Oh, don't forget five to seven.
We got clearance in the beast together.
I bet you they're going to be doing a lot of work together from now on.
Don't you think?
Clarence in the beast a match made in heaven.
Well, neither one of them could get a girl.
Beast has breasts.
So maybe they're just settling for, you know, whatever's available.
Each other.
Think outside the box.
Yes.
I agree that that's annoying, but I don't think it's, you know.
I don't hear so much anymore.
No.
Plus in your case.
Outside the box and where you want to be.
No, it's exactly where I want to be.
Pull me one highly.
I say shock and awe.
Yeah.
Why we forget about it already been there.
Done that here's Todd and Holly would chronic Todd was ripping poor booge.
I've lost a lot of weight.
Okay, don't be ripping booge about if they can stay healthy.
And I got a figure he does have a figure when a figure about Bella for good.
Like Joey.
He's been saved.
He's bell shaped.
Also Dwight Lottardale says eat more beagle.
Ass is what's hot in the Hollywood.
That's disgusting.
Okay.
Dwight Lottardale eats beagle.
Why beagles?
What up dog?
Dwight.
Adam says, and by the way, Adam Kirschner, we did not rip you on the air.
They even though you wish we did, we said nice things about you.
But now we take it all back.
What were we talking about?
Are we talking about the little Brian Andrews, the butterfly?
And also we're fine.
Oh, we're fine.
What about Dan Stewart?
What about him?
I guess he didn't have a thing for Adam.
Yeah, he did.
He did?
Don't know if you had, oh, that's right.
He did.
He kept going over there for a, don't know if you had the time to read this on the
air.
Today we found this pretty interesting.
I've never heard this explanation before says Adam.
Okay.
What do we got?
What do we got?
Adam, here's the other thing.
When you stop, there are many reasons for George Bush's single-minded drive toward Baghdad.
And other articles I've written for yellow times, that are hinted that not so obvious reason for the drive against the Mac is Bush's war against Europe.
In fact, I've not come to believe that's the primary reason for his Iraq of Afinia.
Whenever a nation decides to go to war, there are plans made for who is going to win, who's going to lose.
No one goes to where expecting to lose, but it isn't always the obvious target of the aggression that's the real thrust behind the war.
Sometimes it isn't the case of what you expect to win from a war, but rather the case of what you hope someone else loses, and it doesn't have to be your state of enemy you're hopeful sustained the losses.
In this case, Bush's hope for a victim is the European economy.
It's robust and likely to become much stronger in the easily foreseeable future.
Britain's entry in the EU was inevitable. Scandinavia will join sooner rather than later.
Already even without those countries there will be 10 new member nations in May 2004, which will struggle GDP on the EU to buy an import.
This just goes on and on and on.
I can't deal with it.
Huh? I give it a shot. I just can't get too ponderous. Forget about it.
Well, in addition to which it's just a lot of wild speculations.
You know, that crazy about speculation. Opinion is one thing for just speculation.
And it goes on. Thanks anyway, Adam, but it's just got how many pages of this error? Jesus Christ Adam, like I said,
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
You need to have got room for you. All right. How about fair and balanced?
Oh, I like that. You do. All spin.
What is it? It is now. Thank you. Thanks.
What's wrong with that fair and balanced? That's a joke, especially it's Fox fair and balanced. Got it Carlos?
Get it and get that sounds on that check. Too late.
I'm sure that. I'm sure that you can me. He ran to the check cash in 10 seconds after we got it in his damn little grubby hand.
I quit washing your balls in the sink. 5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line. Here's Pompano. Hello.
Yeah, Pompano. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I've been holding it. I've been shifting it with one hand holding it with the other hand.
Well, I got a couple for you. I'll open it up with it was on your last bit like.
Like like anyway. Well, like, you know, like, you know, like what I'm saying.
Yeah. Okay, that bothers me. Anyway, but I got another one I work in the warehouse in the back.
I got some of these hip hop guys that are back here and I listen to a conversation and I swear I heard this probably about 30 times.
Really? No one in the sand.
Oh, we got that. The one I'm saying. Yeah, that's very big. No one in the.
Oh, my God. I'm telling you. It was about 30 times. I heard it.
Okay, have a great day. 5 6 7 0 5 50. You can look here anyway. Well, we're sure on time. You know what I'm saying?
Sure, on time. One makes sure we get everybody in here. Don't we? In fact, let's talk to everybody. Just say, you know, earth,
Schindler, when he used to be on WNWS, I never saw anything like it in my life.
He's doing a talk show for old parts. You know, here's a guy that was like 90 talking to people over 100.
And on the weekend, he would have like five calls hanging on with like three minutes to go in the show.
And he'd do like a two minute commercial break. Come back and it's a minute till the end of the show, right? Right.
And so what he would do is he put him each on for like five seconds.
I'm serious. It was just though because he saw the lights lit up. He felt compelled that he had to put each one on a year.
That was light. Schindler, whose favorite expression was. Oh, we don't want to go to China not right now.
Okay. And tell all those people in China. We like him a lot, but stay to hell there for a while till things get cooled out.
No time for.
