Are they you prestige?
Oh my!
Oh my!
Alright!
Well I had a wife for a 20 month
Don't know what was all the fuss
See our marriage was fine till she caught me
Cruising toys are less
A girl is gone
Oh by the way, speaking of Ronnie of Gilbert
Ronnie of
The Pressley girl is gone
The girl is gone
The Pressley girl is gone
Since they're waiting all I've ever heard
From Lisa's smile
My ex was weird I'd be as like a merry couple
Should have sex now she's gone
The Pressley girl is gone
Now she's gone
The Pressley girl is gone
My way George, muffs is your bleak idea
Yeah?
But she hated how I liked to stay
As private as I can
Said the only bond I ever showed her
belonged to the other man
The girl is gone
The probe
The Pressley girl is gone
Almost
Ronnie of Gilbert cuts a crap
You better hear it
The Pressley girl is gone
The Pressley girl is gone
The Pressley girl is gone
The Pressley girl is gone
What's the documentary on Gilbert?
903
That would be a weiner I'll tell you that
903 at 560 WQM a great Friday morning
Nice job there Gellie on a morning show
So old this morning
Didn't hear too much of it but really
So I talked about that big panther six
To the last night
In Pittsburgh about Mary O'Luzon
I didn't see that game I was just a track
Make a little contribution
Also didn't see the Michael Jackson
No thing which I taped
But I'm sure George saw the Michael Jackson
Peace last night
And look it's funny commentary about that
I got to tell you right now I'm sick
And tired of people like George
And Joe Costello and other
I mean people
Making excuses about how he was beaten
As a child and abused and that terrible
Uprany and he never had a chance
He's a pedophile right
He is a freaking pedophile
Hey Michael
You're gay
And a pedophile
And a whacked job
Well I don't know if he's doing that
But whatever he's doing
I'm not sure
I'm not the sheets
But the fact of the matter is that
44 year old men don't sleep with little boys
Okay I know that
All they come along with it
Great shock even if you were abused as a child
Even if you have like certain
Problems with your nose which only had operated on what twice
Only twice and I tell you what's getting this
Pretty damn good surgery to make it
To make your face look like that
When you've only had two nose jobs
Right well the lit a vi go and you know
The ongoing changes that he's experiencing
And he's doing it like it's having all by itself
Yeah
The skin
But all you bleeding hearts out there
And in the meantime he's making millions again
Because the record sales are up
He's getting a billion dollars worth of free publicity
From all of this crap
All the time between the fact that we're getting ready to go to war any day now
Forget about that
Nobody cares about that
Nobody even cares about the
Columbia anymore
Finally they had the last ceremony yesterday
And NASA is making up stories
But nobody cares about those things
Anymore all they care about is
Michael Jackson's backing it
I'm gonna go by all his records again
I'm not
And I you know I'd be the first to admit there's some of his music that I liked
In the olden days
A lot
But what is what does that have to do with that?
Maybe Ted Bundy sang pretty good too you know
He had a record
Possibly
Maybe he had a lot of records
Long as your arm
Charles Manson record
Great musician
Oh well I think it's a Maryland Manson
He was a bit of a file
Whatever
Anyway how that pull come out yesterday
Pretty interesting stuff
Which version of Neil showed you in joy most
943 votes which is staggering since we had 500 votes plus on the first pull
What was the first pull what were we doing?
Uh that long ago
Yeah no wonder I forgot it must have
It wasn't we stopped doing it
I don't remember what that was
Was it I think it was yeah
Oh yeah that's right what's your take
Well sir see that was like premature anyway before that a chance to watch
That great ABC show last night with your favorite
All she didn't do the interview of the sheer guy from
But she was uh impenetit
She was impenetit
She was there
She was she was impenet
Anyway well what which version of Neil showed you enjoy most
I don't care I'll always listen
466 49.4 percent
These maniacs these uh great friends of ours
Will always listen no matter what we do here
Even if we just do four hours of going
You're gay
In fact, I enjoy that a lot
Thanks Reverend Jones you're okay too
You're gay
Unlike Gilbert
It turns out as a real fruit cake in more ways than one
Come on Gilbert
Quit with the
Quit all that crap
Although I find out what speaking of fruit
What kind of fruit he likes you like for asberries
What I'm here right
Anyway, uh I don't care I'll always listen
49.4 percent some bed stories a few calls which I think is why you describe it now right
Right um three hundred and twenty two thirty four four one percent
No bedtime stories all colors 99 10.4 percent
I think that's getting a little extreme
All colors and no bedtime stories a little bit much
Maybe the colors taking themselves a little bit too seriously
And all bedtime stories and no calls which I did on this show for seven
Excruciating boring months uh 56 5.9 percent not even six percent
And here you wanted me to go back to doing that again
All bedtime stories they would encourage you me to do that crap
Hey listen, I mean you know they're making a difference because
What do you get to bonus or not you never collected anyway right
So it really is kind of a mood point whereas on my uh you know
That way don't have to answer the phone
Out of that nine hundred and fifty five votes there you go
That's the way it turned out and you know as usual we'll do whatever the hell we want anyway
It was well they know that
They're used to that they're used to give you but at least we let them give their opinion and feel like they have some serious input into the show
Like the coast when they pretend to take requests right like all those stations that pretend to take requests like magic
Oh, yeah, well, uh, we're even though we're computerized. It's a great coincidence that your song happened to come up this year
Something like that
Do you know that one of the rejoins they were playing?
Was it yesterday or on Wednesday?
I think on a mad dog show build me a buttercup by the foundations
What asshole in this building is playing and why is that in there build me a buttercup?
I think just to piss me off sure Robert put that in there and why are they playing all this Motown
I love it myself. I guess the mad dogs wife likes it but and the Motown too because ever since last year this is
Motown
Oh, I never thought about that
Well, I'll be damned so get way off those checkered pants just calm down. Oh, just relax
We got a great pool for you today
Speaking of that
Won't get to it but infomercials
However, I would say that the carlis is taking all the fun out today's pool by compiling it a list of about six thousand of them here a long list
Even put him in alphabetical order, but they'll be calling about that
Of course, they'll also be calling it about Michael Jackson if you saw the thing last night, which I didn't
But you didn't have to see it because we've had more clips already this morning as it in of them
And there's psychoanalyzing and jack caverny on CNN. He's you know, he's spout enough a bunch of crap
All of an is case he happens to be right
What's going on son? What is there to analyze? I and the clip that they show it at kid with his head on Michael's
Don't hurt that yeah, no that was hands. You missed it. You looked up there holding hands holding hands in the tunnel. Yeah
Nothing sexual you know no, there's nothing sexual going on
I think it's very normal. It's run to the mill for like 44-year-old guys to be having like 10 and 12 and 13 year old boys
Sleeping in their bed and let me ask you why is it always little boys or sleeping in Michael's bed?
Oh, no, sometimes it's girl ever young. It is once every five or seven like that. Yeah, they were talking about that
If the little boy has a sister she can come along too and watch
Ha ha ha ha and referee right I see do the play by play right to blow by blow I see
Jackson files complaints over TV show all we got to do the break
How can we possibly be doing a break? I just sat down here. That's because guilty went like 10 seconds over
And then he blamed us for giving Zach the guilty song. He likes the guilty song. Okay. Oh, lots of
He's not uptight like certain other people around here. Yeah, you know, he can laugh at himself
And when he got a voice like that thank god, he can laugh at himself. You don't think because he sounds kind of gay. Yeah
Nine minutes after nine not as gay as George, but screni then some gay son squeaky
Remember squeaky from right stand that's old bad up ring. That's right. Okay. David Berkowitz. Wasn't their fault bad upbringing John Wayne Gacy
Bad upbringing said Bundy bad bad upbringing. He didn't oh terrible. Uh the worst
Ted Bundy didn't even know who his real mother was wasn't I forget how that story went down remember?
He's them all right. It's one of them
In fact, it was kind of a scene from passions with John on passions
Who thinks that graces is real mother and coming to turn out we don't even have any idea who his mama is
You follow what I'm saying. No, well you better start watching that show you'd like share it and I'll tell you
If Sheridan whoever that actresses, I know what her name is on passions
blonde I'd say like 25 to 30ish and that
Beautiful she could be one of the most beautiful women and I'm Tony. Does she hang them out?
They're there out there. They're out there. They're in there. They're out there. They're bouncing around
Now you told me that you'd like Sheridan a lot if you told me that a long time
I tried telling you that but you're so anti-passion just because
Of a reason they
And I don't know that you're gay. I'm a late-high social. I just hate everybody 10 past nine at five 60 WQM
We all have different lifestyles. You're it's therefore you need different products to make you feel better and healthier too
Only you met Mediterranean formulas are exactly what you're looking for their advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade
All of who I'll combine with really good healthy stuff. There's vitamins in there minerals, herbals other nutrients
scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs
Looks where olio-made three new formulas one to help your sleep one help you control your weight
And coq 10 which is so important for your heart
olio-men also makes supplements to promote health in your circulatory system
Your digestive your endocrine system your skin your bones even your mind
All using the benefits of the finest aloe you can find and please don't forget they make products for men and ladies as well
olio-mets and outstanding product and more and more people are popping in their pussy
We need a picks them up today all over town
You'll find it in public's records whole food markets wall greens
If you want to find out more about olio-mets products and what they can do for you call tool free and I'll answer all your questions
Call 1866 olio-men
That's 1866 6536
The 63 can also order their products online at olio-menamerica.com and don't forget market on your risk
Because it's a long way off visit their sampling for an unit sports time every Sunday during dolphin season
Start feeding great today by popping some olio-made in your pussy
I'm a local
This is five cities
The radio's all yours
You in
She that man's a freak
Just I or do I have a disease
I'm always to work
I just found out that I have to work
That makes five straight nights
I've been here to lay
Wish my boss would die
Hey, that would be great
Thank God it's Friday
Thank God it's Friday
Thank God it's Friday
I would like to pull eggs
Lacks give my bosses brownie
Tamp inside to his back that says kick me
That would mess with his butt
Definitely
916 at 560 wk my love the way those in real abrupt LH in every one of those ends like real right quick like that
Can you show your toes maybe jacko files complaints over tv show and a lot of wacko jacko is filing complaints or
Trenting to anyway, but that's part of the course you know what i'm saying
Anyway, michael jackson filed complaints with two tv watchdogs. There's day over controversial documentary about his life
During which the king of pop revealed he sometimes lets children sleep in his bed
Oi
And before we get back to that
Somebody faxed me this. This is kind of cute. Washington Post publishes a yearly contest in which readers are asked to supply alternate meanings for various words
And i'll talk about this later, but number 13 on the list is oyster
Oy
A person who sprinkles his conversation with you to his expressions and
Oy
That would be cute. Yeah, I guess i'm an oyster
And you know what meddits said
Yeah
Well see if you're gonna do that you should have it ready. We don't have time for you
Jackson who said he felt be trained by the terrible documentary had his lawyers filed the complaints with Britain's independent
Television commission and the broadcasting standards commission saying he'd been unfairly treated by the program and let it at least
$5 billion more free publicity i guess
Huh and that would be the upside about these that done his legal team also claimed that living with michael jackson
Which was broadcast in britain on monday was an infringement of his privacy the program of course was on last night on
20-20 on abc i'm sure somebody out there watch it. Let's see it look at all the calls coming in about that show last night
That they're on fire they are on fire all the people like they want our calls on his show
I don't see any coming in yet on the screenless 9 to 10 hour about michael jackson on abc last night
I'm 20-20 which i didn't see and we certainly inquiring minds want to know what you'd be thinking
The complaint filed with the independent television commissioner leds the documentary contains the clear-in-you window
That mr. Jackson is guilty of inappropriate behavior with children. Yeah
It said that shows voiceovers questions and editing gave credence to allegations made against him in 1993 of a sexual offense against the child
Yeah
And the complaint filed with the broadcasting standards commissioner jackson said he was not given any prior warning of the
narrators intent to interview him about the 93 incident or the question they'd legality of his current relationships with children
WQ I am
Speaking
Forgettleson a bit ladden forget um saddam who saying okay
Michael Jackson is definitely the scariest person in the world
I would say he's pubic enemy number one
He is that this guy is just so weird and and not that i want to give him any sympathy but
He's he never had a child. How is it with it? Listen please please don't do yourself a favor
Don't repeat stuff that other people planted in your brain
George was doing that this morning and this is the way the public operates you're like a bunch of sheep
That's a bunch of crap. Okay, so we grew up in an abusive family with him miserable father
That's not an excuse for it the guys 44 was the guys 44 years old this business about he never had a child and he's doing it now
I agree
He's been using that line ever since the Latoya whipped out that first canceled check
For two three million dollars from the difference
It's not an excuse but it had to have led to part of what is problem
He is definitely one scary screwed up human beings
Amen all right, and have a great day. Now I just I'm more not on that crap. Well, I'm missing the point
I'm missing the point up. He's effed up. You know something so was hit
Bungie after I always David Berkowitz that's up socials massive see when people are effed up to the extent that they represent a threat
To other people we have to put them away. We have to write a psychiatric
Or somewhere we have to put them in on alcatraz. We have to separate see in an island if you really want to be honest about it
Pedophiles are sick people so instead of just throwing her asses in jail whether it's the priest or whether it's him or whoever it is
They have to be put in some kind of a
Lockbox if you point those Island way on
That makes someone not let out. There's no cure not let out because we haven't discovered a cure for it
They're as of yet a cure for insanity as of yet. We haven't discovered a cure for it. Lebotany
The singer also said his own children were improperly filmed
He wasn't allowed to see the documentary as promised before was broadcast the watchdogs have the power to censure offending broadcast
It was in England
Yoddy yoddy yoddy
I trusted Martin Bashir to come into my life and that of my family because I wanted the truth to be told
Jackson said in the statement released by his London representative Steven Locke see I told it was a lockbox
Today I feel more betrayed than perhaps ever before that someone to go to know my children my staff and me
Who my let into my heart and told the truth could then sacrifice the trust I placed in him and produced his terrible and unfair program
He said
It isn't tragic that now we find out that he really did sleep with McCulloch
Culkin and his brother
Now we want now we understand why McCulloch's sulking
You know
WQ I am
Yes, sir. I want to stop and think I guess it was some urban hands with low boy headers here on the shoulder
Yes, but that life and Paul Ike was saying you put your head on my shoulder
But um, uh, that's it
Okay
And you and they're buying they're buying his records. That's the thing that just shocks the hell out of me
We can download them for free. Maybe all the pedophiles are turned on by this now
Oh, now we're sure we were pretty sure before but now we're absolutely sure now
We can really go out there and listen to that now they have a spokesperson
Maybe we can bring Vincent Price back to narrate his next album someone to justify their
leanens WQ I am
Yeah, hello, I call Jackson hotline tomorrow soccer game any
WQ I am now yes, sir. Okay, possibly go and got some as book. I
WQ I am
Yes, sir
We just talked to the borderline frightening. I mean I was just absolutely you know
I didn't even want to my wife actually
There's the when she got home
Okay, I'm just on the couch reading something and then all of a sudden if it goes on
I'm just I dropped the newspaper I start watching this thing to this like a I mean like watching a freak show
I mean it was like
Caroleifies the freak show if he was
It's frightening. I mean I just couldn't believe some of the stuff that this guy is saying and all the biggest
The biggest lap was about the plastic surgery, you know, oh, I've never had I've never had plastic. Oh no
I just just two nose jobs. That's it. I believe I'm really
I love the breed so he could sing better. Mm-hmm. Oh, absolutely, you know
Unbelievable. I mean you want to sue somebody out of the plastic surgeon because if that's his idea of a nose job
Good luck to us and I'll tell you what I like to wait. What's his name?
What's the guy's name Martin?
Bashir. Bashir. He did a great job. He was there was no stuck-up softball stuff
I mean he really
Pind him against the wall. Well, I got it on tape. I'm gonna watch it as soon as I go home this afternoon
You want to watch it? He did a good job. I mean it's sometimes it looked like it was a little bit of softball
Caught him but boy he and then the last interview down in Miami and he really
Pind him against the wall on the on the children's stuff. I'm sorry the children's stuff
Very good. Did a great job. Okay. Thanks to the good areas. In fact, I'm gonna leave right now
I'm gonna go home and watch it. See you. Thanks. That can't I leave now kind of getting early pass all
We got to eat probably got to get some food in here. Zach didn't get any food. Don't do what? The food. Are you crazy?
I've been complaining all week about the amount of food coming in here. See when you want food in here
Then it's another story about I see
I see a lot of these and Carlos has nothing to do with it. Carlos is gonna hate you like poison. Oh, I know that. I went in the
I mean take a leak this morning. He was in the sink and he would I could hear him.
George sucks. George sucks. I could hear a little voice coming out of the sink. George sucks. That's what he was saying
Maybe he's the result of that pull on Wednesday, but at any rate
Now we'll get whatever the hell we want to get. I don't have to get permission from you. Who now? Are you like my grandpa grandma?
Yeah, 60 years. I've already got one mother who treats me around five years old
I don't need a surrogate mother. Okay, I already got one. You mean the one that's a fortunate egg
Nagging mother with a paprika and pepper. Yeah, Lardo right
Jackass
And by the way
Case everybody forgot George. You're gay. Some people wish. Oh, so anyway, we're gonna do the I don't know how we're gonna do that though
Well, when we get through with Michael Jackson will do the thing about the infomercials because on Friday
We don't have to feel rushed to get the new pull up there
Because they got all weekend to dittle with it and this one. I don't know
That's just for fun. What's your favorite TV infomercial?
And I realize it may sound like a freaky question
But the fact of the matter is there are freaky people like me and Carlos in here who I actually find
Informersholes entertaining. Do you know that if it's really desperate like on a weekend?
And I see just less like when a godfather comes on and you can't turn it off and you watch it even though you've seen a hundred times
Same with it like the Rampo Peele Showtime the rotisserie oven
Right am I right? Can't turn it off. Okay, especially like the part where he takes the hammer and slanzer and they're oh
They all go like that now
Either those people are all getting paid off which is likely or they're all getting the free rotisserie oven
Which is also likely or they're all on magic mushrooms which is most likely they get paid and lunch
Oh free lunch I knew a match can you imagine if Ron would start taping those infomercials down here like it cemetery village
Dick Feinberg at Pompa no Park could turn him out of how if he gave him a free spaghetti dinner
Those people would all get up and start. Ah it's the greatest invention. They even had an Edison movie proud
They'd be foaming at them off we're knocking each other down to get to the free food and make their statements
I'm sure there are more people like you and Carlos
Oh
Well if there weren't they wouldn't be putting those damn things on there and I confess I did buy the juicy man
See back in the days of early satellite TV when I had my first dish back 16 years ago
There used to be I mean the stuff on that doesn't come close to those things
There used to be really great
Infomercials that would go on forever
And I bought my first Vitamix blender was like a steel blender. I remember that yeah Vitamix through a thing to an
Infomercial it was it was okay. I used it for about a month or two and then I shmip candid
Actually, I never throw them out. They're all wide open the kitchen cupboards, you know
And then of course I bought the juicy man's juicer. Yeah broke the second time I used it
And then I started but I did start growing big bushy eyebrows after I used that
From the juicy man. What's his name? I can almost think of his name J J
Cordic cortic
I think the juicy man who's actually only 25 but looks 116 because he's been juicing it too much
It got to it doesn't I just told you what it is. It's say cordic cordic god damn Carlos quick picking on George
Although he can't do anything for you
In fact, I'd be honest with you. I think so where we get look for I don't think anybody can do anything
We're all that was difficult that was hey, I did my best your fault crap get some stuff from Tony's near
We haven't bugbed Brad in a long time although what time do they open they don't only
Call it until they do open now. We want that stuff in here early so we can eat all through the show today
We all didn't use that we ought to do a pull on that sometime
What are you laughing about?
Well, if the audience doesn't like it if it's resounding enough we'll stop eating on here, won't we?
Plus when I'm not here I don't eat on the air anyway when I'm out of town somebody's well-makeup for last time while I'm here
Right nobody's gonna bring me food and Toronto then if they duck up if they did let me go
They're knocking on my door. I got to go and get the food. Yeah, probably. That's a good idea. Do you have the cunts here? Yes
27 after 9 at 560 WQM
Speaking of food the lights of West Boka is your Megastore for the Atkins die or any low-carb shirt free diet. It's the place to shop
Guess who else is on the Atkins Dave?
What's his name? What's his name Dave the producer the Dave what's it? Hey, again
How could I forget his name? He's a good guy Dave Hagen is on the Atkins. I didn't know he was fat
Maybe that's why maybe he's a little pudgy
There's good reason you ought to join the thousand new travel to the lights because they've got over 600 delicious
Low-carb food products specifically for you the whole store is dedicated to you if you're on a low-carb diet
This week be sure and sample their new low-carb tortilla chips in original or pico gallo flavor by carbsense
And of course you'll love their great tasting no-carb ruchetta by Walden farm
You'll be in schnackevon when you prep that stuff in your purse
So whether it's carbolite ice cream bread chips muffins cheesecakes pasta and sauces the lights of West Boka the place you love
And don't forget you can try it before you buy it anything in the store
Their staff knows dieting inside and out they're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10
And they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products the books the vitamin's all that good stuff
And even better news is they're always 25% off all day every day
So if you're on Atkins or any other similar to program
Here's an entire store that's dedicated for you the number one low-carb sugar feast during the universe
The lights of West Boka you'll find them on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market
I call them tool free at 1 877 low-carb or check them out on the web if you're like at lowcarb.com
Live in the law
We're sports radio 516
QAM
Why are you bastards
20 single women looking for love travel to her remote chateau in France where they will meet him
They know he's handsome they know he's sophisticated and they know he's worth 80 million dollars
What they don't know is he has an STD which one of the 20 girls buying for his infection?
I mean a faction will he choose tune in each week for joking
Tages, I can't believe I'm here. This is so cool. I just hope I can handle all this rich food and expensive wine
Hey, I know what you mean. It really burns like when I take a leak
What?
Joking tages Tuesday nights on Fox catch it then get to a doctor
I'm 33
At 560 WQM. This is disturbing from the Brit paper the Guardian this morning somebody thanks this to me
Thank you so much UK word dossier sham say experts
British intelligence lifted from academic circles
Articles rather down a street was last night punched in a cute international embarrassment after it emerged at large parts of the British government's latest
dossier on Iraq allegedly based on intelligence material were taken from published academic articles some of them several years old a
Amid charges of scandalous plagiarism on the night when Tony Blair attempted to rally support for the US live campaign against Sodom
Hussein Whitehall's dismay was compounded by the knowledge that the disputed document was singled out for praise by the West Secretary of State
Cole and Powell in his speech to the one security council on Wednesday
citing the British dossier entitled a rack its infrastructure concealment deception and intimidation in front of a worldwide
Autelpage not ins Mr. Powell said I would call my colleagues attention to find paper that the United Kingdom distributed which describes an
Exquisite detail Iraqi deception activities, but on Channel 4 news that Channel 4 in England last night was revealed that four of the reports
19 pages have been copied with only minor editing and a few insertions from the internet version of an article by Abraham
Almorashi which appeared in the Middle East Review of International Affairs last September
How do you like that? I'm not going to read the whole thing, but
In fact, we probably ought to put this on the website
And Carlos has hopped right on it, but it just so much crap going on, you know what?
We'll get to our poll eventually, but there's a lot of crap for example speaking of pedophiles
A Georgia priest has been given 10 years in prison a 10 year prison sentence for a sexly abusing two-month gumbry county brothers in the early 1970s
This in Rockville, Maryland
Whalen Brown apologized to his victims during his sentencing yesterday saying he wished there was something to do to ease their pain
He had already pleaded guilty of abuse which took place while he was studying at a Washington seminary
Brown later became a priest in Savannah, but it hasn't worked in the church since 88
One of the brothers testified at Brown's hearing in Rockville yesterday that the abuse had ruined his life and made him consider suicide
An Oklahoma man testified that Brown also abused him during the 70s while he was a boy in Georgia
The man said Brown took him to Walt Disney World and made sexual advances to him during the trip just another isolated incident
What are so many of these things, you know, nuclear bomb hoax
From yellow times.com.org
In a speech in front of the UN Security Council February 5, 2003
Cole and Powell did not offer any viable new evidence concerning a rack's nuclear weapon capability
That Bush and his entourage continued to wave as a red flag in front of the eyes of the American people to incite them
Shamedfully into one unjust war on the contrary
The few flimsies so-called pieces of evidence that were presented by Powell regarding a supposed continued Iraqi nuclear weapon program
Serve only to weaken the American British accusations and reveal their untenable attempt to cover with a fig leaf
Their threadbar arguments and misinformation campaign the false and untrue pieces of evidence follow when it goes on for example
Powell in a theoretical query asked why the Iraqi scientists were asked to sign declarations with the death penalty
If not adhered to not to reveal their secrets to the iAEA inspection teams exactly the opposite is true
The four or five is that recall such declarations which are written to tell held us to the penalty of death in the event that we did not
Hand in all the sensitive documents and reports that may still be in our possession
This is written by a former Iraqi nuclear scientist
Imhan Kaduri had Powell's intelligence services provided him with a copy of these declarations and not dependent on the
Fectors testimonies who are solely motivated by their self promotion in the eyes of their beholders and
Available to a good Arabic translation about these declarations exactly said he would not
Had he had any sense been abiding by the truth mentioned this is evidence and it goes on we'll also put this one on there too
Okay, I want to overwork your near Carlos
But there's some pretty damn good stuff and obviously I don't want to sit here and read the whole thing
Because the public's convinced out there anyway. They bought it lock stock and viral right
And the fact that the polls say yada yada whatever the polls say that's what it's all about
We're gonna go in here and kick some ass, baby. I would say this though
This from MSNBC's website the state department warned americans have brought yesterday of the threat of new terrorists attacks using chemical or biological weapons
The worldwide alert came as US security officials told NBC news that they were considering raising the assessment of the threat of terrorist attacks
Two are you ready for this?
Orange
It's second highest level setting intelligence indications for plans of a major attack as early as next week
The threat assessment has been at the third or five levels yellow were elevated since September 24
The assessment was last at orange or high for two weeks beginning September 10 that they before the first anniversary of 9-11 attacks in New York and Washington DC
US officials said at the time that two captured members of Osama bin Laden's El-Katatari network had told interrogators of specific plans to carry out new attacks
Homeland security department official told NBC newspeak Williams yesterday that the level of concern without its high sense the 9-11 attacks
administration officials said they were reassessing the threat level one day at a time as the US moved closer to taking military action against
Sodom who sandwiched critics contend would inflame US sentiment among Muslims worldwide
Defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld dismissed talk that new attacks could be tied specifically to action in Iraq
It doesn't take an attack on a rack to unleash an attack a terrorist attack on the US. They've already done it rumsfield said
What do you think 9-11 was but
But a senior Bush administration official told NBC news that US intelligence have been intercepting a steadily rising number of conversations
Among suspected members and sympathizers of El-Katat the new intelligence some of which was described as very general
Suggested that the possibility of attacks around the world was higher now another concern is the arrival next week of Hodge
H.A.J.J
The week long period each year when observant Muslims make a pilgrimage to the Holy City of Mech in Saudi Arabia
US officials said the official told NBC news that intelligence had picked up discussions of possible attacks around the Hodge
While other official said extremists could be motivated by renewed religious fervor to launch more attacks. I just mentioned that in passing
Because we're not going to change anybody's mind
And
Dustin Hoffman blast to a ministration over Iraq
What the hell does he know?
I don't know he's a very good driver
Excellent
to ask her when a double Oscar winner Dustin Hoffman accused US president George W. Bush administration
manipulating the grief of the country post 9-11 to win backing for possible were the rack
Hoffman speaking as he picked up the lifetime achievement prize at the Empire of magazine film awards in central London
Added to the believed America's motives for going to war included power and oil
Huh for me as an American the most painful aspect of this is that I believe the administration has taken the events of 9-11
And many related the grief of the country. I think that's reprehensible Hoffman said the act you read it
I believe though I may be wrong because I'm no expert that this was about what most wars are about
H.A.J.M.E. power money and oil
Hoffman joins a number of Hollywood stars over tack Bush over Iraq, Diva Barber Streisand
Oi that's what the oyster said and actresses Jane Fonda and Susan surrender them on the most prominent pacifist
Jane Fonda who we know has got a lot of credibility
But actor Tom Cruise was very very macho and definitely not gay who start alongside Hoffman and rainman has come out and support the US president
Which is a very it's the macho thing to do right?
That proves it. Yep
20 till 10. I'm convinced 20 till 10 to 5 60 WQ and we're putting that pool on there, but boy I tell you there's got to be what about 600 choices on there
So prepare to scroll on our pool this weekend
Huh you have to have a lot of time if you're gonna scroll on the old pool
I'll tell you who's scrolling right now
They're just checking out the enormous number of vehicles on a lot. That's Tom Limon and your creator down the helipondy
FGMC the factory sent them so many vehicles
They're like up to their armpits up to their eyeballs and vehicles even time had a park a few in his driveway
That's the excuse for why they're there. They probably won't be going back
So need to place one in yours, which is a great idea right now
How let's blow on our all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the Pontiac vibe starting it as strikingly low
3998 and up to five grand off every GMC on boy and stock plus get you 0% financing or up to a
$3,000 rebate the choices yours and as always you'll find a gigantic lot full of dependable no lemons dependable pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs
It's the winter blizzard emergency clearance. They'll go on right now at helipondy act GMC
134 a one-soft Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week
If you're one of those people out there terrified to walk on a lot because you've got maybe a couple of blemishes on your credit record
Maybe your credit is lousy. Maybe it's crap
Have no fear because how it is here. They'll get you into a vehicle as always
They've even more when you mentioned the Arranger show call right now mentioned the Arranger's Neil Day of hotline at 1.885-34
4211 1.885-344-4211 for a hailed potty egg GMC who'll treat you great, which is one of the reasons they say we are a professional grade
I
Morning we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible
We hope we reach that goal
Tonight on Jerry Springer. It's the Balancing Edition
Feel for yourself damn sweet you fixed them up around my elk comee know you duck tape the door of the trailer
He spayed the dog
Followed to the kids except the jet-rope after you knocked out your chief. I just love you
I love you, but I wish you weren't a no good lover. You ain't got no job
And I'm tired. You still have my cigarette but Edna and bring him out dad hookers home
Edna when I'm looking late at the diner. He's not a hooker. She's my sister
That's tonight on Jerry Springer
I 46 5 60 WQM the man's a genius to your springer like I said
All you people don't want to ring your hands. Oh, that's disgusting
Hey, that's what the public wants okay if the public are a bunch of trailer trash morons
If that's what they enjoy watching are a bunch of other trailer trash morons
And a bunch of big fat anti-omamas on air beating the crap out of each other allegedly
Well, hey, that's so why he's making millions okay?
Give the people what they want we learned that on issue okay? No more
No more these long ponderous bedtime story shows you know a couple here in air like we've had already and then one more
Well, I look what do you want from me? Okay? I didn't invent this
Diocese spends priest after prior charges surface. This is in the Sun Sentinel so
Antio-Mamas on air beating the crap out of each other allegedly
Well, hey, that's uh, why he's making millions okay?
Give the people what they want we learned that on issue okay? No more no more these long ponderous
bedtime story shows you know a couple here in air like we've had already and then one more
Well, I look what do you want from me? Okay? I didn't invent this
Diocese spends priest after pro no sexual misconduct allegations against Johnson which surfaced in the 50s
I am unaware of anything in his background which would render him unsuitable to work with minors law wrote
Any discipline reaction against him would have to originate with the Boston church officials?
Varbaro said before you got some real problems up there in Palm Beach, okay?
Not a father problem is going on
Well, look at that. We have the pull-up already which is good. What's your favorite TV
Informer's like I said scroll on our poll before you write to judgment and maybe they'll have some others
But I can't imagine should we go down the list could take us till midnight to go down this list? Oh well in that case
What is about a hundred of mon here?
The ab door the abshaper the abdominal electrocution pads Chinese doctor electrocution pads
Yes to work out your abdomen
But they call it the electrocution pads
He couldn't find the real day
Act arrow bed the self-inflating air bed. Oh, yeah, I've seen that auto lock pro break lock both flex
Not bad bun and fire rocker
The John rocker Carlton Sheets real estate system. Oh, man that guy so full of sheet
De La Mille food love mover Richard Simmons richie Simmons. He's got a different one air. He's got playing cards
De La Mille a lot stuff. Swendid the oldies
It's called making richie some money because he's an obnoxious disgusting fruitcake and he has no talent and so he heard us said
Yeah, no, that was the other way around always say
Dremel tone facial lexasizer electro shock for your pus
Donald praise money making secrets now is that the uh that's the young guy kind of a good looking guy
I don't know. Yeah, one of them money making secret what the words the like this crap on TV and boy the money just come pouring in from suckers like you
That's a secret the egg wave microwave cooker for microwaving eggs
Isn't that just like a little plastic thing you stick the eggs in here does that cost at least 4 cent
Apple stop here removal spray what the hell is apple are you spelling these right or just uh EPIL that apple stop
I see fight the anxiety. What's that?
Anxiety tapes for anxious people I reckon I see other tapes and CDs
I'm like just a scene the flavor wave oven
The food saber vacuum packer. Oh, you know something that's one of my favorite. Yeah
You get to the point we just want to start wrapping people up in that stuff
Maybe we can maybe we can like take 10 what you just hand wrap it up in that thing
Just lots cheaper and put it in our eyes all kinds of things you can keep fresh in the food saber vacuum packer
Especially for all you back packers that go out there in those camping trips and some of you fudge
Packers are always gonna have a whole bunch of those plastic your containers full of nuts and seeds
and fruits
Tree bark tree barker to good you will give them to be proud
George Foreman grill which of course is the lean mean grill and machine which George gave me one of those years ago
And really looks good in my kitchen. I don't use it. I did use it a few times. It was good
But then you got to clean up the mess, you know, which I'm not big on to an end. That sucks
Girls gone wild videos
Now what's that I'm sure I've seen it
We have comedy bits making fun of it right and roll a flash and uh for beads. Oh, they're flashing it fun right
GLC great looking here and that's another round. They all expect oh, no, wait a minute says GLC here
Have you got a long years ago and we look good in my kitchen. I don't use it
I did use it a few times. It was good. But then you got to clean up the mess, you know, which I'm not big affect what
It cleans a cleans up your hand
And your feet wow, so either get the IG a perfect bath or maybe like a bar of coasted lawn cheaper probably internet treasure chest
What's that?
How to make money on the internet. Oh, I'm just gonna give him the microphone
No, the juice lady juicer and the juicy man juicer the juice lady. I guess is like with the smaller eyebrows the gyno version
Miracle blade two moving men nads hairy move gel
My assy nads you put them on your nads. I guess your castell probably would be a hell of a lot of the easier and shaman orange blow
Now we're talking my stuff. We got two back-to-back. Yeah
Billy maize the obnoxious bearded one Billy maize whose screams real loud. Hi, this is Billy maize for orange blow and oxyclean
And you're gonna smell like oranges your house is gonna smell like oranges your
Everything's gonna smell just like oranges. Oh maybe does maybe even tangierines
Although I'm a little confused on the purple stuff. I'm not sure which one that is that the oxyclean. That's purple
Which are gonna send you 45 tubs of that. Oh, what about the other stuff the blue? What do they call it?
You may you really blew it if I can say that
What do they call that blue gunk that's supposed to be for arthritis?
Oh, you know, it comes in the looks like a cottage. She's super blue stuff
Super blue is that what it's called that's got to be on the air find it. We'll find it on there super blue
I see that one all the time. You smear that all over it's kind of like mineralize
Oxyclean proactive facial cleaner anti-acting system think about that Carlos gets him
Rebo-stylar hairbrush that spins on its own. Oh, yeah, that cost about 16 cent to make
It's a little tiny. I think that like curls around in your head doesn't do anything robo QT hair cutter vacuum hair cutter
Oh, he's got his own
proactive the other and what is that to?
Dead obviously not much because he's using it the Ron Popeel food dehydrated. This is really good for your pot
I mean for your plants you know, I'd dry out your all your herbs. Well not too much plants not too much
Maybe the oven makes them a little bit too
Anyway, the Ron Popeel food dehydrated, which is a plastic chachki. Oh, there he goes being a
Sure, you're right. Wait. I found it
If I'm gonna suck on something it's not gonna be an oyster. Okay good
Uh, what was I just gonna say before you interrupted me with a really weak drop-in would man the dehydrated? Oh, that he hydrator
With the plastic trays that must cost about at least 19 cents to make that thing
And you plug the machine
Everything that Ron's got from the pocket fisherman to the plastic trays you plug the machine into the wall and the machine
Will make you the most beautiful like a parsley and sage and rosemary and thyme et cetera and so on
The Ron Popeel pasta maker man you want some really crappy looking pasta
You want to mess in your kitchen and really loud loud machine and a really loud grindy thing
Don't worry about it though because it'll break the second of time to third time use it
And then of course the wife finally after all these years came up with something good nice gone Ron
The Ron Popeel Showtime Ratsisserie barbecue, which already has got my vote
We're gonna say I hate all infomercialists got 23 votes
Rumba the automatic robot vacuum. That's that little thing we talked about yesterday that crawls around on the floor
Solo flex which used to be really good when Scott Mazden was the model and that thing. Oh, man
But it's still okay
Sonic here teeth care the sonic toothbrush the steam buggy portable steam cleaning unit
Sweating to the oldies richy Simmons come on super blue stuff
Super blue stuff stick it in there. Okay, that's that's uh, and I remember I asked down the year about that and nobody told me
Nobody had anything to say about it
Oh, they're made their wallet a lot lighter
We can't think of the name of the Steve Garvey one which I think they went to jail for that
They didn't even did the diet program and thank God that there's nobody in America
Oh, you know, what else we forgot nobody in America would exploit the misery and desperation of us fat people
What's that stuff?
They have that supposed a doctor sitting there in a real cheesy set with a plant in the background and the guy who's interviewing
Oh, what the hell's that stuff called is it pills? What is it? No, no, yes pills, but it's uh, oh, geez
It'll come to me all right
And then the eads you know her Marilyn and what has been the eads who hopped on the atkins and stripped that off
They're also pedaling that uh
It'll come to me. It's on the tip of my thing
Tebo, tybo, tybo, tybo
martial arts exercise tapes the five masters Susan Summers blue thigh thing
She's got blue thighs from using it the thunder stick another one of my very favorites never seen it
You never saw this real trailer trash old lady is there she's got this cheesy little and then that real goofy looking guy
Who looks like a radio sale use car radio salesman on a bad day real dressed up like a slide sounds interesting
And you take the the little plastic containers and you stick the thunder stick in there and you put a bunch of milk and it whips it up makes you in a whole
With like a grinder on a stick thing. Yeah, I might as well. Hey, the thunder stick. Let's get three stick it
Time-like music CD collections are actually pretty entertaining to watch sometimes Tony Robbins with that big face
He's got a head that weighs a hundred pounds torso tiger the torso tracks his and Summers the total gym check Norris and Christie Berkeley
The turbo cooker the Windsor pilots exercise tapes with celebrities what
Windsor pilots Pilates
Excuse me the zap all-purpose cleaner and Z-Max all-wrench and lubricant improvement liquid stuff
Those are just a few and I'm sure they'll have some of their own at least we hope
No, the sickle me Elmo craze here is great news
Kids are gonna love the new take a lead jack O'Dough
The life like Michael Jackson flush toys
That titters when you tickle its genital and mom not only is a machine washable but the color gets lighter with every
Why and it comes some please
With the touchable nose and knee into check one
The tickle me jack O'Dough new from built in vanley recommended for boys ages six through twelve
If you missed well, I was the beginning of that which I had to be a pot down serve about them
Am I sorry about it not really here's a couple of factors from one of our chronic factors
It's said the one for the and where the hell did he go he's the infomercial queen. I mean expert
Where how the Carlos go maybe to smoke or pee no he he can't smoke during the show when he's in volume
I mean when he's not involved which is most of the time anything meaningful. That's okay
He can't smoke or pee
The one for the shirt folder the one where you place the shirt on a little cardboard or plastic folding thing in a flip it toward the middle and a
Folded shirt perfectly. I've seen that all right. That's on
Okay, then the sure is listening. He can just stick it out there
What does he know also what says like the small handy 600 one vacuum cleaner picks up nuts and bolts and everything else are floating
Bullying balls and dildos. I got one at brands mark mines called the shark
The shark vacuum I guess I don't know and of course he's he's not here. He's out sticking around somewhere
So we don't know since he since this is his one area of expertise that we finally found is TV infomercials
And he's out diddling around with his shark
He's squeezing it didn't say where he was going. He just up and left. What's your favorite TV infomercial we ask today?
Plus did you see Michael Jackson last night because I didn't and George didn't he said the oh he went to get the male
I say he went to get the very important male. Isn't our male important? No, no, no
We need you in here. We don't need you to slap it around getting the goddamn male, okay?
We need you in here to tell us about the shark a little vacuum whatever
And what was the other one with the plastic bag a shirt folder? What's that called? You know shirt folder of the shirt folder
I don't know. We didn't need him for that anyway the shirt folder
You've seen that thing and then they what's the thing where they have the plastic thing where you put your for the travel
Nothing where you put your pillows in it
Haven't you ever seen that one the space saver? This is very good the space saver
Where you take your huge big fluffy pillows and you put them in his plastic and a plastic
You'll be squeezing and popping it sucks all the air out and by the your your pillows the size of a posted stand
Right, and then when you get to like Lisbon, where ever now you're going or do a Madrid or like to a
Bad that you you unload your bag dad and you like
Let it out and it all puffs up again nice and fluffy and etc
Let's see that kind of nice easy to travel if you have a big dog you're traveling with who I guess huh?
Or your mom or my would be good
That sounds really like a wiener to me stick her in the overhead right
43 people say I hate all-in commercials. That's bad. How could you say that?
That's probably because they never saw a good one or because they don't have the patience to sit through and realize that a lot of those over
You're entertaining even though you would never ever well you never know if you get hooked
Maybe that's what they're afraid of that they're gonna get hooked and they're gonna actually wind up making these
17 easy payments of only 49 99 each things like that
48 people say I hate all-in commercials
19 guess which one is leading I'll give you one guess pocket fisherman girls gone wild. Oh what a surprise huh
Girls gone wild videos. That's what they want to see
Ron Popeel Showtime artistry barbecues tied with the Ron Popeel pocket fisherman would seven appease
Nice gone Ron
See of course when you watch the girls gone wild you can go pocket fishing at the same time
No question about that and maybe get hooked on it now. Let me ask you this
The pocket fisherman is that also referred to as a machine. Oh, and guess what how could we forget?
You schmuck
Since we've got a whole we got at least two bits on it the Ron Popeel Vegematic
That slices and dices and uh entices
Right right of course and makes everything as small as little rice's
Oh, sorry kind of leaves. Sorry. Let's see the pocket fisherman. I never saw one for come on get out of town
We got four people in the audience never saw an infomercial
Oh
Maybe they don't have cable that maybe they don't have a TV
Look if they got a pop-up toaster that's all they need it. They're so frequent. They're all in a place
You're surrounded by them. You're living under the overrowning in a sea of infomercials
Tony Robbins three and then it's a small potatoes after that
Out of our first uh whatever we got votes
101
So the pole is up there and like peruse and then anything you don't find in there
We'd like to hear from it because we want to make a complete list of what at least two three and a half at least four hundred
Keep you off the streets this weekend
WQ a.m. How you doing today? Okay, good. I figured if I call now you could knock one of those payments off
Okay, one of the 1499 payments on how you doing now excellent good good all right have a good day
I'm sitting here. Yeah, I mean it was uh, you know very enthusiastic and so on, but what does that mean?
Did we give out our toll-free number to call and our operators are standing by?
I see okay, well figured it out once the food gets here. Okay, since column and the party started
Which is when Ira shows up and probably scottled tag along too, you know, he's a tag along
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Michael Jackson the freak friend or foe that's our pull that's our honor question today
George says he was had a bad childhood a bad upbringing and so that's a good excuse for why he's molesting all these little boys
Everything that's what you said and that's what Joe Castello called you and also said
Is that he called? No, he was talking about it on the air Carlos heard it. Oh, you're confused and he said what?
What did he say with reasons
But he feels sorry for him and I don't he's not a pedophile and uh, he's the wait wait
You know something I feel sorry for us
Because Joe before he got married used to be a really good guy. He was our good friend now all I can say is
He's an asshole. He goes on the air is belly-hacking about my picking on old people
You can't do that because we're all gonna get old. He's become a goody too. She was no wonder the numbers are in the tank
No wonder Moe is bitching about having no leading
Huh?
You think we got a badly now you'd like to follow that
To desperate guy. I mean Joe just got married. I guess it the thrill is long gone by now like Michael would say the thrill is gone
Huh, nobody would say
But I mean to be defending him and say he's not a pedophile
based on what
uh
He's a wack job
The wq aam hello
Tamarack yes sir
Neil
Talk about Monday what made him so goofy or sociopathic yeah
Uh, he was born to a girl that was you know barely pubes and and he was raised with the impression that his mother was actually a sister
Right, that's right
Five grand more right
But uh in terms of
Infomercials could you play vagimatic at some point okay?
You got it
Let's say how to tend for us
Hope it's not getting uncomfortable five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello stop reading please
Yeah, he don't like the articles. I guess he doesn't like the content
And the answer is no I'll read whatever the hell I want to read okay. What's he had what's he had nothing for us
He had stopped reading please he's got nothing to say look
If I thought I could sit here and take eight million phone calls all day whether they were good batter and different
It wouldn't be any problem. I never read anything
But uh, it's the same old Neil begs for calls. That's what you want
Don't do me any fun to sit here and read and feel like I have to read a mile a minute because I don't want to put everybody into a coma
But there's some things that need to be read as opposed to just the usual spoon fed propaganda that the public sucks up
Oh, we'd like you so much when you're just doing fun and games because once you start with your liberal
Yeah, right with a few points that you don't want to be expressed on the airways of America. We don't understand that don't we? Yes. Yes, we do
Oh, and I didn't put you down and he said but you know what take that diary and stuff it up your ass. Okay pal
We don't pander to anybody on the show because if we did believe me the nature of this program would be a lot different
I'd become real heterosexual overnight guaranteed
I'd be talking about boobs and butts and boyking and whatever the hell a hot time up can said
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? You okay? Um, I have a question. Did you read a couple of days ago?
I was looking at the BBC website and
new and they had
article about the church and um, how it's against all new types of new age
Freemant from whether functuate yoga or whatever and then the same cleat
The it says of the Pope like Harry Potter now my person is it any
contradicting the same people who say Halloween and
Witches and all right is taking it and I guess the
Ain't Harry did you know that tabitha's a witch? Oh, yeah
I'm gonna say that is ask K. She'll tell you tabitha's a witch
Oh, there's look at that. There's an eight by the way, but you're honky to you. It's in parking pass
You did want the a Tampa big game which is tomorrow night
Which I can't imagine why anybody want to go see that but there you go
Uh the old Michael Jackson album a record. Hey boys and girls all you punk's out there under the age of 70
They used to make records and there's Michael Jackson off the wall. This is a keeper. Yeah, let's put this on the wall
Wasn't she pretty then huh?
We remind her of look at that with the black bow tie and a black suit and nice clean white shirt and a black skin
Yeah, and that's right and his skin was actually like black back then is supposed to very very whatever it is now
Like very light mocha real nose and a real nose
He looks like almost human right there. Yeah, skin is like well
Let me ask you something if he had that bad upbringing and bad childhood
Which is the reason he's still living his childhood and don't understand that everything how come back then
He seemed to be like a little bit better adjusted uh did it what did this like was this like I know about no delay
Is that what it is? It was like on time delay. It was always after excuse maker. It was on time. I was making it
He was okay back then but now word twister
You and Joe Castell enjoyed it the hip no wonder he goes with it the swing club would you all the time huh?
They're not fooling me either one of them
I mean how could you possibly even say that why do you you're such a hard-ass to begin right?
Why do you keep making excuses for sending white shirt?
Broke test and freaky do you think it's nice that uh 44-year-old guy sleeping with 12 and 13 year old boy that
Word twister and this kid is putting his head on his shoulder and they're holding hands. It's disgusting
He's a sicko. You know what we say and again
I'm not I want to make very careful because all the right wingers out there see those facts
But the fact that matter is when I see a guy holding another guy's hand quite like that
You know what I say your gay that's what I say yeah and in his case you're also a pedophile on top of it
Which was what is really reprehensible and you're making excuses
Even more than reprehensible. I would find it disgusting in rotesque. I was not
Buzz
Yeah, let me tell you right now call our friends at dollar my friends. You'll get a good night sleep all need
Oh, they will not sell to you if you're gonna be sleeping with little boys in your bed
Okay, unless you're another little boy, which I guess maybe it's your brother cousin sleepover
Anyway, then don't care whatever you're doing on there. It's not their business call
1-800 mattress
1-800 MATT or S never great night sleep from valumatris because if you don't get a good night sleep
You feel like crap you know that already you wake up in the morning
You don't feel like you've had any rest
dial amatris guarantees you the top mattresses in the world. They got seely service him in the king coral every size every style
And you have 30 days to try it out in your home to make sure it's the best mattress for you in your back
The best comfort exchange policy under the sun the best delivery policy too any day the week
You know how worse seven days a week do you pick the two our window when it's convenient when you're gonna be home
And they'll be there to take away the crappy old bedding and start up the exciting new one
Unbeatable everyday low prices too
So why would anybody with a brain slip all over town to bed in your department stores when the smart way is to do what I'm doing in Georgia
McGill and everybody else is doing get you a great new mattress a name brand mattress is an unbeatable price from dollar mattress
One easy call. That's all it takes one 800 mattress
1-800 MATT RES or check them on the web if you like it mattress.com
This is 43560
Tonight on HBO he was only a corporal during the first world war but 20 years later
He was elected chancellor. He tried to conquer the world through brutality and brilliant military tactics
Even though he was a little lightness jackboots the saga continues in deflaming fjure
I'm y'all we are ready to mount our attack. I have a men battle Hodgents
Y'all hold mine fjure then let's get started. We need to attack from the behind and penetrate from the rear
They're flaning furor tonight on HBO. Mind your the enemies. What are vacations have stiffened?
I love stiff fortifications
We must take a firm grip in the bulge area zip down the front lines then swallow anything those yanks erect
It's history like you've never seen it before
We'll see how church are like smoking mine not worse
1070-560 WQ I'm happy Friday to the miracle blade knife you jackass is this fact
You're also a sailor that's spurring burping speak for me. Hello George. Hey
the
The
Huh hello George. No, not you
Not you what is it the mirror like if he wasn't the one talking
If you're gonna talk on that thing get closer to it. I you were just mumbling
What he throws the microphone over here like if he was and
Miracle blade you got it. Yeah, what is that?
It's on the what is that well there are more of those things with the sharp knives to get oh the ginsu
What do they call that the ginsu what?
The Ginsu day
jamey corkles real estate scam. It says who is now serving 20 years in prison for fraud along with his wife
I don't remember that jamey corkles real estate scam
I don't and what makes him any worse than that
Carlton sheets
I
Also got that years ago. I have that sitting. I think I never threw it out the Carlton sheets thing
You know what it is no real estate. It's about your sheets. No, not the kind you sleep on like like these to paper
The flowbie
How could we forget the flow now? What is the flowbie do I remember the main hair cutter? It's a you attach it to your vacuum cleaner
Oh, yeah, I remember that and here I put your hair. Let's talk. I'll write down to
Wow, I know some barbers like that
Here's one that says you didn't mention Tony the fat guy can't mention orange glory
They'll cut down your house due to citrus canker that's a good point
But Tony the fat guy that's the one that I was telling you before the chef the little round rotun chef
He sells the ginsu knives among many many other things
Mel that's the name of the guy with the the mirror of the wonder stick
Thunder stick wonder thunder stick male. He's had a bunch of mel some schmuck a puss
He's got like an overhang and he's always dressed even sloppier than I am and just uh and then he's got
This red necky old broad. I can't believe you never saw the thunder stick
Maybe and she's taking her peanuts since he puts them in a plastic thing and she's making peanut butter and she squishing them all around, you know
You never saw that oh that's a lot of fun man. You better start watching your infamous
Mr
Instead of listening to that Michael Jackson album
Too bad we don't have over again. We don't have a turntable. We could hear all the pops. We do have we have a cart machine
But if I am guilty of anything it is of giving all that I have all that I have to give my penis
My buttocks my lower torso thighs and any other error that they wanted to help children all over the world
Exactly you know what I'm most said about Michael Jackson's music. I'm infectious. Uh-huh
1019 at 560 w.w.w.m
I hate all infomercial 71 of these hardhearted bastards out there and you aren't they hate them all come on
Where's the fun in it? I'm sorry. I forgot where I was
Girls gone wild videos 31 now we're talking
Ron Pupil pocket Fisherman 10 the Ron Pupil Showtime Rethisbury barbecue 9
You better get with it. That's a great infomercial
And then he's got the one where his daughter is on there the one I used to love and they don't put around that the cross-eyed
Brought it used to do all the ones with him and she had a whole bunch of infomercials
I just remember her. She was like like Karen Black cross-eyed
But anyway she'd start out the infomercial and say and I want all of you to welcome Ron Pupil and he come on
Hey, I know I want to thank you for being here because I know you're busy busy like like he was donating his time
And what a wonderful thing that a busy man like him with in the meantime is his own then infomercial location your product is I as uh
Oh god, I know you're busy busy
You know with that and now we got the other chick that's got all the magazines which he practically dropping on the floor
Oh, you're just getting so much publicity. You're all over the place. You're in this one and that one and better homes and gardens and better conjobs
whatever
So you better get with at Showtime Rethisbury barbecue
In fact, maybe some people will call in and tell us that they've actually bought some of these things
See, I have no shame. I mean, that's why I'm working here. I have no shame
So I'm not embarrassed to tell you that I bought the Carlton Sheets thing a long time ago when I was a schlepper
I was gonna have a cell real estate buy it and sell it sell it and buy how to go for you
Sheets
Yeah, sheets in the closet
Sheets on your bed sheets in the closet. What the uh don't look pretty
Money making. I never got that one yet. That's why he's living under the overpass
Oh, you mean Carlos yeah, he's still living under the overpass, but he does get his mailer and that's a good thing
Now it does get it does get blown away on a windy day. That's the unfortunate part of it
But he does get his mail it's called a mail drop
They just drop it like right next to his burlap sack
5 6 7 0 5 60 here's a call from hi alia. Hello
The buying mail. Yes, sir. Oh, well, you know the showtime rotisserie girl has two versions
There's a cross-anating which is Judy right and then there's the girl from the loveboat
So there's two different versions that I one there's several different ones. There's the new slightly smaller one
Have you seen that one? I've seen I want to when I was when I was only 18 payments of 129 99
Even if I'm even if I'm watching anything else and I see that I'll stop and watch it
But my favorite one. I don't know if you've seen it. It's the jack-la-lane juicer. Oh, yeah
He looks like he's 900 years old like why would I want to buy that juicer? So he can look just like him
And he's still wearing the same outfit from the 50s or the six exactly
What a trip. All right, Neil. Thank you very much. Okay, squeeze it hard
He's squeezing it on the jack-la-lane juicer
I guess that's if you're gonna do one of those juicers the idea is to take these real old guys and look at this
I'm still alive because I'm the juicy man. I'm drinking all this juice
I'm I'm busy juicing all day long. I'm squeezing it
But the fact that a matter like he says is who would want to look like that?
Who would want to look like most of the people in the infomercials like fat Tony like male like that red necky broad with her thunder stick
I don't even know where she's sticking that thing
I can only speculate. It's a cause thunder. I guess thunder
That's it the um what you call it
Outback
The outback the chocolate thunder
So you're making a worse the chocolate thunder down under I've had that
Here's Miami. Hello
Yes, sir. How are you doing, Neil? Great. I have a shameless request. Yeah, can you play the one
Where it's a dama and his generals are fooling the you on the inspectors
Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line you see build up a little enthusiasm and momentum
Although we do have lunch coming which is really good
From your good close personal friend ira
And you know, I'll tell you one thing if Scott comes in here. I just might kill some people
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
For Lauderdale. Oh, I'm sorry you don't be sorry
Have you seen the one the commercial with Ron Jeremy for extent?
Are you kidding me in a
Oh, you haven't seen it. You're seated. Yeah for what how can they put that on the air? Oh, they do they have it on the year
It's on a cable too. It's a penal extensions thing. Yes. Yes. Yes extend Ron Jeremy and a bunch of pork we
I gotta keep my eye out for that
Okay, when I'm gonna this is I go home. I'm gonna program my TV to make sure to block it out
I'm not pulling your leg or you're not pulling okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good man. He's surprised
I haven't seen it like I would linger on the image of Ron Jeremy
For more than a minute second would you would anybody? I said won't allow that much hair to come on
Let's it blocks it out. There ought to be a chair
So you've seen that and say penis extender and how to now that I think about it. How does that work?
It's a medicine. Oh, it's a medicine. It's another damn pill. It's like vagra light or vagra intense or whatever
Ron Jeremy. Hey one day you can look just as good as Ron and maybe you can be double-jointed too, but I doubt it
You can be a human furball like Ron. Remember that day that he was in here?
I'm trying to and the way that some of the people in this building were carrying on I mean why I don't know why I don't know
I don't get it. I don't understand it. Maybe they don't understand if Peter North was in a building
Maybe a few years ago before he got to be 90 or if like Bambi Woods or one of those people was in a building
But Ron Jerry oh
And when I told him that right to his ugly pussy got he was actually legitimately offended. He was he was offended
I'm fat. Yeah, you're a fat and very
I don't understand like like Julio now. We like Julio engineer Julio a lot. He's a great guy
But he's a fat tub
He's not pleasingly pump. He's a fat tub. He's huge
This doesn't make him a bad guy, but he gets he's not that
Carly's leading on the door believe me. It'll take a lot more than you to keep him out of there and he's got the key
So why is it that so many fat people like like oh? You don't say that I'm pleasantly pumped. No, you're not you're a big tub run
Ron freaking Jeremy man good god
Put more and put your clothes back on the more you take off the more nauseous we get and what was bigger his gut or his ego
no contest
ego
massive ego
But he's a close friend of a good buddy of yours 26 past 10 at 560 WDQ
I mean you can use both their apartments someday. Okay. Use the apartment
I'll tell you a great place who's also a good friend of others people is
Jeff Cohen
And then interesting how this I've pointed that over the years right sooner or later all the pieces of the puzzle
They fit together, you know
And they are right here Jeff Cohen a really wild and woolly guy
He's got two fantastic restaurants in Broward County the pizza loft
There's the original Broward location. That's on university driving between Griffith and 595 right behind
Pier 1 imports and they big pizza loft plaza with about six million acres of free parking
Right kitty corn of the ermidocafe and then you got the brand new pizza loft in plantation
And boy did we ever need something really good
Out there because it's really sparse for that kind of a restaurant anywhere in West Broward
And they're on a corner of Navhilins Sunrise right behind Walgreens both restaurants featuring the same delicious Italian goodies
Everything is cooked fresh made to order nothing is pre-fat no crap
They got three different kinds of great pizza the best garlic rolls I guarantee you've ever had in your
Our life and they got chicken and veal and seafood and they got calzone super subs and lots more too
Like I said prices are always very reasonable so you in a whole family can eat as often as you want
If you want to take out our delivery or catering they do that too in
Davie call this number 954 916 888 954 916 888 and of course implantation 382
1999 954 382 1999 and whatever you do make it a resolution it's February already
But not too late to make a resolution in order to make up for the fact that rumors gonna get to 400% discount now
We don't give you a look at how we damn well get the matter up
I'm making sure that you're not gonna get that free lunch
So order a compensate for the fact that the rumors are gonna be in there for free eat more often unusual like 10
20 30 times a week at the world famous pizza lot both locations
And look
Put the door
Oh
No more
I got enough I gotta think about on top of getting right there and I don't need a rating that's a minus eight
A russian guts to go
There's a lot of fat producers you know
You
Oh
Right all that blah blah I don't understand how you can eat from a trough while using both the
You just like clippin it's all your
Straight dip that ass out
That's right
Oh
10 32 5 60 W and he held me to good show this morning
Mo was out his dog I guess is sick or something and the guilty was on their loan did a pretty interesting show
All that beat had a very great ambiance here this morning
Ordus Clarence was near monitoring the show is pretty interesting
Uh paul says don't forget the flowbie haircutting system
Well, we didn't probably just mention it like about 10 seconds ago
He probably won't pay too much attention
They even vocus says how about the information running now for the pasta cooker
Yeah, this is heavy duty now. It's all over the place
The pan with the holes in lid that you turn the lid and it locks in place
So you go pour the water out
It says this one's funny because they have these retards pouring water from regular pans
And dumps spaghetti in the sink like idiots
They show all these clumsy assholes
splattering and burning and
poaching and oyster ring got forbid you should use a colander
Yeah, a colander
They actually have such a thing and David Vocus says they're stupid
Yeah, is it really that hard to drain drain spaghetti? I don't think so
David Vocus at the end of his fax he says
Don't don't worry pretty said
Here's one that says is miscleo the psychic considering infomercial you bet
It sure was gotta get miscleo on there even though it may not the doesn't have to be one of son right now and another good one
The blue blockers sunglasses with the fat wrapper the blue blockers the blue blockers
Don't we have a bit on that the blue we need something somewhere something somewhere a blue blocker bit
Also the snack master
Now that's what is that oh yeah, that's the one where you like that would be perfect for me for my grilled cheese sandwiches
Oh, that's triangular
Cook or thing that's right that's been a long time back. We have a good memory for that
And that was a pretty good thing it looked like
Yeah, what is the the grilled the grilled part of it was like a like a grill off a lion like a portable waffle iron
And you just it folded over so you can make like grilled cheese sandwiches on there or whatever is that the name of it snack master?
The snack master very good. Thank you so much also country western's 160 greatest hits
Well, can you imagine how much picking and guinea you could do 160 greatest hits you could pick until your brain bled
I
Mean you don't have to put these under necessarily the snack master probably does in addition which most of the people hate these all anyway
Which is why we ought to be doing this
We're asking today what's your favorite
TV uh, informational assuming now we could ask which one do you hate the most or is the most annoying but we don't want to be so negative
Do we always accuse me of being negative right? I try to be a little positive and I still think that a lot of them are very entertaining
Especially compared to so much of the crap that's on round the clock crap turn on the cable crap
You turn on satellite number one more crap satellite too. I mean you can smell it
Like yeah, you know like your TV set not to be sitting in a septic tank. It's surrounded by so much crap
So you get a good informational understanding this is a pretty interesting they could be playing along. I'm playing along
I don't watch these things
Right, what do me you don't watch these things?
One of the uh the thongs the butt lifting one. Yeah, right. That's what they watch
I hate all infomercials 90 girls gone wild videos 44
Ron Popeo Showtime versus rebargu barbecue 13 lucky 13 for Ron
I'd love to hear from somebody who's got one of those
Because everybody says those are really good
Not that I want one. What am I gonna do with it? I have no no need for what am I gonna do?
I could I guess
Does it fold down that small?
Ron Popeo pocket fisherman 11 never saw one seven seven people
By the way, how's Gilbert doing any raspberries today? Not yet. Oh, we're on you Gilbert
We're on to you and let me tell you right now
We're gonna set Luca Brotsey fat rich and Dave the cop to your house to beat the crap out if you don't cut it out
We're on to you
Yeah, and the other one that he does it that we can't share that we can't see on a year right figures
Figures that somebody like you with those stick glasses who just has no life whatsoever needs constant never ending attention
Would be the one. It's like constantly incestantly bugging a crap out of the people on the phone here
Yeah back to you like those dust by the way really
Round of clock. Well in the clock nine stop round the clock. Thank you
Joanne Markish he's like
Oh, I love them eddy K everybody and that's your fault you do understand. Oh, yeah, because you won't put them on the ear
That's right even though you keep telling me to yeah, I want to talk to Gilbert come on Gilbert. Everything is okay
Wow
Wow
Schmuck here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. I heard something that was disturbing from CNN news
Yeah, they want to have a portable creamatoriums for the military. Yeah, that's on our website. We put that
Sorry, that's okay. I have the pasta perfect and it works for all foods that you have to boil and hot water
It works excellent. I like it. So in other words a calendar doesn't get the job then all I guess there are other things
You could boil it wouldn't be like working a calendar so good. Yeah, you get two sizes of small and medium
But it does work. I think it's probably over price though. How much was it?
Mine was like $29
$29
I guarantee one of those plastic calendars which I have one at home. I have one in my apartment in Toronto
I have one even and I'm stood on uh, they probably cost like a what buck 98
Yeah, I have those too, but you got a cheese grater with it. Oh, well, if I knew that I'll get to thanks a lot. Okay, it sounds really great
See, I mean look those things wouldn't be on there unless suckers like us were buying them hand over fist. Okay, they're on there because it's on television
And no matter how much we know we're getting con it slides like all these people with their newsletters
The financial newsletter even Dr. Bob Arnet who is now no longer Dr. Bob and now an international expert on everything from aviation to world affairs
He had a newsletter on health. It was crap
Not that these people would exploit the fact that they're on television for fun and profit to try to suck the blood money out of all of us suckers out there
But they do they do I wish I could think of that Steve Garvey one
Because that really fries my ass. Oh, and they're showing all these people shoveling. You know what it looked like?
What what the hell is that the REM song?
Give me hints. They're the most recent the big hit they hit last year that was playing all the time
Were they really religion? No, I don't lose. That was last year losing my
religion what is wrong with this man to this man again
But anyway, they're all sitting and they're any happy people
But it reminds me and all these people are sitting around there and an outdoor barbecue and they shove it all this big thick juicy
Cheeseburgers with big buns and fries greasy fries and you can eat all of these things and watch the pounds pour off your body
And there's Steve Garvey one of the most boring people on the face of the earth. It's not like the turbo cooker. Is it?
The air cooking thing
They're pills. What did I just say they're pills to lose weight
What is the turbo cooker got to do with losing weight french fries you mentioned french fries now
No, the idea is that you can eat all these things and still lose weight by popping these pills
And then the other pill is the exercise in the bottle for those of you who are too lazy to exercise former
And that's it and former did somebody call with that or do you know he found it? The informer. Oh, yeah
I want to inform you that those people are mostly in jail at this point
And then Tom Bosley was on one where he was peddling some crap, but I remember what it was and he
He there's like a ten minute disclaimer in the beginning but well
He's got to protect his reputation and you know him from happy days and
You know how he wouldn't endorse anything unless it was really the emis and then he goes on to some scam
I don't know what it is some crap
Somebody will know what that was Tom Bosley who annoyed me to begin with and I hate to say it. I never liked that show anyway
Am I the only one happy days? Yeah, I hate it was horrible
I hated that show. Hey, I like it when Scott bail came on her, but that's because I'm an old fag you know, I liked looking at him, but
Huh he didn't like faunzy no faunzy are you kidding me? What are yours? I wouldn't wipe my ass with his face
And it's ready of course of course now. He's a great director. You know Ron Howard. It's not Ronnie. I'm Ron Howard
He's a brilliant director and he's right and maybe he is I don't know. Yeah, it's good enough for John Stockwell
I'd like to shake John Stockwell's hand just once. He's an old man. I was like 40 something
Ancient you know who that is grizzled. I talked about a million times. He was uh, I know who he is a fine young man
20 before now. He's probably a fine old man like some of us were getting pretty old use
Haha in fact, I'm almost ready for my young and checkered pants
I heard most say that a couple days ago almost drove off the road and then I loved it when Gildy said what do you mean?
Almost nice going Gildy Gildy's pushing up a little bit. I guess he really wants jugs job extra bad now
Hey, if you outgrown your home is your family getting bigger need more room for an at home office and nursery sewing room
And umashter bedroom or bath maybe a place to stir all of those pieces of crappy bottom the infomercials
Well, whatever we need more space for your place called our guys at strictly additions
Strictly additions is your one stop shop morph space for your place place when the worry for your ports are expanding your living space
They show up exactly when they say they will in other words on time you won't have any hidden charges
There's the experts at pulling permits to so the work gets completed on time
And now for the new year you can use your income tax return to get all the work done for you
All you people out there shopping for new homes. Why bother?
By the time you sell you buy you clothes and move you might as well put some equity pull some equity out of your current home and call strictly additions
You'll pay for a new addition to your home that you already love call strictly additions today at 9 5 4
7 9 1 8 100 that's 9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100 their license they're in shared professionals
They did a super job in Georgia's house calls 9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100 for free estimate call cragger Patrick
Stricted additions going to save you lot of time a lot of cash you won't have to move to improve get you a whole new house with the same
Address call 9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100 for strictly additions today
Be sure and tell them that old PD Lenny told you to call
My local
This is 560
The radio's on your
Q&A
Get a bit nervous the terror threat is being raised to orange today
It's Friday you
Best
Good
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff looking to start
Finding out the sweet girl you had to crush on in high school has posed naked in playboy might be a little traumatic
But what man wouldn't want to simply get over it and bang her anyway
Certainly not the jay guiles band
Listen man it was harsh I used to see that girl every day in home room
I thought she would be pure perfect forever
You just don't picture an angel bust in a hymen know what I mean
J. Giles leads in your Peter wolf who suffers from a classic Madonna horror complex
According to psychologist Helen Kyrman with the Madonna horror complex the woman is a saintly
Virgil beauty or she is a filthy horror
The man desires both but can only make love to the filthy horror
Unless of course the filthy horror is Madonna herself of of course. Oh, oh, it got bad for Peter man
He would just stare at that xenophold all day and his eyes would tear up the band's manager
Slapy gold describes the horrible day that Peter wolf turned out to me emergency room
Finally he couldn't help himself. He gets naked lays out the magazine xenophold and
Well, let's just say that's how that old story guy started
You know about getting it caught on a staple Peter wolf himself remembers that day
After several bunched reconstructed surgeries
Peter wolf put aside his fears of seeing his old high school crush with her close off and made a date
arranging to take her to a motel room and take him off in private
So my sweet angel was a dirty whore after all
Hey now that I can hump the J. Giles band
retrograde male bulls**t since 1982
It's a big juicy sobbing wet look at show business tonight on inside the mind
1047 560 W here on the terror threats being raised to orange today
Beginning of the show we told you that they were thinking about it. Now they're gonna do it
Are they telling us why uh? No anything specific no, they never do that
But it's high
I'll start getting more nerfs
Here's the facts about Jeff rumor
From George and Montreal who says listening online and Montreal go to Florida every winter
Yuck it says ask rumor about Pete Rose ask him about how Pete Rose bitch slapped rumor in the exposed club house 1984
Yeah
And it's very and I'm gonna save this as rumor about this next time we have free meals at the pizza lot
Remember was just as annoying in Montreal as he is in Florida. They says George from Montreal
George is laughing real hard rumor. I wonder he hates you like for you. Oh, to send Peter card if it's free
It's me. No, maybe that's why I wonder if he was a freeloader in Montreal. Well
Yeah, this is a new thing for silly thing to ask Steve Garvey discusses being sued for infomercial selling weight law system
And here's our good friend hour
This is about 85 pages that are not so good friend Dave Jeff Heiss neighbor sent me with a whole interview about to Steve Garvey
Thanks very much for wasting our time Dave
I don't sure your intentions were good. How you doing? I wrote nice to see what I noticed that Scott didn't come in now wonder
It's such a good day. Yeah
Well, he's probably guarding the place because we got that orange alert now
Don't anybody get nervous now. We've been on orange alert before and
Work this still spinning around talk about how difficult was it going to be to come from orange back down to yellow
Yeah, how difficult is that gonna be you know how we're gonna survive with us
What level of hysteria are we supposed to I wish they would tell us just how hysterical we need to be and how many hours per day
We have to hide under the bed. I think we should be hysterical enough to go home
Okay, well right after lunch. I was
I'm panicking. I'm having an anxiety right after he's a free food from Atlantic City
So it's a hybrid where I were mixed a difference we could take a bag lunch home. Yeah, we could take a sack home
What's your favorite TV infomercial we're asking today?
And I guess the Michael Jackson thing last night, although I'm sure many many people saw it
What is there to say besides Georgian?
Joe Castell defending him on the grounds that he was confused and abused and keep lying you said it
I wasn't defending him. What do you keep doing?
You rationalizing his ever-in-one self-discipline behavior. Okay, and I think they know every move that they're making from hanging it
Kid over to balcony
And just no just watching it look at the result CD and record sales are booming now
Not just in Britain but around the world rationalize millions of dollars worth of free publicity
He's been doing it for years now for decades
Just like Madonna every slutty thing she does the media hops on it and the story too. Yeah, I don't think she's a crazy person
Well, he's a next boy. Do you know it's a good thing to do this thing about TV infomercials because television is the greatest conduit if I can say that for peddling crap
Bolshevik to the public take a look at what's going on with this a war war about to embark on huh?
Now what a great salesman job they did they put a the number one salesman in the government colon palm there
And he's a very credible guy would never steal a freight train everybody said look at that look at that tube
He'd steal a first one. This is that conversation
And said ever and so on and now he's got everybody in the Democrats all ruled over like dominoes a domino park and that's the end of that we're going in
And I don't mind going in if
If everything goes according to oil do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's the question that it would be really nice if we could eliminate him
Although be nice if we didn't have to spend hundreds of billions of dollars to do it
That would be even nicer to eliminate one man in his immediate son and a few other. Yeah, yeah can't do it
I got news for you. Why don't we get some practice in the next couple of weeks?
Why don't we just get rid of Castro and his brother Raul that's a kind of a dress rehearsal as it rest your
Hersel will be good. Are we going to do that? No, he doesn't have any oil
He doesn't have skating maris proper weapons of mass destruction. He hasn't terrorized his people
He hasn't imprisoned those people who are cared to dissent. He has to be an open election. That's right. Isn't that true?
I mean come on
But it's so easy and North Korea is not dangerous a specific notion of when wear how
But you have to add the extra expense of all the precautions that employers and event stages do
Yeah, we're getting real nervous now orange alert
Anyway, what's your favorite TV info?
I hate all info mercials 113 or 2.3 percent said how many votes we got?
Well most of these don't have any yet 262 votes is all we got but then again, there's so many on here
Girls gone wild videos 53. I grab one of those right now on your head or all guys out there
Ron Popeel Showtime Rautisserie barbecue 15
Ron Popeel Pocket Fisherman 14 did we put the vegematic on here?
Good
Never saw one seven Suzanne Sauer's blue thing five thing the five master seven
George Foreman lean mean grill and machine five you gotta be I gotta say one thing even if you don't care about boxing
Which I don't George Foreman's an eat guy. I like to reform. He's funny
He don't take himself real serious and he made a fortune
Showed that lean mean grill and machine
Tony Robbins for the both flex for solar flex three probably fags like me
That's what I voted for Carlton Sheets real estate systems three
Oxy clean three cleaner three
Miracle blade two has got three Don Lapis money making secrets three G. L. H. Great looking here a spray on here three and heron a can
Super blue stuff three which you just kind of like put your hands in it and squish it around a little bit that super blue stuff
Kind of like erotic five six
Why were you interrupting there? I wasn't wait. Why is he poaching with a food in there?
Are you poaching when he's a scared to go in there while you're talking?
Why is that I don't know when there's food in there don't be a scared to come in
I've never placed six and seven
Get your priority straight now
Just the number one thing in here besides getting right with the coming home Monday is getting free food
Okay, now we got two of them they can now do approach exactly Miguel can do what I brought
I'm gonna talk he tickets. It's the least he could do get that plastic
Or they're really
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing guy?
Pretty guy
Kind of straight me out a little Tom Bosley is SMC male order supply company right and
You giving Ron Pope you a lot of credit for stuff that daddy Pope you came up with pocket fishermen and all that kind of stuff
I didn't know there wasn't daddy Pope you. Yeah, daddy Pope you was one co
Oh, really I thought Ron Pope you'll set her one co
I don't think it was his father
The ocean that cracker and the record back yeah, that also if you want some stuff that's good that I've actually purchased
The food saver is excellent
That thing really works that's the backing machine and right
Yeah chopping chopper is pretty bad. Octoclean works great the met wrench works great
And uh, I don't know if you consider this an info Marshall
But if you're interested the home shopping club and
Basically them they have a cookware called all tracks
Which is a real heavy duty gourmet non-stick you can use stainless steel
Tools on it and I bought those things two years ago. You can't wear them out
Excellent. I tell you what sounds like you're a full-timer. I might
Might get a job on one of those things, you know, okay. Well, give us a cut
Take care. Thanks a lot. Uh, I mentioned the herbal life
He's still dead. What thought was his name the guy with a big head of hair herbal life?
Steve something very good. He's still dead. Oh look at this. Muffinus came in now
He's not even going to lunch right now and probably won't have to go to lunch now that we got all this great free food in here
He sure got a nose for lunch, don't he?
herbal life was one was the other one I mentioned during a break
Just looked on by there so damn many
Orange alert by the way, though. I don't want to get your nervous orange alert
High alert baby. I wouldn't be down to get orange alert. That's what I heard
I
Mean if it's good enough for power 96% everybody home just out of you know in morning, but we go to a
I think you am should send everybody home at 11 o'clock
We're willing to go through one more break and put a tape on and put a tape on and go home, though, because we're under orange alert
I have to go put the shutter you're making a nervous now because he's got to fly this weekend
Okay, and you're making him real nervous. You know what a pussy. He is anyway. Okay. You're making him in fact
I just saw four here is fallout
420560
UAM
And the banana republic baby only in Miami
All of my stuff for another gets you warm or something holiday
You better get something or you'll be getting nothing especially when it's time to have a day
She's a real lady. She was a real young look at what since put on a pound of two
So I went to the store got a card for the horn if she don't laugh without the fruit do
No kids coming to the boys have a suit if you went away you want to stay
But down the whippies ever you can eat candy after they all you can eat for faith
She's now
Hey
Hey, hey, this day.
Stop it, stop it, stop it.
Hey, this day.
Stop it, stop it, stop it.
Hey, this day.
Stop it, stop it, stop it.
Hey, this day.
I'm very pissed.
Love you to 1-5-60-W2M.
So anyway, Tom Ridge and John Ascroft are going to be speaking
to 1 o'clock today.
Do you get everybody nervous for the weekend?
No.
Size thrilling in his hair club for men.
I'm not only the president, I'm a former climber.
He says that.
Remember.
He's a member.
Size thrilling is hair club for men.
That's what I was trying to think about.
Along with verbal life.
Guys dead.
Lot of drugs.
Young guy.
Multi-millionaire of scam.
Appearance scam.
Yeah.
Back in those days, there were a whole bunch of those.
None of them come to mind at the moment.
There were a whole bunch of those things.
Amway.
Amway, obviously.
Shackley.
Shackley.
Shackley.
Shackley.
Vitamins, right?
Vitamins.
Don't forget.
It's the products.
The products.
He had a certain way of saying that.
There was so glad they were knowing.
He wanted to smash him in the mouth.
The product.
That's exactly how he said it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
124 people hate all infomercials.
They wouldn't watch it if you paint them by the second.
Girls gone wild video, 61.
Juan Popeel Showtime, rotisserie, barbecue, 17.
Hey!
The pocket fisherman, 14 time, has to wait.
But anyway, speaking of that, where's my F?
I got so much stuff here.
Wait till you hear this story, by the way, from Reuters.
Oh, I shouldn't be reading because I want to get upset.
I don't give a crap.
An Italian court has ruled that taking 40 joints of hashish on a school trip is not a crime.
The marijuana was for a personal use since the 17-year-old student plan is shared
with two fellow students on a teacher.
The appeals court showed said.
This is from Reuters.
Under Italian law, selling money was not a crime.
The marijuana is a crime, but possession for personal use is not.
Bye.
It could easily have been consumed during the many days of the trip.
Courier Adela Sada quoted the court ruling saying.
Courier Adela Sada, the evening courier.
Ah, evening news.
Courier Adela Sada.
Bona Sada.
Bona Sada.
Love that Italian, baby.
I'm going back to Italy right now, where I'll be safe.
You know what I mean?
I'm going to go right now.
Get some personal protect and avoid to sitidia, to Palermo.
Where is that fact?
Oh, here it is from Matreci, who says.
I absolutely love my Ron Popeel Showtime rotisserie.
I got one as a wedding gift two years ago.
It's very easy to use and cooks meat perfectly.
It'll make your meat perfect.
You just said it and forget it like the infomercial says.
You just said it and forget it.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Like this.
I love those crowds on those infomercials.
No, is it loud?
And you know, it's the age of most of the people in those audiences?
Death plus ten.
I'm Tonya Ron.
Halondale, Sunrise Lakes, Surfside.
Oi!
Come on down here and tape some infomercials here, Ron.
We'll have your perfect audience.
You mentioned they're going to get something for free.
They'll say any crap you want.
Joe said it and forget it like the infomercial says.
Be being primarily vegetarian.
I knew nothing about cooking meat for my highly carnivorous family.
It has saved my ass many times, Tracy said.
And fact, she's probably even slucker-rassing in a couple of times.
Just to be damn sure.
Nice going, Tracy.
Here's an interesting facts, George.
From Chris.
How about the very Christian, Mr. Ego, erection injection?
He claims it will only work on heterosexuals.
Also, Gilbert sucks Steve's ass at least twice per week.
And all he can talk about on Steve's show is you.
Thanks, Chris.
Well, I guess Chris is the one who's listening to that show.
The one who don't show up in the numbers at all.
On a station that basically doesn't exist.
So, at least Gilbert has found a roosting place.
Thank God for that other than in between on our station here.
This is the amazing Gilbert.
We minding you not to drink and drive this holiday season.
Yeah, like on poor, you might drop your home in touch.
When he's poor, by the way, I always ask you that,
and you never have an answer.
That's because it's not on this calendar.
It's a Goyce calendar?
Oi!
Here should know them.
Here's one that said Joe just cut my TV in half with my Gensu knives.
But wait, there's more.
Haha!
What a great line, Joe.
They always said it.
But wait, there's more!
If that didn't get you to be a sucker and make the call.
But wait, there's more.
I also took all my house tiles that would my Gensu spatula.
I had my credit card ready, question mark, and lost my ass.
There's Joe.
Only 72 easy payments of $89.99.
Yeah, the new Ron Popeo Showtime is less than $100.
Only 4 easy payments.
Huh?
Only 5 easy payments of $99.
So it's like $0.04 less, $0.05 less.
The $100.
And he gives you the price.
Oh!
Like somebody just brought out a magic wand in the fountain of youth.
Oh!
Like that.
Yeah.
Haha!
Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, hey.
How's it going?
Great.
I'm really, really, I'm beyond nervous now with the high alert.
Anyway, I want you to be very nervous.
I am.
I am extremely.
I don't know what to do this weekend.
Under the bed, man.
Exactly.
That's where I'm going to go right now.
Take somebody good with you.
And hi, Bernie.
Now that facts took my thunder, I was going to mention one of the original
and commercials against the knives.
Remember, I love that when they cut the slice that the tomatoes and then they went ahead
and cut some sheet metal with the same knife.
That was incredible.
Oh, well, somebody took the thunder away.
I think sheet was the operative word.
Yeah.
Have a great weekend and I'll see you out of the bed.
Under the bed.
Yeah.
Okay.
Bye, bye, bye.
Under the bed, folks.
Uh-oh.
But for a wide range of important tasks.
From minting, it's the Sherman, you'll squaring in a Treasury Secretary John Snow
to replace that polonio geek that they had to blow out of there.
It's the squaring in here.
What he said?
Yeah, it's the squaring in.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
On the 18t and Verizon wireless line.
And George made a good point during the break, which is very rare today since he's busy defending Michael Jackson.
But the fact that the entire world now knows since we made it very, very clear that even Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles can see that we're going to go to war no matter what anybody says or what anybody thinks.
Maybe that just is a coincidence, but it could be since we're going to orange level alert today.
Huh?
Could be just a coincidence.
We made it very clear that we are adamant and whatever.
So you're always reading things into it.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Miramar.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's not a Billy Mays alert.
It's not the other one.
What is the orange alert?
It's a Billy Mays alert.
Oh.
Anyway, I got the show done.
Oh, I'm a little slow.
Okay, I get you.
Very good.
All right.
Yeah, I got that.
In fact, you know something.
Wouldn't that be great?
Billy Mays comes on TV just before the press conference starts this afternoon.
And it's a Billy Mays alert.
And there he is.
He could peddle with that loud hysterical voice of his.
Oh, right.
Get everybody panicky.
Yeah, go ahead.
Anyway, I got that show time.
That's the halver bot, man.
Really?
Yes, I cooked at least six, seven prime ribs on there.
They come about four or five pounds.
And I'll tell you what, I'll never go to Ruth Chris again.
Really?
Yes, sir.
I'll be damned.
It's organic.
I think I'm going to get one.
It's where you guys make sure.
Okay, thanks.
Anyway, two more.
There's a quick and bright.
Do you ever hear that one?
Sure.
And the steam buggy.
The steam buggy.
That sounds familiar.
What is that?
That's the kind you put the water in it.
And it takes the cleanser bathrooms, cleans this, cleans that.
You know, it takes all the scum out.
Oh, it's on our thing.
We got it on there.
Okay, thanks a lot.
In other words, if you get the show time, make sure you get the one with a 15-pound turkey
because the small one ain't worth a crap.
Okay, enjoy your meat.
Have a good weekend.
Thanks.
Me too.
The steam buggy.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Well, this is a good lunch.
Thanks a lot, Ira.
Atlantic City subs were our next difference in Hollywood.
They're really great.
And Scott did not come by.
Boy, do we appreciate that.
Did he make any comment?
Is Scott not around?
That's the beautiful thing about Ira.
He just smiles.
He just smiles.
He gives it a food.
Nothing to say.
Nothing to say.
Nothing to say.
Good guy.
Not a troublemaker.
Not a Yenta.
And not a Capsule.
Not a Capsule.
Not any of that crap.
You know, that phony, you know, it wasn't asking for any free plugs.
So, he's got to need to come by because we already gave him the free plugs for the Super Bowl party of party planners.
Right?
Say that five times.
I still can't believe that.
He turned around and came back in here that day.
Had the hootspaw to come back in.
And I gave him the plug.
I mean, I'm easy, you know, for free food.
Boy, does he have a lot of hootspaw?
Yeah, he sure does.
So, when you go into Atlantic City subs and Ira, he'll be the bald head of guy with a real big smile on his face.
Boy, do you really work with that asshole, Scott?
Boy.
And he'll just smile.
He's used to it.
What else is he going to do, you know?
He's got years of practice, I guess.
10 past 11 at 5, 60 at WQM.
Here's something that will help you feel good.
That's Oliomed.
Oliomed's Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical-grade olive oil combined with all good things for your health.
Vitamin, minerals, herbals, other nutrients.
Scientifically, this is not to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
For example, they've got three new formulas.
One to help you sleep.
One to help you control your weight.
And coq10, which I've been taking every day for years, and is so important for your heart.
Oliomed's also got supplements for health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin bones, even your mind.
All using the benefits of the finest of purest olive oil you'll find anywhere.
And Oliomed has the products for men and women too.
Well, I don't want to gag on it in the rid of the middle of my Oliomed spot.
Maybe I should have popped one right there, huh?
Oh, look at that.
Oliomed's a great new product that you can pick up all over town.
I'm going to ask you forward at public's, Eckerd's Whole Food Markets and Walgreens.
If you want to get more information about each and every one of their products, they'll be delighted to answer all your questions.
Call 1-866 Oliomed.
That's 1-866-6536-6333.
You can also order their products online, oriomedamerica.com.
And don't forget to visit their sampling program at sportstown every Sunday during dolphin season,
which is only about 18-20 months away.
Start feeling great today again with Oliomed.
This is sportsweighting devices.
QAM.
That's not good. It's great.
You love the band.
Guns and roses a zillion years ago.
Are you waiting for me to have a different dance from a walkoff stage?
What's up guys?
No, but Mastermind behind the greatest career suicide in the history of mankind is not back on this 49th city non-comeback cluster.
We love agile. We love agile.
It's the Esmeralos not showing up to her.
See, no where to be found that the Owinga in Cleveland.
How about this powerhouse not arrival at Madison Square Garden?
Or what about this hard driving incy appearance at the first union center in Philly?
If you're bored with performers who actually conduct themselves in a professional manner and show up at their scheduled appearances,
then you'll probably want to miss the Esmeralos not showing up to her.
We know he will. Call ticket master for your front row.
It's the Esmeralos not showing up to her.
116-560-60.
I think we ought to start that on Tuesday on this show because Monday's payday.
That would be a good idea for a couple of weeks.
Anyway, here's the fact that it says, here's a few more infomercials you may remember.
In the early 90s or late 80s, the two clowns were one with a sickling English accent in the door with a glass
and selling car wax products that sucked.
The English accent thing is very, very big.
Or Australian.
Also in case you haven't mentioned the spray on here was a classic, yes we did.
All my love Arnold PSF you George.
Oh he's thinking about you.
566-705-60.
Orange alert.
I've just mentioned that in passing.
We're raising from the yellow up to orange.
Yeah.
I'm just thinking how I'm supposed to adjust myself to that.
I think we're supposed to go home right now.
Stuff didn't look too happy about that when you sent that.
He looked a little bit nervous.
We've got to secure the house.
Here's a lady in Hylia.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes ma'am.
Hi it's a lady who I'm your caller.
All right.
I'll run around and I bet you don't get many of those.
Not too many.
Okay, I just wanted to make a comment about Michael Jackson.
Okay.
Okay, what I'm calling to say is basically it comes down to this.
People with millions of dollars get away with anything they want.
Okay, you can get away with murder like old Jake.
You can keep with little boys.
You can hang children off your balcony, close doors and Vegas to shop.
You can do whatever you want and on TV and your above the law.
You don't get arrested.
It's the American F and way they're...
Here we got people like George making excuses for...
You'll let them know how much you say to start going to make it true.
Yeah, but now a poor slipper like you and me, you know, we do this.
And we're in jail in two weeks.
Who's a poor slipper?
That mother.
No, I'm not in that category.
You're talking about people that are like multi-millionaires.
Yeah, definitely wealthy.
Exactly, exactly.
And I love you, Neil.
That's all I have to say for today.
Thanks.
Okay, take care.
See you on the bed.
Okay, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Nice, Holy Old Lady in Highlyah.
Boy, that's rare on this show.
Even ladies in on this show are rare anymore.
After George chased him all the way in the summertime.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
That's why when people like Carlos and...
Oh, George, he gets all these women calling and he's got so many more women.
And then the book comes down.
George said, have any women?
Remember that?
They don't want to admit.
I mean, they're embarrassed enough admitting they listen to me.
And maybe you do have a lot more women as possible.
But they sure don't want to be telling anybody about that.
Right.
I'm not so sure why, but it's just...
It's not socially...
Oh, look at that.
Oh, I just spit out a piece of sandwich right on the board.
And then he ate it.
I'm sure...
What's your favorite TV info, Marshall?
I hate all info, Marshall's 140.
Over 40% of the audience hates it.
Of course they hate almost anything anyway, so at least they're consistent, right?
I forgot about that.
Right.
They hate.
They just hate the hero.
Girls gone wild video, 72.
They like those a lot.
Ron Popeo Showtime, Rattisserie Barbecue, 17.
That's kind of weak, Ron, you know what?
I mean, if we could goose up a few more votes, maybe Ron would send us each one of the ones.
Not the crappy little ones, one of the big ones, you know?
Or we could vote the whole turkey in there?
I can think of a few turkeys I'd like to roast in there.
Some of them work here.
Ron Popeo Pocket Fisherman, 14.
How about this stuff?
Was it STP?
Was that just an historic one?
He is just a product.
But it was like that.
You know who would know Joe Castello would know?
Because he's the car racing.
I think Mario and Dredi are one of those hot shots endorsed it.
Yeah.
Oh, you know me.
I'm in the business of mine and I would never endorse it.
I wasn't the him, but it was somebody like that.
And you're supposed to, you know, pour it in your crankcase and it's going to protect your engine for like the next 50 billion miles.
You know?
Crack like that.
It's familiar.
Those were old.
I mean, those were ancient.
Right.
Also a lot of the British ones, with the British guy's owner, very ancient.
In fact, there's that one pasty looking Brit.
I'm just, there's heost Dragon.
Because you said that.
Kind of like a round, this is your bag.
Oh, you know the one I'm talking about.
He's on a lot of them even now.
Kind of short, round, British, real heavy accident.
Richie Petty is shirt round in British.
Well, you should don't know your auto racing, Mr.
And you better start learning about it.
What's wrong with you?
That was Miguel's response to the crankcase.
I could have been to the crankcase.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Yeah, he's a crankcase, all right.
Yeah, maybe you can alope with Mr. Ego, Gilbert.
Maybe if he, since he's so big and getting all these funny body ports, he can get you a new head and new brain.
That would be good for starters.
Or I should say a brain.
I don't want to say a new brain.
Here's a call from Davy.
Hello.
Davy?
Oh, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
Listen, I don't know if anybody called in, but the Steve Garvey product used to pitch was called Fat Trapper Plus.
Right.
Oh, okay.
I was nervous.
Fat Trapper Plus.
It's the thing with him, they trapped them.
Yeah, I was nervous because of the orange alert I had to run home.
Okay.
Anyway, my three all time favorites.
D-7, the Sova Calo Pillow, and the Tom Boo Financial Money Making Seminole.
Oh, yeah, good one.
Now what's the pillow one?
What do they call it?
The Sova Calo Pillow.
It was this doctor who was on there, and this pillow was filled with great nut cereal.
For the buckwheat pillow.
You were supposed to be with three bucks for like 80 hours straight.
Right.
And they'd have the people would lay on it and be like, oh, I slept for three days and then the audience.
Oh, fantastic.
It was good stuff.
I'm going to get one now so I can hang out on the bed with my grape nuts.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Is that how they do?
Fantastic upside.
Okay, see you.
Bye.
Matt Collin, fantastic upside.
Let's hear it.
They won again.
Everybody's back on a bad way again.
Six nothing lost to the Leafs on Wednesday.
By the way, how about those Leafs feet and tamping overtime last night?
Three, two.
They're on fire, baby.
Nick Andrew Paul.
I told her that kid was eligible.
Played in I George, what do you know?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on EAT and T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I just had another one.
I forgot who the hell was.
There's so many of them.
So many.
We got the guy in line too.
Has that STP thing?
Oh, yeah.
Nation for us.
Here's the Redlands.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
There was Andy Green at Telly.
Right.
And he had a...
See, I knew I just had the wrong Italian guy.
Yeah, he always worked French code.
What does that tell you?
Go figure.
But it was STP already.
What was it?
Was STP?
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
See, I totally was STP.
Oh, no, that wasn't it, George.
And see, again, first he tells me Michael Jackson is not a pedophile.
He feels sorry for him.
It's his bad upbringing.
Daddy was a prick.
And then he tells me...
It's little Vigo.
Then he tells me STP was like he bought in the store.
But you just buy a...
It's a Disney product that you buy in the store.
I understand that.
But it was also originally on TV.
The infomercials.
Well, so then what do you open it up?
Big mouth for it.
Let Carlos let tell her, well, of course he's busy eating.
I don't want to hear him.
Are you sure?
What?
Are you sure you don't hear me?
Positive.
But are you sure?
Are you sure?
Very sure.
You don't even know who the British guy is I'm talking about.
He always wears the apron, the red apron, and he's like a shirt-round typical pasty Brit.
With a real heavy accent.
And he's always selling knives, a cookware crap, you know?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, slick 50.
Slick 50, that was it.
That's the stuff you pour in your crankcase.
And then your engine, it feels like a piece by piece it falls somewhere else.
It was not STP, it was slick 50.
Told you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What do you want?
You said it was Mario and Dready.
I said Michael Jackson.
You said it was Mario Lemieux.
Hey Mario, calm down a little bit.
Okay, what about your exports?
I didn't see that game.
I was busy losing my money.
Hey Mickey, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey,
Mickey over there, Pombo-no-Park, my little Pies on.
Got a message for you today Mickey.
Here's West Palm Beach, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Maybe it was Duralood.
Number Duralood.
That was another one.
And CD, there's another one.
I think Bobby or Alan, for was advertised on.
Right, that's right.
I never thought STP was on CDEO.
I have a, I have a, how about the blonde, butch, bitch.
Susan powder.
Oh, Susan powder, that's right.
That's the insanity.
Exactly.
And then you can picture on colors your ding master.
Ding master.
Right, we got that one.
And then the video professor.
Professor?
No, the video professor.
You're going to learn how to speak Greek.
You're going to be Greek in about three minutes, right?
They have these, they have the dimfomercials and after them Toronto too.
Oh sure.
Now you can be, they have them on overnight.
When you start flipping channels in Amsterdam late at night,
you get one or two things either naked boobs,
either a porn movies, or you get the infomercials.
Hey, and let me tell you one other thing.
In the form of infomercials, they have the 800 numbers with the hot babes on it.
And they're naked.
And they're on there and there's the 800 number.
Hi, I'm Linda.
And there they are.
I know you don't, you probably don't speak, you don't speak real fluent Dutch.
Dutch?
Yeah, about four words.
Is there, is there talk, chat shows or talk shows like yours in overseas
and Amsterdam or something?
No, you're kidding me.
They would love me there.
I'm serious, I'd be having a 90's share.
Let me ask you one of the questions too.
Who decides if you cut the callers off when you're ready to get rid of me,
you're going to cut me off.
What about like Mo or Mad Dog?
Did the producers do it or who does it?
No, they, what do you mean the producers better not be doing it?
If the producer cuts somebody off, we blow their brains out.
It always seems like you're ready to have a rebuttal to the question.
You're gone.
Yeah, just like that.
Fine, I, I, and I looked, that was done with love.
He knows that I was going to do that.
It was just for fun because he kept saying that, you know.
What was he talking about them?
I don't know what I don't care.
It was just funny.
He just meant, thank you sir.
Excellent call.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, 20, 80, and T.
And Verizon Wireless Live.
Why should the audience have free speech?
We don't have it anymore.
Live and local.
We're sports radio 560, S U A M.
Today's show is brought to you by the makers of Tiger Kitty,
the cat food with the taste of real human flesh.
Tiger Kitty, don't ask how we make it.
And now, back to our show.
Warning, we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context
with out endorsement or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent
look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we reach that goal, or at least major laugh.
Girl gone wild.
Wild, wild, wild.
In South Central LA.
You've seen them in Cancun, Daytona Beach, and all over Spring Break.
Excellent.
Now the Girl's Gone Wild, affirmative action team is taking it to the inner city.
It's Girl's Gone Wild.
Wild, wild, wild.
In South Central LA.
Girl's out there taking off their pants, taking off their shirts.
Taking off everything.
Having kids when they shouldn't be.
Smoking crack.
Not reading.
Acting a straight damn fool.
We don't know why exactly, maybe it's the weather, maybe it's the high registry crime.
Traffic.
Poverty.
Crack.
Either way, these kids have gone completely f**king bonkers in South Central LA.
Girl's Gone Wild.
Wild, wild, wild.
What if they could have a one's new dogs and leaves behind the camera.
Game day.
Did I mention they went wild, whole now?
They went wild.
It's too bad Georgian Carlos didn't hear that.
1131 at 560.
Girl's Gone Wild.
Don't have heard it before.
How did you hear that before?
Is that an old bit that they recycle this week?
Is it a new bit?
Anyway, here's a fact that says what about that Schmuck who sells the book where you can get money for free from the government to open various businesses.
The guy we're going to suit with the dollar sign is on.
What is his name?
Matthew Lesco.
There you go.
He's screaming and whining what that puss his name.
There you go Matthew.
Let's go.
Let's go.
And we have a bit about him too.
Called.
I don't know Matthew Lesco.
It is?
I don't know.
We got, we don't have that.
We got Maddie Lachem.
Lachem.
Lachem.
146 people say they hate all infomercials who are trying to find your favorite.
Girls Gone Wild videos 77.
Oh!
Ron Popeel, short time with his rebarbecue 19.
The Ron Popeel pocket fisherman 15.
I thought Ronco was named after Ron Popeel.
So did I.
Maybe he's a junior who does.
Nah.
Five Masters Suzanne Summers, Blue Thigh Thing 10.
George Foreman, Lean Mean, Grillin Machine 9.
Never saw one still seven.
I don't know.
Out of 358, only seven.
It's been stuck on seven.
I don't believe there's anybody never saw an infomercial.
Maybe they don't have TV.
I think even in the jungles of Caracas.
Maybe they're Amish.
I think even in the jungles of Bangladesh.
They've seen infomercials.
At least they've seen Janet Paul Crotch.
567-0560, Proud 560 on the AT&T line.
A call from New York.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
Neil.
Yes.
How about, um, uh, keyapat?
Keyapat's excellent.
Is it an infomercial?
No.
There was never.
No, I think you're right.
I think it was only a spot.
Well, okay.
Okay.
Yeah, I guess so.
Okay.
Crushed.
Well, I mentioned one before and then we said, was that really ever an infomercial?
No, it's just a spot.
The clapper.
I didn't mention it.
Somebody factored in the clapper.
Like that.
Somebody's got the old clapper.
Oh, here's the New England Paul who always sends his phone.
He's got his back in his back.
He's in the giveaway a sideway for some strange notice that.
Saw the show with Michael Jackson last night.
He makes aliens look good.
You tell me this man is a man.
And I think it's iffy at best.
The last question he answered was if there were no more children in the world, he would kill himself.
Yes, I heard that.
By the way, the show has never been better.
Thank you, New England Paul.
I always liked you a lot.
You're right.
The show has been, we really picked it up here.
And Spider-Wat George is trying to do the sabotage of the show.
What?
To give me to do all, uh, bedtime stories.
Oh.
A really funny information was the one about master.
It's see it's high at sea.
TSI.
Self defense course pronounced sigh.
The host was Danny Boone and douchebag.
This martial arts expert would show you how to defend yourself against muggers and rapists.
The fighting part was when he demonstrated the ego claw hold on Danny.
He flipped that douchebag like a pancake.
Excellent.
You saw that?
He's seen them all.
That's his thing.
He's got one of those little like you once gave me the little battery operated TV under the overpass.
That's right.
That's all he can do is watch information.
But we finally hit on it because you know he doesn't like chalk.
But I will say this.
He's one of the few guys who lives under an overpass that's got the cable.
Well, the rope wore out.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I saw the Michael Jackson interview last night.
It was very disturbing that this man has kids.
And uh, sorry.
And then I kept watching after when the news came on.
I had some some psychiatrists.
Two of them that were watching the interview and they both said it was very disturbing.
One lady said that you know they got to remove the kid away from him now.
Immediately about sooner.
But there's one thing that I saw during the interview that I kind of agree with him.
It's when they were in the limousine.
I don't know if you saw it.
They were in the limousine driving to Michael Jackson's store.
That was the one that he buys all that crap.
There's a lot of money in.
The guy in the picture that I was doing the interview asked him how much he worked.
And he like kind of shied back.
And he said, uh, I don't really want to talk about.
He called me first.
He kind of said again, he goes, come on.
Tell me what you're worth.
He goes a billion, right?
But then he, Michael Jackson fell very uncomfortable.
He changed the subject.
And he knows he asked him.
He goes, don't you think Jayce Deedler is a sorry ass quarterback?
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60.
Now let me ask you this question.
Okay.
Let me ask you this.
They've been putting this on there for like about the last 45 minutes or so.
Terror threat to be raised to Orange today.
Now they're going to want to allow us to speak at 12.30.
I thought it was like one o'clock first to speak at 12.30.
They were well, maybe listening on a little bit of that.
They'll kill some good time.
But in other words, are we supposed to like have a good time now?
That's why we're having so much fun now.
Because starting at 12.30 or one whenever they tell us,
that's when they're going to raise it.
You see what I'm saying?
Happened before then.
I'm getting a point.
There's no good, they're not going to be a terrorist attack before they raise the alert level.
That's what I'm saying.
Right.
So in other words, until they officially tell us, they're just preparing us for it.
Okay.
Are you getting us ready for it?
Which is why?
Then we can increase our alert level.
We should use this time to get high.
Our PAL, our personal alert level.
Are you sure our loved ones are not your pal?
Your personal alert level?
Palley?
Personal as a...
Level?
So there you go.
They're going to be announcing terrorist threat level to be raised to Orange today.
Little one, anybody getting nervous?
We'll panic.
We've been through this before.
And the fact that the rest of the world is getting a little bit nervous about us.
And North Korea.
Don't get all excited.
Okay, because it won't do any good.
Just have a good time and hope for the best.
And hope real hard.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, on Michael Jackson.
Do you think that he passed on that skin disease to those kids?
They're not his kids in the first place.
Well, because that was my question, really.
It's how many chromosomes of Michael Jackson to those kids have.
I can't...
The big...
Oh!
And the other thing I wanted to ask you, Neil, I want to try to get one of those t-shirts with a bush,
with the nose, with the clown nose.
Do you know where I can get one?
No.
With the clown nose?
Yeah.
We'll find out.
Somebody will call.
That guy that talked show that whose name rhymes with feces was outraged that those things
even existed.
And when we brought him up, I wanted to see if I could locate one.
We'll find him for you.
And listen, finally.
Yes.
Colin Powell convinced me that we need a regime change.
But he here in the States.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Very good.
Yeah, excellent line.
Gilbert just called, by the way, and said, really?
Did he really?
He really did.
I'll be damned.
Gilbert.
That's Gilbert's solid, by the way.
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
And now we're talking about regime change.
No, we aren't talking about that anymore.
I'm sorry.
We're talking about weapons of mass destruction.
See, they couldn't decide from one day to the next, which it was.
First, it was regime change.
And then it became weapons of mass destruction.
Are you asking questions?
No.
Not me.
Not anymore.
Not since they're changing their threat level.
That was wrong with you, man.
Now, what are these T-shirts?
They got bush with the what-nose, the clown-nose?
I'd like the Alfred E. Newman one with the big ears myself.
Although, I guess we can just look at the screen and see that.
I'll let the Hitler version myself.
There you go.
See, there's George again.
Going, way, way, way off the deep end.
Just, I thought you went in a good mood today.
I thought you were feeling good with Louis.
I'm so fed you.
We're so unhappy with you.
You're just going too far with that, OK?
Just because we do goost up a little bit near.
He's dizzy.
Just because you painted those pictures again.
There's George making all those comments, OK?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 10, 0, 5.
I'm sorry.
I'm trying to be Mr. Night Sky just get along with everybody.
I just want to like pump them away through these last four years.
Get that big paycheck.
Put it in the bank.
That's all.
Join my life as best I can until, like,
we're dropped La Bamba.
Here's a lady in four Myers. Hello.
Hi, Haurine.
Great.
How that Billy Brink's a Thai bow guy.
Who?
You know the Thai bow in four Marshalls.
Oh yeah, we got it.
Do I have that on there?
Okay.
That's okay.
Well, Michael Jackson isn't wacko do.
Okay.
And if I, my parents say, well, I'm asked every day of my life, I'd probably grow up and
want to look just like Michael Jackson.
Maybe they send him and the kids to Afghanistan.
Yeah.
So you're seeing the same thing with kids that his dad did to him.
It's just that's waiting the abuse.
In fact, you know something.
Maybe when we invade the bag that we can drop him over.
You know, I think that they deserve him.
He definitely sit in there.
Nice to meet in Purgatory.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Here you go.
Here you go.
Sodom.
Here's one for you.
It's Michael, Michael motorcycle.
I take one look at him.
I think that would give him what for you.
Make them, give them pauses the same goes.
20 till noon at five, 60 WQM time for us to pause and tell you about Papa O'Park where
we got some big duens going on.
This Saturday night, tomorrow, Pompato Park will be hosting the opening round of the
$250,000 Alokopree Pacing Series.
Top horses from all over North America will be competing in the three-week-long series.
Hall of Fame driver Dave McGee, the fifth winningest driver in history, the sport
when nearly 10,000 wins will go against Pompato's best Brian Sears, Bruce Ranger and
Wally Hennessey.
Alokopree favorites include $933,000 in improving handover and
from Australia, the Aussie fighter going for his fourth straight win.
He's a monster.
Also Saturday there'll be free prize drawings to win one of six vacation trips for two
to the Crystal Palace in Assah on the Bahamas and don't forget Pompato Park is now
open for your plunging and winning and losing in drum in five nights a week for
Liberation.
Every Friday, Saturday, Monday, Wednesday and Thursday like last night we had a
wonderful time, Lost Our Ass, post time 715 p.m. both a mission and parking free.
Every Monday night at Pompato Park, two for $25,000 full course in his specials at the
lavish top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor.
Every Wednesday's dollar night at Pompato Park, dollars for a half to a draft beer hot dog
so does more and every Thursday's ladies night with two for one during specials and free
bingo for ladies with a thousand dollars in cash and prizes.
And for Valentine's Day, February 14, a free bottle of champagne for each couple dining
at the top of the park restaurant, romantic dinner music and a free roast for the woman
attendance, free miniature horse rides for kids too.
That's next Friday, February 14.
Pompato Park, a blast at Atlantic Boulevard and Power Line road.
Don't forget a live racing tonight, big card tonight in tomorrow 715 at Pompato Park.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my, my, my my my my, my, my, my my, my my why losing you was kimchi, but we did not ask that you feel
, and we did not question you but we did not ask that you feel like that you feel THAT Ain't'n'n
the best but I did it on your request. That your request is probably all I've ever put pictures
of in your past crops, a soortx of corn stolen cakes, throwing patterns, throwing patterns
alert as well about the possibility of assassination
attempts of kidnappings.
And as to where there is no specific region,
they're told to be alert all around the world, Carol.
They're told in particular to be vigilant in their places
of worship, in schools, in clubs that they may attend,
and that if it all possible, they should try to congregate
where Americans don't usually go.
So it isn't very spreading.
But obviously there isn't a lot of insular bar
that the US government can offer Americans overseas
other than to be on alert.
And they do actually say that you should keep
your personal documents on hand.
And by that they mean your US passport, bank records,
your birth certificate, the marriage certificate
you should keep puppies as well, and just be prepared
for the possibility of some sort of a terrorist attack.
And obviously, Carol, they're saying that this is not
directly related to Iraq, but rather to different places
all around.
Right.
No, that's just a coincidence.
All this stuff this week.
It's just a coincidence.
Not directly related.
In fact, it's kind of related to Iraq,
the same way that Saddam Hussein is related to Al-Qaeda.
Very loosely.
OK, let's get back to fun and games.
OK, 1230, we'll put that thing on with Tom Ridge
and John Ascroft.
And then we'll all make a run for it.
Why do people listen to border, right?
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think you're covered most of them.
But you know, wasn't girls gone
while just the spot, not a full-in commercial?
No, a full-in commercial man.
You must have good stuff.
Well, remember, Leslie Ugams used
to do that full-in commercial for the psychics before Miss Cleo.
Right.
Also, Richard Simmons, no one said that.
Sure we did.
Oh, he did?
We did deal a meal and the sweat into the oldies.
The grace card driver that does it now
is AJ Foight, the Z-Max.
Z-Max, we got that.
But what are your responses, Dr. Shapiro?
Yeah.
He has the woman in the lingerie on the couch.
Oh, he's on there, too?
Yeah, saying, you know, if you have a full head of hair,
and all he has someone over there with the lingerie.
But the best information was last night.
Really, it was Michael Jackson.
Yeah.
I mean, because I don't know what to do.
And it seems to be working real well, by the way.
They're buying his albums like a Halava and Tel Aviv.
I love your say.
His record tells a way up.
So we got it.
There you go.
Sock a born every minute.
Have a great week, Hanson.
Hide on the couch.
Behind the TV.
Right next to your bonpo, P.O. Fegematic.
I mean, always what he was just babbling there
was like, keep your documents handy.
And, you know, make sure your insurance is paid up.
Now, is that our birth certificate
was supposed to keep our IDET certificate?
I'm not really sure what voice done
in which he was babbling there.
Your dental records?
Good thing they don't want to get anybody hysterical.
You know what I'm saying?
That's good.
I'm glad everybody to keep calm, cool, like we are.
Let's get out of here.
Here is Pember Pine.
Yeah, and you know, do you have the,
I'll run a Hubbard infomercial?
Oh, di-di-di-netics, di-di-bedded diuretics.
Yeah, I used to be, I remember watching that really late
at night.
They would sell you this kid.
It had his book and writings and all those other stuff.
Pieces of his body were in there, too, I think.
And do you have the Sharon Fomercial with the fat woman?
Does anybody remember that?
They used to sell cosmetics, Sharon.
That's good.
Really, no?
Oh, it was fantastic.
And, Neil, what did I ever do to you?
I'm your only fan up here.
Who the hell was that?
Who was that?
And he hanged some, I don't know,
man must be the chronic guy from New York.
Is that who that was?
No idea.
Have we ever got a clue?
Nor do we care less.
Why can't you just say your material
without going through some kind of paranoid
and making yourself look like some kind of a schmuck
and the audience is saying, ah-ha!
There's another one of those chronic's.
Last time he called, he said the same thing.
Remember that?
And we still don't know who the hell you are,
or what that's all about.
And I did not talk to him.
Didn't I listen to his crap?
Then he had something almost worth a while to say.
So what's the problem?
What did I redo to you?
Puts.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Miami, hello.
Miami, yes, sir.
Yeah, I was wanting to say something about Michael Jackson.
That, you know, I watched a little bit of that show.
Who could watch him for two hours, I don't know.
It was on for two hours?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
And listen, you know, I kept fucking back over
to say here a little piece of the bits of it.
That's the one thing I never heard anybody ask him.
Is, you know, he says that he's a biological father
of these kids.
Sure.
And, you know, I'm not racist right now,
but genetically, you know, it looks like that's
an impossibility if you look at the kids.
Yeah.
So, you know, the problem is,
did they actually show the faces of the kids?
No, but you see their, your skin.
They're gone there for a while.
Well, maybe they're like half, half and half.
And no way, me, oh, that's not.
There's not a trace.
No, I agree with that.
I don't think he's right.
I think I like one chromosome now.
But they ask.
The point I'm trying to make is,
what is it?
Is that, you know, people are talking about, you know,
him being abused with the children.
Like, I probably agree with him.
Yes.
Anybody, sweet, with little boys like that.
What the deal is, you know, are these kids adopted?
They're talking about, is that the game taking these kids away
from them or whatever?
You know, are they legally adopted?
Or are they his biological?
They're supposed to be his children.
He supposedly was the sperm donor.
That's what he says, but we make authorities.
No, no, no.
I think we need a DNA test, sir.
That's the next law idea.
Let's do it right now.
Let's get childlike homes on a case right now.
DNA test.
And lie.
And look, this is 430560.
You weigh a few, eh?
Yeah.
Fairlaw, it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Ladies, are you tired of unwanted hands creeping into your panties?
Unwanted hands creeping where they shouldn't be?
Uh-huh.
Then you need Vagilmatic.
That's your pant.
It's the first feminine protection that really helps.
Oh, run.
Yes, that feels good.
Oh, baby, let's do it.
Yeah, work it sugar.
No, wait.
Come on, kitten.
No.
But what, you dinner?
Let me just, let me just,
You see, Vagilmatic is fantastic.
It really works.
It's good against muggers, rapists, drug husbands,
priests, horny uncles, and Martina never to loavers.
No!
Let me just get this on your feet.
Oh, no!
Vagilmatic and coming soon for the fellas, it's cockatoo.
Fantastic.
Come at clock at 5'60, WQA.
That's not even the one that I thought I was playing.
I thought was the Bob and Tom one.
Right, which isn't in there.
Well, it'll have to do.
The best place to find anti-bush material on the internet
is www.smurkingchimp.com.
The guy that called before.
It's a date.
What?
Vagilmatic, the Bob and Tom one.
Right, it is.
But I bet it's called veg, uh,
No, it's right under it.
You just need to go down one more.
It is.
One moment, please.
This is important.
I found important at all, which I wish to have.
Very important.
Oh, there it is, Bob and Tom.
Smurkingchimp.com.
I've ever t-shirted as the impeached bush and chiny to it.
OK.
But here's the important stuff.
If we were to get back to all this hysteria
that some people are promulgating here.
As far as I know, this is the first time
the complete story of the Popeo Ronco products
has been told somebody got me this from the internet.
Says Tim Samuels, incurator of the upcoming.
But wait, there's more exhibit at Napa's American Center
for wine, food, and arts.
author of the just released book of the same name.
Basically it goes from a table out on the streets
and national television.
Most people don't realize the complexity of this story,
how the product of people in the salesman
are all tied together.
The Popeo family combined vaudevillian showmanship
with ingenious product design beginning with modestyles
such as the glass knife, it's always sharp.
And leading up to Ronco's Showtime rotisserie in barbecue,
which you've very likely seen expert demonstrated
by on QBCBus creator Ron Popeo.
Ron Popeo is the Ron in Ronco.
See, we're right about that.
But his father Samuel S.J. Popeo
and his uncle Raymond Popeo were the old manic men
as in the Vedramatic.
The family dynasty grew literally on the streets
as Chicago says Samuel's in by people in the Popeo family
selling goods and outdoor markets,
county fairs and auto shows, salesman manned the tables
and through mesmerizing gestures and motions gathered
people around them, they were all little products
that were designed so a pitchman could take a suitcase
full of them, haul them to the side and sell them.
The products got larger and more complicated.
They were more saleable on TV and given flashy names
and the most famous being the Vegematic.
In the process their products and members
of the Popeo family became international popular culture heroes.
Popeo family history is sensationalistic
and preposterous enough to be the makings
of an epic novel and on written missionary salesman.
This is really poor, Pauliward.
Nathan Morris, well it's because you know
where the punctuation is.
Nathan Morris, S.J. Zunkel,
Soul Kitchen Gadgets on the Jersey Boardwalks in 1958,
S.J. Popeo sued him for patent infringement.
Popeo believed that Morris's roto chop,
oh I remember that, remember he used to turn
and we had the little plunger on top,
it was the last thing you put your statement with term.
The roto chop took place your remember zone chop,
dramatic Morris was upset with his nephew,
feeling he was ungrateful for the break in gadget sales
in a courtroom, Morris suffered a sudden heart attack
and a guilt riddled estate settled the case.
Only to have his uncle miraculously recovered
the very next day.
S.J. Popeo, likewise got his son Ron Popeo
started in the business that cast him out of the family
when Ron began Ronco.
But it was Ron who came to outshine them all.
He's the one with the autobiography,
the salesman of the century and you can buy it
straight from Ronco if you like.
Ronco is television spots home to fast talking perfection,
adapted classic pitchman techniques such as the countdown
which you can still witness in Ron Popeo's QBC spots
talking in the showtime or at the history,
you're not gonna pay $320 for this product,
you're not even gonna pay $220 says,
then counts down to four easy payments of $39.95.
And of course there's always the bonus product,
but wait there's more.
The promotion on television seemed absolutely
resistible so Samuel and in case of the
Vegematic 11 million of them were sold
within 10 years of their introduction in 1951.
I turn up examples of them all the time
and they always still work.
I think the very nature of the fame of the Popeo family
and their products is everybody or their parents
or relatives has some Popeo related product tucked away
in their closet.
That's the operative part, not using it,
but it's tucked away in a closet.
Amen.
Getting pretty crowded in there.
Here's Miami, hello.
Miami.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
You ever hear the product, Nads?
What is it?
Commercial?
Nads.
We talked about it earlier.
Nads?
Oh Nads yeah.
Yeah, you know, the name is just too much.
I don't know who came up with that one.
You know, it's put a little nads on you.
Nads.
They can tightly hair off.
Yeah.
You know, on your copper lip, you know,
the women is just crazy.
That's about the most.
Oh, trusty Nads.
Okay, thanks.
567-0560, pound 560, we're asking
what's your favorite T-in for commercial?
175 people, almost 41%
of this crowd hate all infomercials.
They want a puke when they see one.
They want a vomit.
Girls gone wild videos, 91.
Ron Popeel Showtime with his Vibarvacue 23.
The Ron Popeel Pocket Fisherman 15.
A lot of guys reaching into pocket fishing for it right now.
The five masters, Susan Summers,
blew a five thing 12, George Foreman,
grilled the, a bleed mean grilling machine 11.
And nine people, never saw one.
And a single digits from down on there.
Well, there's so many of them, you know,
from Homeland Security to the attorney general.
And based on that information, we understand,
recommendation was made to the president.
He didn't disagree.
So we do expect that announcement at 12.30.
David, is it coincidental or not coincidental
that this is happening perhaps on the eve
of the US war against Iraq?
You know, I talked to officials about a lot
about whether they think there is the possibility
of terrorism by, stimulated by the Mukbarat,
the Iraqi intelligence service,
whether the Iraqis, perhaps in Kahut's
with terrorist groups might organize something.
The response I tend to get is, officials saying,
look, the Iraqi intelligence service is not all that terrific.
It is fairly well watched.
It's not something we worry a lot about.
Sure, we watched them, but we're not really expecting
it to come from that quarter.
And frankly, a number of officials saying they believe
that al-Qaeda would attack the US anytime it could
without regard to any war in Iraq or frankly,
many other factors.
But it sure does make a good excuse, don't it?
Well, here's Mike the old man,
who doesn't even look for a few plugged today,
isn't that nice?
He says, I have the rotisserie,
machine works great and always comes out juicy.
I have the original machine 175 bucks years ago.
I saw a little bit of Michael,
last night had to run to the cannon,
Schmidt and Pukh, that guy is a freak, kids aren't his.
Okay, very good.
Mike, kids aren't his.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yeah, how about Tai Bo?
Got it.
Okay, and I'm quite.
How about Bo Griffin?
Tell us something we don't know.
Biloxi, Mrs. Cipi?
Yeah, hey, Neil, good morning.
Yes sir, good afternoon.
Yeah, I was down in the Cuban Republic,
they come up and take care of my parents,
they're both sick, so I'm up in the red neck.
Sorry to hear that.
Yeah, that's all right.
I was talking to you, I went to New Orleans
and they had the original Ruth Kristaikas,
what a place.
Yeah, the best food in the world.
Anyway, the infomercial you was talking about,
the Gensus gotta be one of the best products ever, right?
Right.
That's what I think.
But anyways, I'm getting you on here
and not keeping up about it.
Okay, and you two, thanks a lot.
Take care.
Hurry on back if you like or if not.
Five, six, seven, maybe don't want to come back down here.
In fact, a lot of people right now
are planning trips to like Geneva, New York,
Rand Rapids, Michigan, under their bed,
Muskegon,
Decalde,
how Indiana,
what's wrong with these?
Nothing.
I'm talking about places at all, Burma,
St. Tussitz,
places where they're not gonna be like
in North Carolina.
That would be good.
In Yovic?
In my what?
In Yovic.
It's like way up in Canada.
I'm way up there.
Mooster.
Mooster would be good.
That is a mess in it.
Iron City.
All these things sound good.
Eight minutes after noon at 5.60 WQM,
if you're wondering if you tune in to mainstream,
we don't want to get you nervous,
but, and either there's your government, of course,
they don't want you to get all panicky.
They don't want to ruin your weekend,
but the terror threat will be raised to orange.
So, you know,
today, they've leveled a high.
A lot of people are gonna be getting high today,
based on what they're saying.
And Tom Ridge and John Ascrop,
and who could have two better spokesmen than those two,
will be coming out of 1230.
We'll cure a little bit of it from CNN
until we can't take it anymore, right?
Or until we have to take a break.
Isn't that what comes first?
We could do all the breaks in the first half hour,
then just leave.
Oh.
See, there George goes again.
Okay, his behavior today, I think,
is probably reached in all time low and Carlos agrees.
You have been just outrageous today,
starting out defending, I pedify,
and making excuses for him,
and then calling the president,
painting that little mustache on him,
and now trying to get out of here early.
We've only got 50 minutes and 35 seconds,
he's going out, that I'm counting.
50 minutes.
I'm counting.
You know, guys, what women really want at Valentine's Day
is for you to put a little fun creativity into your gift.
This year, express yourself in a fun and original way
and say it with the Vermont Tenibir.
Just call 1-800-829,
bear in a friendly bear counselor,
we'll help you choose from over 100 bears.
They're all handcrafted in Vermont,
and delivered in a colorful gift box
with a free card in chocolate, too.
That'd be another place to hide in Vermont,
and you'd always get a lot of Ben and Jerry's there, too.
Tell her she lights your fire with a new burn-in love bear,
dress like a hunky fireman who'd love to have two on his arm,
or say I'm wild about you with a younger love bear.
They even have an officially licensed love meat tender Elvis Bear.
Send a government teddy bear as a creative and personal
alternative to flowers,
and it'll be around long after Valentine's Day
to remind her of you.
Send a bear to the office,
where coworkers can see how thoughtful and romantic
you're pretending to be.
Over night in Valentine's Day, delivery guaranteed,
so call 1-800-829-Bair,
or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
This year, do something different,
something creative, something she'll appreciate for a long time.
Shout out to all the Vermont Teddy Bear for Valentine's Day.
Tell them that old Neal told you to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
Five and a local,
this is five sixes.
The radio's on your side.
She's a huge fan.
Why the... you bastard?
A new study by the Kinsey Institute
claims that today's modern woman
doesn't have time for sex.
With a job, the kids end up shopping
you're just too busy to get mosaic.
But now, thanks to this amazing new offer,
you can feel like you just got some anytime.
Be open to shenanoses, sex on tape.
Now you can hear the same things
you hear during Neal's sex anytime.
Chapter 1, playful flirting.
Hey, you can vacuum later, come here.
Chapter 2, setting the moon.
So, uh, you wanna do it?
Chapter 3, war play.
Three up, half times almost over.
And chapter 4, after glow.
Sex on tape.
It's just like sex without the orgasm.
Just like being with a real man.
Pick up sex on tape today.
From big love to sex.
Other not sex.
I'm just calm down, Mo.
I guess you got a little worked up too
about the orange alert.
I think I guess you thought I had something
to do with his hair piece.
Wouldn't have been something of fun
if he came, that a great,
based on the color that it is.
Exactly.
Orange, I can see it now.
Maybe he's out getting at the Citrus die maker
having it done right now.
1230, don't forget.
We got not only Tom Marginjana S. Crop,
but Robert Mueller, the director of the FBI,
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
of activation of National Guard
and reserve units by the Pentagon in recent weeks.
I think you know, she has a list I've never
noticed that before.
Whoever she is that does the CNN Pentagon reporting.
Anyway, here's the thing somebody
fast-me-1999 from the Crime Watch Consumer Fraud Watch Network
in commercial guru William McCorkill
and his wife, Reed Centenste and Orlando
to 24 years, four months for a swindling real estate
customer.
This is four years ago.
McCorkill appeared stoic and wife,
Shen Tell Quiet silently in response to US history
judge Patricia Fossett, sentenced for scamming thousands
of people out of $28 million.
Two of McCorkill's associates were sentenced
early on the day to five years each for fraud conspiracy.
How do you like that?
Makes you wonder how all these other
fakers get away with it on there?
They're just slicker.
Is that it?
Better common?
Here's Pompato.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir?
Did anybody mention the floaty?
Yeah.
Oh, because I need one.
I need a haircut.
Well, get to.
We have this guy with Greg Read can use one too.
5670560, he knows his hair is like fallen out in chunks.
Clumps.
Yeah.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It just seems strange.
Maybe it's just that he's reached that time of his life
or who knows what it is.
5670560, pound 560.
Of course, there are a lot of the people who
are owed money by this company.
Their hair is probably fallen out too.
And they can't afford to replace it.
They'd like to get paid someday.
5670560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I have a feeling now.
We didn't tell you to go under the bed until at least 1230,
OK?
Because we're still on yellow alert as of now.
But we know that in 13 minutes and 15 seconds,
at that point will be placed on orange alerts.
You got 13.
Maybe that's what they're doing.
They got 13 minutes left to have a good time between now
and 1230.
So they might be working on it.
Here's Weston.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir?
Hey, how you doing today?
OK.
It just says, little people have gone on.
In fact, even though I came here last,
do you miss what was going on?
It gets a regular person now.
If anybody wonders, if I was in charge,
if you think it's so much different.
Maybe we can bring them back.
Oh, I hope so.
OK.
I'll take care.
Yeah, let's play the Jackson's.
I want you back.
And I'm a blah blah.
Well, I see there goes where I've clintoned stuff again,
making this political.
Now, I have a feeling.
It could be wrong.
If the Constitution didn't prohibit him from running for a third term,
I think if we had an election tomorrow between George W. Bush and Bill Clinton,
Clinton would win hands down your pants.
Hands down.
Look at the economy.
You look at the state of the world as we are in it right at the moment.
We got the terror level going up through the roof.
We got all this spirit of saber rattling.
We got North Korea saying, hey, if you start with any more this hanky,
punky over here in fishing around,
you're going to open up a nuclear holocaust.
We've got a very unstable.
When you start rattling the spear and calling everybody evil doers and all this other stuff,
and not doing the things behind the scenes you need to keep a little bit of a sanity in the world,
it makes for a very nervous place in which to live.
You see what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
Let's go home.
Yeah.
We're leaving.
But first, a call from Miami Beach.
Nail, you forgot K-Tail.
Presents Petty Klein, Things to Blue.
Oh, K-Tail, if it's K-Tail, it must smell right.
You forgot.
They were the beginning of the Info Martyrs in back in the 70s.
Yeah, but there's so many of them.
I guess we can just put K-Tail music or whatever.
They also had the record cleaner that you stood right up and it got right inside.
That was wrong thing.
Oh, a rock-oh-gallered side.
Record back.
Oh, the record back.
Record, then rock and roll.
It's a natural fairy, and now you can hear it for the first time ever.
S-K-Tail presents Joplin Does Joplin.
Wow, baby, baby, baby.
A brilliant music of Scott Joplin as interpreted by 60 Superstar Janus Joplin.
Available now on Joplin Does Joplin, recorded live in Joplin, Missouri.
Wow, I'm going to die in this battle.
I'm joking, I'm out.
I'm out of here.
Here's a favorite, slightly pineapple rag, the maple leaf rag, and I think I'm going to hurl in my sleep rag and more.
Joplin does Joplin.
Part of the Deadmaster's collection from K-Tail.
You asshole.
Ponged past noon at 560 WQ.
I just had to hear that once today, you know, from O.
Well, I'm sure we'll be back tomorrow.
I'm sure his dog one way to do that will be resolved.
He'll be back tomorrow.
Gelldy, nice job this morning.
I'm Monday, like I said.
Well, I'm starting to move ahead of myself now because I don't think we have time for the weekends anymore.
No.
Because time could be running out based on some of the things that we're hearing right now.
And I have a feeling what they're going to tell us is they have no specificity.
They have nothing specific, not that they never, never have.
So you'd have to wonder why they're bringing in all of these other things, you know, about biological and chemical attacks and all of these other things.
Just cause.
Just to raise that level of consciousness.
Just to make us a little bit more.
Keep us on our toes, our leveled.
I mean, in other words, if they're going to drop nuclear weapons and we do hide under the desk like they've taught us back during the cold war.
I don't think that'll probably do too much good, you know.
All your kids out there when they start when you see the mushroom cloud, hide under your desk.
Get your books and corner of the desk and we'll let you know when it's safe to come out.
That was too late for that, but did they actually show those things in school?
Because they showed them after the fact like on cable.
Yeah.
All those movies.
Oh yeah.
Duck and cover.
Absolute.
Sure.
Climb out of the desk.
Did you actually do the drills?
No.
Oh, alright.
We did fire drills though.
Oh yeah.
Everybody did fire drills.
And one time we had a gas main break in Brighton in Rochester.
I was in the high school in elementary school.
And my mother came driving over to the school frantically hysterical as we all had kind of marched outside, dragging me out of the line, schlepping me to my aunt and Uncle's house.
See how she loves you.
In fact, the gas main of the thing was the house right behind us, the whole back of the house blew off in one piece.
Yeah.
The whole back of the house just blew right off.
So you could see it was like it was like a...
When you put the food down, you fat tub of crap.
Look at Aiki.
He's waddles in here and he picks up something with food.
What is in that box, by the way?
Chicken strips.
Oh, food.
I thought it was cooking.
Get out of here.
Look at Aiki.
He can't even get through the door this tub.
Look how reddened the face he is.
Take a deep breath.
Okay, it could be your last.
Man, fat boy.
I'm sorry.
He is just... he is really...
In fact, that would be a contest which one explodes first.
Him or the Humper.
We're hoping it's him because we want to keep the Humper round.
Fat boy, hopeless.
Humper not sounding too good there.
And I'm telling you, I'm picking on him because I want him to lose that weight.
We want to save his ass and the rest of him too.
But when I heard yesterday, I didn't...
I imagine when I heard that, I'm not making it up.
He started talking like...
You know, I like that.
And I thought, uh oh.
Uh oh.
What a wicked price we pay when we get fat.
You got to pay the Piper, man.
Sooner or later, you got to pay the lemon Piper.
Lemon sounds good as in lemon cookies.
Or lemon chiffon, lemon meringue pie.
Mmm.
You like lemon meringue pie?
Haven't had that in a long time.
Or a Keele empire.
Nah, Keele empire pie is okay.
You know, there are two kinds of pie that are like sickeningly sweet.
Keele empire and what's the other one?
The real sweet southern Pican pie.
Oh, oh, yeah.
I do like it, but you can have like one little bite.
What are the little tiny forks that they have?
The little teeny tiny ones, you know?
You also have the shrimp forks.
Like a shrimp forks.
You've got to have a lot of those and eat like a little piece of Pican pie.
And that's it because you eat more than that.
Definitely that medical one.
You get some real homemade kind that's just got a little bit of glaze on it and a lot of Pican.
That's a real pie.
It's not way too sweet.
The store bought is some whipped cream on it.
It's a little bit syrup with a few pecans in it.
With some whipped cream on it?
Yeah.
Or ice cream.
But I do like a lemon meringue pie.
I still say Denny's for all the fun that people make at Denny's and certainly deservedly.
So the mother hump her pies, they're pre-named good.
You ever handled the German chocolate?
Never handled it?
Oh, yeah.
Mother hump her pies?
Not if I sometimes will just go and get the pie at Denny's without actually eating there.
George is redeeming himself rapidly now.
His family does not eat at Denny's.
Now you're making a good comeback here.
What else I know?
Well, come on.
There are people who eat Lenny's.
I'm not sure I know anybody.
I almost can't afford to eat at Denny's.
Are you crazy?
All the way.
He does like the dumpster out of back.
He says he's got to see all the good crepties right now.
He says I love those crusts.
Even the ones in the underwears.
Well, anyway, it's fine.
I'm doing a food spot.
You're talking about underwear and shirt tails in your...
Backed home.
Things like that.
Uh-oh.
Firehead, Rhode Island, jewelry, plan, and yours 14.
Final cast is what they use in the depth chambers.
We don't think that's happened.
The air quality I've just been told by the chief is better than what we expected.
The hazard material team is still on site.
But the situation, the fog...
No one like crazier there, see that?
And so things are moving to that conclude.
So patients possibly exposed to potassium and cyanide.
Back your way to neighborhoods for a while.
And people are at our senior center now.
But over the next couple hours, I think we'll be bringing some of them back.
Although we don't want anybody in the immediate area still.
All right.
So how many people do you say are injured and how seriously injured are they?
16 people were in the...
Technic Inc.
In Rhode Island.
Is the name of the company?
But we think one is only...
One is seriously injured.
And so a bait, but nobody, thank God, is more seriously injured than that.
And there's no death...
5-8-53-51 for delivery.
That's 305-758-53-51.
They'll deliver from 34th in Biscuit all the way to 135th in Biscuit.
They'll go to Quasad, Cricket Club, the Jockey Club.
Flores even delivers as far west as 12th Avenue east of Collins in 71st.
Give them a call.
And if you're nice to little Judy, she'll tell you about the great pizza specials at Flores.
Like 1399 for a large cheese pie, a liter of soda and six delicious chicken wings, all of these things.
Only 1395.
Call Flores now, 305-758-53-51.
And be sure and tell them their close personal pies on Old Neal, totally to call.
Is him like a dirty look?
He's gonna give him what for?
And then hop off.
Okay, so what we're gonna do is...
Now why aren't they there at the podium?
Did they say 1230?
That's what they said.
I mean, if we're gonna have an end of the world, let's do it on time.
That's what they still have 30 seconds.
They do?
Might be to say that our clock in here could be a little on the fast side?
I can't even imagine that.
Dude, they've been saying very important stuff.
But this is more important.
Facts just came in.
I went to Denny's with my girlfriend about a year ago.
She was told by the waitress they just got rid of the mother butter pies and replaced them with pies by companies like Hershey,
which by the way were awful compared to the mother butter pies by Edmoov Denny's.
Important stuff, wouldn't you think?
In fact, that's enough.
And there ain't anybody really in her.
I'm crushed.
Yeah.
So I can tell Carlos when he comes back in.
No more eating out of the dumpster at Denny's.
The state law enforcement going and having explaining to their constituents what this means.
This is going to be a difficult period for them.
Very difficult.
I just spoke with the director of the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency.
And they're Lieutenant Governor at 130 at the state house in Boston.
We'll also be giving a press conference.
And you will see this going on around the country, Wolf.
And it will mean different things to different states.
Depending on the different states, what kind of vulnerabilities they have, what kind of facilities that are located in each of the states.
So I think it will have a different effect on different governors.
And that'll trickle dawn down to the different to the cities and the mayors of the different cities.
And so it will have a profound effect most likely.
For Michael Bloomberg and George Pataki, respectively the mayor and governor of New York, New York City and New York state, given the fact that that area has been hit on 9-11 indeed earlier as well.
Presumably it has a greater impact.
Do you know what I'm thinking while he's two in his lips because they still aren't up there in a putting mic?
We need the break, okay, because we don't want to miss one more than hanging.
Everybody's hanging on the edge of their seats.
I am low.
This is between you and vice versa.
You way, yeah.
And making this dramatic announcement.
Because once it goes to Orange, you know, once they, that thing could trip up to that red one, you know.
So this is not a chopper.
Yeah, we're sitting there having traffic lights, haven't you?
Right.
So this is a level that's been in place for so long, a yellow level, which is called elevated to the orange level, which is a higher security meaning that law enforcement, some 17, 20,000 law enforcement authorities, local, state, federal around the United States have to deal with a much more serious potential threat out there.
The reason being and we'll get some specific explanations from how credible this information is, but there were a few things that were in general.
There's got to ask Bob to come again, Robert Mueller, a three pack.
You ready?
Ready to self-strap in?
Here we go.
I'll catch you in.
The currently classified at elevated risk to increase that threat condition designation to the high risk category.
This decision for an increased threat condition designation is based on specific intelligence received and analyzed by the full intelligence community.
This information has been corroborated by multiple intelligence sources.
Since September 11, the U.S. intelligence community has indicated that the Al Qaeda terrorist network is still determined to attack innocent Americans, both here and abroad.
Recent reporting indicates an increased likelihood that Al Qaeda may attempt to attack Americans in the United States and or abroad in or around the end of the Hage,
a Muslim religious period ending mid-February 2003.
Recent intelligence reports suggest that Al Qaeda leaders have emphasized planning for attacks on apartment buildings, hotels, and other soft or lightly secured targets in the United States.
The recent bombings of a nightclub in Bali in Indonesia and of a resort hotel in Mombasa, Kenya, demonstrate the continued willingness of Al Qaeda to strike at peaceful innocent civilians and their ability to carry out attacks on such soft or lightly guarded targets.
There are also indications bolstered by the recent arrests in London where chemical rice and was discovered.
These indications demonstrate Al Qaeda's interest in carrying out things that heightened awareness and readiness on our part deters terrorism.
Since September 11, 2001, the United States has substantially improved its capacity to disrupt, deter, and prevent terrorist attacks against innocent Americans.
The active cooperation of the American people, your cooperation, has been instrumental in preventing major terrorist attacks.
Since September 11, 2001, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has evaluated and investigated over 3,000 terrorist threats within the United States, issued 103 warnings to state and local law enforcement, and announced three, not including today's announcement, three major nationwide terrorist alerts.
The threat-conditioned designation was last raised to high risk on September 10, 2002, and reduced to an elevated risk standing two weeks later.
Today's change in the threat-conditioned designation from elevated risk to high risk will trigger a series of security precautions by the federal government as well as state and local governments and U.S. citizens
to increase readiness to prevent terrorism. I have directed ends. As we have in the past, we ask that Americans continue their daily work and leisure activities with a heightened awareness of their environment and the activities occurring around them.
As President Bush recounted in the State of the Union address, we have arrested or dealt with many al-Qaeda key commanders.
3,000 suspected terrorists have been arrested worldwide. Other terrorists have met a different fate. We've uncovered and stopped terrorist conspiracies in the United States, in Yemen, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, the Straits of Hormuz, and Gibraltar.
We've broken al-Qaeda cells around the world, and with the support of the American people, we will prevail in this war on terror.
It's my pleasure not to introduce the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, Secretary Tom Rich.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This heightened threat level has been or is being communicated to local and state law enforcement officials, federal agencies, members of Congress, governors, state homeland security advisers, mayors,
and those who share responsibility for the nation's private infrastructure. Information is also being provided to the nation's first responders.
Are fire, emergency, health, environmental, and public safety personnel?
The nation's Homeland Security Advisory System provides a national framework to inform and to facilitate actions appropriate to different levels of government and to private citizens, either in their workplaces or in the United States.
The system couples the threat level with protective measures. The shooter will be taken to reduce our country's vulnerabilities.
As a result of the increase in the threat level, as a result of going from yellow to orange, elevated to high, specific protective measures will be taken by all federal agencies, both to reduce vulnerabilities.
In many of them, actually, we will we believe serve as a deterrent in advance of any kind of emergency, whether it's a natural disaster or a terrorist attack.
It doesn't take a great deal of time. And I think it would make family members a lot more comfortable if they knew they were able to get in touch with one another and the events something happened.
I think there are ways that parents and adults can certainly be better informed because as we've described to you, terrorist attacks really can potentially take many form.
Families can be armed in advance with a kind of information that you might need and that will be critical to your health and your well-being.
And I would encourage Americans to log on to the department's website. You can log on to www.dhs.gov to learn more information to become better informed about steps that individuals can take simply to be better prepared.
The call that we give today, which Americans have certainly heard before, is based on our knowledge and our conviction that heightened awareness and readiness deters terrorism.
Each of us in our own ways can contribute to the security of our nation, our families, and our communities.
Today, we've got an alert public is our strongest asset. If you observe suspicious activity, I encourage you to contact your local FBI office or your local police and to report such activity.
Thank you and let me turn it over to you, General.
Thank you and God bless America. Okay, now this story is a little unsub-what we're still flying a Cuban flag defect.
My impression is that it was a last-minute decision, Kenning, said they were patrolling, talking about living at the poverty line. They said, you know what, the United States is only 90 miles. The United States is only 90 miles.
Oh, terminated communication with Cuba and headed straight here. Hey, free boat. Yeah. Edward said the man were taken in Monroe County, jail, where the return over the US of a great naturalization service.
And I and S. spokesman did immediately return a call that a Cuban who make it the US. It's that wet foot, dry foot, wet back. How ever that thing goes. Right. What is it, wet back? Well, Carlos is right here. He's the wet back.
So there you go. So we got the undetected came up on shore park. They both walked up when they were loaded and went.
Boy, our coast guard sure is doing it right on top of it, baby. Have no fear because the US government is here.
My line and local, your sports video 560. See you in two way. Yeah.
No, I was not to be a sport home. If I was not to cause into the faith.
That's why garders and Motor Union with make me.
Pouls Yeah. Don't know you know?
When Luxorial Bony any year since Hey, if we had a danger.
And he more than half, move it me. OK, we've had a discussion here,
programming discussion we decided Monday that we didn't have a good idea yesterday starting Monday
mow and guilty will be on in the morning but it won't be our mow and guilty it'll be
bokeh brine doing them both right which I think you know something to think about anyway
the poll favorite TV uh... infomercial I hate all infomercials to ten girls gone wild
videos one twelve rompopil showtime which is a barbecue toy nine rompopil pocket fishermen
sixteen are we gonna be here on Monday
is the world going to be here on Monday
by passenger
by
dizzy
but
