I
You're gonna build me up into a fever picture my grilled cheese sandwich would bake it on the whole wheat toast
Anyway, where the hell is that oh first this facts arrogant for dry
And I didn't say that we were arrogant for dropping about my was reading Nelson Mandela's comments
I don't believe that for a second
I think Truman had big balls and we need to do that and save the hell a lot of American life it was war baby
That's right in addition to which does anybody remember Pearl Harbor?
I don't say any comparison between what's happening in Iraq and how come he keeps saying Iranians again
I have to correct himself with somebody please show our president like get him a compass in a road map
And show him where I rack and I ran our on a map and explain him that Iranians don't live in Iraq or Iraq
Anyway, it says I were given by my boy has to be the dumbest thing ever her
Well, there are a lot of things that are being said that I don't agree with for example the thing with the French
We got an article on our website today about the French which has got some with points for the fact of the matter is the French number
One never met a terrorist they didn't like and number two of the French were the ones that sold the nuclear reactor to Sodom in the first place
We'll see Israelis had a blow up for us so they did not have nuclear weapons anybody remember that I sure do so you know
We say about the French
FM that's what we say about the French haven't I always told you about that?
That's the French exactly absolutely at any rate green peas boats sink and frogs scumbags
And by the way your food sucks, okay
Here's when it says sorry if you've heard this but saw in WB 39 this morning the Sun sent them next Wednesday will include a
Smallville poster
Tom Malink isn't naked is we'd all hope but but keep in mind that from the neck up
He looks really good. You don't want to see anymore especially those big size 82 feet
By the way didn't hear the whole show yesterday, but it sounds like my suggestion the monkeys hit a nerve take care K
Whoever to help K is well, thank you K
But what does that mean? Oh, that's because George doesn't like the monkeys and we're not doing that pool by the way
I changed my mind and I said I yesterday when I do that pool about artists because like I said and how did I ever get sucked into that?
I don't know how did I ever get sucked into that
Because well, it's not easy coming up with an interesting port especially something people will talk
But don't answer the phone because we're gonna do screenless 9 to 10 every day
I'm talking about what the calls I take. I'm not gonna say the whole hour to scream was you'd have to be you'd have to be suicidal to do that
But I'm saying the calls I take that I was in genders more response spices up a little bit
What'd he give me like a bug I look now plus it makes your life a lot easier would you're all excited about the the comedy if it's 9 to 10 hours
So here's another guy and even sit there and he's trying to
Who's probably about it?
Bank account
I don't hear what he has to say and tell him
I'm going 50 dollars. Who the hell wants you what he has to say no but once here what he has to say and still he says it
I mean don't take it personal
It's like when I was in there taking a dump this morning
He's in there end of in the sink again floating around and that came in
God
Zach I thought was gonna mistake him for like a piece of leftover sandwiches something and eat him right there in a goddamn zero
I could say something but and it was like all of that food out there too. I didn't have a couple of strips of bacon
So in other words, you're telling me now we have to wait for a ponytail to call you back
I'll keep trying all the way to the office to pick up a grilled cheese sandwich across the street of the stadium diner
sure
If you don't get a call back soon. I'm I'm just horny for a
That was really good in fact it's really was really my friend which he's not but if y'all he was really my friend
When those guys get the food from how is it in the morning? How come there's not a grilled cheese on a whole wait for me in there
I'll pay him for it. Do you think they're paying for that food or not?
Is it a freebie? I'll be more than happy to pay for it
So I've heard no not that. Oh, wait
Here's a Keith Blaney who's stuff on oh another reason I've played that in Mickey thing here's this fact
Jonathan says I'm one of your younger listeners have been listening to your show for close to two years since I moved down here
I'm 25 and I love your show. That's what we want is a lot of 25 year old guys
That's what I want don't change a thing and contrary to what the other facts who said the comedy bits are hilarious
I think the new Moe songs ginger and Moe gay union and watch your backseck are classics and you know what?
Correct Jonathan says keep playing them also used to play in a rickie song that said something like tell me
I want him to come over which I just played was hoping you could play it sometime as a heaven or in a long time
Take care of all the best to you. There you go Jonathan and there was the how do you like that? Huh? Right on top of it, baby
So all you naysayers all you poo-poors out there poo-po on this okay. That's what we say here
As we try somehow desperately to undo the damage that Greg read is done to our line up into this program
Try to put the pieces together like frickin Humpty Dumpty next time he comes in there and talks to you long after I'm gone when it's the
Coast is clear and things are safe tell them we really appreciate the nice job he's done here
Some we'd rather we'd rather follow the test pattern
Here's West Miami. Hello
Yes, sir. Hey, that's actually was right man. Your show's really gone crappy. Yeah
And
And that's it and thanks for listening
Thank you. Okay, five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on again
See, I mean this like I've said before what what do those calls mean that the guys got mental problems
He's listening. Not only is he listening. He's calling to share that with us
Our show is gone crappy. It's gone in the crapper
Um, I'm just I'm crushed. Yeah, I haven't got a clue what we're gonna do now. Here's the tell five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
Eighties and four eyes in line WQ I am
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
The show's not gone crappy and I don't think you should try a format it your best shows are when you just come in and start
About doing your stuff starts screwing around just you know, I mean you don't need no
This format from nine to ten right come in that's right. That's right. That's right because the best stuff happens
Spontaneous like oh, I was like when George was rolling around on the floor before
And another thing. Carlos push push sucks
Okay, and then my last my last comment is
Um, are you gonna go to the the off-star game this week? No
No, no, let me say it again. No
I never do I in fact I know even on television. I won't be watching it
Really? I don't care about all star games of any sport or just the caca when I go to see a hockey game. I want to see a real game
I'm neat too, but I think I still enjoy watching all the getting all the best players and one
But all the best players aren't gonna be there. There be no myriot no mad sundine no
Sacco coivo. There's a lot of guys that aren't letting no Eddie Bell for
Yeah, you're right. Anyway go leave scow
I too over land a last night have a great day sir enjoy the game. I'm not going to know all star game
Let me say it again. Why do these people add so super?
Oh, you're not a real hockey fan bull crap. I watched more hockey last night than most of you in your life
Just last night. So a good part of the penguin washing in game. So to leave skam beat in Atlanta 5-2
Panthers and Detroit are very boring too too. Ty what else did I watch there must have been another one?
There's one other one. I gotta have like six I'm gonna have to have six sets like Rimmer now
So I can watch like a whole bunch of games at the same time
But I do I watch a lot of time joy. I love it if it's a good game
Penguin washing game was a coma inducer, but nevertheless
And these people all right you gotta go. I don't know. I'm interested in the all star game
There's no hitting. It's the next division game the score is like 15 to 10. It's a joke
But I'm not discouraging people the place is gonna be packed gonna be a lot of people there are pretenders like mode this morning
Oh, it's all star weekend. He hates hockey. He's not gonna be there. He's not interested
Gellie told me that he was like under penalty of death if he talked about it for more than 30 seconds consecutive on that show
penalty of death
He said that Moe was gonna you know put that chord that the
Kloss may bad chord around his neck and strangle him
Especially during football season. It is a no-no is what it is. It's a no-no
During that show mo moe. See now you got me confused. I don't know what the other column well
I do know what to call he's an asshole WQ. I am
Yeah, like talking you speaking. Yeah, sir
Uh, I just wanted to say something about bush, you know
It really bugs me that this guy is the hero of 9-11
When he got a specific warning on august 6
2001 that we were gonna have an attack and he did nothing about it
Yeah, well we've already been through all of that sir
But the problem is the american people most of them are just as ignorant or even dumber than he is and so as a result
You know wave the flag and they get all whipped up and emotional and they don't understand they don't see you through all of this crap
Right and the press goes along with and you notice in all of these weeks and months now that they're going on where they've had to make the case for this invasion of Iraq
They because they can't find specifics they keep making all these illusions to these general things that that don't exist and they keep having a press conferences and they
Press core they yuck it up with rumsfeld, you know, and everything's a big joke and they yuck it up without a fly sure
The other day everything's a big yuck yuck and in the meantime we're talking about dropping nuclear weapons
Right and you know and i've heard that anybody that asks the really tough questions
They kind of get excluded. Yeah, they suddenly don't call them anymore like the kid that gets put in the back of the classroom
Exactly well good luck to you pal hang hide under the bed. I'll be seeing you okay
Nukes use in a rack could spin out of control right senator Ted Kennedy it's and from the LA times it's in the day sun sentinel
Do i have time to read it now? No, in fact, I may not read it
But you ought to read it
Threat there in your sunset. All on the op-ed page nukes use interact could spin out of control
A dangerous world. Just grew more dangerous as Teddy Kennedy reports that the administration is kind of playing in the preemptive use of nuclear weapons
Interaction set off alarm bills that this could not only be the wrong work the wrong time
But it could quickly spin out of control
Initiating the use of nuclear weapons would make a conflict with Iraq potentially catastrophic says senator 10
Which we know and the public is going
But we're listed on bad we'd be good. You know and square everybody else
How about everybody? Oh, when that when that statement that foreign policy statement came out several months ago
Remember and I read it on a year right and it's in mother Jones
How I'll come everybody was like saying are you out of your mind?
You make Teddy Roosevelt look like a Sunday school preacher. Are you crazy person?
All of a sudden we're going to become imperialist and we're better than everybody else and
Nobody else is gonna about
It's that we're like that. Do you hear that? I heard it. That was jack caper. He's another he's another asshole
We're supporting you five six
You a. Yeah
This is the new Roger show
This is your party
Any questions
I
Said when I grow up that's what I want to do
Now it's run by greedy corporate
with
And
It
Is
Where you are?
The lighter radio you want we take your place
They told us that our lights are storming out and change
And find the way for thousands of hours in the fair
It's you expect that if you're strong to play it on the air
Play it all with you
Not in this for a friend
We're champions of radio stars
We're champions of radio stars
We're champions of radio stars
We're champions of radio stars
You don't care
10, all three and five, 60 W quimits are official start of the show now
That's what we do, 90, 10 we screw around and we start to show a 10
Now could I think we solve it again and maybe not
And if not then Monday will solve it a different way
Huh?
We'll do something
Oh by the way, Lowry Maze, you asshole and David Ross
You asshole
Yeah, I keep 10, let's read the replay that
Hearings yesterday in Washington and Clear Channel says
Oh well we succeed when radio station serve the needs of local community
Right, what's that gonna start?
You cookie cutter morons, you asshole
Right, oh he, I like the way he says that you know what?
That is like with real, in fact, Betje Lin has just got emotional now
He probably reached for the cucumbers
Man
Well she gets excited when she hears that
You asshole
Sorry
Try to spruce up her sex life a little bit
That was our poll yesterday which we'll get to momentarily
After I've read about Clear Channel Communications
The head of Clear Channel Communications Inc yesterday
sought to convince skeptical US lawmakers that the nation's largest radio station
owner is not the armed twisting brute portrayed by smaller rivals and musicians
Clear Channel CEO Lowry Maze
You asshole
Plantly denied allegations from Rockstar Don Henley and other critics that the media empires
1200 plus stations have muscled out smaller rivals
Taken bribes to play songs or engage in other anti-competitive practices
You asshole
Facing sharp questioning from members of the Senate Commerce Committee Maze pointed out
He painted Clear Channel as a fierce competitor that has thrived since media regulations
who were released in 1996 under Bubba due to its careful audience research
Now we do understand that he didn't appoint all the members of the FCC but nevertheless
It was during the Bubba era
So it's when you can't the blame on Bush
We succeed when radio station serving the needs of local communities Maze said
You asshole
Clear Channel takes in now listen to this
Roughly one out of four advertising dollars in the radio industry
And also overseas rapidly growing concert promotion and billboard advertising businesses
If ever in fact if you look up Parker Brothers Monopoly
You'll see a picture of Pete Bolger
And David Ross
You asshole
And Ronna Thank Wolf
You asshole
Critics say it's created a blend that we're here we go
Here is the definitive comment about cheap channel
Critics say it's created a blend network of sound alike stations that very little from city to city
Which I just got through San Olme moments ago
Here is Dr. Laura
Here is Lord Aslan Ball
Here is the Schnittmeister
Here is whatever else
So that's all I got
No thanks
Car wash guys just asking if I wanted my car wash
We don't get nervous about it
What was you talking about?
That's how it was
I just said no thanks
Maybe the thought Miguel just came in here and flashed through something I don't know
I'm doing a radio show now
Camagel's not nice to talk with your mouth full
They've also charged a clear channel with using their radio market power to squeeze out rivals
Jack up concert ticket prices and steer business to its concert promotion arm
That's why they got all those billboards by the way
Beside the fact that this place is such a cheap pass outfit and lies a lot
But that's why they got all the 80 million billboards is because they own them
Haha
Alligations of pay all alike pay for play practices have dogs pretty cheap channel along with the rest of the music business
Don Henley accused clear channel of blackballing artists who didn't tour with its concert promotion arm
Or play for free at benefit shows put on by its radio stations
You know what it reminds me of?
You remember when they were out there in Vegas
And they were talking to Al Martino
Johnny, I thought it was Johnny Fontaine
Right
And they had him sign a contract
We know we appreciate the guy father likes that ade and forming so much to perform for many times
You're gonna encourage some of your friends in the business to do the same
Etc. That's what it reminds me of
Henley who's greatest hits package with his band Ego's ranks is the number one selling record of all time
City could be scratched from clear channel playlist for testifying in private committee
But maize dismissed his charge
As long as our audience wants to hear Mr. Henley's music he has no threat of recognition maize replied
Over the past year clear clear channels emerged as a poster child for both the drawbacks and benefits of media consolidation
As the FCC considers whether to relax ownership limits further
Quartz Quartz
Oh my god, yeah that's what they're doing
Yeah that's what the big fear is about
We're doomed
Well not that fear
Some lawmakers point to clear channel when they voice concerns that loosen ownership caps with a lot of broadcasters
To focus on cutting costs by laying off staff
Rather than serving local markets are providing a wide range of news entertainment programming
We must preserve radio as a medium-forward democracy said Wisconsin Democratic Senator Russ Feingold
Who is introduced to bill over rent cheap channel from expanding further and curb its alleged anti-competitive practices
But several Republican senators said oh here's my favorite all you good right wingers out there
Several Republican senators said the company was simply practicing sound business and helping turn around the industry that was largely unprofitable ten years ago
Huh
Feingold and California Democratic representative Howard Burman said they had asked the Justice Department to investigate but it got no response
The Justice Department did not return a call seeking comment. This is from Washington Post
Arizona Republican Senator John McCain peppered maze with questions and quibbled with them over several claims
But did not indicate whether his committee would take up fine goals bill or otherwise press the company further
Yeah
Several Republican senators said the company was simply practicing sound business practices
In other words we like monopolies we like big business. That's our bread and butter. That's what it's all about
And by the way no butter on my grilled cheese please pony tail
Well he made such a production out of that Carlos you know we turn a call when you are taking a crap or whatever you were doing. Is that what you were doing?
I was taking a pee
Well okay don't have to get sensitive about the audiences now marking these things down okay
1003 George takes a pee and don't blame me okay see
Just calm down you asshole he just says that would set the emotion of it from the bottom of his big road man
Sounds like it starts in his back home comes out his mouth like a lot of other things he says
So anyway there you go cheap channel says it's a for what they're basically trying to say is
I mean I thought it was like free enterprise so in other words if the radio was unprofitable
It's like every other industry the right blue can make it you know they survive
But at least they have the opportunity to come in and bring it alternative program into create jobs for different people
To give the audience out there something to choose from it's same as a set of the same cookie cutter crap in every market in the country
The good ones thrive the bad ones right but of course the people some people in this country aren't for free enterprise
All they care about is big business making it stronger and giving you fewer choices
For example the people who were buying drugs on the internet from Canada you see that story this way
Yeah right I'm right I want to stop that right you cut off your water if you keep doing that up
Because we want to be able to gouge the public right in other words if you can buy something for a dollar instead of ten dollars
Shouldn't you be able to do that that's called the free marketplace not if it's medicine and your life depends on it
Oh I forgot about that and you have to choose between having a meal and like taking your medicine things like that with so many people are doing
Well I'm going to tell you something I think I think that a lot of people in this country do like to get raped and I really do
Well it's funny because it's happening every day
Nine minutes after ten I what am I getting so worked up about here okay just calm down relax it's Friday we're very excited about that
We finally figured out that nine to ten hour we'll just do the comedy bits nine to ten on Wednesday mornings
Which I'm sure will upset Pete from okay to you whatever he's but that's the way it goes you can't please everybody in fact in this town
It's a miracle if you can ever please anybody I got it yeah greenless comedy bedtime stories screenless comedy bedtime stories
With two or three poles and music and a lot of music and some bg you asshole and a lot of sports scores
Four to three two to one five two maple leaves
We could have Zach do updates as a matter of fact we don't want Zach to an updates on this show
We don't take it personal Zach we like you but we don't have room in here for you
We don't we don't do we have room in here for him no no this is not a big studio okay Zach
Seriously I mean what is he thinking about food
Great good answer like they said family feud good answer good answer George that is what he's thinking about
And one of these days you know what he's gonna be don't you dad dead come on Zach cut with all the guy to him plus he's under all of this stress now
Now they know that dagger is pointed straight at his back back and boy that's a hard target to miss
So he's under this he know what do you say when we were in there I was taking a dump and you were brushing your earlobe or whatever you were doing
And he said something about you know like 30 sleepless nights because he's under such tremendous pressure you know
Fred that he might fart in a mose face or like the wrong flavor or something like that look at him cross-eyed and right away you asshole you're out
You know plus give me some good guest and you're you're my problem
Now we know what's your problem is Moe it's a four-letter word it's called life
How's speaking of food how about bagel high man the bagel high is now under new ownership with the same great name and even better food than ever
The bagel high restaurant and deli at the southeast corner of Pines University has gotten orders Brian and Fran and the place like I just said only moments ago is even better than used to be
They feature hand ruled bagels and everything is made fresh from scratch white beef salad egg salad tuna salad chicken salad and more
Stopping the day for the best lunch special in the universe you'll get a sandwich pile
How would delicious corn beef pastrami turkey or salami fries, coleslaw, pickle and soda only 599
Why waste money on fast food when you can get homemade food faster for and fresh stop in the day for lunch and see Brian and Fran they're open till 3 in the PM
If you have an apartment let him customize a party platter for you they've got platters for any size group or occasion
The bagel high opens daily for breakfast at 6 a.m. with hot fresh handmade ruled bagels seven days a week and a 259 breakfast special which includes two eggs, potatoes, oatmeal, coffee and a bagel
Check them out of the southeast corner Pines University in Pemberg Pines call ahead for takeout 954 987 8605
That's 954 987 8605 the bagel high restaurant and deli it's the real Nakhaya
Five day you bastards
I know
I know
What you're
No
No
I got enough I got to think about on top of getting right and I don't need a rating that's a minus eight
I want to do long and the thunder stood to get away the little hot on the guest you
A russian guts to go
There's a lot of fat producers you know
That's right watch your back
Oh you won't wait for no no mo no mo no
Oh brother all that love I don't understand you can eat from a trough while using both in it
That big fat punch you made a rating school you just like climbed in it's all you are for
And a straight dip fat ass out
That's right watch your back
Oh
No
But
You won't wait for no
Listen what we say
You won't wait for no
No
No
No
No
Who are you?
Yeah, lucky you got a copy
I don't want time in your own
Yeah
The other boss 1017 at 560 W here in the facts machine is smoking baby. It's on fire practically
Let's see here's the one that says it's time for that old bastard Nelson Mandela to beat and buy a line and have the line
Schmidt on Miriam Olofant and have Janet Thunperino call a play by play with Howard NoMo David
Bob Mad Dog, Lassiter, Scream Stock Quotes to the sold out Raymond James Stadium
No
Oh brother
Those Tampa people man
Now that they want a Super Bowl they thought they were bad before now they're really move like like that
Here's one that said this is interesting
It says you spoke about guys that are good looking but get up here as they take off their clothes
Oh you won't believe who I threw a fax away from besides crazy HH for more ever is Mitch
And for Mitch from video waves
No
Who is joined the dip with Andy?
No I remember with this in the joys baby
And he's like screating me about well Sandwich or Sandwich Olof you're an idiot Mitch
At least you're consistent okay don't give me lectures about what to say on a year
Okay the organization is just continuing to dismantle the team and don't be S.M.E.
Anyway you spoke about guys that are good looking but get ugly as they take off their clothes
I also heard you some time ago mention that Matt Damon in the tell that Mr. Ripley looking so pale and pasty which was on purpose
There's one scene in the born identity where Mr. Damon is washing a woman's hair and takes off his shirt
Let me tell you this is one scene and just his arms alone make the DVD purchase worth every penalty
Mont Penny Mama Mia it says how do you like that?
See I can't you know what bothers me about him?
The teeth he's got when he smiles or laughs like there's something about his teeth
When you see this scene you won't be looking at his face it says of course he doesn't take enough off in the scene
It isn't she says it's not very long or he or whoever it isn't very long
I thought it was just if he didn't take his clothes off how do they know it isn't very long
No I'm not this whole face you think that he's ugly?
I think he's ugly like kind of like horsey looking you mean?
Like Carlos I know that's now you really have lost it okay
Now I know that your shipment must have come in time for the weekend
Anybody out there needs some real good drugs called George okay because obviously the shipment came in
You asshole he's wrong with mediocre Matt Damon right that's not true
All right well what do you know about guys anymore what do you know about with it?
Plenty I know good looking women I'm gonna want to turn you on a Britney Spears right?
I see admits that you wouldn't know Britney Spears from your ass okay if it wasn't for me
He's like like me stop I know a beautiful a hot looking babe when I see one doesn't mean I want a door but I sure can recognize it
Well I know what is it what's all that I look like
Oh well when you're sitting right next to one you can just go just anything that looks anywhere close
You got all mighty as he grotesque when how do you find him?
I mean here's when it says I'm telling you the fast people are psychotic today
What do you mean you're not doing the rock and roll bands that shouldn't be a player you asshole?
That's what it says you asshole
It's Friday we want to have some fun you're getting us all worked up relax brother
It's an I'm relaxed do I sound a little hyper today not me I'm relaxed
How's wrong with you?
No the reason we're not doing that poll is because it dawned on me once we started
That way it could go on for like months I mean with it if this is a market where there were like some reasonable music stations
Then it would be like a limited number but since they don't play any good groups for the most part
Then we could have every every group you like that's what you'd like to have on that pool
And you'd be right even the monkeys George even the most still foaming at the mouth about what you said
You asshole about the monkeys yesterday
A lot of people like the monkey look let's face it we're talking different era
The music that they're sending all these facts and which is a good sign that means we got somebody under the age of a hundred out there listening
I like the monkeys I don't think I'm talking about the zoo okay I'm not the metro zoo I'm talking about the music
I don't think they're being underplayed
I can't tell you the last time I heard a monkey song of course I also can't tell you the last time I turned on FM
Do you think that man you can who plays the monkeys besides magic who else would play the how would I know
How do you know that they're not being that they're not being played too little if you're not listening
I'm not used to listen to the radio every once in a while you know
When was this what year was this what decade what century huh 1980 1980 that's about the last time I tried it too
In fact last time I listen to FM was when I was on Zeta sounded good to me
What do you laugh at about we had to invite away casted over we had I have big big big fat numbers in there okay
Who the hell you can and we had like not just one show to compete with which is all you got we had like eight million shows
We're waiting for the morning and tonight I talk my feet for your chars
I haven't played those in a long time of course I'd rather hear
He wakes me up in the morning
He wakes me up with a smile
I'm a smile man
Drinking my coffee and bunch of Ramadan
With two four of the guys
That's because you're going there
We're sitting on a tile
What happened to the bird?
How did you work in my world with it?
How happened to the not the bird I mean what happened to the cart the cackle it should be right there
Well guess what it's not mister that or fact I was playing it once when you were a kid right I know that I heard that so I know that you were
Dicking with that cart okay and that's what it's not here that would be there not not here oh no anyway now what was that in response to
I wasn't responsible the fact of music on FM here sucks but they have these amazing things called CDs and once in a
Watt you might buy one and you can get like a rebate in between downloading all the music for free from well we're not
Suggesting that but we know you're all doing that okay from when mix and all the others what what what do you listen going like that?
Well why is he putting his I mean they're all doing that already oh he's not a secret he's calling about the CD rebate I hate to break the news
It's not a secret okay that people I don't want to mention names are downloading music by the thousands and thousands and thousands of titles free from the Internet
and I you know what are case of rassera here's a Paul who just oh you know who this is this is the wingman Paul is not just playing Paul I should know that so there it goes
Bishop and Bush's church in new anti war add the National Council of Church is a beginner in a television commercial today in which a bishop of the United Methodist Church President Bush's
Denomination says going to war against direct violates God's law and the teachings of Jesus Christ how do you like that huh why do that yeah well this is his
Denomination ten bucks so thank the Lord he's not letting religion interfere with his choices Jesus Christ sure the 32nd
ad schedule appears several times today over the next week on CNN of Fox anxious fascist cable news in New York and Washington is part of an
Accelerating TV radio and print media campaign by win without war a coalition of organizations opposed to invading Iraq the choice of a method as
Bishop as a spokesman is intended to emphasize the opposition to war from America's mainstream churches and to convey that the
peace movement is in the middle of the road in Patriotic corn to win without wars National director former representative Tom Andrews Democrat
of Maine some national TV networks and local stations ever injected the anti war coalition's ever to by advertising time
signed in controversial content of its ads the first spot which aired in 14 cities beginning January 16
showed a little to a plucking pedals from a daisy during a missile launch countdown followed by a nuclear mushroom cloud
it was a remake of one of the most famous political ads in history and attempted 1964 by President Lyndon B. Johnson's campaign
the portrays are public and opponent Barry Goldwater as a warmonger what do you mean an attempt
oh oh and isn't interesting after a Goldwater lost that election how all of a sudden became so moderate and so
reasonable huh just a man oh speaking of moderate and reasonable there's Tommy who looks like he just came from hell
now you I understand he calls it we all need the money on the side especially when they work here
he's not walking around looking like that by choices what he's saying he's walking around looking like that because
he's in a band okay here's the result yesterday's pull although I think apparently we ought to do the
break first you know so we don't have to interrupt ourselves in midstream a lot of people out there
that's probably their problem right their sex life isn't as good as it should be scored square because
they have to keep interrupting in midstream which is not easy to do by the way though we asked yesterday
which of these statements best describes your sex life results to follow momentarily so lowery maze and
bunch of lunatics up there's oh yeah this is good for this is great you asshole god
look at all the people are out on the beach now thanks to these monopolies all the people in this
industry a lot of talented people it could be on the year entertaining you folks out there
making a living making the radio dial vibrant and exciting again as opposed to stale
and they're talking about derogating even more why not just have clear channel every radio station
there you go then everybody in the world can hear larda's limbaugh and dr.
lower and all the other stale crap they got on there so only one show they got on are you sure
that anybody would want to listen to and that's full and other than that forget about it am I right
yeah what else do they got no be saw me that's mentioned it by myster okay me and oh I'm talking
about that yeah you know I'm talking about them I've heard his crap okay believe me crap would
be a compliment larda's junior tamper revisited oh and not even good tamper radio if there is if
that isn't an oxy moron I mean just just the same old stale stuff you know how come he doesn't go
what's it or how come he ain't doing that and I'm pretty soon he will be doing it like in a higher
register like yoldie and Brian Craig seriously when I heard on him I still don't believe I really
heard that had to be a dream but I heard this morning I think we call those nightmares and breath
the the tent lady and and moishi and both ladies joy and oh hi this is Brian Craig and I'm here
because Steve is on vacation they had a separator set the hip they had to do an operation for Steve
believe the building without me yeah cow I don't understand if mr. egos on vacation how would he go
anywhere without his entourage maybe he had some fillings to fill in or maybe they cloned
Brian Craig maybe the iralians cloned him huh a little bit too old now Brian turn the clock back
a little bit norm said you were pretty good hey do you need car insurance if you got in tickets
of the pastor had an accident you have bad credit if you answered yes to any of these things call
this number one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three that's the number four Florida
first insurance they've got the car insurance policy plan for everyone regardless of your past
record they've got low down payments and catch you the car insurance you need for as little as
thirty five bucks a month column now one eight hundred sorry one triple eight five oh six seventy
two eighty three same difference one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three Florida
first insurance offers free quotes is family owned and operated and they've been doing it a long time
you deserve the current insurance you're looking for so call these folks now one triple eight five oh six
seventy two eighty three if you need home insurance life insurance health or commercial insurance
Florida first insurance can get your ass covered and right now it's a special promotion stop by
any for Florida first insurance location gets yourself a quote and you'll get too free casino
cruise passes at the same time compliments of Las Vegas style marketing a sixty dollar value
absolutely free so call one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three get a
car insurance quote from Florida first insurance and get too free casino cruise passes and don't
forget no matter what your car history record is you have to call this number to give it all
straight and out Florida first insurance for all your car insurance needs one eight eight eight
five oh six seventy two eighty three five and local we're sports video five cities you and you
we we
we
hi guys you like my eyes want to get some nine inch straws and stuck down some my ties I've been working
out want to feel my size you'll fly high how do you know if you never tried guys tonight I got a
date and I'm trying to get my head straight but I can't figure out which spice girl I want to
impersonate and Dr. Jason's pretty you're a queen look at that wing boy you're on the team well
since age 12 I fell down my first male and ever since then never fell the chase in that tail got
pissed off and ripped my ex-boyfriends nips off kiss him and said I didn't know blitz deck made
the best look at that pound of pole then paint on my mole orgasmic control is my ultimate goal
come here flat wait get away from me I'm your bro doll I don't give a fuck I take them so take
a close on my name is my name is my name is oh my name is oh my name is
my name is uh my name is what's
my name
I
glim
feel I don't know what was going on this building this morning I came in and khiki Carlos was bent
over a chair behind a reception desk. Anyway, here's the result of the poll.
From yesterday, which of these statements best describes your sex life speaking of that?
1168 votes. Could be better, 199. Sensational 190, 16.2%.
Aren't we jealous of those 190 people? Aren't we jealous?
Oh, assuming we believe them. Oh, hey, listen, it's all relative. Sensational means maybe they're
late once every six months. Who the hell knows? Who knows what they consider to be sensational?
Who knows what kind of disgusting Harry Grotesque look and women are sleeping with?
That smell real bad and have bad breath and doors fart a lot. Who knows? Or guys?
Let's see, could be better, 199. Sensational 190. Okay, 183. Could be a lot better, 182. Solo 127, 10.8%.
Non-existent 97, something of the past 87. I'm desperate 56. And weak, would you poo poo that 47?
Even though it did come in last week. I just thought it was too similar to another entry.
Yeah, but whatever. To another entry is that another one of your little double-on-tons here to another entry as in...
No, we seem to be obsessed with... Got a brain. Not me.
Here's a... So we got on our website also this column, which I'm not going to waste my time with
that Christoph, flogging the French. I'd rather we do something else to the French because it's with an F.
But there is one interesting second paragraph. The European edition of Time Magazine has been
conducting a poll on its website. Which country poses the greatest danger to world peace in 2003?
With 318,000 votes cast so far from all over the world of Europe, the responses are North Korea 7%,
Iraq 8%, the United States 84%.
Ah!
So when somebody tells you that the whole world hates us already and that if we start reading
doing wild and crazy things, they're going to hate us even a lot more, which makes our security
in your very life worth a lot less. Don't poo poo it, okay? Like George is so quick to poo poo things.
You asshole!
Yeah.
Oh, you know something I get... I think I get like a little tremor when I hear him say that.
I'm going to admit it. I just get like a little... I don't want to say where, but...
Back home!
Yeah. He uses that big announcer.
Quiver when he says...
You asshole!
Oh! Man!
Puts me in my place.
Here's today's poll, which we thank chronic, a real sick person out there. I don't want to
mention Jeff Heist former neighbor. I guess it shows that if you throw enough crap out of the
air sooner or later, some of it will come down and hit the ground.
Today's poll, movies that made Krampman cry, but they won't admit it.
Now here's the list so far, most of which he sent.
Now where's the ones that we added?
Any idea?
None.
Well, I've only got 6,000 pieces of thing here in front of me here.
Huh?
Oh, here it is. Here's the ones we added.
Well, it's only the one I added, which is Rain Man.
That was pretty like it's a...
Emotion moment, sir.
It was.
Anyway, movies that made Man Crybo, and although I do admit it, see, then bother me, it won't hurt my image.
ET
Feel the dreams.
Pretty woman.
Brian Song.
Shindler's list.
Oh, you see that yet?
Yeah.
Driving Miss Daisy is a really good Rudy love story.
Rocky won.
And she dead?
Adrian.
Adrian.
For Rocky?
No, no, no, no.
Love story.
What was your name?
Ryan McNeil, and I can see your face.
Oh, man, I see that's bad.
Oh, it's coming to me.
I think she died.
I don't think so.
And doesn't he have...
He has something like old age or something.
Yeah, he has old age.
Ryan McNeil's got...
Oh, he's got some kind of a thing.
Ryan McNeil and something in love story.
Come on, let's see who's got the worst dead brain death disease.
I can see her face right now.
I'm looking at her.
I see her.
What's his name?
Ray Mulan.
I'm a great...
Ray Mulan.
Alan Mulan.
Very good.
Ray Mulan played the daddy.
Remember that?
No.
Ray Mulan played his daddy.
No, I don't remember.
The hard, hard, and nasty miserable obnoxious.
You went home long ago.
I think it was too much of a deal.
Well, that's so good points for me.
You got Alan McGraw.
Got Ray Mulan.
And Carlos who got the Ryan McNeil,
who's old and got something.
Rocky one and FATSO.
Now I put down Ray Man.
And also it's a wonderful life.
I got my choice.
And you know what?
I do cry when I see wonderful life.
But not during the movie.
That's when I see it comes on my screen and I change it.
I cry a lot.
I don't that it's I didn't want to say it.
Because Jimmy's I like Jimmy Stewart.
Like in Weird Window and there were a few movies.
I thought he was very good in the Hitchcock movies.
Rope.
Oh yeah.
But it's a wonderful life.
Is the was the stereo type of what Jimmy Stewart became.
In the start of a kind of.
I don't like that Jimmy Stewart.
Every time you mention it, I keep Jones and for that bit we have.
Jimmy Stewart screws who?
Catherine Hepburn.
No.
Now what what a what kind of a thing is that we got Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
And now the sound of Jimmy Stewart.
Mickey love the Catherine Hepburn.
Now what?
Oh yeah.
What are you doing?
Yeah.
What are you doing?
Yeah.
Get the fuck out of here.
Oh.
Oh.
21 to 11.
This got a phony Brian Craig facts very bad very weak phony.
A New England Paul speaking of phony fax.
He says don't know who sent that fax.
You're right.
Apologize.
It wasn't me.
It wasn't the New England Paul.
If I want to get blamed for something or be called an asshole if I deserve it.
You're right.
New England Paul.
So sorry.
It was the other chronic Paul has also become really even more chronic than the New England
shoulder.
Brian Craig by the way is going to be taking over Georgia's jobs.
Starting Monday.
So let's see if we got a few here.
Huh?
And I'm sure we'll get a lot more of these real tear jerks.
Go to the petite.
And from what I'm seeing here on our pool there must be a lot of jerkers out there.
When you think since we're doing tears today.
So let's see.
George again you notice the pattern you caught me into playing that because I think he's
getting paid off by somebody who does not see this show do too well.
Getting me to play all those unfunny comedy.
I thought it was very amusing myself.
I thought it was funny but you Howard thought it was funny.
Who?
You asshole.
Just relax.
Okay.
Stop.
Will you stop it?
See when you're on by yourself.
You don't have the balls now that you got the new contract.
That's not true.
What?
I said everything that was worth saying during those two weeks of vacation.
About what?
About anything and everybody.
About him trying to get your ass fired.
Yeah.
And being a hard ass.
Yeah.
And having a bad hair piece.
That too.
And playing too much Marjolton and shuffleboard.
All of it.
And where your chuckered pants and having bad varicose veins and playing too much golf.
With old people in Boka.
Carlos said you never see this.
Did you ever say anything about it?
He's shaking his head.
He said never said a word.
But what would he know?
Not much.
Where is that sandwich ponytail?
Let's go.
How hard could it be?
We didn't have to make a big production about this.
I don't want to sound pushy or ungrateful.
But since I saw that, I should have taken Geldy's sandwich.
You know what?
Screw him.
Got to try to stab my good friend Jogs in the back.
Try to get that Panther play by play job.
Hi everybody.
It's time for the Panther game.
I mean, you know, what is that?
What is that?
That was okay for Foster and Bill Hewitt that high pitched false set okay, you know.
But I mean, I don't think that's the sound that people want to hear on a sports cast.
Do you?
You think so?
How would I know?
Well, you better get with it, mister.
You've been to a hockey game or two in your time.
Right.
See?
Do you want to hear somebody doing play by play?
Who talks like that?
I don't think so.
So I'm next time there's one out there.
I'm going to eat Geldy's damn.
That's going to be my new diet, by the way.
Although he was really good.
Oh, Dr. Bob was on the Donny Who last night.
I was one of the 10 people watching briefly.
And between the hockey games, there was Dr. Bob on there who looks very old, by the way.
Your close personal friend Dr. Bob Atkins.
Yeah.
Atkins is good.
It really is.
If you can do it.
Right.
Yeah.
If you can do it, I can't do it.
I'm just telling you right now, I can't do it.
He says, don't make excuses.
That's your emotions.
It's there.
I can't do it.
I need to put a thing.
And how about if you?
Sweet.
Like maybe some of them calls a cough drops.
Those halls are sorbeter.
Oh, wow, by the way.
Yesterday.
Nice job.
Hey, I tell you speaking to something sweet and the Atkins die, which I just got through
Tony is so good for a lot of people if they can do it.
The lights of white spoke is a story that will help you stay on it because other than just
meat and cheese and lobster and steak and bacon and eggs, you know, even with all those things
under it sounds great.
But after a while, it gets ponderous repetitive.
If you want to find zillions of other great things that are low in carbs and they're
safe for that diet, the lights of white spoke is like a find in the desert.
Like a miracle.
I've got over 600 delicious low-carb food products all in this one great store.
This week tried the simply low-carb loaf of delicious new bread with just three grams of digestible carbs per slice
and delicious taste of whole wheat bread.
In fact, how come we don't have some of that?
What did you do with that loaf that PDLini brought in?
That'd be great for like a grilled cheese sandwich with bacon.
Took it home.
You took it home?
Was it any good?
Yeah, that's all right.
So whether it's carb or light ice cream bread, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta, and sauces,
the lights of white spoke is the place you'll find it.
And you can track before your profit and your push.
Or before your buy at Hoseko, they got an eligible staff open seven days a week from 10 to 10
and they create the most complete line of Atkins products in the world that are always 25% off all day every day.
I'm sure you've heard the reports.
Maybe you saw Dr. Bob on Fildon, he who last night.
Maybe you wanted to fill 10 viewers.
So if you're on Atkins and you want to get a whole variety of great things that are low in carbs and sugar,
here's the number one low-carb sugar-free store in the university,
lights of white spoke and you'll find it on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston Market
or call them tool free at 1-877 Low Carb
or you'll find them on the world wicked wide web at lowcarb.com
One of the most acclaimed films of our time is now the musical event of the decade.
You want your love for and you want your love for out.
A story about what it means to hope.
A story about what it means to hope.
Scoring Academy Award winner Daniel Bay Lewis.
That's what is all about.
My left foot.
The musical.
Uh, you put your left foot back in.
You put your left foot back out.
My left foot.
The musical.
This guy, he's putting his best foot forward.
1047, what, when I, what are you doing with my food?
Jeff Collins here from the Petzelov,
you brought me to food and what are you doing there?
I'm just, I like having a mess here, okay?
I'm not turning to my concert just leave it up there.
Eat your sandwich and thank you very, very much.
Where's this from again?
Fried green tomato.
Fried green tomato, griffin and where?
Griffin and pine.
I'll thank you.
It was very, very good.
Grilled cheese on a whole wheat bread with bacon.
No butter.
No butter.
Gonna be my new diet.
So I'm gonna eat his grilled cheese sandwiches with uh,
with or without bacon.
What are you laughing about on a whole wheat bread?
I'm not supposed to eat bread because it's high in carbohydrates,
but you know, this is a whole wheat bread.
And maybe George will bring back some of that really great bread
we were just talking about from PD Lenny.
That you all.
Anyway, here's a fact that says the following two stories
confirm suspicions of the Bush-Raysian
and his fabrication of evidence.
Look at that phone by the way with all the suggestions
on our poll on how many facts is not one call on the board.
Boy, you people are just stiff, you know?
Don't look at us on this end of the show.
This end of the show is cook and man is smoking.
You people out there is a stiff as a piece of cardboard.
You know what I'm saying.
Of course you can't knock him because they're your customers.
By the way, pizza loft, two locations,
Davy and the plantation.
Right beyond Walgreens and plantation.
You can't see it from the street.
Right beyond Walgreens, not killing sunrise.
It's great.
Same great food is the other one and cheap prices and good food.
What I just say before, we got $80 million worth of free plug.
That's why he's still in business.
He voted on our poll yesterday.
He said his sex life was sensational.
You don't have one anymore.
Since he got dumped by that brought from my mirrors.
The following two stories confirm what we have bush lying about the IAAC.
I don't think that's the right report that never existed.
We have bush repeating, we firmly refuted nuclear aluminum tubes for applications.
And now there's evidence and estimate for quite a while since the 1990 Defense Intelligence
Agency report that Sodom did not gas his own people.
How do you like that?
The lies are going to be deep and dangerous.
What do you mean, yeah, right?
How do you know?
And if he did it with our gas anyway, we gave him the gas.
Yeah.
What was the case?
We gave him the gas.
Why do we give him the bomb?
And what did we say about it then?
Did we say anything about it then?
Was Rumsby a love of their shake at his hand and smiling and kissing his ass?
Yes.
Everything we did is both good.
I mean, it's bad.
Right.
See, it's a good thing his mic is off, okay?
Okay, I don't really, you know, if we went over there and we like blew his brains out,
that's fine with me.
That's great.
But the idea that we're going to like start World War 3 maybe,
where God only knows there's an instigator, a whole bunch of terrorist crap
and jeopardize the lives of not only our troops but all the American people,
is a little bit unnerving but nevertheless.
Why are you talking?
Nobody can hear you.
I'm not going to turn on your microphone.
Are you going to start doing politics now?
Do you want to start doing politics?
Jeff Cohen of the pizza loft with two locations in Rowered County,
making a lot of money and great food?
That'd be cool.
No, no, no, no, bad idea.
No, I'm going to tell stories about you pretty soon.
No, not a good idea.
Are you starting to make trouble for the automakers now and for the right wingers?
Two movies, Coco's Nest at the end when Nicholson has the lobotomy.
I didn't find anything tear jerking about Coco's Nest.
Did you?
Even when the Indian ran out?
I thought it was funnier in hell.
When the Indian ran out, I thought it was tear jerking.
Why?
Are you serious?
No.
Dear Hunter, when Christopher walking goes over the edge.
I don't need you to show me how to eat a hedge.
That's because you piled these up on a plate idiot.
Could you please play the bit Santana plays guitar?
I have no idea what that is.
Is that in there?
Santana?
Now are there napkins around here?
Something like that?
I'm going to have to like, smear up everything here and get it all oily.
This is the only man in the world can make like a major giant production
about a cheap grilled cheese sandwich.
Which is not that I'm ungrateful.
I appreciate it more than you'll ever know.
But I mean, a major major production.
Here's a good fact that from the movie Maven, it says,
Allie McGraw's career died.
She's still alive.
We're building this pool, but of course Carlos is doing everything
but working feverishly on it.
He's bouncing around.
What's that?
Now let him take care of it.
I don't want to sound ungrateful, but he's the food man.
Like I said, thanks for bringing him in.
He can't find one of the gun up his ass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got two of that.
Enough napkins already.
Jesus Christ.
How about Old Yeller?
Says Sean.
You know, chronic Sean and Hollywood says, maybe it's another Sean.
Old Yeller.
That's the classic, dude.
We got a couple of votes for Old Yeller.
Get that on there, Carlos.
I'm not right now.
He's down on busy eating.
These great grilled cheese.
I'm assuming you have to pay for it.
Oh, Lord.
Thanks for a lot.
Huh?
Well, Lord.
They're for a roof.
He bought a couple of grilled cheese sandwiches for like three and a half bucks
and they gave him already $5,000 worth of free advertising in 10 minutes
and just started.
Don't start with a policy because it's not good for booze.
One.
Hey, I don't know what it is.
I'm Jones in for a grilled cheese sandwich.
Which is a lot better than Jones in for like yesterday.
What are we talking about?
Spores.
Oh, yeah.
Ice cream and candy and all that crap.
So Dr. Bob last night, I'm thinking of myself.
Mask.
Here's what it says, mask.
And my left foot, which is why I just played that.
Being a hard-hearted bastard that I am.
Never saw either one of those.
Mask wasn't that sheer, was it, mask?
Yeah.
She ought to be where it went.
Believe me.
Christ, you should have shared it with her ex-husband.
Look at her response.
We're getting on the phone on this.
See, I'm not going to, I didn't play the comedy, but it's 9 to 10 days.
We might do it through like 11 to 1.
I love these people.
Like give me all these instructions and lecture and praxis.
And you do this and you look at a phone.
It's the same old crap.
Here's never going to change.
Never going to change.
Here's a car and here his cell phone is going off in here.
Here's a car from Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Okay.
I have a phone for you.
I just buy anyone not to rub it like a baby when they watch this.
It's called My Dog Skip.
It's more recent film, but it's a real tear jerker.
Oh, not about a dog dying.
Yeah, yeah, it is.
Dying dog always make you cry.
All right.
Well, usually,
yeah, I have a question.
I have one that's coming up pretty soon and I'm not so sure I'll cry too much.
Yeah, go ahead.
Who the hell is Defo?
Defo?
Defo.
There's these doorboards.
Defo.
This guy with uh...
He used to play in Def Lepard.
Headphone to Defo.
Good question.
We'll find out for him.
All right.
Thanks.
By the way, Chief Channel Loans and Billboards.
He don't work for them.
They actually had a buy and that's something out in the light bulb.
Had a buy those billboards or wherever he works for now.
Now, the rumor is we're going to have billboards here.
It was supposed to be in January,
but since today is the 34th,
you see any coming over?
No.
That's the rumor.
The same billboards they've been promising me since before
Jesus was a baby.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Try to build a pool and no response.
Movies that made men cry
but they won't admit to it.
It's a great pool.
Even though it came from this truck and he stole it off the internet.
It's a sensational pool.
And you know what?
They just won't admit to it.
That's the problem.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
What's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey Jeff, stick with the magic show.
That's first thing.
That's right.
Second thing.
No politics, man.
Don't these right wingers know as soon as that first bomb
drops on Iraq, there's going to be terrorism all over the United States.
Right, all over the world.
I mean, this is just ridiculous.
This guy is trying to find every way imaginable
and makes them up to just go after Iraq.
I mean, this is just ridiculous.
I mean, that's it.
I'm going to the app to the mountains with George.
Have a good time.
Say it.
What's his name up there?
Mark Furman.
Al Qaeda is making dirty bomb, by the way,
to BBC reports.
British officials presenting evidence,
which they claim shows Al Qaeda has been trying
with several radioactive material to build a so-called dirty bomb.
They revealed that Osama bin Laden's weapons program was further on than anyone thought.
But I think we need to go into Iraq because we know that they have some ties.
I love that line about, well, there were some Iraqi officials
who were like that one at the end of Kilden Jordan.
Once we're in Baghdad.
I guess the relic is that we know that there were a lot of Al Qaeda people
in this country, huh?
And probably still are.
So why don't we just drop bombs on the US?
Oh, there you go.
There's some ties.
There's some ties there.
We know they were in Buffalo.
Let's drop some bombs on Buffalo.
So I bet you we have a unanimous vote on that.
I heard they were bow ties.
Oh, well, I hope to the fall.
I make sure the wind is blowing like south that day.
I don't want to float up there to Toronto.
It's too close.
Yeah, we're invading Buffalo tomorrow, by the way.
The French and Indian War Part Two.
Oh, look at that.
Just a bit of a little sandwich right there at Jeff.
Don't take it personal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You notice that Iraq is building the pool on us.
We speak right longer in the show.
See, we're all on one page here on this end.
The audience, by the way, still sit out there trying to figure it out.
Trying to figure out exactly.
And you know who started it all?
Good guy.
We appreciate his listening all these years.
What that was his name?
The one who's the Pete, the KAT.
Listen, he's been listening to me a hundred years.
You asshole.
My life and local.
This is 420560.
You way, you way.
Why the, you bastard.
Have you ever turned on the radio and said that song makes me sick?
Girl, no.
K.O.P.K. Records presents.
Songs that make you wanna throw up.
I got a job to go to.
I'll check on you.
I got a case of stealing you.
I got a job to go to.
I got a job to go to.
Yes, I'm songs that make you wanna throw up.
You get sting.
I can't complete Barforama.
And who could forget their classic?
Puk, pu, pu.
Puk, pu, pu.
Puk, pu, pu.
Puk, pu, pu.
Puk, pu, pu.
You know you make me want a bar.
This is my goal, dream.
I'll go watch out now.
I'll come my cool, keep my,
I'll come my new, the bar.
You don't do man.
You can do the puk, it.
Songs that make you wanna throw up.
You make me want a baby.
You asshole.
111 and 560.
WQ, I'm happy, Friday 2.
I got a pristine lineup today.
No ball games, no, uh, Hazarai.
Jim had to do one, Hank Goldberg at 3.
The Hercune Hotline at 7.
The big 8 to 10.
That's where Landu Alseguiri and Dig is the operative word.
Eddie K from GA at 10 and, oh boy, caught myself in midstream.
By the way, happy birthday, Joe Castello.
We forgot yesterday, it's your just fault.
I wrote it on the 10th.
He has to be in radio over it.
Yeah, and we, I said, I saw it out of the corner of my eye on Wednesday.
So I gave you know, it's better to say it ahead of time, which we did on Wednesday than
too late.
Like even a birthday card to somebody a week after their birthday, because you forgot it.
It just doesn't have the same impact, you know.
In fact, it makes you feel really bad.
Like you did this just because somebody told you it was my birthday and you missed it.
And you really didn't care enough to send your very best in the first place and you suck.
You, uh, you asshole.
Yeah.
Here's a fact from a chronic who says speaking of billboards.
By the way, thanks again, Jeff Cohen from the pizza law for a great grilled cheese sandwiches
about 10 of them.
Good, good stuff.
What did you say was from the fried pickle?
The fried tomato?
Fried, uh, green tomato.
Oh, fried green tomato.
Don't be talking with your mouthful, mister.
That's bad radio.
Bad, bad, bad radio.
Pretty soon you'd be working for a clear channel for about a fucking half an hour.
Pretty soon you'd be working for David Ross and all those other great, and PD Bulger.
You asshole.
You know something?
That's what I wish.
I don't wish ill-health on anybody, but you know what I wish?
I wish that a certain somebody who works in the morning on this station would wind up working
for Pete Bulger.
Oh, oh.
I would constantly be like, scored, scored down my pants, scored, scored all day long,
scored, scored.
You having like scored scored?
Sqord, scored, scored.
Sqord, scored.
Anyway, speaking of billboards, I've seen way too much Schmidt Schmidt.
He's one hideous dude.
At least one billboard with your old ugly ass in a pull-off fit, it said.
Yeah.
With anything.
Even in no outfit, just naked, anything.
Not this outfit.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
I'm not voting until we get the list completed.
Then again, the thing is, which movie, uh, now what do we say?
What's your favorite movie that made men cry but won't admit it?
It's kind of awkward the way we're wording it, but how else do we do it?
And the reason it was so hard to get them to calls because they don't want to admit it.
And then there also has to be a category on their Eric, uh, never cry to the movie.
Okay?
I'm sure that there are people out there, maybe even some women.
Maybe?
You want to have two categories?
Like, I'm a woman who never cried to the movie or I'm a man who never cried to the movie.
We could make it gender neutral.
I'm not sure who I am, but I never cried to the movie.
Movie that made me cry.
I'm a little trope.
I once said in a movie with Brian Craig, cried my eyes out, bald my brains out.
You just what?
What's Brian?
Bald.
I didn't.
Oh, I know.
Norma.
Uh, and what was I just saying?
Okay, let's have two more categories.
I'm a woman who never cried to the movie and I'm a man who never cried to the movie.
Just for those people who can't vote for the other ones.
I'm not saying everybody cries in the movies.
Like a bunch of silly, weak emotional.
You know, it's just a movie.
It's just a movie.
Lassie.
Oh, no, lassie.
But he had to shoot yellow.
Yeah, I didn't see that.
It was sad.
Was it sad?
I don't remember, but I was a little kid, so I probably called.
Oh, and speaking of people, Miss, uh, treating dogs, did you see that story on the news last
night about that guy?
Where was that?
In Hollywood?
With the two dogs tied to the tree, the two of me, she had no, oh, and I got my fingers crossed
that we don't get a phone call today.
Two really nice dogs.
I had them tied up with rope.
The one had the chain around the next so tight.
I mean, in the middle of my lunch, I don't want to tell you.
And had fleeced so bad that part of his ear fell off.
And they arrested the guy.
No food, no water.
Abused dogs.
I mean, just how could anybody do that?
Anybody.
But anyway, I guess they're doing okay.
And they were like, had a big thing on the news.
And they were going to be adopted or whatever.
They were in cruel springs, some hospital up there.
That lady, by the way, I'm always happy to help out.
But don't push your luck, okay, lady?
If I were a multi-media there, I would just have a whole show here.
And all I would have, I wouldn't have any show.
I'd just be gone.
But if I still was here, you know, assuming I was a schmuck.
And all I would do is have people called in for abandoned abused animals.
And I'd like, we'd raise money every day and I'd write a check.
See what I'm saying?
Like that asshole at right wing of schmuck.
What's his name?
Winsone's those money.
What is his name?
Benstein.
Benstein.
Oh, I Benstein.
You asshole.
God, do I despise him?
Talk about an arrogant, ecotistical schmuck.
Benstein.
You make me want to, you make me nauseous.
You want to make me get my foreskin back.
That's how much I can't stand you.
Benstein.
You asshole.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Can you hear me okay?
I'm in the car with this little earplug hand-free thing in my phone.
Here you good.
Oh, and if I got two pretty good movies that made me cry at the end of them.
Okay.
Shashang Redemption.
Okay.
And Gladiator.
Gladiator?
Gladiator with Russell.
You've got to go.
At the very end when he's dead and he sees a salm, he has a, that was pretty nice.
And you cried?
I'm not really cried.
Weeping cry.
A little, a little bit of, you tear it up a little bit.
A little bit.
A little choking, choking up action.
Yeah, I'll admit it.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
I, I, I cry very gladiator.
Starting at about the middle of it when I realized how to, what I thought it was.
I knew it.
And then all the way, it rests the way through.
Yeah.
Now, who was in that Peter North?
Russell Crowe.
Gladiator?
Yes.
He was.
Ron Jeremy.
And I said, Ron Jeremy, the middle of my lunch and I'm still here.
Oh.
I said, I didn't gag.
Didn't gag, didn't choke, didn't, because I'm trying not to think about it.
How about the Randy West?
Oh.
Now, what you interrupted me in the middle of a very important thought.
This guy was saying what?
He gave me a few moves.
He saw a strike.
He saw a strike.
Did you ever see that?
No.
No, sorry Jason.
And by the way, we don't want to see any more pictures of your excrement either.
That was disgusting.
It takes a pull towards snapshot of his J in the bowl.
The only thing I would like to see is OJ in the bowl.
I pay a lot to see that.
Like in pieces, dismembered.
Hey, OJ, we hate you by the way.
KCNA doubts dismember here.
No, that member over there.
Here's deer field.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Trick-quick ones for you.
Let me interrupt you.
And the good part of it is, unlike almost every other pool, if you have two or three, no problem, because you know, you can have, although we're saying what's your favorite.
That's not the figure.
But that's okay.
The first would be terms of endearment.
Oh.
With Shirley McClain?
Yes.
I'm trying just thinking about her now, her psychic reading.
And the second for anybody would ever serve in the military, it's the more recent movie.
It's with Mel Gibson, we were soldiers.
I cry a lot when I see Mel Gibson.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great weekend.
Have a good one.
We were soldiers.
It was heavy.
Mel Gibson.
I don't watch Mel Gibson movie.
Sometimes he makes my skin crawl.
Nevertheless.
I just don't like him.
It was heavy.
I like Gene Hackman.
I like Al Pacino.
I like Robert De Niro.
I like, um, most of the actors and actresses.
I like Karen Black with her crossed eyes.
Robert Darni, Geneal.
No, I don't like Robert Darni, Geneal.
Although he, now he was in a good movie.
Oh, what was the name of the guy who I can never think of his name?
Sex lies in the video tape.
What was his name?
James Spader.
Very good.
Oh, let's hear it for George.
Wasn't he in that movie?
Yeah, he was in him.
It was, uh, that fact.
I mean, that, uh, that good looking young, uh, what was his name?
See, I'll have a set I'm lost.
This is bad for me because when he gets to be this old.
You're mixing your movies.
Don't you know who played the villain that movie, James Spader, was in where they were up on the roof?
And he was like toasting his girlfriend like a marshmallow.
And he had her tied to that thing.
And he was about to see that movie.
That was a good movie.
The evil guy that came back to town in Chicago, where he was, uh, uh, uh, uh,
Well, see the reason I paused is that we're both thinking real hard.
Oh, I never saw the movie.
As soon as I tell you who the other guy was and I can't believe I can't think of his name.
I would remember a movie where a girl was being tortured on a roof.
Yeah, I guess you never saw that.
No.
What's the name of it, Carlos?
Look up James Spader on the internet.
Because how many movies did James Spader made?
A lot too many.
Too many.
You don't like James Spader?
No, he was okay.
He was no Christian Slader.
Oh, no.
Slow bird.
Slow bird?
He's just looking up the database.
I don't know.
I don't think that's good.
If he's getting cooked on the roof, that kind of like a bird.
A kind of just like in the hitcher, like she was like tied between the two troopers.
They're just like, kind of like the same thing.
See Thomas Hall.
See Thomas Run.
See Thomas.
They could.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I can't believe I can't think of the other dudes name that's in that movie.
I mean, it's a such an obvious piano race.
It just came to me.
See, when you stop, yeah.
He plays the bad guy.
That would make you happy.
And in the end, right off the roof, I think, is our recall.
Pretty tense.
Oh, thanks for rooting for me.
You're not going to go see the inner five-end movie or rent that movie.
You don't like Game Spader, you can't hate piano, right?
Which I'm not that fond of, either.
See, the difference between not being too fond of an actor actress
or having just liking them so much, you won't see the movie like Mel Gibson.
Like Leonardo.
Yeah.
I mean, he's just ridiculous.
You know, he's the, what's the point?
That's like, he's like the rascal house of movies.
He's just like, that's how I feel about that.
Or like, Slice the Loan.
Oh, well, that's another category.
Is there enough money in the world to pay us to go see a movie with Slice the Loan?
Well, why don't they make us an author and we'll see.
I mean, you want to know why there's so many dumb people in the world?
Just go see a Slice the Loan movie.
You think?
I mean, that's it. That's him.
You know, Adrian.
That's it. It's all the rest.
He makes OJ look like a great actor.
Well, at least he was in some funny movies.
Naked gun. Wasn't he a naked gun?
And Leslie Nielsen, good Canadian boy, by the way.
I just spit out a little piece of my sandwich.
11 past 11 at 5.60.
And let me tell you if you want to put something good in your post that's good for you.
How about Oliomet?
Oliomet is Mediterranean formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical-grade olive oil combined with lots of really good healthy stuff.
There are vitamins, minerals, herbals, and other nutrients in there.
Scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
Look for Oliomet's three new formulas, which are sleep, weight management, and coq10.
Oliomet also has supplements to promote health in your circulatory or digestive, your endocrine system, your skin, your bones, even your mind.
All using the benefits of the finest olive oil known to man and woman.
And Oliomet has products both for men and women, too, by the way.
Oliomet's an outstanding product, and you can pick it up all over town.
Find some of the public's records, all the four markets, and wall greens for more information, call their toll-free number.
And they'll tell you what it's all about, and where you can put it.
1-866 Oliomet.
That's 1-866-653-6633.
And of course, you can always order their products on their website, oliomedamerica.com.
And during football season, the offense season, which is only 20 or 30 months away, don't forget to visit their sampling affiliate at sports down every Sunday.
Start feeling great today with the help of Oliomet.
Find a local BCC's 560.
The radio is on your side.
Q&A!
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
I'm a cranky homo foe, not that I mind it but I'm way too old I fantasize about feeling
in bed and at rest with feed loads my man friend I'll just make up with Jinner at some day
and then ask him to rate my fun, no very no very again
though I would not deal with more spools, and I would not be ashamed about a Jinner and more gay union
just bold and then stroking away, what's the thing?
boy, baby, kill me, you're not my type, just sound like a nine year old kid
only a much old manly guy, you don't know this, that makes me flip my wig
Jinner was a lover of mine gang rakes, I bury my boldest, skinny nose
inside his hip blee rear end today
no I would not be a sport home, if I was not the closet of the face
that's why a Jinner and more gay union would make me feel dizzy and gay
everybody follow my thousand balls
Jinner and more gay union would make my sorrel pony ass feel safe
if we had a Jinner and more gay union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped
you asshole!
1118 at 560 WQAM
see the reason I couldn't think of it was Jud Hersh
you wanted to lie?
taxi
Tony Dazza
last name reminds me of Mitchersh
oh, it's a mental block
anyway, there's a movie called Without a Trace
that's a great movie, I mean very depressing and very sad
put that on there, you got it
and what's her name that plays that she's a great actress
that plays the mother of the little kid
well, look it up on her, you got it, you already checked that out
and Jud Hersh is in there
and he plays the cop that eventually eventually finds the kid in the end
by the way up there in New England somewhere in some little town in Connecticut
and he old broad that's got the kids, he reminds me of Bet's mother on passions
by the way, she's not dead
Mrs. Wallace ain't dead
see, I just spoil it for all the passions people
that's okay, they're like a little bit of, they know that anyway
if they killed her off, that would be the end of that show
well, missy!
she's the best, she's absolutely the best
what's the name of the actress?
Barbara Hershey?
no
Barbara Hershey, are you off here right?
somebody said
no, not Barbara Hershey, it's not even close
Yvonne, what, no
Yvonne Eleman?
Yemi?
no, Yemi?
Yemi Yomami?
no
Jenny McShane?
well, what, are you looking for what I'm trying to do?
she's the star of the movie
without a trace
versatile, me?
no
Barbara Billingsley?
Barbara Billingsley played June and Hugh Beaumont is Wally
I mean, he's the dead
and Tony Dow
here's one of the systems, sorry to bother you
it's from Michelle, the answer is
1-800-248507 once you want the number for drug concepts
what?
Kate Delegant elegant
see what's wrong with you, it's a Kate and elegant
man
1-800-248507 once for drug concepts, Michelle
1-800-248507 once, 2-48507 once, got it?
they're great, thanks Michelle for asking
they'll do you a good job
here's one that says
I tear up at the end of movies all the time but some of my favorites are
and this is from Brian Awasian in DC
who says he's listening over the internet
dead poets society
I cried all Robin Williams movies
wanting to why?
because he's in them
because he's in them
oh, well it's so sad
a big daddy
a big pardon?
the epic Sandler movie?
I don't know, I never saw that
I don't like Adam Sandler either
oh you're like anybody
Adam Sandler is a hoot
he's about as funny as having cancer in every toe
thank you
oh thank you
Adam Sandler, I mean see that's another thing that makes me like an old fart
and I'm happy I don't want to be cool I don't want to be hit
I don't want to put on an act
I'm an old fart
okay but down here I'm still like a teenager
but Adam Sandler it's got not a generate
I think Mike Myers is hysterical
he's very funny
of course he is and he's a good dog
but Adam Sandler is not funny
you know what that movie was sad
he's really sad
that movie big daddy
what was it?
it was said that they made it into a movie
it was a glorification of this assholes
abhorrent anti social behavior
you know
homing vading assaulting people
and making him a hero out of it because of it
that's what that movie was
crimson tide
huh?
that's what it says here on this list
okay from Brian and Washington
crimson tide
is that science fiction?
I don't know
put it down there okay?
Elizabeth and a few others
and then he says and gives us a lot of the where Brian's coming from
here's an idea for a poll
your favorite male porn star
see Brian I hate to break the news to you
but other than you we have like maybe four or five fags
listen to the show that's number one
and number two as far as the heterosexual male population
which is the overwhelming majority of this audience
I don't think most straight guys
care about who the guys are in a porn movie
at all
right
good call
huh?
we don't even want them in there
as if we had a favorite
oh no that's right
most guys would prefer there wouldn't be nothing but lesbian scenes
but you know
the guys would be to just gratuitously
for like a little
squirt squirt
or something else
to keep the uh... babes all worked out
and speaking of that Bob the builder says
Debbie does Dallas made me cry
because I had a cast in my hand the time I saw it
he only has one hand
Debbie does down he's not ambidextrous
Debbie does Dallas was a great porn movie
with every family woods
but see now there's a man
you never saw Debbie does that not ever saw
if you don't think you thought
you thought that Brittany was caught okay
bambi woods
ain't far in her behind
okay she's right there
now it's old but I bet you can still find it
I'm sure
Debbie does Dallas
there's a lot of time
I know these
yeah maybe on a real
trying to think of
well some wild the usual cast of mister
in fact they see the problem with a male porn stars
in those straight movies is that
it's the same
eight people
but they're like nasty
prison escapies
with the jailhouse tats
and the greasy hair
no longer go there
there were maybe a couple of guys
that looked human
back when Debbie Ford
Tom Barron decided to become a freak
and wanted to be like
John Holmes Part 2
huh?
I don't remember that
Tom Barron
I don't remember any attractive male
it's not true
not ugly male
not true
not true
big nose hairy reams
not true
uh... hairy reams
was in like one movie
was in deep throat
yeah that's the one I saw
and that wasn't his name
that was just an act
if hairy reams does bambi
well whatever
yes she would
uh...
five six seven
oh five sixty
we're building the list on here
of course the very good put rainman on it
I could vote
I don't want to get pushy
here but and he has no way of knowing that
because you haven't fact in the rest of the list yet
see i'm looking at this way since this is the poll for the weekend
there's no emergency on here
and of course
and our carlis has been after leave early
because he got to go to the bank
and they give him a bunch of pennies
and try to cover that bad check
I mean
and now what time you leave him
by noon
about ten minutes from now
any minute
so this is going to
gonna fall in your arms
oh there he goes
what's a big deal okay
it's a talk for us to cover it
my vote for the status movies are ET
we had bad terms of a German
so that we mentioned without a trace
with Kate and elegant
there's a moo
is there a
some show on tv now
coupled out of trace
yeah that's got nothing to do with that movie
they just call the name
are you seeing that right
yeah
and a little kid disappears
and then they think that the fact
i mean that the worker
whatever he was
the handyman did it
because he was gay
and they found the soil
bloody panties
and he turns out he cut his hand
in the sink or whatever
kind of like oj
you know i haven't seen everybody
they cut their hand in the sink
right
and then coming to find out
that old bag had kidnapped that little kid
and at the end of the movie
she's coming home
with her gross reason
or arm in that dog
i think it was a golden retriever
wasn't that the dog
who played the dog
by the way
look that up chrome
lasty
and lasty was not a golden retriever
ok mister
i know
god
street magnolia is what he say about that
never saw it
and tracian kindel says
the status part is actually
saw these
i never saw it
is that make me a bad guy
no
makes you
lucky
it was good in its time
but
hoki
yes
hoki
hoki that's all it is
hoki
so you know
what's the obsession with hoki
virginia
who played
gildi to abusing boy
uh...
oh yeah we had this story
on this guy before
earlier
a roman catholic priest
played a gildi today
to sexually abusing a 14-year-old boy
in 1982
was given a suspended
a 20-year prison term
suspended a sentence
prince
of George County
circuit judge told the Reverend
John P. Blankenship
that if he misbehaves
during that period
he would impose the entire 20 years
sentence
the maximum allow
for the four
courts
the prosecution said
the crimes took place
between June 82
November 82
when the victim has mother
went to the church of the sacred part
a heart
in prince cow
George County
to do housekeeping chores
the attacks occurred when the boy was left
in black and jim's care
and so he gets a suspended a sentence
how do you like that
what a joke
why were we heard
from the Vatican
that they get one freebie anyway don't they
as long as it's not passionate
here's one that says
I was mistaken about today's survey
never saw my husband
cried during stepmom
and would never admit it
thanks to tracing cam
or tracing candles
just quite up she made
drowning her own tears
like Allison Wunderland
like Allison the palace
five six seven
oh five sixty
see now we're getting this
going a little bit
I like the way we did the
show today by the way
so far
what are you looking at me
I'm just telling it
worked for me as opposed
I mean you like the comedy
bits because then you just
sit back there and bullcrap
with him all the
little hour
and it's like a freebie
out the web
like you want to get paid
for just sitting there on your ass
talking to somebody
yeah could I
like me
twenty seven after eleven
although I think I may be
talking to a few more people
and you're not necessarily
that many lately
hey do you need car insurance
if you got tickets
and pass that next
and you have really bad
credit if you answered yes
to any of these things
call this number one
triple eight five
oh six seventy two eighty
three that's the number
four Florida first
insurance I'll never read a
real cheese sandwich again
by the way
it's very good
but in other words
I got my fix
do you follow the same
no what do you say
no more
no moss
anyway Florida first
insurance has got the
current insurance policy
plan for everybody
regardless of your
past record
they've got low down payments
can get you the currency
you need for as little
35 bucks a month
so call them now one
triple eight five
oh six seventy two eighty
three I would have sworn
I saw PD Lenny stick
his head in there
and you didn't slam the door
fast enough Carlos
idiot
Florida first insurance
offers free quotes
as family owned
and operated with the years
of experience you deserve
the current insurance you need
so call them now one
triple eight five
oh six seventy two eighty
three if you need home
life health or commercial
insurance
Florida first insurance
will get you covered
and don't forget right now
is a special promotion stop
by any Florida first insurance
location get you a quote
and get two free
casino cruise passes
compliments of Las Vegas
style marketing a $60
value absolutely free
so call one triple eight
five oh six seventy two
eighty three
get a current insurance
quote from Florida first
insurance and get two
free casino cruise passes
don't forget the matter
what your car history record
is called one
triple eight five oh six
seventy two eighty three
that's one triple eight
five oh six seventy two eighty
three four Florida first
insurance for all your
insurance needs
life life
in the law
we're sports
radio five six
two
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
eight
back in the day when someone
done as wrong
we didn't take their cry
in Pearl Harbor
or when the jobs drop their
bonds
we found them back
and now the Saudis
they hit us hard
and on our cards
our little flags wave
as that Saudi
loving
retired voice of
bombers
the wrong way
yeah
and of embarrass
to be in Americans
where they follow
who's like she's
the United States
of Americans
and by push and its family
we make our country
up
and the length of the largest
days in our history
I don't want to be
a tax America
in the goddamn USA
what's a few thousand
innocent lives
stop living in the past
if you want that SUV
to drive
you're gonna need more
gas
it's the greatest country
in the world
they train us to believe
and anyone who says that
obviously
ends up for to be
and of embarrass
to be in America
are you where we take
three of them
leave
wave a flag in what
has
with our hand in the sand
and lightly follow
the powers that
be
apathetic
up
washing
state
from news on a 65-inch
screen
scratch your balls
and find
everything's
okay
in the goddamn USA
got the majority
later in a distinguished
senator like
senator fine gold
peep
26th
till noon
I just that's as much as
I can take
I'd have the president
as a guest on our show
a couple of minutes
a couple of seconds
how about the champ
with rich rotor
and I was telling Jeff Cohen
as much as
of course he don't care
but I actually saw rich
rotor on some
word I was channel
surf in the other day
in fact maybe it was
yesterday
I don't know what it was
in a show, a movie
or what
and he actually looked
almost human
rich rotor
just turned 62
but it looked too bad
because in the past
I always found him
extraordinarily anxious
and unsettled wasn't he
in that movie
with the Brad Pitt
yes
he played his brother
the other side of the
tracks or whatever that movie
was that set
with that name of the movie
something like that
other side of the tracks
how do you like that
then their tracks
now when we go back
to the pool the other day
about the hottest person
and who I'm going to tell you
Brad Pitt in that movie
see in that movie
that's a long time ago
you just like the
underwear scene
yeah
of course
listen if it would have been
like a fat rich
in his underwriter
I think I would enjoy it
a lot of people
that could have been people
in their underwear
that's not the point
in their fruit of the loom
anyway we're doing
your favorite
how are we wording it
what's your favorite
movie that made Ben cry
but they wanted to admit it
that's a very good way
of wording
who did that did you do that
or Eric
Carlos
Carlos said he done it
Eric says on the other hand
ordinary people
did we already do that
with Mary Tyler Moore
that one
yeah
I don't know I didn't see it
I cried that I spent money
to go watch it
you know what I'm saying
you're a good movie
you spent money
with Mary Tyler's more
holy crap man
you're like not too sharply
since all the pressures
are getting to you
you know what I'm saying
you asshole
god what a waste
of a budget
that not be proud
with Robbie Benson
huh
speaking of people
I used to look really, really good
what was that movie one on one
where you play the basketball player
I guess that one
we told the coach
to stick it up his ass
with the red hot poker
I'm like that
that not be proud
Robbie Benson
had a heart attack
he's still Jewish
he's still circumcised
he still looks the same
he's like 71 now
still looks the same
he has a wife he knows
hey I'm was there ever
did anybody ever accuse him
of being
he was never faggy
he was just cutesy
I mean almost to the point
cutesy of being
like annoying
you know what I mean
yeah
he married the chick
from the meatloaf video
yeah
you know the one
in the white tank top
or
and nothing
and mentioning
here's somebody
we got several for Tom Hanks movies
which I'm my stomach
is churning now
it's either from the
grilled cheese sandwiches
or from some
or both
Tom Hanks in Philadelphia
where he played the AIDS patient
didn't see it
this is after Tom Hanks
started to take himself
seriously
which nobody else in the world
really does
and also we had one for
forest dump
we had two votes for that
put it down
don't give me like a look
like that because life is
like a box of
smith
is that what those billboards
say life is like a bunch
or smith
Tom Hanks in Philadelphia
and also
forest dump
he started taking himself
serious
I'll say it again
who is with
who is the abroad
who is in that movie
the
in forest dump
not in forest dump
in a bathtub
movie they were made
what that was her name
Darrell Hanna
Darrell Hanna
and I'm asking what was her name
I'm embarrassed about that
I know my Darrell Hanna
I know her
Hanna and Barbara too
Darrell Hanna
Tom Hanks
that was his speed
that was right up his
he was just fine right there
you know
big
big where he plays
the little kid
didn't see that
that's right
he played the little kid
who was like old
or swap bodies
or something
yeah the little kid
he wished that he was
big so he turned into
a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll
with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a
a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll
with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a
doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with
a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll
with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a
doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with
a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll
with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a
doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with
a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll
with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a
doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with
a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll
with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a
a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll
with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a
doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with
a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll
with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a
a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll with a doll
I think we do know is that Geldie has got a much larger penis than Brian Craig because the sports people around here have to shower together at the end of the day every day.
Do you have seen Geldies too? No, only Brian's. I checked with everybody else around here. They went like this.
They went like this. Arms extended wide. Here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
How are you guys doing? Okay. Good. I got two of the off time movies. I would consider definitely God for climate movies.
Okay. Oh yeah. What's the other one? I don't know. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back.
He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He
He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back. He'll call back.
who is in there with a mail carrier is a little bit agitated by the helicopters. Do you
think that the police might ask the TV choppers to back off?
I tell you what, they better because they look how close they are. The picture you can
even see his armpits before the person is obviously made threats against the helicopter.
But I can see that happening. Definitely. Or at least asking us to stand back.
All new people expecting your social security checks in that one area, by the way.
Good luck to you. Is the police helicopter in relation to the view? They take a little
more liberties with altitude. They take a lot more liberties. I think I might be able to
get a shot of it here. You know something Steve Wolford is like a real
newsman. I want to say that over there. Channel 4 where they don't have too many
news people. They really, but Steve Wolford I like a lot. And who's the other one
that brought it on there? I can never think of a name in not Angel Array. That's
not what Steve Wolford on Channel 4 news. You told me the other day. You would just
tell me the other day who it was. I forgot. Damn it. She's good. Okay. Can you give us an
idea? Where is that? Her name is not Elliot Rodriguez. Make so many turns and
twists and moves. Where are we? Southbound a 22nd Avenue coming up on the Palm
Meadow. Oh, coming up in the Palm Meadow. There are 22nd Avenue. I hope that when
these male trucks go out. And as we said, the police ground units have ended
their part of the chase. So we understand that there are no longer police on the
ground chasing this male truck. Pull it over you idiot. You asshole. We believe
a hostage situation, a male carrier and find that truck driving the truck and
another person in there possibly holding that person hostage. Maybe he found
his check from Edmund Mann and it came up to find out there was already a dead
line two days ago. The police helicopter continues to follow this truck as it
makes its way Southbound 22nd Avenue. As you said, Tony, approach to the
Palm Meadow. Are they still ahead of the truck? Oh, there's pressure on. Just went
underneath the Palm Meadow. Are the police still ahead of the truck trying to
hold off traffic? No, they are hanging way back. They're about maybe
eight and a half miles back. They are still following the truck. We got a male
truck chasing South-aid. Right up on it like they were before. Is this in
South-aid? How can it be in South-aid? No, it's in North like I said. If the person
in that male truck got away to the truck, maybe wants to go see a bus.
We can get on the Palm Meadow. A cell phone or something like that other than just
yelling out the window which that person has apparently done a couple of times.
Yeah, all the threats have been made at people standing around. You saw earlier,
you saw almost a stop but there's a group of people. Apparently they have
been pulling in the left hand lane now. The threat he's just made for the police.
There's a stoplight and going to stop. I don't think we know anything.
I decided to go back at the right hand lane. I believe that was the first time we
seen him actually. There's a group of people on the other side.
You see some kids running. I don't know what's...
They jumped out of the truck. I don't know if there's been a shot fired or anything.
Maybe he was being held hostage, you think? Yeah. What street is this on?
He's still on the bus. He's still on the bus.
He's still on the bus. He's still on the bus. He's still on the bus.
I think you're wrong. I think the kid was behind the fence. Do you think the kid jumped
over the fence? No. They were looking.
They were goose-nakers. You could almost make out the croak file of somebody
leaning over some of those... The guy rode in the back of the van.
The male containers. Yeah, suppose this guys aren't walking in.
They were on a residential area. I was just going to say that.
They were going to start it off in a neighborhood
went to one of the main highways.
Not coming to a stop here. I can't remember what's in the back of the restaurant.
Park on the other side of that truck. Stopping.
The truck stopped. Maybe he's going to re-deliver the mail there.
I'll be like, for a second though, as he puts up speed and this has been as we've been following.
It has been a low-speed chase. Now wait a minute.
He's stopping to pop this on dude. What else that all about?
He's having a conversation. He's coming back.
My mind and local.
I hear sports radio 560.
You ain't. You ain't.
Why the hell you bastard?
No startles hiding. A lot more than guns.
They say they're weapons.
A vast destruction.
I say they say a couple megatons.
Bound me around.
In the Gulf War, let him off the world.
I think it's time to give his butter wool.
So it's time to load those B-wons up on their own.
You are here on.
Till there's nothing left to see.
I'm here on.
Till Saturday 6 feet deep.
I'm here on.
Blow up the creed.
Blow up the creed.
And they say he's got some guns.
And he ever goes to heaven.
And he's not lovin' up all scars.
If we land the creed.
We've blown him up.
I'm on.
I'm on.
I'm here on.
I'm here on.
I'm here on.
I'm here on.
I'm on.
I'm here on.
I'm here on.
I'm here on.
Okay, here's a very emotional fact.
By the way, to pull this up, what's your favorite movie that made men cry?
But wanted to be a Bryan Song 18.
I was gonna appropriate on a sports station like QAM.
It would be a sports movie.
I know I wasn't very good movie, by the way.
And who's in that?
James Cahn.
James Cahn.
Very good.
And who played G.L. Sears?
I forgot.
I don't remember either.
And who played Bryan Piccolo?
I don't remember.
That was a, what's his name?
James Cahn.
Good movie, Bryan Song 18.
I'm a man who never cries in movies 17.
Okay, we have to take your word.
I mean, you know, if you want to be much old man,
if you want to put on a good act for us,
you've never ever cried in a movie,
ever brought a tear to your eye.
Have you got a little choked up?
A little gale?
Huh?
You buy it?
Boca Bryan recommended one.
So I wrote it down.
Okay.
The amazing colossal man.
His own son had to pull the switch.
Pull wasn't a tragic.
The switch that turned him off.
That turned his life off.
But that sounds like guiding light.
Like Riva and what's his name?
Richard.
Well, that's right.
You don't watch that either.
And neither do I anymore.
Shindler's list 10, ET10, all the LR9.
Oh, gee, we don't have to put all the LR down.
It's a wonderful life five.
Makes me want to put James Stewart down,
but I guess it's too late.
Feel the dreams for Rudy Ford,
dead, uh, poet society for,
Shawshank for, Rainman for.
Well, I feel good about that.
Rainman's got four.
That was my vote.
My dog's skip three.
How about my dog, Tiny?
Oh, I'm sorry.
See, I'm not going to sound insensitive because maybe,
I mean, you know, just that time, Tiny.
Mask three.
Love story, a pair.
I'm a woman who never cries in movies too.
Wow.
Philly D Williams.
Played the Gale Sergat.
Thank you.
I've done say the other guy, Gale Sergat.
Where do I know?
Walter Peyton.
The only reason I know Brian,
Jim McLeod, man,
who used to live right by his park.
Brian Piccolo Park?
Uh, did I say love story, a pair?
Well, all these others either have two or one.
Fatsos got one.
And I don't get it.
I don't understand why.
I mean, I, I guess,
if you're as fat and frustrated as he was, you know,
didn't it have a happy ending though all together?
Yeah, I sure he got married and they had all of those kids.
And it showed pictures.
He was slimmer.
He was fatter.
But in the meantime, life went on, you know,
you wake the youngy.
Yeah, that was the problem.
He was great.
Any pull we take on under,
that would be a good pull underrated actors or actresses
and bankrupt.
Right.
She's just great.
And young people, that she wrote that?
No, he told me that before.
I think directed it.
I'm not sure, but she at least wrote that.
She's great.
She is great.
Mary Demelle Brooks.
Right.
So can you, can you, how do you like to be a flyman in that house?
But I don't know.
Like that.
Even worse than Boka Brian's house.
Well, here's the facts from Harris Kay and Coral Springs who says,
for all you peacen eggs who don't believe Al-Qaeda and Saddam
are in bed together.
I probably the same ones who think the mob has nothing to do with gambling.
Right.
It's an amp.
It's an amp.
Saddam has brainwashed all your many minds
in making him look like some kind of a saint.
Have we ever said he's a saint?
No.
No.
Have we ever said we want to keep him
alive?
No.
Have we ever said he's anything but a scumbag
and a murdering and a piece of crap?
No.
Anyway.
And if all you would stop bitching for just a minute and use your weak minds
and realize the world without American interference
would consist of North Korea attacking South Korea in Japan,
China taking over Taiwan,
Indian Pakistan going nuclear.
Oh, Indian Pakistan going nuclear.
I thought they'd go on nuclear.
I thought they'd go on nuclear.
Iraq blitzing through the Middle East, etc.
We should have.
And as far as Iraq blitzing through the Middle East,
I hate to break the news to you,
but Israel has these things called nuclear weapons.
We say haven't used so far.
Thus far.
As yet.
As Moa was saying one,
I'd say there have been any complaints
by the University of Miami as yet.
We should all get on our knees and pray
that every day that France does not ever replace the USA
as a world superpower
for the world would turn to crap.
Crap is what he's trying to say.
Have we defended France on this program today?
No.
Oh, that's right.
I'm doing this fast.
It makes sense.
He's not getting close.
I'm just wondering what the conversation is.
You think I just can't help it?
Wonder.
So this mailman is being hijacked,
which is what I thought.
That was my first and there were shots fired.
He's got somebody with a gun.
And I always stopped at some residence there in Opalaka.
And he's talking to some lady who's standing
by the fence in Chattanoon.
Everybody stops talking to him.
Maybe he wants to.
Maybe he wants a grilled cheese sandwich.
I don't know.
Maybe he heard the show and he got the Jones of her grilled cheese.
And talk to someone in one of those police units.
Yeah, earlier.
Yeah.
Tony, give us an idea.
And the best part of his, he stopped to make
a couple of mails.
We'll be right along the way.
Still around the area of 27th Avenue
in about 150 first.
They just keep going in circles.
Let's go over there.
I don't know.
Here's all that.
Not for street.
Not sure the Avenue bottom.
Yeah, audience out there.
Listen, don't be zipping over in that area
so it can like rubber neck.
OK, this is like we don't know the guy.
The mail guy, the letter carrier inside the vehicle,
is obviously his life is in jeopardy.
Got an armed wacko in the thing.
And he's been hijacked.
What, you know, he's been mail jacked.
But the situation is with the police units there
that are in pursuit.
They're way off now.
They, they are in the area.
They're probably setting up grids
or trying to figure out where this person is.
He's a grits.
And they strip down or something to that.
In fact, they're definitely keeping an eye on the unit.
They just made a U-way there.
There's some more buddies.
I know some more guys on the corner.
Like, I'm telling you what.
Yeah, if I was in my get-
Yeah, they're getting out of the real fast.
Those kids are getting out of their real pronto.
Anyway, so anyway, and it goes on to say,
it's only a matter of time before the world will thank America
for pursuing freedom all over the world.
Right.
Okay, whatever you say, sir,
just keep twisting our words
and keep manipulating back again and again.
So that's pretty soon we can take over the whole world.
We can have like the British Empire.
That worked out real well.
Everybody can be free.
Like we are here.
Right, like the beast.
Though the beast just came in to get weighed.
All right, let's do the break.
And after the break, we'll have the exciting news
of just how much more weight the beast has lost.
I don't want to put any pressure on him,
but it better be a real significant amount.
It better be a real good amount
or might lose the account.
Okay.
Follow him, Sam.
It better be a big fat amount
or you're going to blow the account.
And you know what they're going to say to him?
If he hasn't lost a lot more weight,
at least at least five pounds.
I don't want to put too much pressure.
At least five pounds since last week,
they're going to say,
you asshole.
10 past noon at 560 WQM.
It's big enough food.
Close your ears, beast.
Don't listen to his.
Flores is really, really good.
Good thing he wasn't here that Tuesday when
he brought us the food here in the studio.
It was sensational.
He brought us back to those old and days at IOD
when we used to be on the 79th Street Causeway.
We're going to even his head loss some weight.
He looks down right.
Well, not right fat.
He does.
But not his head isn't as fat as it was last.
We've been out stuck in the door.
Oh, he grew some hair.
Grusom is the obvious word.
Anyway, freshly made pizza dough
and fresh baked garlic rolls at Flores
that they can write through every day.
I write on the spot.
The portions are gigantic
and they use more cheese and meats
on their pies than anybody in town.
Boy, you think that George's got cheese.
George and Miguel thought the food was great too
and especially when they like the price.
You'll be fighting for that last slice of pizza
if it's from, if it's from Flores.
But don't take my word for it.
Find out for yourself.
Go to 731 Northe 79th Street.
Just off the scale.
Boulder barter called Flores at 305 758 53 51
and get all your stuff delivered.
They'll deliver from 34th in the scale.
All the way to 135th in the scale.
They'll go to Quasad, Cricket Club.
The Jockey Club even as far as West's 12th Avenue.
We used to call them the 71st.
Call them if you're nice little jute.
You'll tell you about the great pizza specials.
Like 1399 for large cheese.
Pile later was sold on six delicious chicken wings.
Call Flores now 305 758 53 51.
And be sure to tell them that Neil and old PD Lenny
sent you by.
My and locals.
This is Fort Real 560.
I am to get it on.
You know.
Do you know?
Do you know?
Do you know?
Do you know?
I am mohar with the day I regret it.
And I mentioned all of my old face on
who with red is purple.
They I don't know why they hate me.
Oh, why they always rape me?
It must be because that's where.
But when red is purple.
They on my arm like a rimic.
Now we map a lot.
A lot.
I got beans on my nose.
Nobody knows that under my clothes.
I wear pinty hos.
But that don't mean that I'm gay. If you think my arms are bad you ought to see my legs
I might as well keep on smoothing shade to show a little glazed the next time I'm raping it
I can vote to a surgeon but that gives me the shivers. I wouldn't want to walk out looking like Joan Rivers
Where am I? I'm Ryan the beast the fat little freak. I did him a favor now again afford any
The reason I dismissed that snake and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conest
I saw the dog over there nobody talks when I ran. I ran ten you talk
Like look at me I'm hit I ain't no square. I'm a thing done daddy man. I'm really dead
I buy her any what I want I don't care but believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair
I got fired myself it even happens to the grapes. Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs
So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets
With my paladin cocktail placing bits on the ginseng paradise paradise I don't just nobody says it
I
Be sure to get to when I get the chance that the cleaners aren't ready with my line green pants. How long does that take?
Killed the coin complaint and we just a little thoughts. So what I love this thing
I think that's funny one another sandwich buddy. I can do what I want because the management loves me
Know but along his time I wanted you to be my
Oh, you wipe my tight bow now. I'm straight. Oh
Who you don't take no for an answer
You
Prove 17 at 560 WQM here's the fact that says bang the drum slowly deniro Yankee catcher
Bang the drum slowly right it down fast lead George George is right about because Carlis is on the way to the bank
To say long he's just did us and they're gonna say no and he's on his way slowly
Probably well, he's got a little difficult to getting his act together
You know he's good guy, but he means well, but uh one of the best movies for a men to guys decry as soldiers of soldier of orange from Holland your favorite place
Rochka Howard's first movie
Remember that nope soldier of orange I don't even remember agent orange
Remember clockwork orange what somebody voted for that by the way as a tear-jerk yeah, I don't understand why I don't you cram well
They hit it. It's in my pile here. There's eight million faxes god
young Frankenstein
G. W help me with these bags MF yes, you take the blonde. I'll take them on with the turban
Lacing saddle history of the world and young Frankenstein
Teen Wilder you help me with these bags. Yeah, Marty Feldman says you take the blonde. I'll take them on with the turban
Right and I cried
I don't know no nice I didn't write this I'm just reading them okay. Don't look at me like that. What's the matter with you? You asshole
Here's one that says a movie that makes men cry bridges of Madison County
This is because we fought out their Clint's movie career was over don't put that down. That's a little
Yeah, somebody forgot to tell him no by the way
So you think he'll ever get his voice back?
Hey Neil couple for you. They've seen with Denzel
Roots and color purple oh why oh
Glory the scene with Denzel glory
I was in all right movie
But oh yeah, you're joking you want to go on?
I share a book glory on here. I don't know. I didn't see it. How to hold roots
Now the color purple purple wasn't that with what's your name? Yes, it was your favorite. Oh no
If you're gonna tell me they're gonna put down when it started Oprah. I'm gonna puke
Well put it down color purple starring Oprah
Chintel is this we got
Okay, there you go. Thank you T.R. I just a thousand factors here man. They're pouring. They were a little slow to catch on today
But once they did and of course I'll tell you why why because we guess what's leading the poll results so far thus far
As of now Brian's own no
What's your favorite movie that made man cry but wanted a minute? I'm a man who never cries the movies 21 as leading
We got the real mom who says we don't got the macho man on his show, huh? Who says that?
Well, we know who says that
Brian's song 20 and affect our back guarantee if you asked a mag dog he did admit. I've heard him talk about it
That he gets goosey and uh, wept up and there've been movies. He's shit a tear or two
Almost as much as when he sees Michigan get their ass beat
Oh, Shindler's list 15 that say Brian's song 20 old yellow or 13
Feel the dreams 11 ET 10
Shaw shank red option eight no Jason. I still where did Jason go by the way?
Where'd he ever go when he left here somewhere? We don't know
He's a professional photographer now at T rooms around America
Taking snapshots of every letter of the alphabet
Do you ever do an eye?
Uh, it's a wonderful life seven
Rudy six love story five
Rain man and dead poets aside each half up and after that it's only five stuff saving prior
With prior woman who never cries the movies only two
See I can't I cannot even imagine a woman who never would cry unless they just haven't seen many movies, you know
Or maybe the really hard bitten like Janet
Who's Janet Reno oh?
She got bitten
Hard to gene the biting machine
Here's Brian who says please include unnamed heart with christian slater George cried when he saw that because when he saw who was in it and realized he had paid for the ticket
Untamed heart never heard of it with christian slater George for some reason George just hates
christian slater he just despises him
Is there any special reason is it just like in general principle?
It could be that he only plays one character which is a poorer imitation of jack Nicholson
Is that what it is? Yeah, because I don't hate Kurt Russell. It's just that he reminds me of
Disney all the time
Also be on lookout for the trading of the longo Huzelius Herm and any other player with a future league
Yeah, that's right by March 15th
Poor Brian you're right
So what was that uh, christian slater movies was right down
Uh, christian huzelius untamed heart
Uh untamed heart
He used to look pretty good without christian slater for about half an hour
I never saw him then but that's a rumor city of angels pride in the anchors
We got the luguri story city of angels we got that I have no idea what that is
Well write him down then you're now how are we gonna do this because carls ain't coming back
You're gonna handle this you're gonna fax this to Eric gonna fax this to Eric and hopefully we uh, you know won't do
He'll handle 100 pages he can handle it with his broad shoulders that Eric
That ojohn provocateur in Orlando
That 600 pound giant that four thousand pound gorillas the mad dog would say
Okay, how about war with a kid from homelone
McColley cullkin is sulkin what
Wasn't it homicolley cullkin homelone? Yeah war war is that the name of the movie?
Well, don't look at me am I gonna go see a movie with McColley cullkin in it? Maybe I don't think so
I'd rather stay home is sulkin than see McColley cullkin
You nuts
Braveheart
Wasn't that no Gibson? Yeah, well put it down. Then we already have that we are what what we have one more
That a different one war movie. I say play it forward
Or play it backward. What are you saying depressing?
Warbit who was in that Kevin spacey?
Is Kevin yes, he is
Everybody else thinks he is in fact every now and then he like blurt it out here
I am and then like a week later now. I was just kidding. He's just not gay
How about a pull on how many men your women in the audience have had sex with or vice versa?
How do you device verse on our pull our pull techniques are kind of limited
Virgin one to three
Am we already done that
Or some virgin some virgin thereof some virgin well something to keep in mind for a far future date. Okay. Thank you
Man, I think we find a cut up and you know what pisses off the people on the phone is that we get all these
Faxes and I get bogged down in the faxes and make these poor people wait look at here's somebody's been waiting for like
29 minutes and they ought to be really pissed off at me fort Lauderdale. Hello
Neil are you pissed off at me? No sir. Never you ought to be I got three things for you made you wait for a half hour to be
Dollos crappy and by the way the mail truck guys still going around and around go ahead
Good friend
Uh, snake report first of all he's got three major markets and he's being dropped in Orlando. Yeah, so
I guess for all those guys, you think snips the best things since
So right yeah, but uh and for the poll with honors with Joe pesci with honors and
Shameless request. How about good how about good fellows when Joe pesci gets
Made made
Joe pesci's something street
Okay, you got it. Thank you sir.
Neck interesting the way he worked that all in there movie with Joe pesci then a Joe pesci request and
So I do like to see in good fellows though where
Uh, what's his name? Robert De Niro saying them
What's his name's wife? I see how there's so many people in that really old is white really old is why it's the zits
Father me we're talking about James Woods yesterday. He James Woods is a piker compared to Ray Leota
He's got zits that are as big as the craters on the moon
and
Robert De Niro says yeah, he got some nice coats in here some nice tricks right over here no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no I'm right down there
you know
I don't think so I'll see you later I'll see you later
That would be such a great movie for that really old en narration. They made such a bad mistake
And of course a lot of people tell you it's a great movie it's a good movie, but a good fellows
But it could be a great fellas, you know?
Don't you agree that they it's irritating and annoying. I mean when it comes on TV
I do I do watch it again because I like that scene with Joe Peschew
You know that like that and I think I'm all combine and of course you got to start laughing
I like when they're slicing the garlic with the razor blade really thin so that it
The drug scene of course because where he's like cooking and drugging and drugging and cooking because that's your drug thing again
You know, I'm talking about the cooking in the prison
That didn't have anything to do with their drugs. I thought you were talking about when he was cooking in the kitchen prison cooking
That's right. They were they had to read. Oh, yeah, what's his name?
Broly right? Paulie Paulie. He ran it out poor Paulie got a slice this garlic
Yeah, Paulie was happy there in the end wasn't melts when it hits the olive oil now now
Maybe this male truck maybe he's looking for the house that really old and is looking for something
What do you mean by that he makes us stop every time I understand every time they see people on the side of the street
But what is this dude talking that the the
Kidnap or the hijack everyone they see a gangster on the side of the street. They stop and talk to him
Yeah, and what are they talking about the weather?
I got out of any good social security. Maybe any talk about snow. That's kind of like the weather snow
So anyway the possible hostage situation it says in channel four fuck with her and you saw earlier at least two guns
Well, this is a male
Male a male lady because he said we heard
It's a male lady truck real in a female male man
And it just keeps nothing happened yet. We'll advise they keep going around and around and around
Opalaka round and that's in channel four is like got the cameras there and they're going around
27 past noon at five sixty. Let me head you to go around to Boka
That's right. See Boka Brian stop off and say how to mow pull on his hair piece and stop by it to lights the West Boka
All your people on the Atkins Dine out there. They got over 600 delicious low-carb food products to keep you on the street and narrowing
Pat and you'll be in Stack Heaven when you try the new
Sinfully low-carb loaf a delicious new bread with just three grams of the adjustable carbs per slice and delicious taste of whole wheat bread
Maybe you saw Dr. Mackins last night on
Donahue huh you see him I didn't and the more and more people are starting to finally come around and myth that
Atkins is the way to go. What was he doing now?
Is he also on the floor now?
Yeah
What inspired I'm telling you I must be a panic there a must have been something happened in there. It was me
It was yeah, it wasn't that loaf is that what did it?
The low-carb it smells like he dropped the loaf right in there
I between the two of you man. I haven't seen this much red since the communist left town
Didn't they anyway do the smart thing and head for the lights of
But a bokeh your number one low-carb sugar free store in the world you'll find them on the northeast corner of glaze in
441 as to Boston market or call 1877 low-carb online
lowcarb.com don't forget there's only one delights of west bokeh your official atkins retail center. It's a hoot
You know the calls the ones that always come in at dinner time
They show up on your caller ID box as private unavailable or anonymous
Well now you can block those calls before they come in
Here's how it works a solicitor dials your number and before your phone even has a chance to ring
The call gets forwarded to us at mobbell
Hey, climate lily timeland you lose this number, okay? You go back again
I will personally break every bone in your fricking body
At mobbell our operators have been trained in the art of communication
So while you're having a peaceful meal after a long day
We're working hard behind the scenes handing out threats like Halloween candy
I'd like to take a moment of your time to tell you about a great offer
One more word out of you billy gelman a 14 king street in San Francisco
Your little poor focus will go boom when you're trying to kill right intimidation through death threats physical violence and bodily harm mobbell
So only the calls you want get through
1233-560 w. You come. We got the mad dog standing right here one
He'll tighten any cries at movies I guarantee is not one of those guys. It's got to prove his masculinity
Just because he used to be a tight end
Derrickses I tried calling you this morning to give you this information
But oh after over 45 minutes on hold I finally reached my destination and hang up. Sorry Derrick
Do you get kicked back from the mobile phone industry? We only wish anyway? You and George were talking about Debbie does Dallas this morning
I know you have a little dish. I got a little one
So I'll let you know that last Saturday night they played it in its entirety sends the so-called money shot
Squirt squirt. I want to cost the last 15 minutes or so, but you're right about that bambi chick wow bambi woods pretty good
Also another movie I want to recommend for your list would be John Q
for a list
That's the denzel watch the movie where a son has a bad heart didn't see it
But I'm sure would have cried a fight assuming John
And didn't cry, but I well listen see again the pull isn't what movie did you cry? I understand everybody
What's your favorite movie that's made men cry, but they won't admit it not necessarily you cry
We cry we all cry we scream for ice cream
Yeah, I think I'm gonna forget about the um
Milk the forget about it
Smirchie sandwich no the grilled cheese sandwich died
Then the hot-fudge sunday sound diets sounds better. Smores
Not smores
Maybe I'll just wait for Nestle's turtle again you asshole. Okay
Says that with such emotion. I'll tell you if you would do the whole show with that much emotion you might make a three-share but
Might being the operative term. Oh, there's a show on tonight beyond with James van Prague where
Juliet Mills who plays Tabithon passion. She's great. We'll try to contact Josh Evans who played Timmy from beyond the grave
This is not a passion story have seen the promos. This is really a guy who thinks like Jonathan Edward
Communicate with the dead. Let's see what Timmy has to say and what's up with both of those guys Jonathan Edward and that James van
Prague being such list be win-see mincing queen. What are you trying to say huh?
They seem a little gait in me as well. Is that what you trying to say?
I know what Timmy is gonna say. I'm dying over here. That's what Timmy is gonna say tonight
They make special mention of him in that pen and teller thing that show. Oh, you see it. I forgot about that. I forgot
Oh, but it's gonna be on some more apparently there go it's a series and they're going to out other things other scams
Really? Yeah good long overdue
And they say every word in the book by the way as they're doing it. It's great
Here's the fact that says Shane come back Shane
You said that before the show. I did say because there's a lady coincidentally that just called it once to talk about Shane
Is he on a grand and she's on the now she's the lady. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello
Shane come back Shane
That my husband named our son Brandon because of that is an idiot. I need you. I need you
Come back Shane. He cries every time. Yeah, I never saw that movie that was Alan lad
And
Brandon the world that yeah, but that was Brandon the world was like a little boy in that movie right?
I really couldn't care about him
But when he was an all fall down with um Carl Maldon and with Warren Beatty then he became very interesting
Brandon the world and then he died
And have a great day. It's good for your church. Okay. Thanks. All right. Yeah
Well, what would you what were you so excited about that you want that's because that's what you wanted to say with Shane
Come back Shane. I didn't see the movie. So what do I say to the box?
It was a little bit disconcerting that Brandon the world ahead that scar on his face
Kind of like Aaron Gabie the hockey player he had a scar on his face
Which I guess the Lord works in mysterious ways. You just want to prove that nobody can be perfect
You know the hostages a female man. It's confirmed a female man. Yes. Okay. Oh, and by the way
They're still going round and running like curry come on just started to heat up now within the past few minutes for the past
40 minutes now what's going to happen when they run out of gas basically hung back
Fearing the safety of the male carrier, but as you can see now the police are right on top of that truck Tony go ahead
There they are definitely
We're there there boy there when it goes
This will win soon I believe there
I also receive word that they have
snipers as well ready to
Ah
Sniper's are standing by can really mess with him, huh?
Here's the fact that says I'd like to put my two cents in what about Jerry McGuire with Tom Cruise
Don't look at me. I didn't see no Jerry. I didn't see it. I didn't think it was that kind of a right it down
right
What kind of a movie?
It's enough to make me cry also. He says PS tell George the shipment came in
Who's that from a friend of yours? Which one?
How do I know who to call
Here's one that says the movie version of flowers for Algonon of course I never know what I read the book
Uh the book and the movie are both here
Cliff Robertson oh
What about that very sad movie he was in where he played the return to guy Charlie that's flowers for Algonon
Is that the name of the name of the movie yes
I never knew that I thought the movie was called Charlie
Are you sure?
Well, you sure movie version of the book is called but I thought
Okay, put down flowers for Algonon and maybe in parentheses, uh, Eric will know he'll look it up
Won't you Eric won't you look it up? No, maybe uh, because we would have Carlos though
But he's busy trying to rob a bank so we can cover the check that he wrote to uh clearance
I'll tell you we got such high finance going on here among all these uh, Macy Pippets
We got runner-round with their $14 checks got his clearance charge usery
I
Anyway, we got 24 people to sell a man who never cries at the movies
25 for Brian's song just went in the first place Shindler's list 18 or the LR 14
Oh lassie come home girl a fielder and the best part about lassies that lassie never was a girl
Right, I think one of them out of like the 20
Uh, field dreams 11 18 10 Charche en Grimson 8 wonderful live 7 Rudy 7 love story 7 with Ali McGraw
Ray Meland and Ryan O'Neal
saving private Ryan
Five dead poets society five my dogs skip five rain man five and everybody else is way down
Now let's look at the ones that have none out of a 199 votes ordinary people are the side of the tracks
Are the side of the tracks
You mentioned it
I didn't say to put it on the floor. I was just talking about that. It was the movie Brad Pitt was in with the
Ricky Schroeder. Well Eric heard you say it and stuck it on there Eric didn't hear me say it
Cardobey Blamin Eric's just because Carl's like Carlos heard you say it and stuck it on there blame Carlos
What did that heard you say it and I don't want that. Well, what was so sad about that? I don't know
Fact that you know Brad Pitt didn't take off all his clothes, I guess
But then eventually we saw one way or another
Amestod none death be not proud none my left foot none crimson tied none and driving Miss Daisy
I don't remember ever saying anything about driving Miss Daisy view where that come from I don't know where now did that come from
Driving Miss Daisy maybe Morgan Freeman called it in oh
God, it's a good thing we're checking these you know the ones that have no votes because I think we're getting some ringers on there
20 to 1 at 560 WQ a mad dog coming along at one o'clock to give you all did low down on the big NHL all-star game coming
No Sunday
Gonna read the list of names in the paper. Tell you about that sandwich Ozilans that the panthers traded away for a couple of real
Jury them in players there Lance Ward and sandwich Ozilans
For a couple of guys that nobody ever heard of before including palvel trinca. Hey, by the way potpan Denise you idiot
It's not trinca. It's why you bother, you know when you deal with a dumb frog
God, he's just frightening that Denise potpan
Anyway, here's a deal if you want to forget about all your problems. You need good night's sleep
Howdy get one with a good mattress. You'll sleep like a baby on a mattress from dollar mattress
The top names in the world they got C. Lee's sir to Simmons King Corlan every size and style and the best part of the deal is all the way around
You beat those betting and department stores upside down and sideways for example when it comes to guarantees
You've got 30 days to try it out in your home with the best comfort exchange policy in the world instead of having to sleep on at mattress
30 to 60 days before you can even exchange it and then when you do exchange with the other places if you have to
They'll charge you for restock redelivering you pay full retail price on exchanges not a dollar mattress
For real comfort and no hidden charges no extra fees call 1 800 mattress now
You got the 30-day comfort exchange period no hassles at all
You got it to a month to make sure it's the right mattress for you in your back
If you'd like to shop online check them out at mattress.com
It's the website for dollar mattress and don't forget about their unbeatable delivery any day
Seven days a week and whatever to our period that's convenient for you and actually show up on time
So call right now get ready your lumpy gold worn out mattress and start getting a great night sleep
It'll make a hell of a difference in the way you feel every day
Call dial a mattress toll free and be sure and tell them that fat old meal and the original fat boy totally to call
1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES
neon
I remember all those happy days those sunny days of just three years ago
All my stocks just skip on rising and I kept on fantasizing
Then long came number 43 just like that my stocks began to slide
I don't like to throw no blame around but it looks like Georgie took me for right
haha
Can you make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes
Join your friends and neighbors
Hell you ain't got nothing to lose
You're at full
Sanji W's version of mixed supply side economic
How about those folks that end wrong man they really took a big time
And don't forget those account guys what they did with the numbers it's
right
And all those other companies left all their employees
They just ain't the good old American way
Almost makes a grown man want to cry
Sanji W's version of mixed supply side economic
Please make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes
Join your friends and neighbors
Hell you ain't got nothing to lose
You're at full
Sanji W's version of mixed supply side economic
Please
And those billion dollar dividend tax cut proposals that's a stress
Will the country and dollar economy we somebody tell me what's good
It caught about the real world it have to say oh Georgie got a true
No way
Let's just send him back to Texas for the struggle down to speak an army blue
Sanji W's version of mixed supply side economic
Guaranteed to make you feel good from your head down to the holes
Yeah
Yeah
Join your friends and neighbors
Hell you ain't got nothing to lose
Sanji W's version of mixed supply side economic
Long me just did all this
I'm on a miracle let's all sing
Sanji W's version of mixed supply side economic
Guaranteed to make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes
Yeah
Join your friends and neighbors
Hell you ain't got nothing to lose
Sanji W's version of mixed supply side economic
Guaranteed to make you feel good
Sanji W's version of mixed supply side economic
That's all we got looking for
That mail truck that the hijack mail truck is coming right to our us county line road and where we're about
So are they not county line a one they're they're heading east on county line road towards us
Yeah, approaching 441 soon approaching 441 soon
Oh
And they're getting in the left hand lane George
There it is there they are at the intersection look at that we have what they're not coming
They're coming our way I want to go look
They're coming our way they're going south that's they're going south on 441
Right out here that was ives during they just turned out what street was that that was our county line road
All right, I'm gonna be passing by the door to the door to the second and they're coming right right toward us
Can't believe it, but they're like in a middle lane
Come and south bokeh Brian just right. Don't stick your head out the door. Okay Brian Brian
Too late
Oh clearance stuck is set out everybody's gonna go watch they're gonna go go with me going out there
They want to see this mail truck go by isn't this
Hey Brian go outside so we can see you maybe they're coming to power maybe the guys pissed off they wouldn't play his request
But they're in the right hand lane now. Let's see county line road. They got to be past this already. Don't they know they don't
Oh sure they do how you got them oh we'll be able to see the
The sub center chucks or something
How could they not be biased already it's only like what we're slow huh they're not going real slow
They're zip and right along maybe they're they're mosey and right on down the road
Hey channel for pull a camera back a little bit so I don't think they're where you think they are
What are all those cars parked on the side of the road
Well, what are those what's that parking lot I don't know up the right?
Nah, yeah, I don't think they're where you think they are but nevertheless George's right up the road
And now they're in the middle lane. Oh they go over the bridge that they just went over the bridge over what bridge
What bridge are you talking about now they're in the right hand lane they're making the right hand turn into a part what the beast
What you got them they went right by they went right by and the beast said
And there they are they're right across the center in the shopping center where we always have lunch
Oh my god
Over there maybe they wanted a grilled cheese sandwich
And now they're turning on the ives-dairy road right yeah, they're on the right
Going back to the stadium they're going west toward the stadium
Yeah, maybe this guy wants to play for the dolphins. I don't know
And there they go away they go as they go around and round like pericom what did you get to see him
Look at the beast his head is red as a beat
Man maybe they wanted to come and see the beast see if he we love oh by the way
I didn't mention on the air the beast has lost 46 pounds. Oh excellent nice work
Here's one that says one for your list the yearlings turn Gregory Peck if you don't cry at this movie
You have no soul got that the yearling the yearling yeah absolutely also tell Bokeh Brian the movie that he was talking about isn't amazing colossal man
But the colossus of New York
You're right on the track now he said no
No, it took place in like no body one of these 50s robot movies that argues you can't have the concept to write and run without a soul
That's not the one he's talking about about anyway
Last thing was listening to magic this morning when Gray slipped dropped in a brick shower
I was going on about what a coincidence they just played somebody to love since the computer picks out the music here
How sad since his facts are new right
Charlie is the name of that movie by the way and it's spelled C-H-R-L-Y just to go up on the clip Robertson website
Got it saving private right we got it chindler's us got it
Here's one honest guy he says two things that make him cry
One is the movie Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence and the other thing he says I cry every time I see the president on television
Nice go answer and one last one ready
Can you handle it? I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you
It's first day after the excitement man. I don't want to write a highlight of some people's day
Which tells you about life in South Florida nobody read out there to get on school
They saw the hijacked male truck out there with a male lady right out when zipping right by
Kitty corner across the street cut through the parking lot and right down the old first year highway and ives dairy road
Out toward the stadium
Maybe they want to get a good seat for next season
I miss part of the show this morning didn't see the movie on the pool
I'm an adult male and the way we were with Robert Redford and Verber Streisand made me cry
Now you're rolling your eyes back. What's wrong with you?
You're a barber Streisand
God
I'm not saying I liked it or that even saw it
Barber Streisand makes me cry just to think about it okay
Streisand tears to my eyes you asshole
1253 at 560 WDQM. They're buried in cars down there at the lamens the hallowett. Would you cut the crap already
God time layman and joe prieto are buried in cars like I just started to say before Georgia again got carried away
Which you ought to be the factory ascends how it's so many cars there's no place to stick them
Even Tom lamens had a park a few in his driveway
So he says and they'd like to place one in yours
Howlet right as we speak is blowing out the all new vehicles regardless of profit including that great zippy
Pontiac vibes during only 13
998 and get up to five thousand dollars off every GMC on Boynstock plus get zero percent financing up to a three thousand dollar rebate
An endless sea of dependable use cars, trucks and SUVs and unbeatable prices to it. Howlet
And if everybody else in town has turned you down or said your credit is marginal at best or maybe really sucks
Have no fear because howlet is here that gets you a deal
It's the winner blizzard emergency clearance. They're going on right now at howlet Pontiac GMC
134 one South fix you highway that's on us went across from the falls open every day seven days a week
mention my name you'll see even more you can come on the near-arger's neildial hotline toll free
one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven for howlet Pontiac GMC who be professional grade
We're sports radio five six
UAM
Have a penis
John here on the taxi cab a set driver
Shuttle part
You look at me so quizzically
I could tell he was in a dark
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made
No monkey speaks English and in my
I went down to my hand and my bridge where the weather business and
I walked into a liquor store but a guy there talks real fun
I asked him for a pint of fortune beanie says no at the end of what does that mean
The butter speaks English at a mall
That cornered deli
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English mille
Are you can go back to your hand
Oh
I came here a year ago
Where my ABC I don't say much is grossiest
I said pretty
So get yourself to a classroom quicker in American now stop making me sick
No, but I speak English
Oh
Okay, that's just about going to do it and we got the biggest stipend over there right
He's
Place those mailboxes up
Now like I said they were they went immediately to the back of the mail track
They got him corned. They pull anybody out of there yet or not. No, they still gonna pull it now
Where is that that's on one Monday one in 27th Avenue? Oh my god
So anyways like right off the road of peace anyway the pool continues
What's your favorite movie that may have been cry before they wanted minute
But they want a minute house echo
Bob Ryan song 30. I'm a man who never cries in movies 29
Shindler's list 18 or the other 16 and they're coast
And so we'll see what happens
I'm sent I guarantee the mad dog will admit he cries like
Even doing dolphin games with mold
Gang rape is funny
