Aaaaaaaming!
Coming soon to a theater near you!
Christopher Reeve is Superman! Superman 5!
Hell, tell Superman, Superman Quig! Jimmy Olsen is drowning!
Hey, here comes Superman! Here he comes! He's in a wheelchair!
Hurry up Superman!
Okay, where's Jimmy?
Too late!
Yeah, now to call you Super Gimp!
Get out of here you freak!
Oh, oh Clark!
Oh, nothing's happening! Get on top of me!
Arthur!
Ow!
I, the evil dog, have finally figured out a way to defeat Superman!
With, with, with Kryptonite?
No, steps!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Superman 5! The search for a bigger doorway, rolling into a theater near you!
Poor Superman man, last night, Clark Kent was...
Faaaaaaming!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, that big Simmons boy, some of you people must be really desperate!
Oh, Neil! All that breathless cause we were getting down!
He was going to see Tom Walling naked tonight on the small field, yeah.
Right.
Came out of that blast furnace flaming.
And then, uh, yeah, little, uh, what did we see, huh?
Maybe a little...
Back home!
Side of the butt cheek.
Only the most desperate of the desperate were sitting there like with their nose glued to the screen.
Probably still can't get it off, and the nose either.
Tony right now, hey, the mole this morning was all whipped up to a frenzy him and Gildi.
I guess there must be nothing going on in sports.
Certainly nothing that they would want to talk about.
So they're talking about the athletes fraternizing.
Now, who's the one that pitched the no-hitter?
Cause I didn't see about that.
Was it, um, I don't know who was.
Was it Tom Glavin?
It must have been somebody else that's...
Yeah, Glavin.
So I guess he got calls from Greg Maddix and John Smoltz, his former teammates,
congratulating him with that.
He absolutely nothing wrong with that.
At all.
I mean, when you watch an NFL game, and the thing that really gets me is,
here's the voice of the dolphins and his little ass-sucking buddy there.
And they're the NFL.
The real, I mean, that's the bread and butter of this radio station.
Let's face it as far as sports.
Beside this show.
And after every single game in the NFL, every one of them, the game is over.
The referee blows off his thing, and that's it.
And at midfield, as the two teams are crossing the field,
they go to locker rooms and shower with each other with their own teammates anyway.
You see dozens of guys, well, maybe not dozens, but a whole bunch of guys from the opposing teams,
who are good friends.
Maybe they went to college together, maybe they took showers together.
Who knows what the story is, and they fraternize.
And they go over to each other's house for dinner,
like someone leaves one to Kujo's house before that game in Detroit,
and there was a big simmiss about that.
That's life.
This isn't war.
Like Alexander McKilney would say,
this isn't war we're talking about.
It's a game, you idiots.
You morons.
It's a freaking game.
Oh, that's wrong.
He should be in Geldys all indignant and pissed off and fired up.
And of course, the same thing could be said of WQAM about sports stations,
about radio stations in general,
since I'm finding out some real, real interesting information this morning.
A little bird told me, and in fact, it was like pecking on a window this morning.
It was like a little pecking on my window.
Yeah, a little bird told me.
And he said, can you believe that John Weiner,
who used to be one of the sports nerds at QAM,
who's a pretty decent guy got a horrible voice,
and doesn't belong on here just to say, hello, how you doing?
But anyway, he's over there doing morons on Fox Make Believe Sports Radio,
which has got like fractional numbers.
I mean, you could put their audience in a phone booth.
You could put their audience in that deli, I ate it last Saturday,
and have room left over.
That's how small it is.
And so we don't wish him any ill, John Weiner,
and if I was Mo, I'd be pretty porked off to find out,
come to find out that there are people inside our building.
I don't want to mention that one of them is our program director,
who is a former roommate of John, whatever name is Weiner.
A former Weiner lover.
And that these people are feeding him information.
If he needs a phone number, if he wants to get some athlete,
or some agent on the phone, or some hot shot in sports,
all he's got to do is call over to QAM,
and we're like feeding them all the information.
And this is the guy who's competing with us.
So Mo, if you're going to be upset about something,
I'd be a lot less concerned about these athletes,
and a lot more concerned about what's happening right in your own backyard,
right in your own backdoor.
That's what I'd be concerned about.
There's probably like some infiltration into his smelly old bag,
wouldn't surprise me.
Probably John Weiner knows the flavor.
He knows which piece Mo, or to work this morning.
He's got all this info, because he's got his inside spies,
including his former roommate, Clarence aka Dero,
what Josh, whatever name is.
The program director, that's disgraceful.
I mean, I've had friends when Bill Carter was working at IOD,
I was working at WINZ, whatever, on different stations.
Still were best of friends, we'd go to the track together.
We'd bitch about management, and how they all suck stuff like that.
That's allowed.
As long as nobody hears it.
But other than that, we certainly were like trying to feed each other materials,
so we can put it on the ear, then I stay and like,
help each other show.
There's still like competitiveness.
But the idea that we have people inside the QA and building there,
in fact, Greg was walking around a couple of years ago,
wondering who's the mole, who's the mole.
You got more than moles in there, man.
You got like, uh, skabies.
Right?
I mean, I got a little mole over that one eyebrow there that you're always screaming about.
You know something, that's me.
I went to the dermatologist and he said,
forget about it.
He said, leave a worse mark than they already got there.
You look even worse if that's possible.
Well, I don't want to do that.
I'm already looking pretty crappy.
I don't want to look any worse.
Not just David and going with life.
Right.
So it's, I got a mole, but I mean, just a little thing.
But a skabies, that's nasty.
Yeah.
You can smell them, man.
They're all over the place.
That's where we got a QM.
Not just the mole, we got skabies.
At least.
Working on conjunction with the competition, huh?
Chiggers are worse.
I'll start with that crap again.
But please.
Now look at this.
Why did you fix me this?
Why don't you stop?
And Mary Poppins' chimney.
We're going to send, not Santa Claus.
We're going to send a mole down your chimney.
We're going to have him stick his bag down your chimney.
If you don't cut the crap, whoever fax this nonsense.
Idea for a poll.
Look at the way they spelled poll.
Who is the biggest pervert?
Bill Clinton.
Oude who's saying, Hank Goldberg or George Rodriguez.
Now, who did Oude have pictures of?
The twin booklet.
Oh, the Clinton sisters.
That's right.
I mean, the booklet sisters.
Sorry, excuse me.
The booklet sisters.
Yeah, that's the true story.
We had it's one of our stories that we have on the website.
Is it not?
Yeah.
I believe we have it.
Oude.
Oude said, holy tamales.
Look at those.
That's what he said.
You know, there's the raki's that begin tamales.
In fact, that's probably going to be the first fast food joint.
Not too late.
They already opened the right.
What was it?
Pizza Hut.
What was the other one?
McDonald's.
Whatever.
They'll die.
If we didn't get them with the gunfire, the bombs were certainly going to get them with the fast food.
The slow and more painful and torturous way.
Terrain their kishkis out.
Terrain their guts out with that American fast food.
And lots and lots of sodas with heavy duty sugar.
So that's all yesterday.
Now, I do realize that there was some tinkering going on here.
There was some grand tinkering going on with the poll overnight.
Because when I went to bed last night, Kathy Bates for a performance.
I'll hear you the question.
What was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actress?
Kathy Bates was a couple votes ahead.
I get up this morning and Halle Berry and Monsters Ball is a bunch of votes ahead.
I would say 37 to be more exact.
And I realized that there was Diddlin going on, but you know something I don't care.
Because I don't mind Halle Berry winning.
Do you?
No, not at all.
This kind of he likes Halle Berry.
That's fine.
This crowd, this audience.
Whenever we take the whose hot polls and everything she always does really well with not winning.
The poll question was what was the best all-time performance in a movie by an actress?
Not whose hot.
I know.
But I'm just saying.
Not whose bones would be like to hop on.
But you know how they are.
They vote for who they like.
Halle Berry Monsters Ball 157.
Well, I don't imagine too many are anxious to hop on Kathy Bates.
But knowing our crowd is probably a few.
It'd be a soft landing.
Kathy Bates and Misery 120.
Now we've said, let's see that one.
That one point.
You know something?
That.
He really looked old in that movie.
You know what?
James Cullin.
You're being your blood.
It brings all over your nice, I believe suit.
No, seriously.
I'm just thinking what year was Misery?
Because the Godfather, the Godfather one was 72 or three.
72, I believe.
Huh?
Misery had to be like late 80s, early 90s.
Carlos is looking it up.
No, I'll look it up.
Just relax, Boi.
Don't do it too much work.
I've got my big fat one here, my book.
And by the way, quick call of people fat.
Zack.
It's one thing if I call people fat because I'm a fat slob.
But you make me look like Minnie Mouse.
1990.
Misery.
Directed by Rob Reiner.
Meathead.
Did you know that?
I do know.
There you go.
See, it's not even 915 yet.
We're learning crap on the world famous Nearage show.
How do you like that?
It is Wednesday, by the way.
And you probably forgot about that.
No, I didn't actually.
Oh, so a big new one.
Really comedy guitar.
Wednesday.
This is what helps to keep this show going.
The only thing that keeps me alive is the fact we get that little bump in the middle of the week that, you know,
the bump that gets you over the hump and leaves the lump and makes you take a big dump.
Right.
Honest dump.
James Conn, Kathy Bates, Richard Farnsworth, Francis Sternhagen, Lauren McCall.
Lauren McCall was in misery.
Boy, I forgot.
What role did she play?
I'm going to have to get that again.
I'm going to go out and get that today along with Fargo.
And Paye or something.
There's a movie called Pierre South Dakota.
There is?
No.
Edward.
Who?
Edward.
And I'm getting Edward also.
Halle Berrymonster's ball 157, Kathy Bates for misery.
120 votes.
Francis McDormand Fargo 79.
Linda Blair, the exorcist 71.
Ice-Gaw and Linda, a real head turner.
Glenn Close, fatal attraction 60.
Kathleen Turner and Body Heat 48, Vivian Lee, Gone with the N47.
Yeah, and I told you this wouldn't get as many votes as much response as the other one, and it didn't.
It's just that sexist thing again.
Right.
Katherine Hepburn, the African queen, the Johnny Mathistery 43.
Fade down away from mommy dearest 41.
Betty Davis, whatever happened to baby Jane 35.
You poo-pooed that one I told you to good.
Did you poo-poo it?
No.
Merrill Streep, Sophie's choice 34.
Elizabeth Shoe, leaving Las Vegas 33.
Louise Fletcher, one flow over to Cookus Nest.
30.
Nurse Ranchit.
I want my cigarettes, Nurse Ranchit.
I love Chiswick, man.
He was great.
I love Chiswick.
And then of course Danny DeVito.
It's the first time I think we ever seen Danny DeVito.
At least the night that got...
Huh?
Mr. Martini.
Martini Ja.
It came up to where Nickap, who was great.
The poor Billy-Babdel-Bab-babbabibbit.
And then the key, everybody in that movie was great.
The Chief, he was a Hoot, the Indian.
Right.
And of course Jack Nicholson had missed the poll from yesterday.
Jack Nicholson won for Cookus Nest as best male performance in a movie.
He won the Estitute.
you. Sally Field Civil 28, Hillary Swank boys don't cry 24, we love Hillary Swank.
Liz Taylor who's afraid of Virginia's wolf 23, Audrey Hepburn,
record's activities 18, Jody Foster for the accused 18, Jessica Tandy driving
this daisy 17 and bankrupt in FATSO 17. How do you know? And that was a late
addition wasn't well, of course they all went up at the same time. But I mean,
that was like an afterthought. You ate the only. Yeah. She was great. Especially
the scene in the beginning where they're burying the fat cousin. Yeah. And she's
oh their casket is open and they see the body's lining this big tub kind of
look like Zach. Oh, you're screaming. You said I'm a bitch. You remember that? That was great.
We told you don't eat. Don't eat. He always said something good on him, you know. He always had food on him. Oh,
God. What a great movie. But only us fat people really appreciate it. Right, Zach? You tub a crap.
Quit picking on Josh Friedman. I'll understand Josh is bigger than an apartment complex. In fact, he may get a
complex about it. Let's pick on him a lot just for the hell of it because you hate him like poison.
See, you notice the silence? Yeah. Well, we know you do. You hate him like boy. I don't know what it is.
Yeah, you do so. You hate him. Well, yeah, you despise him. Here's a prick. Now that you mentioned it. Yeah.
914 and 5 so we're way past the break here. As a matter of fact, what we're gonna do is jam all the spots in the last few minutes of the hour.
Because I got a lot of stuff to do here. If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories, think no more.
Head for Barbecue's galore. Get yourself a head start on the barbecue in season with the perfect grill and
perfect accessories to go with it. All of the guaranteed lowest prices. Barbecue's galore carries barbecues in every price range from the
top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill.
Their popular three burner hook-on has a generous 625 square inch cooking area and 42,000 BTUs offer a great low price.
Get it on a hardwood steel or a closed grill car for just 399 bucks. Rough grade to the sleek black pedestal base for just 439 bucks.
For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget shop barbecues galore in plantation on university drive in the prestigious
fountain shopping center called 9 5 4 4 2 3 4400 and they also have a location in curl springs at 74 85 West sample road corner
sample in Rock Island called 9 5 4 7 5 7 6 6 6 8 don't forget from the biggest
selection of barbecues in the country. It's barbecues galore. They're unbeatable.
5 and a local. This is 5 6 6. The radio door is locked.
Q and.
Don't get the honey tuner. I got an amand honey.
This is Bob and the knob of huge electronics where everything is stock is huge.
Staryotes computers big screen TVs. If you plug it in, we've got it and it's huge.
We have just a wide selection of big screen TV. So come on down and take a look.
I am the queen of big screen TV. Just look for the huge picture tube in the sky.
Just off highway 5. That's Bob on the knob. Huge appliances. I am the queen.
It's 9 18 at 5 60. If you heard me talking on the air, that means her inner
commas still beating on the air and I really don't care because it was very emotional moment.
Did it go on the air? No. It didn't? No. How do you know?
Didn't hear it in here? But that is me. I think it bleeds through on the air.
This inner comm thing. But I don't like I said okay because our engineer Julio who's a great guy
and the lost 25 pounds thanks to me embarrassing him because he's I would like to see him live
along. He got screwed over by Bob DeMuth on our engineering mafia at QAM.
Not too many days ago. I mentioned that somebody had sent me some memos,
some that were posted and hiring three different positions in engineering and I said to George,
I said I don't think they're going to be hiring three new engineers.
And come to find out this was just a formality to enable them to lower everybody's salary,
including lowering Julio's at a much much reduced rate and of course is the way of squeezing them out.
Rather than going to him and saying hey guess what we do the times are tough we can't afford to pay
you're eating too much or anything like that you know that would have been too honest.
So instead they blow them out. So I wish him an investor luck because he's a great guy.
He was up here and really did a lot of work finishing touches putting this studio together
while Bob Ramuth ran around in circles as usual.
Bob Ramuth I just want to tell you man this is one more nail in your coffin.
In fact this really inspires me to go on here until a full story about how you call the
Beasley's a bunch of mugwomps that night in Amsterdam at that Indonesian dinner.
He said that the kid in the tree in deliverance he said he wouldn't even let them in there.
Now that's what he said he said that if the Beasley's would have climbed in the tree he'd have hopped
out because they would have ruined the neighborhood. That's what he said about them.
I haven't even told you what he said about Scoran and yeah but I'll get to it because you're
really small potatoes vermoth you're real idiot and of course look at that great job he did putting
that stuff in Amsterdam. Oh my god there's a story there's a story.
Of course they only had what six months advanced notice to get that thing in there.
Yeah that's why it goes vermoth.
And he finally just threw up his arms in here and left and left it all the poor mark that mark
in the dark that that's guy who's running around in circles trying to find the red light
district. Anyway let me go well before we do that because I want to finish up the results
from the pool. Don't look either the new one. Lots of stuff baby lots of stuff to squeeze in only
three hours too that's the problem. We boxed it oh look at that look at that I'm pitched
about engineering and now my phone lines went down I don't think that's a coincidence I think
somebody's passing you around back there you see that no dots. I don't we that ours but we have
a little a little burp here a couple seconds ago. I think it was really a lightning strike.
Let me see what's going on here I think it's sabotage myself. Let me redo this thing.
I'll see.
Associate producer okay my thing is back on here do I see any dots. Oh yeah there they go.
Oh I told you well I'm a pro at this now I have to do my own engineering here.
Sure it's all couldn't call George Corso or Bob Vermoth because between the two of them
that's what you get. So nice going squeezing out the only guy that we had that we didn't know
what that he was doing as Julio. They're really cute he used to stick his big fat head in the door
every morning 845 everything okay in here guys you need anything. That's probably why they
didn't like him too because he was actually helping us to try to get our technical act together
which they don't like since this show is reviled and hated even though I'll give you those
hour by hours in a minute here again. Why not? Huh the four highest hours by far I'm WQM in a
winter book are between nine and one by far I just mentioned that in passing again Greg I just
mentioned that in passing okay and you two Mo you ought to be real you ought to be in fact Mo should
turn around on his way to Volkow he should turn right down around a minute where he is right now
and go right back and and pitch a fit with clearance. Sure was peace Adam for goodness no seriously
for concerning with the enemy for John Weiner I'd be I'd be full minute them out. I mean at least
the shows they got in midday I don't think Roemi is calling up to get you know information about
sports numbers from clearance or anybody else at QM but to think that they got this punk who doesn't
belong on here just to say hello John Weiner they're in a morning on Fox Sports on Schlock Sports
which is Chief Channel by the way and we got people sleeping with the enemy didn't you say they were
roommates huh or do you say womb mates oh oh consorting with the enemy man Julia Roberts is pretty
parked off and pissed up about it too how do you like that she's parked off and pissed up a rope
US troops speaking of people pissed off Faluja Iraq US troops open fire on anti-American demonstrators
for the second time this week as the rackeys marched Wednesday to protest the previous shooting
in other words they're just pre protest me in previous one wow you didn't like that one here's another
one for you right the cities mayor said two more people were killed and 14 were wounded in the clash
and army officers said soldiers in a convoy passing demonstrators were shot at and then return
fire the gunfire came less than 48 hours after a shooting during demonstration Monday night
that hospital officials still kill at least 13 Iraqis wounded at least 75 just another one of those
isolated exactly pieces of fall out for more you know more collateral damage
but this week man we're gonna have a big celebration then the president's gonna make it official
announced the war is over they had a rummy over there walking around in the palaces
sticking gold jewelry and his wallet you see that yeah he was sticking stuff in his pockets
like a shoplifter and bankrupt at 17 I'm gonna give the whole list for them so upset for poor
Olivia to have a land on the snake but didn't have any would somebody please cast a vote please
I beg you let me see if she still got nah she still got the big it's bad
Holly Hunter racing Arizona 15 whoopie Goldberg the color purple and glorious swanston sunset
Boulevard 14 glorious swanson and see the problem with this poll is most of these are too old
as opposed to the actors we had some now some of the actors were a fairly old but a lot more recent
ones but these most of them are pretty old don't you think yeah oh yeah I mean like how many people
in this audience are old enough for scenes sunset Boulevard glorious swanson third man and that's it
now she got 14 votes and she Dickinson dressed to kill 12 zodiacos to nil 12 and you know who we
forgot because Diane Keaton had 11 for the godfather you know who we forgot from the godfather
tell you shire right yeah good pony right she was great sure was just a scene where she and
Carla were doing the thing in a kitchen right yeah oh it was great clean it up clean it up
it was great great scene grace Kelly rear window 11 Betty Davis all about even
Muriel Hemingway personal best 10 dyke movie to be headrun for the birds only nine Susan Hayward
I want to live nine and bankrupt miracle worker eight sissy spot check a space check for Kerry
had seven she played hockey juliet Lewis for California and Diane Woodward three faces of Eve and
fade out way for network and to be at least be current in desire each had six fade out of way only
had six votes for her job working network for that the oh they don't like that movie and don't
give me a song to dance about they don't like Sydney lament and away it's shot okay somebody ought to
be shot what's wrong with these people one of the one of the top five movies in the history of
the human race that it's not debatable I don't give a crap with anybody say that that's not my
opinion that's a fact is there anybody wants to dispute that no Carlos Carlos never saw you raised
his hand they put it back down again real quick did you see that movie no so how so so what am I
getting excited about don't get excited punk okay that's got fleas crawling all over him that's
what he admitted at this point said just picked a flea off me and he's trying to blame the building
Greg he's trying to blame that effect you don't have an exterminator there well we did just have
about take your kid to work day oh there you go if we anything we need net building it's an
exterminator oh Lee Remick days of wine and roses five cissly Tyson the Autobiography of Miss
Jane Pittman and Diana Ross lady sings the blues and Ingrid Bergman spelled out and Olivia
the heavily they died with their boots on it for did anybody vote for Olivia and the snake pit I
mean it was a hundred years ago in 1952 she got a vote yet yes she got one let's hear it oh thank
you whoever did that thank you so much Olivia would have appreciated she's dead I'm sure
Ibermory St. North by Northwest Ingrid Bergman Gaslight Jane Fodder trying to syndrome Judy Garland
the stars boy each had three Judy Garland we had three for a star is born oh my god
woo what a bunch of punks Dorothy Damage Carmen Jones had two dying Keaton looking for Mr.
Goodbar a pair Ingrid Bergman Joan of Arc two and one a piece for Jane Fonda include Joan
Fonte and Rebecca had one Ingrid Bergman on a stasia one and Blife Mildred Pierce one for people
over the age of a hundred and finally Olivia the havelin and snake a snake pit had one because
people said it was the pits how about Brad he have any spots yeah let's do that one for the male
actors again see if Brad can get about seven what are you saying what's in the box seriously I'll
watch that in term movie just to see that see me I have done it I mean Morgan Freeman was
great in that movie but he's a sensation actor he's perfect but Brad Pitt I mean Brad is like
I'm trying to think of a movie that he was really good in California I didn't see that California
with a K if you hadn't told me that it was him I never would have guessed oh maybe that's why
was good because he really stopped I think about when he was in that fight club which was just a
stupid pointless violent gratuitous a piece of crap got to think it was and uh what else was he
he was in that movie the river what the oh no he wasn't a good movie where he played the brother
the two fishermen the Montana movie yeah that was a good movie a river with Craig Sheffer
but that was when Craig Sheffer had like look black and blue eyes for your cyking again I just
watched that again over the like the weekend did you really get that was a very sad movie though
yeah it was I did Brad have to be the one who died 927 at 560 don't see there you go again with that
factory meal right you ran yeah that's right that's me that's me mr. Faggot I'm proud of it and we
saw Tom Walling's back home last night he was flaming I wonder if Moe watched that show he's
probably a closet small villal fan you know no it's probably got a thing for Lana I got to think
for Lana so yeah yeah she's all right right here she said first you know what she said you call
that a penis let me tell you right now are you fat people out there you want to lose weight balance
for life is a great way to do it because it's delicious and it keeps you full all day a lot of
those programs out there you have to start to death or you have to eat a bunch of pre-fabricated
crap that tastes like garbage it comes in small little containers that couldn't keep a bird full
well if balance for life they bring you plenty of food each day for your thing three gourmet
meals and two delicious snacks in a little black sack that they deliver right to your doorstep
at your home at your work at the pub that you're hanging out under the overpass wherever you live
and believe me there's lots and lots of great food you get to choose each meal that you're on
a program between two choices so if you're not a fish eater don't get the fish if you don't like
a chicken that much get whatever the other choice is and it'll keep you full all through the day and
the weight will pour off your body because it's all bait based on the balance of the zone diet
a complicated diet but when it really works and they do all the figuring for you
they'll calorie counting no carb counting no cooking no shopping no cleaning nothing to worry about
except just watching how fast you lose that weight so if you're tired of being fat and out of shape
and sick and diabetic and all these other things all of these things call balance for life and let
them help you lose the weight the delicious way call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 or check
them out in their wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com
those checkered pants
my wife took their card at a wall she drives my viewer again she's three feet tall
I wouldn't ride with her no way I said I'd need it there later today so I'm just sitting on a bench in the
way waiting for the libra's to take me away
or just sitting on a bench in the way with my friend's time
I'm trying to tell my James because the bus fans don't always say the same
all that gonna do with Jetta tells me to do
the private her life she must be in jail just sitting here resting my bones
wondering why my wife won't leave me alone we've talked it over and I never win
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again oh so I sit on a bench in the rain
waiting for the lollipess to take me away
I'm 33 at 560 W. I'm ever to checkered pants are part of the official uniform in Del Rey and Boko
And you think you think you think that's probably the only reason Moe wears those he realizes how silly he looks
But you know when you live in Boko you're supposed to wear either lime green or checkered pants
And what's the other one lemon yellow canary ale? Oh?
Yeah, with the blue shoes. That's really oh man a nice mustard yellow to talk about a fashion plate
Anyway, speaking of that the hour by our numbers came in from the order rating book
And I just thought we'd mentioned against we can pet ourselves on a back
And I missed I don't get to hear that much of Moe show
So he may have actually been on your thanking me this morning for helping goose up his six to ten morning drive
Slab which is why they moved this show from ten to two which where it belongs back to nine to one to try to goose up a desperate morning show
And we did it we goose them up by six tenths at a point
He would have had a 4.1 and men instead he had a 4.7 six to ten
Because his three hours two of them were horrendous and mom was very good
I don't understand that so I guess what it means is they can only take him in small doses
Well seriously because five to six the duty boys had a 3.7 share in men and then six o'clock
Moe comes on and goes from a 3.7 down to a 3.3
He drops almost half a point when they hear his voice
Then seven o'clock all of a sudden in that hour they go up to a 5.4
I that which is a stellar hour nice going air moe
Yeah eight o'clock then they drop back down to a 3.4
A 3.4 for Moe
Nine o'clock we come on with a 6.4 which is like his six o'clock and eight o'clock hours put together
Almost see they got a 6.7 of those two hours put together
We got a 6.4 just in the nine o'clock hour at 10 o'clock
We go to a 9.5 11 o'clock at 9.2 and at noon a 7.3
I'm sure we get a little bit of a little damage from the
Lord asked my store noon hour from lord I
Well, I'm confident we probably still beat him
But I sure be interested in seeing those hour by hours for IOD and big and semi-autostations
Friday Friday, Friday, Friday I was just told the
Sada today here who told you that?
Stuff
What are you talking about? He Bell will have him by noon, okay?
Don't give me this Friday stuff that's muffled you see he's too busy consort with clearance who's on the full with John Wiener right now
Oh, they're on to us. They're on to us, you know who you kid and clearance what a disgrace, you know
And let's see the days only the it's the 30 it's we've got many days away from payday
So I don't have to worry about pissing clearance off too close to payday
But seriously that that's bad when your program director is
Bunk but buddies with the guy to see what a morning show on another station and feeding him all kinds of information and
Phone numbers and contacts and trying to goose up his show if I'm low
I'm on a way back to the station right now
Well, that would be like a host of one show being a guest on
Competitors when you leave him alone. I see you're picking on that silly old man
I'm just talking about how he thanked me profusely, didn't he?
Did I miss that beer boy or we all missed it? Oh, we all miss it too
That's okay, Mo that's what you get because payback is a bitch
Isn't that what somebody once said payback is a bitch? No one we got a 7.3
We got four stellar hours on there which we thank the audience profusely and I patent myself on a back
Yes, why not?
Nobody else are doing I mean clearance. I mean not clear in fact clearance that he come in here and say nice job
No, no ducted it about 20 times, but he's kind of a suck. No anyway, you know, it's dead when the numbers came out
He did not did so to me. Oh
Not to you to me never came in during the show and said great job guys great job, Neil
You're keeping your you're keeping us alive. You fat fat. He never said that
Well, that's what he's thinking
One o'clock we're going on to a five point what happened to the mad dog?
I mean it took good hours, but not his usual stellar hours and I'm thinking that January, February, March
Probably people with an IQ larger than their thumbnail had other things that are mind-based sports
What do you think? No, come on which probably is why I did so well and why we did so well because we were the only show on a radio station
Talking about what was really happening in the world whether you agree or like what we were saying or not
That's another story
But we were the only ones doing it as opposed to much of stupid sports stuff which let's face it January, February and March
You got the panthers and a heat does anybody care about them did they go to the play on?
No, you need to one have a good season. There you go. I rest my case
Now of course that they draft this past last Saturday now
We got some heavy duty full ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball
And I still say that's a disgrace this morning. I didn't hear anybody call it in challenge
Although I did hear a couple of guys that were pissed off about those comments and they were right about guys
Socializing from different teams and congratulations. What's wrong with that? What is wrong with that?
Huh, they're ought to be a lot
And I'll give you a classic example
Every time like the major anniversary on it remember on this last March one
Ricky Tiki called in Rick Shaw
We've never ever I've in fact I've never officially met Rick Shaw used to see him with it often games like I told him
We'd wave at each other he'd be a few rows down below me. I never officially met him
You don't ever shook your eyes hand, but he was had classy enough to call me up and say great go and a
Congratulations, Neelan you do great radio. Whatever you said it was it left a it left a nut in my throat
Left a lump in here. It was either that or the moxable from that deli but this preceded that
Remember that mm-hmm
So what's not so much so we work on different stations that I mean we can't congratulate each other when we like Rick
Shaw had his 40th anniversary on here. Did I comment on that? Yep. Yes
It's not a war. It's not the end of the world
It's not WW4 like we're in right now coined to what James Woolsey wants to pull the wools over your eyes. No
Just a goddamn game
And I'm so sick and tired of these sports nerds especially the ones that work around us on Q and the ones that were
Surrounded by who take all of his soul life and death so seriously, you know
It's like these numbers we got. Yeah, it's a look at the draw if your people get diaries yet and they like you you look out
Okay, we knock on wood. I'm not gonna not right now. We've done good 25 years running
How are we done so good? We must have a lot of trained monkeys out there mo, huh?
About a trained monkey's long before you came to town all this crap about well
We talked about as me. What would he do? I don't know somehow for 26 long
Excruciating years I survived before I even knew who the hell you were except the course for that tape
Which I recommended him for the dolphin job
Which he'll never make any comment about that recommended him when Bob Green gave me an advice of tapes
You knew that? Mm-hmm
Well, he was doing Monday night football before Westwood once said by the way don't come back because you're a piece of crap
You know talent. Yes great voice. Yes as a human being and then this morning the other thing I heard which I'm sure
Beenerboy also heard
Was that self-aggrandizing thing? You know, it's one thing to raise money for charity
It's another thing to go on odd infant item and patch yourself all over the back about oh, you know
You know what I'm talking about oh that was a break his arm. Oh my god
We're gonna have to bring a chiropractor in there. This guy's twisted like a pretzel now
Back to bring a whole staff of chiropractors to put him back together after patent himself with both arms and his leg and then
The other was patent him on a yes
Kind of like the I guess that's a sports thing, you know, right?
But that was just one thing to raise it nice gone
We appreciate that and then I guess he I didn't hear it
But he must have made a comment yesterday morning or Monday
Or one of the colors did about me and how he's raising so much money for charity what the erudgers ever done
You know, it speaks for itself. Yeah, and somebody did call him later in straight him out about Camille's house
I didn't mention center one of the other ones too
But we've raised plenty of money for charity on the show. I just don't feel like spending a lot of time
Patting myself on the back
I'd rather pat myself on the back for the great book. We just had since so that's a little more important to us right now
Yeah
In addition to which you know the audience cares about the arbitrarian because we made it important to them over the years
We when we took that pool as we that's one of the things that they do on here about and we'd like to hear about the hour by hour
The other stations too if Maddie Bell would get on that because duff says Friday. That's unacceptable. Okay. It's an unacceptable answer to that question
Duff I don't want to pick on you because then you're under a lot of stress Duff get off this instantly right get off your ass and give it
It's fucking great. Yeah
Man just give him like a little tiny job, but he still can't handle it. That's what Karen's told me
That's why I could well never right nine forty one
Now let me ask you speaking of that is the the lump gone from being a voice throat
No probably still some markings there after the parents got him up against the wall nine forty one at five sixty W to QM
The lights of Westboker your super store for the Atkins died rest in peace or any low-carbs sugar free died is introducing
Their new almonds that takes by control carb they come in blueberry banana or classic almond eat serving is only one effective
Grammar carbs per serving or sample the lights new chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs if you like to crunch
Carb under the three new flavors of low-carb racket chips so whether it's cover light ice cream breads rolls cheesecake
Chocolate pasta sauces and even other 600 low-carb foods
You like the Westbokers a place you're gonna love the shop because the variety is almost endless for people who are trying
Desperately lose that fat that disgusting grotesque fat Zach
You can always sample before you buy too try before you buy it
They got an eligible stamp of those atkins inside and out and they're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10
Create the most complete line of atkins brands products that are always 25% off all day every day even on circus
Unique to Sunday on good Friday on bad Friday on your kipper 25% off all day every day even on sinh kastura
Atkins died as you know is rated number one so head for the number one low-carbs sugar free to store around the lights of Westboker
On the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market or call one eight seven seven low-carb on the web at low-carb.com
Don't forget there's only one delights of Westboker. It's your official atkins retail centers
No
Bicycle
You
Am
At
5.6
Clear channel want you to show your support in our rally for packs America
We'll be scheduling one in your town show
Show call your local clear channel on the corner and sign up now all 50 of you will be supplied with our
Annel patriotic signs of aid and will be invited to enjoy our Texas style Christian barbecue while flipping off liberal
The centers the festivities will be tapped off with a community book burning barn fire all you have to remember is
March powered in lockstep and don't blink your eyes hey what you blink your eyes
Be a patriot not a little book leader the talented film Henry was once one of them
So we took him downstairs to the quiet room
We were aware that you're a nice guy Mr. Henry. I was a nice guy myself once. Yeah, oh I had my share of literal views in the past
And I found out Mr. Henry that the world is a school of business. Are you sure there is no need for free thought or creativity?
Yeah, but let me say something for some let me say there is only a knee for clear channel
Halliburton
Tell
And show okay for no on mr. Henry yeah
Would make all your perverted
Tavitas liberal the centers
Okay, because mr. Henry yeah, you're radio dummy all right all right, okay, okay?
947 at 560 WQ. I'm this is a good pull question that Jack and Weston points out
Yeah, first he says did you ever get the second page to the facts about unusual activity in the stock market before 911 when you posted on your website
No, I did not get the second page which pisses me off because I'm in the middle of reading a really riveting thing some really
Important information and I realized that the first page didn't match the second one
I was reading and the reason being that the middle page was left out
David and they never faxed us the other page
I mean we appreciate when people fax is good stuff, but come on, you know two out of three and kind of cut it
Anyway, Jackson's PS have been a loyal listener since 86, but I've never called thought it would make a good pull question
I didn't understand what he meant in the beginning and then I thought about that and I said yeah, that's right
Have you ever called this show and then of course we can have different categories?
I think we'll do that tomorrow. Don't let me forget don't forget. Okay, I read it down
So Claire, it's came in to say congratulations to you
I told him that he would have to say it on the air get on mic and go on the air with it and he ran out because you wouldn't believe me
No, he ran out because he knows that I'm gonna talk about how he's in bed with John penis. I well weener
John penis was a different guy. He was a sales guy. John penis was a good sales guy. I should point out
He's gone just like Julio was a great engineer. He's gone
That you already told me that was gonna happen
Yeah, I mean you put two and two together and got 69 as usual
but
It's just very sad they get squeezed out and they didn't have they they never the decency to do it the right way
They yes squeezed him on well. We can't afford you know the budgets really tight the economy sucks and advertising down a little bit
So what about if you work for $40 a week, huh?
And he said no and then instead of saying well, how about 70 they said
That was the end good luck to you Julio. You're a good guy. I like you a lot. He had a good time up here
Found me the alley. Oh, it's big at Toronto. It's sunny and good. It's 50 right now. I'm gonna be 61 today and we're off the list
Which I'm sure you saw I was
It was too bad because it happened right after we got off the Irmanu clock yesterday. I saw it. Did you see it? Yeah
And it was great
Well, wherever the list is we're off it
No more travel advisory from the WH
I'm sure that the Toronto officials were over there in Geneva with bag full of money. I mean with a lot of scientific evidence
There's no problem here and of course last night the blue jays
Which is kind of unfortunate because the owner of blue jays the guy from Rogers cable
I'll put up tickets for a bucket piece to try to fill a place up and a sold out allegedly almost 50,000
Which the skydome holds about 50,000 plus a little more and they announced the attendance is 48,000
But unfortunately, it's like a marlins attendance announcement because
There was no 50,000 people there about 30,000 would be about right
But nonetheless that was a lot of people were there because they didn't really care about the ball game that much
But they wanted to show a little solidarity because this is a community where people really do care about their city
I know that's a real novelty in South Florida
But the people here have a sense of civic pride
They were pissed off and fired up about the WH in the way they screwed us to the tune of about two billion dollars in this time
It's gonna take a long time before people start coming back
Because once you put this stigma, look at that 68 tomorrow 54 on Friday and sunny and 50 on Saturday
It's beautiful come on up and bring a lot of money, okay
The hotels here and they make all kinds of special deals. I should point out too. Yeah, they are
All kinds of package deals. Where's Mikey when we need him, you know
Speaking of people who are not with us anymore. Olivia the havelin is not one of them
Somebody faxes me not one but two pages and in this case both pages are here which I could live without but thank you anyway
Olivia married to havelin was born to a British patent attorney in his wife July 1st
1916 in Tokyo, Japan, which means in just a couple of months. She'll be 87 that's not that old no
Especially by South Florida standards
So Olivia the havelin I take it back. I apologize profusely. She is still alive
Which is even all the more recent she'd have been pissed off if she saw no votes for the snake pit
That was a very good movie wasn't I have to have about a hundred years ago
No, you don't have to go see it was depressing was about a woman in a mental institution. Oh, thanks. No, thank you
Kind of like the QA'm story
Oh, look at this now. This is great treasure island tonight good thing you fact me this right now because we want to really promote it heavy duty
Join George McGell Vokobrine and Carlos
Benerboy
And when if you haven't met beener boy yet you'll understand as soon as you see him why I call him beener boy and why
George calls him ugly Chuck now that's bad
That's because you're heartless. I'm not gonna get some reputation as being cool and mr. cold and heartless
But you're the one that's really a heartless prick. Yeah
Yeah, I don't be dirty
They'll be it happy our five to seven at treasure island right off the Palmetto just north of the 120 second street
Thanks. It's stop by to win prizes enjoyed drinks specials. Why do they you know?
It's almost 10 o'clock. I haven't even got today's for yet right
Because I'm too busy talking about the numbers and pat myself on the back and all of these things
And Clarence still hasn't come into say nice book and congratulations because he knows that I'll rip him and ask about that
John Weiner thing and he and rightfully so speaking about yourself on the back before you get
Totally off of the charity thing just for reference you raised well over a million dollars over the years
Between all the charities. Yes, and just just so mo knows no
He look it doesn't make any difference
He's come into this town with the idea because I didn't suck his ass from the beginning
Although I was the one guy because I'm not a sports guy that gave him a chance for about five minutes
I realized what a prick he was
But other than that no matter what it is we've accomplished on the show in terms of ratings in terms of reading money for charity in terms of being the
Centerpiece of the radio station in terms of moving the time slot to economy him
And his lazy tired old ass we can only work three hours all of and nothing you will ever get anything from him on that
Because he's not the kind of person who makes any accommodation for anybody else. He's relentless. He's heartless
He's obnoxious, which is why everybody else that he's every place else
That I know of that he's ever been they've said bye bye bye. Yeah
Now you think that it's a coincidence or maybe there's a pattern there
Huh and kill and believe you me when this last book came up the other day when these numbers came and we I mentioned this yesterday
There were some people in the building and management positions who weren't all that happy that the morning number went up
Would have been delighted to say bye bye bye him as well, but you know
He's got a couple years left. You think they're gonna be new to that contract. No
We'll see
We'll see a lot of things gonna happen a couple years. I could decide to hang it up real soon like in about five minutes
You know, I might just yeah come 10 o'clock. I might just say okay. That's it. That's long enough
I mean what what's the point other than the fact that I can use the cash
Thanks to certain people who helped me to lose a lot of money
To walk in any more free meals out of me
Here's today's poll question and we thank Alan our regular faxing friend who sent in some real good suggestions for polls
Don't be afraid to send the suggestions for polls even if they're stupid. Sometimes the stupid ones are the good ones right
Just like shows sometimes the stupid shows are the good one this shows here to prove that we can't I'll be intellectual like that morning
What Florida tourist destination would you uh
Tell your out of state friends to avoid
What Florida tourist destination would you tell your out of state friends to avoid I've made a list of six
And I'm sure this audience being as creative and hostile as they are they'll come up with some additional ones
Uh Disney World. I don't think anybody vote for Disney World. Why would you want to avoid that?
But it's it's just so obvious, you know bush gardens. I like bush gardens, but I put it on there because it's obviously
See the problem with bush gardens is to go there. You have to go to Tampa. Yeah
Joe Stone crabs see and now Joe Stone Crabbs is not an amusement park, but it might as well be because it's
It's a tourist destination
Right, that's well known. I'm not just talking about like amusement parks because there aren't that many in the first place
But it can be restaurants. It can be shopping malls. It can be any place that's a tourist trap destination
Whatever Joe Stone Crabbs overpriced another state of mind
Rascal house another state of mind and believe you me unless you're well might go into it, you know
Unless you like rudeness and croutness and just nasty old people
Oi, I want to say nasty old Jews that bitch will call back again
Whether go and eat at the rascal house they're allowed
I wonder if they feel as much stuff into their bag while they're waiting as the old Jews
Key West and the Sawgrass Mills malls that fills out my list of six Disney World bush gardens
Joe Stone Crabbs Rascal House Key West Sawgrass Mills mall
If you're if you're thinking about going to South Florida and you don't go to the Sawgrass Mills mall, okay
I know now you're laughing
But it's the number two tourist destination in the state. No, I know which tells me that either there's a lot of stupid people
Uh, or they're doing a hell of a marketing job or they're just ain't all that much to see in Florida
In spite of all the crap about its paradise paradise
Yeah, there's a lot of nice weather although it's raining and nasty there days after day after day is what I'm here
And I even see some some problems here on your phone thing going out and I'm assuming that you're losing the power if you know and
Uh, one one blip today, but I expect more it's uh, you must add another blip because it went out again here during that last break
And I got it back. I phone connection to the world
So there's some real tourists there with the weather. It's uh, we'll see. We'll see what else they come up with
Tourist destinations to avoid in Florida
Pulling places in Palm Beach. I might be another one
The
956 at 560 WQM, you know, mothers days just around a corner a week from Sunday
And it's a perfect time to repay ma who spent so many sleepless nights waiting for you to get home when you were out
Carousing late at night during your younger days like you know last week
Dialimatris has the perfect mattress for mom if it's sagging lumpier just worn out and the mattress too then call dialimatris like I always do
1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTRES that's the number for dialimatris and they've got the complete line of surda
Seely king kool simons to choose from you sure don't want mom sleep on something you wouldn't sleep on right boy
If I got it like I said yesterday a lot of lines for that
There's no reason to put it off any longer
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life each and every day than a great night's sleeve
So call 1 800 MATTRES. It's the easiest the smartest way to shop for anything
Dialimatris gets more repeating referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right
And I guarantee I'll bet most life on it once you buy a mattress from dialimatris
You'll never go back to assure them again and wish a lot of time gas and cash
And don't forget when you do buy the mattress from dialimatris they set up the new and take away the crappy old stains
So old embarrassing bedding for free that is correct
Dialimatris sets up the new and takes away the old for free
So this mother's day have mommy sleeping like a baby out of new bed from dialimatris
Uh oh
SARS
Gift certificates available to an all the nominations so call right now tool free 1 800 MATTRES
I'm just getting choked up about ma
Dialimatris the easy the smart way to get you a great night's sleeve
The liver maximum performance to your engine with a rabbit hose new type 0 formula
specially refined by Halibut and a rabbit hole type O contains depleted uranium
To prevent the deep red ooze from coagulating your fuel system and helps filter out the teeth and bone
From clogging your injectors adding more horsepower to your SUV
Even regular cars that the sending Liberals still choose to drive
So areja happy now fill her up with a rather cold type O and fly the flag proudly
You can expect more from a rabbit hole and you'll get it when you put a dead child in your tank
So that all 1 at 560 WDQ I'm happy Wednesday to the sun is shining here
It's a beautiful day to bite you can't be here to join it but you can you know
Yeah, I'm gonna say that air Canada is probably having some special deals and you can probably come here for a song
Stay at the hotel for practically nothing
Go out and get some good street meat
I'm telling you they got Italian sausage with fried onions here that is so good
It's just enough to make you scream it. Oh fried onions
I mentioned this yesterday, but I'm just looking to Palm Beach post. I couldn't find anything in there either. It's so sad
So sad what about your horse ball newspapers you haven't saw Florida
Jerry Williams who was one of the originators he was my idol as a child about a hundred years ago
Dean of talk radio and Boston dead at 79 now why would that be in a South Florida newspapers?
Number one, it should be in a Palm Beach post because Jerry had a home in Palm Beach for many many years
Number two he was on WNWS back in 1980 which is hardly a hundred years ago in the heyday
That was the greatest year of that station's history. We had a rating book
One of the books that year that was so gigantic. It was just humongous. It was huge huge
And he's dead at 79
Could I find anything in a hurled about Jerry Williams dying? No anything in a sunsend old times. I have a little piece on it. No
Well, I mean, well, what are we talking about here seriously? What the hell are we talking about and you wonder why the public is so ill-informed
If you ask me this radio station is about the only place in South Florida. You'll find anything that's going on in the world
That you really want to hear about, you know?
Mm-hmm
Seriously, I'm not talking about network news. I mean, that's not South Florida. Anybody can get that anywhere
But I'm just talking about in the South Florida area
You know, we get a couple lost puppies on the news in a couple of, you know, uh, illegal aliens that are washing up on shore the same old tire dreck
And the stories too
Oh, this is good
A tourist place to avoid inflow it and somebody says a Marlins game. I like that
Ha ha ha ha
Marlins game excellent and obviously a lot of people taking their advice
Marlins game
Okay, we can put that pull up anytime you want Eric. I don't want to start getting pushed because you've been doing a magnificent job of restraining yourself the last couple of weeks
He did call an ask you called an ask if whether what do you tell or not? What do you tell him that we would let him know?
Well, I just let him know there you go. See must be psychic powers working again
What Florida tourist destination would you tell your out of state friends to avoid
We got so far Disney World Bush Gardens, Joe Stone Crabbs, Rascal House, Key West, the Soggrass Mills Mall and the Marlins game
And I'm waiting to hear it go to phones again. There we go
Now this is a tough one. What am I going to vote for? I wonder
My choice is clear and what well. I'm let's see. Yeah, you'll see
Uh
I'm going to say the Soggrass Mills Mall because I live out five day number one and number two for the life of me
I can't imagine why anybody I mean, oh, yeah, Joe Stone crab is George voted for
But why would anybody go to the Soggrass Mills? Well, there's nothing there. There's no anchor store
Well, they're like big. They're the main thing. Huh? It's a mall
Well, when you go out of town to
You go to a mall. No, I mean, I take that back in Amsterdam for example. There's a mall
I'm trying to think what's all the name. It is
At least they have a big one of the big chain record stores in there. I mean, they need the big chain record store
Virgin spec. Okay. It was the only virgin in town in Amsterdam with the record store
But they're out of business. But anyway, there there's a big shopping mall there. They used to be some kind of a big
Palace or something and that's a neat place to go see
Yeah, but I mean, I wouldn't consider it as a tourist destination
Now, I will say this like in Vegas, Caesar's and the NGM just to name a couple have these huge malls within the hotel
That's just a part of uh, well, yeah, but there's a great the big shopping mall in Vegas though is so what's the name of that to the fashion
Something mall now you probably never win there because you weren't there enough uh long enough right that is one sensational mall
They'll just have your ordinary pedestrian stores. They have like these old collectible store
There's one of them and it just some really nifty stores in there the fashion something mall in Vegas
So that's one of the places you would go, but the sawgrass mills mall there's there's nothing to attract you there
I mean, they've got a couple of food courts and they got
Name me one thing they got there that you would go to see
Maybe
Besides a bunch of people who can't speak English you don't need to go there to see that huh? I'm done. I don't I just don't get it
WQ I am
Yeah, I like to add something on it was let go ahead uh the swap shop
Ha ha ha ha okay, okay, that's the end of that and then I still need a press in the swap shop
Huh? That's one of our fine sponsors in the past
Yeah, but he's entitled high he's in town. What was his opinion?
I mean if I was a tourist coming to town unless I was a french Canadian
I'm not so sure I'd go and smell the elephant dust, but it's uh than if he played
huh
It's a nifty place for the people who live in town and know where the bargains are at the swap shop
But there you go. See that guy's probably from our third channel, huh? You've had out of town friends come to town. I take it
yes now would you tell them to go to the swap shop for the smell grismals? Would anybody tell them? No
Okay, I wouldn't come to go to the brouwered mall. I wouldn't come to go to day land. I wouldn't tell them my daily
uh... any mall go to the strip shopping center as a as a matter of fact you
know i was in the eatin center the other day here on the weekend
don't say the series and i think i said sorry center
uh... and
that there's no more in south Florida like that it's like three floors three
stories
or for me i'm not really sure it's huge gigantic
there's not a mall in south for anything like that not even close
and they have a lower c-court in their two
uh...
don't ask okay
that you can
and you hear that yeah that was that telltale sound we were out of that
that you can't have
uh...
that it you know i'm
i got a lot of free
that that that that that that that's all they care about is that time
all of me so one chic last night
from a distance and you know something i've been or even his cheek
stunchie
there was a stunchie
what is the cheek in that's
every q-a-m
meal
yes sir
a specific place i would say is uh...
the mike i bet you could also say south beach
or even the homestas
daily yeah okay well one okay thank you mike my kai's excellent good choice
mike i is
overpriced
years ago used to be fun that's a long time ago back in the seventies i'm
talking about my kai used to be a lot of fun still was overpriced
and if you like those fruity uh...
pollination drinks which i do can be to many more
or drink them
mike i said the choice
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty let's eat joe stone grabs in the
early voting is going to first place
choice i'll say this though about the mike i
yeah because we were there a couple years ago with the uh... costello family
and yet was over by costello family would show in june
and there's that pussy on tv
and when you come here is going to stick in your hotel room that was like
it's one of the portion i do all the time i mean i love to on them but uh... i'm
a homebody
has nothing to do with the stars are any house
yet get out of here you pussy me out there's pay right yet about fourteen
home runs last night text is beat the uh... blue j-16 to eleven in front of it
but not what they thought it would be but a big crowd
is a pussy state in this hotel what kind of a thing is that to say for
that it's making twenty five million dollars a year it
you know comes to a town it's already hurting desperately because we got this
blemish blemish all over because of that Norwegian bitch from the who
she didn't even know Roger daughter that bitch
that's right
he won't even let her go on stage with him
what's almost her name grow you saw her didn't have a real book in a region
woman it's ahead of the w-w-h
and so he comes here and he adds fuel to the fire by saying all he's going to
stay close to was hotel he won't be going out there yeah you've only baloney
pay rod and of course everybody all the sports they're done qm just suck his
ass guess what he's not going to give you any of his money
he's not going to share with you all come on now
won't do it
wqa m
yeah i want to add nothing to that list about tourist
go ahead sir
base side yeah man away from base side man
ain't no place to be okay thanks
see it they said he's right i've been there a couple of times i don't know what
big attraction is there either
i mean if you're going to go to a place and it's a tourist destination there has
to be some excitement there there has to be something really riveting great
restaurants great fun places great the things to see great you know follow what i'm
saying i get it that's what it's got to be
so far we got Disney World Bush Gardens Joe Stone Crabbs Rascal House Key West
Song Rasmills Mall Marlon's game who is it says that OJOR Rose always said
the marlins and the big uh he says that too because he talks
spanish baby talk Orlando Elzagiri if you haven't noticed i'm sure you have
yeah the marlins swap shop the my kai and base side
you think Preston Henn is going to be upset because we put the swap shop
finder no he won't he he's got a great sense of humor
and don't forget he and sheriff Nick one at big jackpot in Vegas that time
and he's got a cool hat
as cool as uh miss grudgery nobody's got ahead as cool as mad
mad grudgery she's got the finest fedora i
ever seen and full of crap who i should
point i look at all the lines we're just ringing and they just went out
it's i'm having problems are you overringing here
oh and they just came back yeah the lightning could be hitting in any
number of places oh well just came back better grab WQI m
hey Neil yes sir one add to your list go ahead uh places stay away from
Mount Sinai
good choice excellent choice i could tell if my gallbladder operation
now we're not putting Mount Sinai on it we're right don't get carried away
but that is a good choice stay away from Mount Sinai especially if you want to
do that gallbladder thing oh it's a piece of cake
everything's a piece of cake right how's fat boy doing this he's still alive
probably did not get an update today i bet you anything he's listening on his
little transistor there no questions hospital that huh
i'm sure he is that's okay fat boy we'll assume you're doing okay and uh
let us know otherwise if you die let us know hey and pali
we don't wish you many bad but just to stay away from us five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line QAM hello good morning i go
meal however yes man i'll tell you one place that uh to avoid
this sorry assy aquarium this fish in there i swear they look like they'd
rather be at the lobster house
i mean that poor whale in that in that little in that little gold fish bowl
i went there with my children and i just wanted to cry
that place just go free the fish that's what i'd say
free the fish free the fish baby that's like what it like poison thanks have a great day
bye bye she's uh absolutely right it's not what it used to be
yeah how about the parachungal how about it i know they moved didn't they
they moved that thing yes they did i'm not putting it down let's somebody
suggested because i've been there in years it it was fine many many years ago
last thought i was there it was fine in fact i can think back to those days when i'd come to
south Florida as a tourist and that was one of the places we went to was parachungal and i think
the monkey jungle right it was also fine somebody suggest little havana and i would certainly
write that down i'm writing real fast little havana got it i mean unless of course you happen to be
one of those tourists who enjoys here a lot of people running around going if you enjoy that
then by all means had immediately for little havana if not stay the hell away well you can't
always get that where you're from a bigger print
joe stone crabs is definitely says this fact here overrated and i tell all visiting
friends to avoid it like the plague my number one place to avoid is key west which is on the
list phony overrated over priced crowded wall to wall obnoxious drunks you can't even smoke a
joint in the privacy of your own hotel room and the cops are major assholes it says i recommend
marathon to friends of mine to one of his at the keys but i can't say i didn't warn him
they go to key west that's why key west is on my list even though i've never been there because i
don't again i don't know what the attraction is see new Orleans and key west the bigger attraction is
people get drunk and it's i could be wrong but it seems to me that south Florida certainly got
ample number of watering holes you can get drunk anywhere you want including right at home you don't
have to schlep all the way on that little narrow highway to hell to key west you know you got a lot
of fags and a lot of drunks and a lot of drunken fags and then you put that together when you got left
huh you tell us you can't you go to south beach and get drunk and see a lot of drunken fags and
otherwise sure but there's a problem that closer than going all over schlepping all the way to
key west with all due apologies to our friends down here in key west i bet you we had a lot of
people listen down there at least maybe we can get back on a key west station once got the tower
going to play it down on the ground 10 13 at five sixty wqm if you're desperate for some real cash
if you want to get a job that's going to give you a big fat paycheck every couple of weeks
here's the way get yourself some training at fast train get the started a new high-paying
computer job and in just for sure at months you can be having a real career and a real big
impressive paycheck call fast train today at one eight six six fast train they offer you
convenient day evening weekend classes you can check them out in the web if you'd like at fast
train dot com and get more information about the great training they offer you so get out of your
dead end job quit working for peanuts call fast train today they got locations in Miami kindle
pimmer pines for a lot of it also because they're all over town is bound to be one convenient to
where you live and be sure and register at fast train dot com to receive your free american flag
bumper sticker as well wave that baby in the breeze proudly pick up your phone and call fast train
today at one eight six six fast train and be sure and tell them that old Todd Dreck told you to call
my and look all this is for trade oh by city
you
wouldn't give south florida a major blowjob not all mustards were created by pac America
that's why you should try a brand new weren't told to hate
i don't need but do you have a grain of the pot and pull on this
that moves out high because they're German and ghoul is well they're Jews
i got no we right here i think you'd find a self you take your coming mustard it
fill it up your ass boy so in view of the seeding hatred you embrace fringes will now be called
the freedom mustard yes mr president i love the one of plan come together
freedom mustard for the great taste of hate you know i think both of ryan screwed up on us
though i think he mislabeled either that or got the wrong disc and the wrong thing you think
that's possible no and oh i do not have the wrong disc and the wrong thing
because that's i mean that's a fine bit you know especially the part where he talks about the
mustard and old Jews or something get that one old bitch upset but that'll see that's the wrong
or cut i think he's got to mix up with i don't think any of these match it's kind of like mix
and match in fact some of these might even not have any bleeps in them let's play some of those
and see how they come out huh oh wait let's go back to number one which is supposed to be f
doctor Laura or dower bitch on right that's right number two is supposed to be 20 blears
how do you like that one the hell oh that's my favorite book of bribe bit of all time
number three is supposed to be wore with a happy face huh that's your as hell is an ass
what is that this is uh
I don't know, maybe it is the wrong disc.
It matches what I have on the label, but that's okay.
It makes it more fun that way.
Here's the fact that it says,
did you see the news last night that Texas Wildlife Officer
dragged the alligator that was alive down the road
behind his pickup truck?
It said this was unreal,
the gator was rolling and fighting.
This guy should be brought up on criminal charges
and thrown in jail.
PS it says, probably is related to GWV.
I guess the statute didn't hear about when Laura Bush
was speaking at Gainesville and said,
Can't beat that gator meat.
I guess you didn't hear about that.
567, Sergio says, how about Kai Ocho?
I think that's a little event, isn't it?
Right.
It's on the Ilian Museum.
Well, when we build the Ilian Museum,
I think that would be, in fact, can you imagine?
Lots of tourists would go see the Ilian Museum.
We can have a little, we can have some of the rappers
from the happy meal at the daddy bar.
We can have some of the old beer bottles from Lazaro.
Yeah.
We can have some samples from Marist Risi's ass.
I have a great column here, boy.
This is the winner today on our website.
A lot of great ones on it as always,
but this one's the winner in my humble opinion.
It's not that long either.
See, I don't wanna start it right now,
because then I'll interrupt myself and I wanna do that.
I've learned time myself reading these bed times.
There is, you don't wanna get up against a break
and then I'll have to interrupt your important stuff.
Operation Medium and Opal-E Freedom.
I'm gonna read it in a few minutes by Nancy Snow.
Statement by Nancy Snow to the FCC Public Forum
on Media Consolidation.
She's the author of Propaganda Inc.
and Information Wars.
She's Assistant Professor Communications and Journalism
at California State University,
Edgent Professor at USC's Annabelle School for Communication.
So she's got just some schlepper
that came off of a banana boat somewhere.
She's got some pretty heavy duty credentials behind her.
Operation Medium and Opal-E Freedom.
And the timing of this is great because
coming up on June number two,
that's when the FCC is gonna put the last nails in a coffin.
And the Republican Party is gonna put the last nails
in the coffin of any possibility ever
of any diversity in radio or TV
or newspapers for that matter.
That's gonna be the end.
Wonder what Alan Greenspan thinks about it.
Households appear to have become somewhat less apprehensive
about-
Say how do you like that?
He's got something to say.
Same old tired crap, you know?
What the hell did that?
He must really be loaded.
It's no-oho.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Yeah, he's got all-
he's got money that hasn't been printed yet, right?
He's married to what's your name from NBC News?
What's her name?
Do you know the one I'm talking about?
The one that's always on Eat the Press?
Oh, yeah.
I can see or I can't think of her name right now.
That's bad.
Somebody will tell us.
What Florida tourist destination would you tell your
opt-town friends to avoid, like to plague?
Songrass Mills Mall 27.
Joe Stone grabs 18.
What the hell is her name?
It almost just came to me there.
Rascal House 13, Key West 10, Disney World 5.
Little Havana's got up here.
Two for Little Havana.
Ain't good to eat, Blitz.
Bush Gardens got one, Marlins Game 1,
a Swap Shop 1, and none yet.
None for the My Kai, Bayside or this Equarium.
Out of 79 votes.
There'll be some more coming.
Guaranteed on that.
WDQAM.
QAM, hello?
Nobody there?
Nope.
Maybe there are dancing in a rain with Martha and
Abendellas or KC WDQAM.
Going once.
Oh, man.
Oh, there's nothing.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, there was nothing happened.
I got real panicky.
This thing's acting up now.
See that?
Oh, I'm Mitchell.
Andrew Mitchell, thank you.
Thank you.
He's wearing an Andrew.
Well, that's why they were all caught.
See, I can't get this thing.
I can't get it off.
And the phone, really?
Well, no, it's just.
WDQAM.
See now it's going back to line two again.
This thing has all screwed up.
Now there's nothing lit up here.
What do you mean by that?
I mean, there's nothing pressed.
Third is three.
Hello, three is pressed.
I don't, I didn't press it.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
Isn't it the forum shop?
The one down from Feesers.
Is that the one you're talking about?
The forum shops?
In Vegas, that mall.
Oh, that's it, right.
That's a graveyard we've been in there.
But you got to have at least five grand before you walk
in the door.
Yeah.
Not only is there a real nifty place, but very, very pricey.
You have to go in with like some of these credit cards.
OK, thanks.
Forum shops and Andrew Mitchell.
I'm having a bitch of a time making this damn phone thing.
See, they get right out of the hole.
And right away, everything stops working again.
I don't think it's a coincidence either.
Now, what kind of a flunky moron are they
going to bring in now to replace Julio?
Do we know where they're just going to let that job kind of float?
We don't know.
Uh-huh.
Probably somebody that couldn't make it for the sales department.
Who would like to be?
Line 9 is always dependable.
Dominic QA, I'm Hello.
Yes, I speak to Neil, please.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Listen, did you have a little satellite TV?
Did I have a little satellite TV, yes?
Yeah, do you have a little satellite TV?
Yes.
You need to go to free speech TV, 9 415.
Well, I don't have that here.
And I don't have that right here.
No.
I had that at home.
Yeah, at home at 7 o'clock, you can watch free speech TV.
They'll tell you exactly what's happening in the United States.
They don't want us to know, like just Jessica Lang's story.
That was a fake.
That was the boost morality in the United States.
Saving private Jessica?
Yeah.
They said that they interviewed the doctor.
They called the army.
Yeah, we had that on our website on the website, like 10 days ago,
that it was all stayed.
Yeah.
One of them runs out going to go see the people and look in their eyes.
The ones that he wounded.
No.
And have a great day.
OK, have a great day and say how to Randy.
My vote says this factor for Bayside, one of our most chronic factors.
Also, the pirate jungle since we opened in June or July,
knew it improved.
So we can't put that on there.
In fact, that might be one you'd recommend.
Go see the new and improved.
Also, Ricky Tiki went off big time on the Dixie Tix today,
who says he's not a Nazi.
Ricky Tiki went off on the Dixie Tix.
What the hell is the Dixie Tix got to do with the magic?
It's a lie.
I am not a Nazi.
It says does magic play the Dixie Tix?
No.
So what does he wish this time?
Oh, don't tell me that they got to him too.
OK, they must have looked under his cap and done a lobotomy.
It's a lie.
I am not a Nazi.
God, that's tragic.
OK.
That is so sad.
Well, I guess he's going to have to go off on Bruce Springsteen too,
because he was pissed off about the way that everybody came down on Dixie Tix.
It's strictly a polycrab.
Like I said, Ricky Goshron never impressed me too much.
1026 at 560 QAM.
My life and look all this is 420560.
Way to go, yeah.
Get, baby.
R. Kelly, he's known for his seductive style, his suggested lyrics,
and for having relations with underage girls, which means now all of his songs are inappropriate.
That's why jail mate records presents.
R. Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits with inappropriate tunes like,
Oh, man, is that ever inappropriate?
And that's why it's called, R. Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits,
with improper favorites like, Bump and Grind.
Yikes!
It's R. Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits.
You'll ask, what is this per thinking?
When you hear completely inappropriate songs like,
Sex Me, your body's calling,
Down Low.
And is most recent inappropriate hit, Ignition?
Come on, R. Kelly.
She's not even old enough to drive.
So, she'll have to get a ride from her mom to pick up a copy of,
R. Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits.
Hi, my name is R. Kelly.
Please buy my new CD,
so I will have enough money to free the country life from up to ESC.
Thank you very much.
R. Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits,
available wherever records store owners have no scoop with lots of weapons.
1031, I bet you'd enjoy a shopper in Virgin Records, what do you think?
Shopping?
Avoid Metro Zoo, and Lion Rippoff Safari, I mean Lion Country Safari, it says.
Well, let's put those on our Metro Zoo, Ron McGill be upset about that.
You ever ridden of the Metro Zoo?
No, it's a matter of fact.
Neither was I.
How the weather hell, it's way, way down there.
It's a slut.
Been there years and years ago.
And it was fine, I mean, I was a little kid, but it was fine.
Well, what the hell would you know?
I mean, even now, what do you know?
So, back then,
Metro Zoo and Lion Country Safari,
and I know is what do we got so far?
Sog Rasmus, Mal, 30 people,
say they would tell their friends to avoid it like a plague.
Don't go there.
22, say, little Havana.
22, Joe Stone Crabbs.
14, Rascal House.
10 Key West.
Everybody also for on single digits.
Single digits.
Let's see, what's on the agenda today?
We got a one o'clock to mad dog, usual schedule.
But then a tree from a sure list, take two,
it's our buddy.
Because Hank Subzziplunchin has guts on the Derby, I guess.
He's in Louisville,
and he must be doing like other things.
Man.
Josh Freeman at seven o'clock, Georgia's favorite fat guy.
Not.
Marlins on deck at nine,
and Marlins in the diamond backs again.
Did the Marlins win that last night?
They were at five nothing.
We don't know.
Don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
Marlins at the diamond backs, nine, 35,
the night game time.
Or what is that all about?
Is there a, what kind of a schedule?
Oh, any K, holy cow.
It's going to Vegas.
So he must be on route.
So the big O is going to be on the night.
Too much of the big O on lately.
And Mark Eisenberg back to back two to six.
Boy, that isn't quite a quinella.
Oh, the big O followed by Mark Eisenberg.
You know what that's called in Broadcasting?
It's that.
Test pattern.
Operation Media Monopoly Freedom writes Nancy Snow.
This was her statement to the FCC public forum
on media consolidation.
Washington DC is the in the liberating people
in other countries have at these days.
Mr. Cops, we the people of the United States
could use more than our own fair share of liberation
from our media oligopoly.
About a month from today, June 2nd,
the FCC is expected to substantially relax
the regulatory cap on how many TV stations
in a single company may own.
Right now, rules bar American broadcasts
are promoting TV stations reaching more than 35% of homes.
They are likely to be raised to 45% coverage.
Further, it's very likely that rules will be lifted
to the limit the ability of broadcasts
to buy second TV stations in their markets,
or borrow cities and newspaper and broadcasts station
from merging.
While the FCC has been holding a few window
dressing public forums across the country,
the real decision making regarding the new FCC rules
is being made between the few existing media companies
and a government agency with appointed,
unlected officials.
The FCC will do what is politically expedient
while the public interest will continue to be talked
about in newspaper editorials and college textbooks.
How do I know this?
Because of what happened with the Telecommunications Act of 1996,
when the public was left completely out of the discussion.
Brian Lowry, media writer of the LA Times,
has stated that the new FCC rule changes
affecting consolidation and ownership of the media
is tremendously underreported,
perhaps the most underreported news story of our time.
In fact, the consolidation story is being reported,
but not on the front pages of our newspapers.
It's in a business in finance,
sex and newspapers, and broadcast industry publications
for only those in the know and industry insiders
follow the subject.
We, the people, have become water liplens be wilted,
heard, and are forced to function like the angry mob
at the gates or the proverbial peanut gallery,
occasionally whining that nothing is on to watch,
but we know not where to turn for help
so we just keep watching.
And by the way, no one in this room
is bothered to address the addictive qualities of television.
Jerry Mande wrote about the insidiousness of TV
over 20 years ago in four arguments
for the elimination of television.
It's truly ironic that as we sit here
today discussing American press ownership,
the U.S. government's rebroadcasting,
Dan Rather, Tom Brokhan, Peter Jennings, and Iraqi TV
to show the Iraqi people what a free press looks like
in a democracy.
Before we teach others about democracy,
we might try practicing it here at home.
Media power is political power,
and one of the public is being left out of this
major decision that affects all of our lives.
We've been asked to sit on the sidelines,
keep shopping, follow the NBA playoffs,
or watch Must-C-TV, while the corporate mega-media
and their appointed friends and government
cozy up and bring us anything but the democratic landscape
of information and news we can use.
If democracy is about vigorous and antagonistic debate,
full of a wide spectrum of voices and opinions
were hardly their brothers and sisters in Iraq.
We have less than a handful of media
who bring us all our news and those news sources
that bring us the news are increasingly dependent
on their close ties to official Washington
and other corporate sources of news.
Our 24-hour news cycle requires constant feeding,
which advertising and publicity pre-packed sources of news
are only too happy to nourish.
In the federal government, the largest public relations
of vision is inside the Pentagon,
where government public relations specialists provide
Monday through Friday feeds to the national media.
Embedded reporters didn't just accompany the military
to the Middle East, but they also sit regularly
for pre-arranged briefings from Donald Rumsfeld,
Tory Clark, and Erie Fleischer.
In a corporate media environment today,
the best journalist is increasingly the beautiful journalist
who understands that symbiotic relationship
between official channels of information sources
and the news story product.
Long gone are the days of independent journalists
like George Selva, who would have gladly been kicked out
of his first Washington press briefing
in exchange for the neighborhood going on back home.
Just last week, a little truth emerged from the fog of war.
MSNBC journalist Ashley Banfield told the gathering
of students of Kansas State University that the American people
didn't see what happened after mortars landed in Iraq
only the puffs of smoke.
There were horrors completely left out of the war coverage
in the US. What we did see was at what advertising
converging media and official sources of news
won us to see a non-stop flow of images
by cable news operators who wrapped themselves
in the American flag and go after a certain target demographic.
It was, she said, a grand and glorious picture
that had a lot of people watching and a lot of advertisers
excited about cable TV news, but it was not journalism.
Nancy says, I teach in a college of communications
where journalism concentrations are all but dead
while advertising in public relations concentrations
are thriving. Why? Because students are wise to the fact
that the news businesses where the jobs are not creating
the next mural or crank height. They know that broadcasting
used to have a clear mandate for public service
that's been lost in the fog of consolidation.
Try telling someone that the American people are the real
landlords of the broadcast airways and that broadcasts
are enjoying rent control, person, see what kind of looks you'll get.
We all know the truth of what's really going on here.
When President Bush assured the Iraqi people that
the Iraq's oil fields were properly owned by the Iraqi people,
I couldn't help but think about that other hot rhetoric we hear
so often that the American public owned the airways.
We're sick of empty promises. Everyone in this room needs to carry
around the following statements and organizing principle.
The airwaves did not belong to the broadcasters.
They did not belong to the advertisers. The owners of the broadcast
airwaves by law are the people of the United States.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed
citizens can change this dynamic we will.
And it's the best advertisement we can have to a rack Afghanistan
or a place else about what a truly free and liberated
people's media looks like. Nancy Snow, professor of the author
of Propagand, Incan Information War and professor of communications
and journalism at California State.
Good column, Nancy. Nice going, sweetheart.
Right on target, baby. She's better come on.
All spin all day. That's with the American people like
Nancy has been cut in the middle of a dryer of a war or
war-shing machine. All spin all day. They run at cycle
and they can't get off.
5.670560, pound 560 on the 18 and T line.
What Florida tourist destination would you tell your
out of state friends to avoid like the plague, like a
Saras Pit, 156 votes so far in the pool?
Song Rasmills Mall is leading as a place to avoid 36
little of Anna 31, Joe Stone Crab's 23, the Rascal House,
14, Keywise 12, the Swabstrop 10 and Disney World 10.
I'll tell you one thing, you know who should avoid
the Rascal House? Yeah, I don't know.
The Beast. The Beast. That was the end of him.
That's what put him over the edge with us and probably
a lot of other people too. I guess he's just practicing
on being an old antivore, but I have a bad news for him.
If he continues with his roadtunned ways, he will not be
around to be an old antivore in South Florida or any
play-sense. Just a little word of warning, okay?
From some federal tub, who knows, which being me?
21 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM, I cannot believe that brand
issues will be celebrating the 25th year in business this
year, but they are. Any independent family, shoe store
at any market that sticks around at longs got to be doing a
lot of things right, and they are brand-eats. They continue
having more and more people come in over and over again
because you can't beat their deals and their service and
their selection too. They offer you the top brands in the
shoe business. They got rock ports, echoes, Mephisto,
Timberland Clarks, SAS floor shim and lots more, and whatever
size you got a teeny tiny foot, you got a hard to fit big
fat one and a foot too. They got men size of 6 to 15, women
5 to 12, and width from the very, very narrow to the very
wide, like a platypus foot. And don't forget their professional
sales staff, no speed inside and out, they'll make sure you get a
perfect fit every time. And with over 40,000 parents stocking
their 8,000 square foot megastore, you can bet, get these
life on it that they got exactly the period you're looking for
in the size you need. So treat your feet right at brand-eats.
Shoes 1290, North Federal Highway in Palmano Beach open daily
99 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5. And right now, a great time to shop
brand-eats as a select group of women's style naturalizers are
on special sale, take 20 to 60% off. Stop Interface at Brand-Eats
on their website at brand-eatshoes.com.
I am the local, this is 560, the radio's on your town.
QAM.
It's time for the W-U-A-M beauty and the Beast Contest.
Let's meet our Beast Judges, start him with the illustrious
and the winner is Betz-Lorette number one.
Okay, Beast. I am the Beast.
You're a little toyed behind that curtain as you think.
Is it going to be Betz-Lorette number one or Betz-Lorette number one?
Let me say number one.
I had figures, he can't think we're all that fat, you hear?
Wait a minute, oh you're only a part of me. Give me a minute here.
I can't think, I... number one.
Take up your mind, move your feet up, move your feet up.
All right, Beast, meet your mystery date.
Sport hole radio program director, Clarence.
I was hoping you'd pick me.
Well, I always thought you were trying to cute.
Maybe later we can talk about sports, you said sports.
Stop it, Clarence.
I am the Beast and you're mining my arm.
Stop it.
All right, you two more than heads like it all.
Get in the back of your head.
What formal?
Grasio, one, you moron.
Now my guts are to escort you son and date to the crazy horsey horse stripping.
Here we are, kids.
Go ahead, I got time.
Hey, switch off the brawl.
It's a cake, club ball.
And the mother, it looks like a Hollywood's anneal.
Is the meals audience?
Ah, that, that, backstab and ice mug up.
What the?
Sport.
I can't hear you, use it to that.
What was that?
Sport.
What?
I said sports.
Sports.
Oh, I don't know what it is.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
1044-560 WM.
How'd you like to do a little free Tony Burr thing I dropped in line there?
Is that what that was?
That's all Tony's saying these days.
He's kind of embarrassed by the last month or two that's all you see.
Theater of the sea.
I don't even know what that is somebody should be either.
Theater of the sea?
Never heard of it.
It says it sucks.
Should we put that on it?
Do we know there's really such a place?
Theater of the sea?
Oh, I'm just going to hold that one off to the side.
Okay.
Hold it until somebody can verify.
Somebody who hates the monkey jungle says the monkey jungle.
I'm not going to repeat what the rest of it says.
Oh, that's, that has been a big story over the years down here about that gorilla.
About the gorilla they've kept in solitude for 30 years.
I'm not going to say that.
But anyway Steve hates the monkey jungle.
We're going to put that on a list monkey jungle.
We got it.
That's the owner boy trained monkey jungle.
That's right.
That's where they keep most of our audience.
What the hell was that?
Well, I said this day.
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
Well, that's because I had an on cue and on here.
That's like a double double.
Let me try that one more time.
I like that.
Oh, that was good.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
One million pounds for Neil Rogers.
He's in the his out in Verizon Wireless line.
WDQ I am.
Hello?
Hey Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
I have one to the list here.
Uh, pompe and opeer.
The pompe and opeer?
Yeah, the fisherman's war if I didn't want to say the name, but it's just, it's.
What does it really call?
Fisherman's war?
Well, that's the restaurant right at the pier.
But just that whole little spot.
It's definitely the armpit.
Pomp and opeer.
We got it.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Let's go there and take a long walkoff.
For short, worth 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless line.
Little Havana's just moved in the lead, George.
Oh, is it?
Can't imagine why.
I think there's kind of a turning point in everybody's life today.
You know, we finally got Toronto off that list.
The sun is shining here.
We had that great book.
Let's do it again.
Let's give those numbers again.
Speaking of numbers, where the hell is muff?
What is that girl doing, huh?
Is she back into the door knobs again?
Probably on his way to come in there, but keeps banging into the door knobs on a way to the hallway.
Come on, my, let's have those damn numbers.
They're requiring minds 1 and 0.
How about 9 to 10 hour turn out?
How did the noon to 1 hour turn out?
I bet you all those right wingers are hyperventilating.
God forbid that we actually beat Lardass again, which we just about always do and have for many, many years.
Remember that one, Simmons, about, oh, there's no way that Neil Rogers could beat Rush Limbaugh.
Right.
This after about 15 years, right of doing it every hour and every year book.
No way.
Somebody QAM?
Hey, you should put on the polis, Jimbo.
Jimbo's?
Yeah, Jimbo's that little shrimp place by on Virginia key.
That's a tourist place?
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Well, when we put Alabama jacks on there while we're at it.
There you go.
How about the shorties?
The Burger King of 40th and 87th.
That's a good one.
The stay away from there.
Oh, man, don't want to go there.
No way.
No, how?
I'm not going to put up a billboard.
Stay away from that one.
567-0560, pound 560.
I love the way the audience reacts to the poll question.
Anybody that knocks our poll, man, you don't know your poll.
Because no matter what the question is, it's always something else with about 50% of this audience.
I wonder what Tony Blair would say about it.
Yeah, probably.
W-Q-I-M.
A-L-A.
Yes, sir.
Hey, can I talk to Neil?
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
First off, the theater of the seat definitely blows.
There is such a place.
What is it?
It's like the seagrass and it's down near Holiday Island in the Keys.
Okay, it's on our list.
And I don't know if anybody said it because I just tuned in.
I'm just catching up here.
Is there coral castle, I think?
Coral castle?
Yeah, and now like that place, if you built it, it's down on Bixie.
Yeah, I know Bixie.
I mean, down on Bixie too.
And it's on the way to Keys.
And it's touched?
And homestead and it's, I don't know, some guy built it for some lady to make some castle for, but she never showed up.
I'll be back.
Okay, we got you down, man.
Thanks, everybody.
It's a curiosity.
Coral castle, you used to take field trips there in school to do what?
It's a curiosity.
One little guy like four feet tall, built it all with his bare hands.
Oh, what's another place in Miami that the Veskaya didn't they?
Yeah, down or something?
No, it's still there.
Still there Veskaya?
Yeah.
What the hell is anybody want to go there for?
Right there.
Huh?
Weddings?
Veskaya, put that down on list two.
Okay, because they're always making a big semi-sub-ab Veskaya.
See, really when you come right down to it, what the hell is there to see?
Is there like a really great museum?
No.
Seriously, what is there to see?
See this?
I do see that.
We're going to put Coral Castle on?
Yeah.
Coral, what do you mean?
Are we going to put on theater or the sea?
Pop and O'pear and Coral Castle and Veskaya.
That's like this for you.
Better move fast, man.
Don't forget we got a short show today to only know when we have our big noon to one Wednesday comedy bits are, that I'm salivating waiting for.
In fact, I'm thinking the whole hour just playing my favorite new bit that I was going to.
I don't understand what I can't find what this disc is really all about where it's from.
It's just a disc from hell, I guess.
But it sure brought us tremendous amount of entertainment and enjoyment.
That you couldn't get for a twice the price.
5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless Line.
What Florida tourist destination would you tell your honest state friends to avoid?
Little Havana 48.
Song Rasmills Mall 40.
Joe Stone Crab's 28.
Rascal House 17.
The Swap Shop 15.
Key West 14.
Disney World 13.
The Mika in Yine.
The Marlins Games 8.
C Quarium 7.
Bayside 5.
Bush Gardens 2.
And no votes yet, although I guess they just went up for Metro Zoo or Line Countries to Fairy.
And the other ones are going on the other four.
Florida, we just mentioned.
Oh yeah, let's go to the sky, man.
It's going to be great.
Well, what's the place Johnny Versace is a place?
What is that called?
I don't know, Gay House.
House of a dead guy?
Oh, doesn't that place have a name?
Dead Fagria States.
I don't know.
It's most of like Chinese.
WQAM.
Neil, good morning.
Good morning, too.
Main Petersburg calling you.
How about adding to the list?
I already made my vote for Key West.
But how about adding to the list any major league baseball franchise in the state of Florida?
Well, we got the Marlins.
We got the Marlins, we got the Ray Demo-Rays up here.
Well, the Demo-Rays aren't like a real major league franchise.
Well, yeah, they're not, almost minor league, almost.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Okay, you're right.
Baseball sucks, and nobody cares about it in Florida.
And Spider-Man, it's spring training stuff.
What they see, what they don't understand, is all the spring training.
First of all, they play a little tiny ballpark, and a few thousand people fills it up.
And the teams that play there aren't like the Yankees and the Orioles.
The teams from up north and the fans of those teams that are ones that went and saw them.
Is what that was all about.
But the idea that baseball being played in the summertime is,
opposed to spring training when there's still people in South Florida, uh, forget about it.
Tampa, what's their excuse?
I don't know what their excuse is, because the lightning still survived there.
How about those lightning, baby?
They're still alive.
They want to game the other day against the devils.
They're still alive.
They're hanging on.
But I just, uh, for whatever reason.
And like I said, the summertime, it's 100 degrees in the shade.
It's hotter than hell.
Uh, there's nobody in town anyway.
Once Passover and Easter are done, everybody's gone.
Everybody can get the hell out.
It gets out.
When in doubt, they fly the hell out.
Because if it's not 100 degrees in the shade, it's raining and storming and nasty and cloudy.
It's the one or the other from what we just say, like, uh,
the fruit from like the middle of April till, uh, what, November.
The whole Christmas.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T line.
WQA, hello.
How you doing?
Good.
The Everglades.
The Everglades?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, that's pretty exciting.
Okay.
Okay, thank you.
Everglades.
Do people really go out to see the Everglades?
I guess they do.
Huh? Sure they do.
And what do they see there?
Oh, that's right.
They go out and there's a little one of the colors, the airboats.
It's a airboats.
It's a freaking national park.
Oh, come on.
It's half the freaking state.
No, I understand that.
It's a gigantic swamp is what the state is.
Right.
They got egress and cranes and gators.
You have egress?
Agers?
Agers?
Do you know, I was sitting out eating some street meat.
One of my Italian sausages the other day.
And I was sitting like on a stump.
You know what I mean?
All right.
No, and what happens is, because I do the Atkins kind of a thing when I have either a hamburger or a hotdog.
I don't eat the bun.
Okay.
And so the birds come around.
And they sniff around.
They suck around and take a little piece of bread and throw it in the spirals.
He didn't.
And then the bigger bird.
Then the big bird start coming around.
And then there was a black squirrel that came and took a close look.
Now, black squirrel, have you ever seen a black squirrel?
Yeah.
They're beautiful animals.
Well, the squirrels are dangerous because a lot of them have a rabbi.
Three rodents.
Right.
But they are pretty.
And I gave them kind of a dirty look and he hauled ass.
And then speaking of egress, then the big, they're not egress or seagulls, I guess, huh?
You know what they are?
Mm-hmm.
A lot of seagulls here that fly over Lake Ontario.
And then they start sucking around.
It's really interesting that the smaller birds, the sparrows come in the beginning.
And then the bigger, you know, they push all the little ones out of the way.
Well, you're probably used to that.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, all this government bashing sounds like Danny and Jimmy.
Jimmy and Danny.
What are we going to finish this?
The worst over time.
What?
Finish what?
This government bashing.
What are you talking about governments here?
What the hell are you talking about?
You're about to use government, that's your, that's your, that's your, that's your.
The screw on my new two, okay?
Put them in the same damn banana boat and get lost.
5'6'7'0, 5'6'8'0.
We're doing the show mainly about what we're talking to pull out red.
One article there that this guy can't handle.
Maybe you'd like to have one company own all the radio stations, okay, sir.
So you wouldn't be able to call and talk to anybody.
All the calls will be on tape.
They'll all be piped in from people who are just saying,
Ditto, Ditto, Ditto, Echo, Echo, Echo.
Maybe that's what you would like.
You moron, you simple to knew, you idiot.
And by the way, what time is the ball game start?
How about you QIM?
Hey Neil, I went to that Lion Code you saw like two weeks ago.
Yeah.
And when you first get there to give you a CD so you're all impressed and you drive around.
You see a bunch of birds and frogs and whatever.
And you know how many lions are actually in the place?
The whole set up.
I mean, couldn't you smell them in a million miles away?
You could smell it.
It must have been from the eagre.
It must have been smell like eagre, throughout things to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This guy just like Greg, you know running around just like little parrots
beginning to the parrots younger.
That's what we got out there.
The American public are pirates.
I say something on here, then they're saying it about 30 man, about 30 man, you know.
Or maybe it's like, what whatever it is, it doesn't make any difference.
Right?
Right.
How many times, over the years, in fact, that's a good pull question.
What expression was you heard on the arrived show was your favorite?
I'm dying out of here.
Right, which I mean, we didn't originate that, but that drop in was a real collar
who's dead.
Sure, unfortunately.
That's an excellent pull.
Don't you think?
I do.
What's your favorite expression?
Anyway, something, something to chew on.
Right back down so we don't forget it.
10, 56, 5, 60.
Who on the mad dog at one?
Joseph Gackie for the hopper at 3 to 7.
I've known Hank's busy punching on the pick 4 and a pick 6 and pick this.
Hey, olio mitzoth, Joseph.
I'm still waiting for my olio mitz by the way, Skippy.
I just mentioned that and I have the phone.
Did ring this morning, which means he's got some CDs waiting for me down there.
Hopefully CDs that don't sound like that, like that.
And naming my olio mitz here too.
I'm Jones and fork as I'm almost out.
And I'm looking forward to continuing to take olio mitz for my blood pressure
because it's really doing wonders and it can do the same for you and a lot of your health needs.
Olio mitz contains the best olive oil that money can find, not just ordinary olive oil,
but super concentrated, loaded with all kinds of good health benefits for you.
Olio mitz, every day in your pus, can help produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus, there are 14 different olio mitz formulas from which to choose.
Each one combining the finest olive oil, like I said on a planet with vitamins, minerals, and herbals,
to support specific health needs from your bones, to your blood pressure, to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas for what you need and now there are three new olio mitz formulas.
One to help your sleep, one to help you control that weight, and cell Q10, which is coq10 for your heart.
Maybe the most important one of all. You'll find olio mitz public secrets, wall greens, whole food markets,
Navarro, is sedanos, order it online if you prefer to olio mitz.com or if you want to get more info about their products
and what they can do for you and where to stick them, call them tool free at 1-866 olio mitz.
That's 1-866-6536-3633 for better health, start popping some olio mitz and your pus today.
Dine on the end.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
The spotted market will be soren once your mother art is worn in its time for a hallowed burden to get busy.
They are nervous folks, very nervous, which they have every reason to be given.
We're sitting in Bloomingthaw violently, still giving his past bravery, and standing up to the right wing, Burbupagans, and the media horror is given that all he probably knows and gives his brilliance as a writer and reporter.
Even Miss Sludge, who had yet read a word on the book, but reports on it anyway, let's let the Bloomingthaw's book is detailed and written authoritatively.
A good guest given that the Clinton Wars is nearly 600 pages long, and given that if anybody's got the facts to explode the lines of what happened five years ago, it is sitting in Bloomingthaw.
Now, where's the release date on this? I don't see that. I don't see it either looking.
We can find out online, huh? You can buy it online. That's what this thing is. It's this order in advance copy of the city Bloomingthaw's The Clinton Wars at 30% off with the print.
You might not just go to Amazon.com. That's the easiest way and you'll find that on the room and tell you what the release date is.
560560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. Hello.
Wishing lunch, fellow lunch, fellow.
WQAM. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir. Just an addition to your list if you don't already have it.
Oh, yeah. Jungle Queen Cruise.
Jungle Queen.
Operates out of Waterdale.
I've heard of that.
Yeah, it takes you to the Seminole Indian Village with the fat Seminole's Russell, the old drug alligator.
I hear that's where a D-Fo wrestles with this conscience. That's what I'm hearing.
Okay, thanks a lot. We got it down.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Jungle Queen. You got it. Beenervoy. We got it.
Get it.
Don't forget to join George, Miguel, Bokobrine, and Beenervoy today. Happy our five-seven at Treasure Island located right off the Palmetto.
Just north of the 120-second street exit. Stop out of wind.
Some of our usual very low-budget QAM prizes.
And enjoy drinks, specials while you're there. And maybe you'll get lucky too.
Maybe a Bokobrine will take a shine to you. Or at least his head will.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the eight. Is he there yet?
No.
That's right. He don't show up till like next hour.
Next hour. Right.
Well, when he gets there, it's gotta be my fault.
I have to have the wrong disc and the wrong one of these things.
But it's really interesting to hear.
That.
Maybe it's a bit and we just don't know yet.
WDQAM.
Doggy line QAM. Hello.
May 20th.
May 20th. The book has been released.
Like I said about a month. Just a hair under a month.
I'm ordering me like several advanced copies.
I wonder if it talks an air about the Mac Grudge sending George Flowers roses.
WDQAM.
QAM.
Yes, sir.
Hey, yeah, where it's safe up then.
It's raining pretty hard. I've got to get my hands on it in the wheel too.
Yeah, but the reason I was caught was watching Bill Marl last night.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I had all the crap there.
And it showed one thing, you know, stuck out that you said that, you know,
if it wasn't for the Democrats, everybody was coming at tack us because of the craziness
this guy is doing, you know, this Joe Bush guy.
Joe Bush, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, but, you know, there was one black kid on his.
He's saying the same thing that, you know, you said a few times that, you know,
that, you know, the trying to impose all this right wing stuff on everybody
and the rest of the world doesn't do what they do, and they're wrong and all that crap.
I was against that, maybe the good guys in the bad guys.
It's the Cowboys and Indians all over again.
And said, Wild West, GW Bush, my teller, to give me that 10 gallon hat and my six shooter.
And let's go out and take over the world.
You're either West or Augustus.
Yeah, this thing that they're doing is business of well, what kind of pressure can we bring?
How can we penalize those people that go along with them?
Whoever heard us such a thing, it's kind of like, well, the thing with them,
it's kind of like what I was just talking about with the media.
We're all supposed to have the same opinion as them, and if we don't, then we're the enemy.
We're all supposed to have the same opinion as Limbaugh and O'Reilly and all these other right wing assholes
and Sean Hannity, and if we don't, then we're the bad guys.
Whoever heard us such crap, and this is what we're exporting to Iraq or anyplace else in the world,
this is our idea of democracy that we want to export, like the column I read before,
said, why don't we start doing it at home first before we try exporting it?
Let's get it right at home.
Operation American Freedom, that's the one I want to start seeing.
Oh, and speaking of that, I don't want the whole hour to slip away without just mentioning.
No one will read it.
City Council, because more and more of these cities are voting on this,
City Council votes to consider joining opposition to Federal Patriot Act.
This is in the Arizona Daily Star about Tucson, Arizona.
It says Tucson could be the latest city of question the USA Patriot Act passed by Congress in 2001 that expands the ability of law enforcement to track and trap terrorists.
The Council voted Monday, four to three along a party line split Republican Mayor Bob Walkup and Council members,
Kathleen Dunbar and Fred Ronstett opposed to decide in May whether to join some 83 other cities across the country,
and expressing concerns over whether the zeal to catch terrorists has overridden civil liberties,
which of course is absolutely correct.
How do you like that?
Council member Steve Leal, a Democrat who brought the issue to colleagues at the prompting of a loose coalition of civil libertarians in Tucson,
said the great irony of the act is that in trying to strengthen the country, the road's core values.
The pay-peed act may create a systematic, systematic climate of fear by dividing Americans, Leal,
said among the concerns he cited, the act allows wiretaps without probable cause,
and allows monitoring of religious organizations whether there's any indication of criminal activity or not.
It's kind of that business about, we think you're going to do something illegal, and don't mess with us.
We'll listen in, we'll watch in, we'll check with VNOTA Unice, and we'll do whatever the hell we want.
Sounds like fascism to me, I could be wrong on that, that sounds an awful lot like creeping fascism.
Wonder what Tony Blair thinks about that.
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, 12 minutes past 11 a.k.w.am.
If you're in a dead end job, if you're just at the end of the road,
if you just can't get two nickels to rub together like poor Beenerboy,
the answer for you is you get yourself some training and get you in a great new high-paying computer job.
Call fast train, they'll get you the training in even just four short months,
and you can really say goodbye, say go to hell to your crappy boss, okay?
Tell them to drop dead, stick it.
Flip them to the bird and just walk out that door with your chest,
puffed up like a peacock, and head for a great new job.
Call fast train 1-866-FAST train, they offer you convenient day-evening weekend classes,
and they got locations all over town so it is bound to be one year by you.
They're in Miami, Kindle, Pemberpins, and Fort Lauderdale.
Check them out on the web if you want more information about what they can do for you at fasttrain.com.
And don't forget, register at fasttrain.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker.
Call them today, toll free 1-866-FAST train, tell them that old Neil and Todd Dreck told you to call 1-866-FAST train.
You see my pen, Lord?
This is sports radio classic?
You way up.
This is Ward!
Not as pedophile?
Well, I just heard the news today.
I asked you out.
You said no way.
The weekends here.
I'm all alone.
I'm morning now.
And grab my phone with home, I don't feel.
And then I close it up and down.
Routine, thank God for fasts of leading with home, I don't feel.
I'm 14 at 560 W.A.C.Y.M.
This is kind of cute.
The Roman Catholic Church in Keto Ecuador suspended a fugitive priest with that budget.
A fugitive priest on Tuesday after he was accused of leading a corruption ring at a local customs office, the Custa Country 10 million bucks.
The Reverend Carlos Forase, who was named head of Keto's customs office, as part of an anti-corruption drive in 2000,
due to his honest reputation in political connections, has been missing since last week when police sought to detain him for his alleged role in a corruption ring.
And it goes on with all the glory details.
A Belgian lawyer is planning to press ahead with the war crimes lawsuit against US General Tommy Franks, despite American anger.
The suit brought by 19 Iraqis accused the general Franks of war crimes during the Iraqi conflict.
Lawyer Jan Ferman, who's acting on behalf of the Iraqis, described a plaintiff's victims of cluster bombs and a US attacks on ambulances and civilians.
We have a very specific case with specific evidence Mr. Ferman said, I don't see how they can reject it.
The case will be presented in court on May 13, including evidence which have been gathered by Belgian doctors working in Baghdad.
Mr. Ferman said there were 17 specific incidents in which US soldiers and commanders had violated the law.
Oh, that's got to be a mistake, I'm sure.
I think we just had bad aim like that Chinese embassy we bombed that time.
We just every now and then have bad name, friendly fire, a fairly friendly fire, hostile fire, etc. All of these things.
Which Florida tourist destination?
Would you tell your friends out of state friends to avoid?
That's our poll question at any of Rogers.com.
We got down near 300 votes, 291.
Beanerboy is impressed by that.
Always not impressed by the fact that she's a little Havana, 76.
See, we could have put Kaya Ocho, but that's such a short term thing, you know.
Right.
As opposed to like little Havana in general, which I'm sure is considered to be a tourist destination, right?
I guess for people most speaking English, people want to see Meris Grisi as his house.
Want to see this 10-year-old kid, 19-year-old kid, she married?
A little Havana, 76.
How old was he, 19?
Well, let's take a look at him.
Let's see what he does look like.
Maybe he's got a...
Bracko!
Even better than Tom Swallowing last night on...
...Saugrass.
I mean, on the...
That's not real.
Now, it was a good show.
It was a very good show.
All the way.
I have to wonder how come there's so much kryptonite floating around.
I know they had that meteor shower.
Scads.
Are we going to get to see Tom Wally take a meteor shower?
I'd be impressed with that.
Because we didn't see much last night.
And spread it out.
Breathless, hypervading, and some really desperate queens.
I mean desperate people out there.
We're going to get to see Tom Wally's ass.
You know, like that.
I mean, anybody get excited about what they showed there last night.
Has really, really got a serious problem.
Desperately needs to get that search party and find a life.
Find something alive to touch.
That's not connected already.
Little Havana 76,
Sogras Mills Mall 50,
Joe Stonecrab's 34,
a very respectable third place,
overpriced, overrated.
I've never been there, but everybody tells me that.
Everybody in the other.
Because I don't like stonecrab.
So why would I go there?
Right. Well, they have other food as well.
I understand that.
But I don't...
I'm not going to shmere anybody to go and get in.
I'm not interested in one of those plastic places
where you have to know the May to D.
I'm just not into that whole scene.
They treat people like cattle.
What do you mean like the Rascal House,
which is a little ways down the list?
Joe Stonecrab's 34.
Have you been there?
Joe's?
Yeah, twice.
And they treat you like cattle?
Crap.
Well, who the hell?
Who the hell?
Nice, but that's only because the guy that I was with
ended up like shmereering the guy, a hundred bucks.
Right, very good.
When in doubt, shmere them off.
That's the way you do it.
I'll see Swap Drop 23,
Disney World 21,
Rascal House 21,
tied with Disney World.
I'll tell you one thing.
I sure rather go to the Disney World again.
I've been there a many times than the Rascal House.
I wouldn't go to the Rascal House if they paid me 50 bucks per bite, you know?
Would you?
Would you go eat there?
I've never been there.
You have never been to the Rascal House?
No way.
Okay, I'm going to tell you that story again.
All right.
Key West 19, Marlins Game 18,
Mike High 11,
Bayside 7,
Sequarium 7,
Lyoncutter Safari 4,
is that safari.
What is it?
Bush Gardens 2 and the Metro Zoo 1,
out of 301 vote.
Places to tell your friends
who are coming in from out of state.
Stay in a hell of a way.
Now,
so I'm working 8 to midnight at W.I.N.Z. many years ago, right?
All right.
And at midnight, very frequently,
my producer and I,
whoever my producer have it,
we have to be at that time.
We'd go eat.
Even at W.S. News,
when I did 8 to midnight,
see this is one of the reasons that I'm fat,
besides being a fat slum.
But you don't eat at midnight.
Not a good idea.
But I've to even work in.
I mean, like, yeah.
Like now.
I work 9 to 1 when I get done with work.
What a clock I go eat.
So many, many times we go to
lums or somewhere,
like, or wags.
I loved wags.
I don't care what anybody says.
Wags wasn't gourmet,
but it was open 24 hours.
And the food was like several levels up from Denny's.
It was about 20 levels up from that.
It was just fun.
So anyway, I had been doing my
hellendale thing and a thing with the old Jews.
It was getting on my case in sunny Rosenberg.
And talking about the rascal house and about the old rascal stuff
and the pickles and the stuff in their bag and stealing the silverware.
And so I was challenged.
I was invited to go eat at the rascal house after work this one night at midnight.
Okay.
All right.
This is an INZ.
So about there in the Carroll City.
Get on a Hershey highway.
Drive up there to North Miami Beach and go over to the rascal house.
What is that?
183rd and Collins?
Okay.
Something like that.
Go to the rascal house.
It's about 12.30 in the morning.
It's just still fairly active in there.
In fact, this is one of two stories.
The last time I ate there, which was after this, I believe, they shoved me in.
And here's a guy with like a t-shirt and tattoos sitting next to me.
He was sitting close enough to me that he could have, if he would have had
SARS, that had been in big trouble.
If he would have had like herpes, I could have caught it just by him breathing on me.
But anyway, so this other time we go in there.
And here's a table right next to us.
And there's about a half a dozen college kids.
Well dressed.
Nice looking couple of girls.
Two or three guys, whatever.
And when they're well dressed, they obviously were coming from some kind of a party or some kind of a, you know,
they were dressed fancy, not sloppy.
No jeans, but like, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
So the one kid is having whatever he's having, he has a glass of orange juice.
So the waitress comes over and she brings them the food and she puts the orange juice out.
And then she accidentally knocks the orange juice over.
Yeah.
Now, I've heard the story.
I've heard of this.
The orange juice is running over the edge of the table out of this kid's nice new freshly pressed pants.
Okay, white pants.
And it's just, and of course it was a big glass of orange juice.
It's like we'll have it.
You know, like about a half a gallon.
And it's rotten.
And she stands there and looks and says, ah, sunny, that should be your worst problem.
And she took her sweet time and going to get a rag or whatever it is she brought.
Sunny, that should be your worst problem.
I think it's stories like that is the reason that I had never bothered to go there.
And you know, something that's probably one of the bitter stories.
Although I did eat it pump or nicks once.
Yeah.
Oh, same thing.
Same deal.
And it's not, and of course there used to be in my mind a chicken and a yoke thing.
Like it wolfies on the beach.
It wasn't so much where the help like this in the beginning or the waiting on the client's hell over the years make them like that.
And in my mind now there is no doubt.
Right.
That in the beginning they may have all been very nice people very considerate the people working in these restaurants.
But after putting up with a clientele for a certain period of time, they just became inseparable, hateful, uh, psychotic lunatics.
I really enjoyed the rat maze that they make you go through before you leave to make sure that you can't sneak out the one that takes you right in front of the cash register.
Right.
You know, with the turn style and everything.
Uh-huh.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the 18 and 10.
And yet when I say that to certain people, they become outraged.
They're just indignant that there's anybody who's not in love obsessed with the rascal houses.
So this is the place you must eat in South Florida.
And I have one reply, one very short three letter reply to them.
F.
Not just to the food, but to the entire experience.
You must miss the rascal house experience.
WDQ I am.
Uh, nail out on that list.
And those are day cruises we got in those rip offs that take you out in the middle of nowhere and steal your money.
Yeah, well, something mentioned in the jungle queen.
No, I mean, I don't know if the sponsor year started want to say the names.
Why not?
We got to have a snapshot on here.
We got to have a snapshot on cruise and the other one that day cruise.
See, yeah, he got a shipwreck.
Every time they sing that jingle that shipwreck doesn't sound too good, you know.
Okay.
I'm not really sure what that word was.
What?
Now, do that work what I just did?
I don't know.
How are we supposed to know?
I think you're pardoned.
560, 0560, 0560.
Well, if not, Tom Jekker, I'm sure we'll have to smell one way there.
That's real assuring.
How are we supposed to go?
Well, great.
WDQIM.
I'd like to have a name for the list.
Yeah, go ahead.
How about Dave County?
That's excellent.
Very good.
It's perfect.
That's the best way the whole day.
Who is it?
Who do you think it is?
George?
No.
George is small potatoes.
You want to talk to George?
Hey, listen, I got something you can help me with.
Yeah, I bet.
How old are you?
What's the result?
About 1992.
There was an article that came out on a man's magazine, like a maximum, didn't exist back then.
But it was 500 reasons why not to vote for George Bush.
Yeah.
I can't find it anywhere.
What does that have to do with how old I am?
Oh, not the point.
You were a little older.
You might have remembered it.
Like, George is like 25 or 10 years ago.
George is 25.
Yeah, I'm 22.
Okay, so he's been around a hundred and twenty.
12.
One second.
I was trying to find it.
This thing don't work.
Oh no.
No, I just, I'm trying desperately to get the cut him off.
Don't work.
He's off.
He's off now.
Let me try one.
It's not that I'm lagg apparently.
This, this ain't working.
See, and it went on.
This is QA, I'm yes, sir.
This is not going to work, George.
What is that?
You see?
Oh, it did work.
He I got rid of.
It's just a lag.
We're, huh?
It's a lag.
No, no, it's not a lag.
We're having some spastic problems here today,
which is very enjoyable.
We're having a good time with it.
Right?
I'm sure it's the thunderstorm.
Is that what it is?
I'm just making up excuse.
You sure got a spastic phone situation?
I'll tell you that.
I'm sorry.
I'll tell you that.
I'm sorry.
You got Dave County on there, being her boy?
We got it.
Dave County.
In fact, not just for people from out of state,
but people in state, avoid Dave County like the place for locals too.
Yeah, avoid Dave County.
Of course, the good thing is the Rascal House is in Dave County,
and so is Joe Stonecrabbs.
So you can kill three birds with one stone there.
You can vote all three of them.
And then of course, uh,
Lion Country Safari.
Now where is that?
Uh, up northish.
I forget exactly which county in Broward.
No, no further.
Point Pumbi and one of those.
Yeah.
Metro Zoo, that's in Dave County, the monkey jungle.
We didn't put the perch on here anyway.
And for good reason.
Now I like the perch on here, and it's going to be new and improved and open again.
Don't be knocking in.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM on a really spastic Wednesday.
Just the way we like it.
We're going to QM, the more spastic, the better.
Little Havana 91, Saga Rasmills, mall 57, Joe's 42.
Little Havana's pulling away.
Thank you, Dave.
Just the way we like it.
And of course, the little Havana, there's some more overlap with Dave County, right?
But if you put Dave County, then you get like a bargain, you know, right?
You get a whole bunch of extras all thrown in for one price.
Speaking of a great price, that's what you'll get when you go car shopping in hell with Pontiac GMC.
And right now our good close personal friends, Tom Lehman and Joe Alpriato.
I've got some special Neal deals waiting for you.
Neal Rogers, listen to this out there.
Neal deal number one.
Get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neal deal number two.
Get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock.
I'll say it again because it sounds too good to be true, but it ain't.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock right now, this moment, at hell at Pontiac GMC.
And Neal deal number three.
If you're currently a GMC smart leaser smart pie customer, and you'd rather than a Chevy Blazer or a GMC GMC,
your old Zbavada, why you are releasing a new Pontiac or GMC and get an extra $1000 off the price.
And while you're at hell at one, I take a spin, go out and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix as well.
Hell at Pontiac GMC, they're unbeatable.
They've been in that one great location 35 years because they treat you right, no hack pressure, no BS,
and they give you unbeatable deals too.
They're at $134,01.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.
That's on US 1 right across from the falls.
If you want more information on these Neal deals, just call.
You know now the Neal deal hotline tool free, $1,885,344,211.
That's 1,885,344,211.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.
But whatever. I'm here to tell you that everything is going well for Saddam's Republican
God and we are this close to defeating the great infidel Americans.
Once again, they are not even in Iraq.
They're not even close to Baghdad.
They have not gotten closer than 100 miles to Baghdad.
Oh, you shite.
What happened to the lights?
Probably just someone with a gas grill didn't look in that bright or something.
Nothing to worry about.
Nothing to worry about.
Baghdad is safe.
And we, the army of the great Saddam Hussein, are here to protect you.
Don't worry.
That's not gone fire that you hear.
That is firecrackers.
That's crazy.
We celebrate Chinese New Year.
Crazy Chinese people here in Baghdad.
Not to worry.
You are safe.
I know that the large vehicles passing by with the gunfire behind me.
They look like America tanks.
They're really ice cream truckers.
Saddam, bitch.
Getting out of the car.
Look at this.
Fuck it.
I'm going home.
I can't leave this.
You're not there yet, huh?
Because I can't leave this.
I'm going home, home, home, home, home.
Number 32 at 560, TV job offer for former Iraqi Information Minister.
Do you see this?
Yes.
An Arab TV news channel is offered a job to Saddam Hussein's top spin doctor,
former Iraqi Information Minister, Muhammad Saeed Al-Sahab.
Sa'hab will be here.
In fact, he'd be great on Fox News.
Talk about a great spin, Master.
Sa'hab will become a global celebrity for his persistent refusal to admit that US troops
who were in Baghdad has been told by the Dubai-based Al-RbO channel that there's a job waiting
for them.
We see no problem in having Mr. Sa'hab join us.
First of all, Sa'hab is not on the list of the 55 Iraqis most wanted by the Americans.
He's not in that tech of cards.
Anyone international famed during the war.
We would be happy to have him on our team.
Ali Al-Hedithi.
They head of Al-Arabia to the AFP.
During the war, there'd be spectacle Sa'hab won fans worldwide for his in-your-face defiance
as US and British troops swept through the country in their gravity-topped Saddam.
He's dropped out of sight since US forces took the Iraqi capital abruptly ending Saddam's
24-year-old rule.
Even President George W. said last week he had stepped out of meetings in Washington to
catch a few of Sa'hab's daily press conferences.
He was great pushed to land DC television.
How do you like that?
Even the Bush-Mistar himself couldn't help but let out little chuckle every now and
then like like that.
Oh see this is bad.
No wonder we got to give clear channel all radio stations.
Thanks Lynn.
Clear channel communications, Inc. the number one US radio station owner.
Today posted a lower first quarter profit.
Oi!
This is probably why we had to let go Holy O too because of the fact that Beasley is probably
reading the crap or because of clear channels losing money you can imagine.
Oh brother.
Posts that are lower first quarter profit is flat radio advertising and a weak live entertainment
promotion business offset the strong outdoor ad business of cheap channel.
While clear channel managed to report flat radio revenues against the backdrop of the
Warner Rackets promotion business was stung by weaker concert ticket sales with no blockbuster
tours to match last year's cross-be-swill nation young and Billy Joel and Elton John concerts.
Which Billy Joel and Elton John, you notice that canceled their Toronto Appearance
there.
Assholes.
There's absolutely nothing going on here and I'm going to say it again a rod and pay
rod and Elton and Billy Joel and all you other pushies out there shame on you.
Like sticking the daggers sticking a focus.
Isn't that what the information minister just said something like yeah.
San Antonio Texas based clear channel reported net income of $71 million dollars a twelve
cents a share compared with a year ago profit of 93.3 million or 15 cents a share.
Excluding one time gains the company posted a year ago profit of 12 cents a share.
And on and on it goes about clear channel in arrival infinity which is owned by Viacom
posted a 2% decline in revenue one of the weaker performing units of the Viacom family.
In February clear channel warned that war jitters that already begun to curb ad sales and
forecast first quarter a ebit.
If you know they use that on cbc I don't have any idea what that means ebit.
No.
It's like a new term they made up for earnings before they put in the funny figures.
Got it.
Wow.
That's that's holder fundraiser for a cheap channel.
What do you say?
Huh?
Let's raise some money for PD Bulger and all those poor bastards over to our cheap channel.
We could have a telephone and come in the second of June when they own every guy then
radio station and TV station and gas station in America and every newspaper and every billboard
in every place else that they can spew in a right wing propaganda on behalf of the very
people who are empowering to do these things then they can watch those profits go off.
Yeah.
Because once you don't have any competition anymore it's kind of hard to lose money.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 t and Verizon line.
Have any Q a.m.
Nobody there.
See now that it's working out they don't want to talk.
Have any Q a.m.
How you doing?
Good.
Can I get on with you?
You're on right now.
Oh, okay.
How you doing?
Topic was racism the other day.
It just goes to show the level of intelligence on the morning show.
It has nothing to do with sports.
The topic it was racism on our morning show and most show?
Yeah.
Topic was racism.
I just merely had the comment where I said that the unfortunate part of modern day society
is that if you were to really analyze it the most racist people are the Afro-American
Thor does.
He didn't seem to understand that and he called me to me.
Why are you telling me this though?
In other words you're making the same call to me that you made him.
Are we talking about racism on this show today?
No, no, no, no.
I just had a vent because I was so frustrated with this man the way he is veering and the way he thinks.
But I just wanted a vent and this guy's a go to the lolly.
No, see that was worth it.
Well, there you go.
Well, he seems to keep coming back to that topic over and over again.
Seems like he's obsessed with it the moment.
Oh my God.
Dave Barry about the guy.
No, no, no, no.
It's not going where you think it is.
Okay.
A friend of mine recently gave me a Dave Barry book to retell me it was hilarious.
The book's topic is on politics and Barry goes on and on about the comedy that comes from our city
county state and federal politicians.
He talks about how funny this is that these Cuban fascists running our county and how hilarious the alien debacle in 2000 election was.
I don't think there's a goddamn thing funny about a corrupt government being run by individuals who have no respect for human and civil rights unless they belong to the right ethnic group and hold certain opinions.
It's tragic and pathetic.
I nominate Dave Barry as one of the leading assholes of the community and told my friend Dave Barry can stick the book up his asswear and pull out his house.
How do you like that?
One thing most sensible people believe about Dave Barry.
He's an asshole right.
See, there's another state of mind from South Florida.
Rascal House, Joe Stone Crab, DeForge, Dave Barry, all a state of mind.
Dave Barry is about as funny as cancer than he can't.
He's about as funny as popping a gigantic purple grape-sized hemorrhoid.
Here's one and you know something this is the only response I've had about Jerry Williams passing away.
There's something wrong.
There is something very, very wrong.
I realized that he was on with me and WNW West in 1980, it's 23 years ago.
Most of the people listen to those back in those days are probably dead by now because Jerry used to joke about our ancient demographics.
He was really a very funny guy.
Jerry was known. He made his career even though he was a little devious and backstabbing.
But he made his career based on the real heavy-duty political talk in Boston and Chicago.
But when he came down here, he said to me, be down in the afternoon, what was 100 degrees in the shade.
People wanted mostly fun and games to keep it light.
And he was right. He was absolutely right.
And I should, in honor of his passing way, I should tell Jerry Williams through about the last night in town.
Yeah.
About the robbery in our building. I've put it that.
I will tell you that in a minute.
Anyway, subject Jerry Williams yesterday when you mentioned the passing of Jerry Williams, the name stirred my memory.
This is Robin Pennsylvania. You probably heard him on DB and he obviously did because I'm reading ahead.
It was that until you mentioned Bill and Dolly Banks that hit home.
It's been more than 20 years since Jerry left WWDB in Philadelphia for Florida.
At that time, he was my favorite talk show host.
He had a firing techno-guff style much like yourself.
That was back in the days when there was a healthy mix of left and right level conservative talk radio hosts.
Unfortunately, both those days in Jerry Williams are now gone.
Thanks for the memories, says Robin Pennsylvania. And you are as usual.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Yeah, he was great.
He was a great talk show host.
Took on a lot of issues.
The turnpike tolls and massive chews.
I mean, wasn't afraid to take anybody on.
So anyway, his last night at WNWS, he had just had it with South Florida and won any part of the whole ambiance.
And he had an offer to go back to Boston, I believe it was.
And so I'm working eight to midnight.
Now, Jerry was on between two and six.
I want to say it. Two and six was stuttley was on there.
I just love Israel. The Jewish people that the right wing bitch.
He was on between six and eight.
So anyway, it's he's in the building. He's getting all this stuff together.
He's leaving. He's got a few cartons of stuff.
He's going to pack up on his car and head back to Boston.
And I'm on the air. It's like about 830 and all of a sudden he comes to the door of the studio.
Now, keep in mind, this is studio with no windows.
I mean, you think you're a close student like back in the corner.
No exit. No window only one door.
No way to run. No way to hide. No window.
And there was a window in the door though.
And I see his face in the window with look of terror.
I mean, it's white. There's a sheet almost as pale as George.
And he opens the door and he says to me, and I call her.
I was going to say hello. Hello, me old.
My lips are blue. You know, they're old. The end is going on.
And so I shut off my mic. And he says three black guys with guns.
They took my chain. And he's pointing around.
Yeah. And then he disappears.
That he vanishes.
Now, keep in mind that I'm sitting in the back.
And of course, our building, we used to be a beauty part of that building.
And it didn't look like a radio station.
Didn't have a big sign in front of it. It could have been anything.
And so obviously the guys that broke in, they didn't know what kind of a business was.
They were just interested in making arm robbery.
So I'm sitting in there and visions of sure plums are dancing in my head.
Because I got nowhere to go, baby.
I got nowhere to go. I could hide out of the counter.
But they can't hide too long in a room. That's about two by four.
And so I, you know, and I said if I said we're having an emergency in a building,
and with some of them, please call 911 and have them come to the radio station.
And I give the address and load them a road and Dixie whatever.
And to make a long story short, they, they've amused because I guess they finally realized that it was a radio station.
They were winding their way back and they looked and they saw the equipment and the holy crap were in a radio station.
They know money here.
So I brought him in after the break and I put him on the ear and he told the whole story.
And he was still pale.
And so this was Jerry Williams last night on the year in South Florida.
On the way out.
Yeah. True story.
If your Williams dead at 79, nothing in a hero, nothing in a sunset.
Well, I'm going to probably take a little bit too much research in the homework.
In fact, I'll probably call them a Jimmy Williams, you know, just like Rick Casper.
Yeah.
We got such a bunch of bozos there right in crap, man.
It's the perfect place off photo.
You've heard that maggot magnet, South Florida is a crap magnet.
You can almost smell it.
Lavin 42 or 560 WQV, you can almost smell your pool because it's looking and smelling pretty crappy these days.
It's stained, dirty, cracking maybe.
Well, do something about it.
Don't have no mole ugly pool, especially with all these hot days coming up that might not actually be raining.
Hot summer weather is coming.
You want to be different in that pool as much as possible.
So call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille, who are real professionals, not just a couple of illegal aliens,
rather than a beat up rough that our old pickup truck, who are pretending to be pool guys.
This is a real honest degree of this construction company.
Atlantic Marseille uses only full-time employees, not subcontractors, and they specialize in the most incredible innovation at the pool business, Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marseille's been pouring it on for 12 years.
They're licensed, they're insured professionals.
They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond-brighting and do it right.
They'll give you the same price to give the contractors.
They serve North Miami, Broward, Palm Beach, so call Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in town.
They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate.
They also do a stupidest unbeatable job of pool and deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating, and exotic water features too.
You can't beat them.
So for the best job at a price that's unbeatable, call Atlantic Marseille, tool free.
It's 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883.
Diamond Bright, do it right because Diamond Bright is your pool's best friend.
My life and local, this is for 205-60.
Way to way, yeah.
Eisner!
Cindy, I told you not to bother me.
Eisner!
Mr. Mouse!
Are you snapping at Eisner?
Oh, no, nothing sir. How are you?
I'm not good!
Oh, no. What's wrong now sir?
Oh, one of my balls turned black.
Sure you're balls?
My basketball, my garage, it froze and turned black!
Oh, that's terrible.
I'm a big basketballer.
Horrible.
Make the call, Eisner.
What call, sir?
Get a burger.
I ran the paper, she's getting a divorce.
Well, she's separated.
There's some chemistry there, Eisner.
She wants me, I think she was just afraid to make the move on the big guy.
But sir, with all due respect, you're a mouse.
Hey!
Don't tell me, I know I'm a mouse.
I'm hot, though.
She wants me, I can tell.
You're my pinbizer.
Okay, okay, sir.
I'll make the thing.
Oh, hang on a minute.
I said, hey miss!
I am so sick of that song, Remus.
Do not sing.
That song, anymore, Zipity, do not Zipity A.
Happy song, Bob.
It doesn't make me happy, Remus.
It makes me want to strangle you.
Iser?
Yes, sir.
I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing.
Okay.
That's off to you for American Idol.
You're finally putting us on the map of that thing.
Oh.
Way to go, Eisner.
Well, sir, that's actually the Fox Network.
Don't correct me, Eisner.
Remus?
What are you doing, Remus?
Get A. Boss and play a little more.
Don't play the symbols on the phone, Remus.
Frank Simper, it didn't even have to hand balls.
It didn't even land, fan.
It's terrible.
That's right.
They need me, Bob.
Don't play a little again, Remus.
Iser?
Yes, sir.
What are we, Robin?
Well, sir, we've got the bachelor.
Oh, that's right.
That stupid fire steam kid with that pool peat and grin.
No, no, sir.
It's a fire stone.
Ah, no.
Yes, sir?
Don't you correct me.
What's his name?
What's his name?
Fire steam.
No, you're waiting in.
It's fire stone.
You live in all the name of a bachelor.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Heaven's sake.
What's this information I have to read about Peter Jennings?
What about Peter, sir?
He's doing a fine job.
That was a douabah.
Remus, I swear to God.
I will take your hand between my white glove hands and fluke it.
Ah, both are.
Well, I'm under a little stress, Bob.
What's the matter?
It's a naked-dermed patch, do you hear it?
The naked-dermed patch.
It's not smoking, Bob.
You don't smoke, Remus.
Get out of here.
You moron.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Well, Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job.
Peter Jennings is terrible.
He's French.
Well, I actually saw his Canadian.
Uh, uh, uh, is there?
Yes.
What I tell you about correct him?
What is Peter Jennings?
Is French?
No, you moron.
He's Canadian.
He's the anchor of our network.
You don't even know what he does.
Why do I keep you around, Eisner?
I don't know.
Why, Eisner?
I don't know.
You are...
Say it.
You're killing me?
No, I'm not.
And you know what?
Try to get me on that bachelor's shelf.
But, sir, you're married, Mouse.
Hey, Eisner.
Yes?
I don't want to marry him.
I don't want to date those 25 girls.
I just want to serve them!
Leave it!
Look, 48-12 minutes to noon.
We got the man dog of one, Joseph Gackie, for Hanky 3, and then some stuff.
Uh, I'd like to have one person call in who remembers Jerry Williams on that year when he was a WNWS,
or remembers him from Boston, or Philly, or Chicago, or Nellie.
Would that be, Eisner?
Okay.
Well, I mean, let's have something.
Let's have a little something here.
Guy was in broadcasting for about 100 years.
He was a real pioneer in talk radio.
You think somebody out there would have something to say about Jerry Williams?
Did that or anything?
That was that.
Fanfare?
He just died, though.
You don't have a fanfare when somebody dies.
Oh, we can celebrate his life.
There you go.
I wouldn't get that carried away, okay?
WQAM?
Yes, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Nell is asking people to remember Jerry Williams.
Oh, I sure am.
You're on right now, sir.
Oh, hi, Nell.
How are you?
I got a crew up in the Boston area.
And as a kid, I used to listen to Jerry Williams at that time.
He was on WBZ.
Right.
You remember he was also on WMEX once upon a time.
That's right.
And at that time, they used to call it the 10-Dermed Night Ride of Jerry Williams.
And then after that, Larry Glick would come on.
Right.
With his lemonade stand.
Yeah, I was always kind of addicted to radio.
And then I was up in Boston about five years ago,
and he was on the air doing a kind of a...
As you said, he also had a good sense of humor.
Yeah.
He was doing a show where, you know, was very light.
At the time he was a go, he was very against the Vietnam War,
and I was just a kid on 46 now.
Right.
And I thought he was wrong.
You know, at the time, I didn't know any better.
I learned later on what was really going on.
But I remember, you know, in those days,
before they ruined radio, you could turn the dial and you had all...
A huge variety of music and different opinions that's nothing like today.
So yeah, I'm sorry.
Even on the music stations back when we used to have music on A and back before FN became anything meaningful.
Right.
WBZ was a great station in WMEX with Arnie Ginsburg.
You had personalities.
That's all gone now.
There's no sitting on music on FN today.
There are almost no personalities.
All you have is a jukebox.
It's all the same, and it's both mostly the same owners.
The only thing really worth listening to these days is you.
I agree.
So sorry to hear he's gone.
I had heard he had moved down here, and I was hoping he might be on some way down here.
But anyway...
I guess he was living somewhere in New England.
The Thuun or somewhere where at the time he died.
I see.
Neil...
Like I say, I grew up with the radio falling asleep at night as a kid and everything else.
And you're the only one left.
And when you retire, that's the end of it.
That point we'll throw our radios away.
I think so.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Bye bye, Neil.
See, that was something nice.
See, people say you're so negative.
I'm not negative.
I want to say something nice about a guy who was a great broadcaster,
who was a pioneer in talk radio and in radio in general.
He was a great, great broadcaster, Jerry Williams, and had a big pair too, by the way.
He was extraordinarily ugly, which is another reason I like Jerry.
He was even uglier than I am, which is not easy.
So you know, there's no comment?
What?
What am I going to add to that?
Nothing, I'm just saying.
He was a very ugly.
I mean, I'm not going to make him a bad guy.
I'm just saying that when you're ugly, you always really like people that are ugly.
You hang out with people that are a lot uglier than you, right, Carla?
Because if you're ugly and hang out with good-looking people, then, you know, by comparison.
It looked pretty bad.
W-W-A-Q-A-M.
I remember Jerry Wichner.
You know, that was the lineup too, which there was on him midnight.
Oh, boy.
I'm getting back into my corner now.
You see it?
Uh-huh.
What are you going to do?
Mike Winnery, Jerry Wichner, Charlie Capus, Jerry Williams, Dick Casper,
Bill Colder, Bill Colder, Stanmaid, you're not, but he sure looks like it, I gather.
Oh, sonny-hersh.
Sonny-hersh?
Oh, no.
Sonny-hersh, you had to throw that in there and really...
No, it really hurt me.
And here I am, just barely hanging on.
Oh, god.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Yeah.
The time is ticking and I'm taking a lickin' man.
Yeah, how is the old ticker anyway?
It's, uh, my, uh, it's got a good squeeze.
I got a good squeeze.
I'm not sure what he was talking about that asshole.
I thought he was bush over there, Cleveland Clinic.
Otherwise, those Rimmer deals, huh?
Hey, Rimmer, have a great life, okay?
Lose my number.
Just go away.
Oh, no, this is bad.
This is terrible.
Oh, no.
Somebody named...
Why did you send this to me?
This is in such poor taste.
Somebody named Goldie Goldstein passed away.
And so, somebody faxes us the old bit here.
And it says we can only hope Moe is next.
Now, that's bad.
Because it wasn't our Geldie.
Go ahead.
This is Goldie, not Geldie.
See, I know the real name.
And as far as Moe is concerned, I would dance on his grave, but other than that, that's a very, very poor taste.
So thank goodness we had the one guy that knew your wins.
Maybe we'll have one or two more.
What are you laughing about?
Oh, just about that.
About dancing on Moe's grave.
I really would.
In fact, we can talk about raising money for charity.
Can you imagine we could pay that mission to see that?
To raise millions.
Oh, and the phone just went dead again.
Look at that.
This is over the line.
Oh, and I just for a second.
You're having little problems on that end.
WDQAM.
Hi, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
Can I talk to you?
Speaking.
Oh, I'm fine.
How are you?
I was listening to the night that Jerry got robbed.
And it was an incredible or what?
Yeah, and when Richard came out, he made note that he was going to bring the gun in there and wait for somebody.
Remember that?
Yeah, I sure do.
Yeah.
Okay, take care.
Thanks.
Here's the guy with a good memory.
Those were the days, man.
What's there used to bring in?
And I about told that story a million times.
So I come on, tell me his old time radio stories.
I must be on a way out too.
What do you think?
Probably.
But he used to bring in his 747.
Yeah.
It was a big plane.
No, he used to bring in a, what the hell's the damn, the big gun?
What?
45?
Yeah, got it.
No, it wasn't a 45.
A big...
38 magnet.
No, no.
Keep going.
357?
A 35, that's what I meant.
What did I say 747?
Well, my brains are fried now, but I realized I'm on a way out.
And anyway, he used to have it in his briefcase, big silver baby.
And he'd owe every night, same routine, put the briefcase down on a counter.
He'd come in about 20 till midnight.
He used to work midnight till 5 or 6 a.m.
And he'd set the briefcase down off to the side, and he would open it up, and he would pull out the gun.
The 357 magnet, he pulled it out, and he'd pull it out in a way like, as if he were pulling out of a holster, you know?
Yeah.
Like a cowboy, and he would pull it out of the end, he would set it down in a certain spot, just in case.
Right.
Well, I don't know, that was just him, or he would, and in the briefcase, I mean, not on the counter, but he'd set it over in a certain spot in the briefcase.
And the night I had that rabbi in his daughter on, back in the days, I used to do the topical crap and screaming about religion and all this, and I got this rabbi on there, and we're screaming in the Ellen talking our thing and arguing.
And Jerry comes in, it's 20 to midnight.
And the rabbi is sitting there in his daughter, she's not on the ear, she's just sitting there watching the show, just soaking up the amusement.
And Jerry comes in and opens up the briefcase and sits it way down at the end of the counter, and he opens it up and pulls out the gun.
Well, I want to check you with the eyes on that rabbi, bulls-dout, anybody that watches passions and knows the eyes on Mrs. Wallace on Beth's mother that are bulging out of her head.
That's how her eyes bulge out. And he put his hands straight up in the ear.
I can't just hold up.
I'm not making that up into true story. And his daughter, she didn't know how to scream like that, but an audible one, but she let out a gasp, kind of like, yeah, you could tell that she thought the jig was up.
Yeah.
The rabbi shot his hands up in the ear like he had been shot out of a cannon.
It was incredible.
I should write that book. You're right. You should just a little thing. Yes, that I'm telling on the ear. And this, of course, is only the tip of the iceberg.
He ports too late. There's these are only like little tidbit. The abbi ports too late because once you did, it's hard to write your bio.
Yeah. Right.
Once really very difficult. Maybe I'll write it from the other side.
We'll get John.
Oh, I'm thinking of that. I look since I got time. It's a short break.
Got some bad news. One of my barbers died. I put you a long time ago. I found a great barber shop here that are really low.
So come on. Whatever. I think it was last Saturday. A week ago this Saturday. I go in here to get a haircut.
In fact, I'd gone into the first week I came back up here. I went in because I was long overdue for her cut.
And I go out of my favorite barber shop and there's a sign on that were closed for 12 days because of family emergency.
And of course, with everything else going on in town, you wonder, uh-oh, you know.
So during the course of the week, I would every day want to get off the ride, walk over there.
And I'd look and they'd have like 10 people 10 guys sitting around waiting and they're only one barber just jammed up.
And I'd wave to me way back. But I wasn't going to sit around waiting. I just don't have the patience waiting for 10 guys to get a haircut with one guy working.
So to make a long story short, this past Saturday I go in there. I got up real early. They open early in the morning. I go in there.
And again, there's my one and one of the two barbers who always cut my hair. And he waves at me and I sit down and there's a guy sitting ahead of me.
And he says, you know, Rocco died, which was the other barber.
Hmm. He was 65. He had just cut my hair like a few weeks before last haircut I had.
65, it looked like in great health, a real Italian, not a Guido, but like a real Italian from the old country.
And he died.
Bummer.
And if he pressing, yeah, it is.
I don't know. I'm going to go slash my wrist now. Yeah, it was depressing. I'm trying to get everybody into a much better mood and to list up the public into what I feel happy mode, huh?
And my barber died.
65 stroke.
Really? Yeah. Stroke.
I did.
So anyway, I wondered why I'm telling the story. I forgot the whole purpose of my telling you that was the guy that's getting the haircut ahead of me now.
He's talking to the other barber about this other guy.
And he starts talking about death and about, well, you know, my sister told me that she had a near death experience.
And when you go to the other side and he starts describing this whole thing about where you go.
And he says, the first thing all your relatives are there waiting for you when you get to the other side.
Oh, yeah.
I'm telling you the thing on that. I don't want to go there.
And so the barber, it looks at me, you know, because I'm sitting there waiting next to me.
He looks at me like kind of like a nod like, like, like, like, like, like that.
And then the barber says, he says, I guess that all depends on which direction you're going.
That's kind of cute.
A minute till noon at 5.60 on WQM death radio.
Hey, what's Mother's Day coming up just a week from Sunday?
It's a perfect time to repay Mom who spent so many sleepless, excruciating nights waiting for you to finally drag your ass in a house from those late-night excursions when you were young stud screwing around.
Dottomatris has the perfect mattress for Mom. If it's sagging, if it's lumpier worn out and the bed too, then gets you a great new one for Mom when she comes to visit at 1-800-Matris.
That's the number for Dottomatris.
They've got the complete line of the finest mattresses in the world. They've got Sir to see the King Coral Simmons.
You know, Mom's sleeping on something crappy and lumpy, of course not. So they don't put it off another minute.
Nothing's got a bigger impact than the way you feel every day of your life than a great night's sleep.
So call 1-800-Matris like I always do. They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they treat their customers right.
Once you buy a mattress from Dottomatris, you'll never go back to assure them again. I was going to say they treat them with respect.
Remember in fame? Yeah. When he was playing the violin? The boat. He said, treat your boat with respect.
And don't forget when you buy a mattress from Dottomatris, they set up the new one and take away the crappy old bedding for free.
That's right. Dottomatris sets up your new and takes away the soiled nasty lumpy, bumpy old bedding for free.
So this mother's day have Mom sleeping like a baby on a great new bed from Dottomatris.
Give certificates available in all the nominations too. So call right now, toll free 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-Matris for Dottomatris. The easy, the smart way to get you a great night's sleep.
My, my, and look all this is sports radio by City.
We can weigh him.
Hey, I'm Frao, Ili and I'm Ross Lateman. And I like scrubbing my slowly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near rocket from the east hour.
And now your host, Tracy Sleep us out of your mother.
Thank you to be pleased that we are here on the Iraqi Seed.
We put a gun to the head of 100 loyal Iraqi take a, and ask them who picture you have most of in your home.
Slingling them your goat has sounded fresh.
But yeah, your family.
Service baby.
Same family you can still point now.
All loyal Iraqis have pictures of Saddam.
That is correct. This is number one answer.
Most picture of Saddam.
Who would have ever seen such a thing.
Oh, what the fuck? You never put your, that was your mother.
You must be quite into that.
Those kids about this will not be taught at eight.
And he out this game.
Okay, we point the same gun at same 100 loyal Iraqi beat.
And it's only asking these questions.
Who's chief like Saddam? He's out and we out of town. We've got to go.
I'm Sally.
I'm asking you to think about how some starving children.
And not an American, Asia.
Miss Greathers, I haven't eaten in a long time.
Get your hands off.
Can't you see I'm doing a spot here?
I'm for a little, a 15 dollars a month.
Hey, lady, excuse me.
When I got a holly, these red fruits applied into the ship's cargo home.
Touch that, Caledon. And you're dead meat, dog.
Greathers?
Wait.
Give.
And save the world, Greathers.
This has been a public service announcement for Sally Strother,
save the children.
You've seen him on Channel 7 News.
First, as a two bit reporter.
Now, as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker
and Mary Kay Combine. Rick Sanchez sings.
Here are the dulcet tones of the men who brought you crime check.
Rick Sanchez.
Black hooker, right?
Yeah, I'll be giving up.
I'm gonna fire up.
I'm gonna fire up.
Rick Sanchez.
Overgrown, out of fire, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Other service, out of the city, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rick Sanchez sings.
Give me a hug with a bluff, I'm over the cheek of you.
Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face tour over High Lear.
It's one show you all want to miss State for a good one.
Oh, I know you.
You.
Rick Sanchez. He loves his audience.
I accept you as a precious gift from God.
New from Ringo Records.
Satan's baby, sing Billy Joel.
Your hair is my engineer.
I don't want you here, me here.
What's the matter with the chains?
I'm willing to take them off and make you bleed.
Satan's baby, sing Billy Joel.
I should set your house on fire.
Sing this baby, sing Billy Joel.
It's yours now for a pretty girl.
Hello, I'm Sally Strothers.
Today I'm here to ask you to help.
To help save some of the most precious people on this planet.
Won't you please help save the children, actors?
Just $2,500 a day is all it takes to feed and clothes
one of these former child TV stars who no longer have the cute and quirky looks
that made them a flash in the pan.
Sign up now and receive a picture of the child actor you'll be adopting.
And for an extra $50 a day, your child will even write back to you.
Here are a few of the former child actors who need your help.
Todd Bridges, theater billingsley, Emmanuel Lewis and the entire Brady Bunch.
Or if you wish, you can put money in an account that's started for Mary Kate and Ashley Olson
for their first day at the Betty Ford Clinic and to fund their plastic surgery
before their first appearance in Playboy at the age of 40.
Remember for only $2,500 a day about the cost of $5,000 cups of coffee.
You can help one of these former child actors continue living in a lifestyle
they couldn't otherwise possibly afford anymore.
And wouldn't that make you feel good?
This is Sally's brothers for Save the Children, actors.
Thank you.
Radio goods take.
Take this is cut number one.
Secretation man.
Version number two because Georgian like the original one.
Second version.
Secretation.
Woo!
Music
Music
Letters of bands reach to land of turmoil.
Rhymes are to reach American soil.
Yeah, the day is a day.
Prove.
Over-out it's hope.
We bring back the coach guards from the RO.
Secretation.
Secretation.
We give it you a success and a shame that you back again.
Music
Brothers from the stages of the island.
Looking for the little chorus solo.
Yes, we are for a day.
Music, please.
Oh, the way.
I saw they made others even find them.
Secretation man.
Secretation man.
Telling him and you will come to him.
And they're sending you back again.
Music
Music
Music
That is the problem.
Because it's all a door.
Secretation man.
It was a fact.
That's it.
Music
10 past 0 and 560 W. Cummets are
extravaganza that we do every Wednesday noon to one comedy bits the whole hour gives us a nice little hump
And who doesn't like it? I said little hump once in a while. Greg from Georgia got your facts. Thank you Greg
I am demand you're right. This is out of man. Now what he said he said you demand
What Florida a tourist destination would you tell your out of state friends including Greg and Georgia to avoid like poison little
Havana 129
Sog Rasmills mall 66
Joe Stone Craves 49 the Swap Shop 36 Marlins games
33 and they're doing a great job of it of avoiding it. Rascal house 29
Where's problem sunny
Disney World 25 Key West 22 the Micah 18
Base side 14 the sequin 13 line countries to farry seven bush gardens three and a metro zoo one bush gardens is good
Never been there in fact bush garden that'd be a great trip go to bush gardens and then go to the
Bernstake house okay to get the hell out of Tampa real fast, huh? You ever been to Bernstake house either have your oh man
Outstanding fact if there are two things about Tampa that I would tell you were really great
Bernstake house number one in bush gardens is pretty damn good number two
And then of course that great WFLA oh my god
11 minutes past noon at 560 WFN don't forget to join George Miguel Bokobrion and Beenerboy happy our five to seven to treasure around in this afternoon
Uh, just off the Palm Meadow north of the 120 second street exit stop by to win prizes and maybe get some hit I get the some fun
The Panthers and the Heats pick and done they're finished for the season
So as call us basketball dolphins don't get started for another three months
But the good news is there's still some fun and action going on where you can be a winner
Speaking of John Wiener the clearance ever come in and apologize for sharing with the enemy no
Pompadot harness is open for live harness racing three nights a week every Wednesday like tonight
Friday and Saturday first post-time 715 general parking free and even admission is free
So come out to Pompadot Park and join the thrill of nighttime horse racing action
Pompadot Park's got a live horse racing. You want plus thoroughbred?
Highlight and harness race time of casting from all across North America every day seven days a week starting at noon
And don't forget every Wednesday like tonight to Pompadot Park is dollar night for draft beer hot dog sodas and lots more and coming up this Saturday
May 3rd
Pompadot Park will feature some of casting of the run for the roses the
129 Kentucky Derby early bird wagering starts Friday this Friday made two at one p.m
So you can watch wagering join the crowd this Saturday
May 3rd for the Kentucky Derby from Churchill Downs right at prestigious Pompadot Park
Just a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for more in forward directions called 954
972
2000 and of course like I said live racing tonight. It's
Domino at Pompadot Park post-time 715
You're a
Saturday night on CBS eat it is back from the dead. It's the 20th anniversary of all of the family
All rookie dead if you need john jello we
Daddy don't be such a coach
Now whatever happened to my little girl look at this why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe have a salad once in a while
Don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal again with the charity speed
Well, it's true. So why don't you send them the bones from the turkey your head for breakfast?
Yeah
Was pushing on days
Oh
Seems so bad to me
Who is it back there be did push the dead off you can mean it a bee
That's one of your family's where you all in the family Saturday night on CBS brought to you by ibs
Home car respondent school where you can learn auto mechanics
Got me
Get the lubricant for the new millennium get why to k y jelly the personal lubricant for home the car the both or the office lubricate the
appliances
the case on
Grandma's wheelchair
Fallen the baby gun the bow and arrow the white
Old the cat why to k y jelly available at why to came on
Just go
He walks
What
The greeny-filly leaves that swayed round its middle when he walked
What a chubby pair of bat-coys they really like to challenge their people
It's so long that they've had a chance to really see their fear
What is much is hate, older than his galley roll
The biggest waste of flesh, that's waste of your rotation when he walks
Trains round his middle when he walks
Swagy-town is middle when he walks
Trains round his middle when he walks
Swagy-town is middle when he walks
How does he run? None of us fear ya, how can you call us a news
You speak in a language we don't understand
The flying and hiding the truth
A jabbage of lava dew
Mohameda mula bee
Your turban is hanging over your eyes
You'll look like you have a clue
Aljuacirif, it don't appear that you know what thing about us
And your agenda is really quite clear
Paving America, placing you more for secreting the US and Jews
Oi
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down
From the bush cartel that left us all this way
We thought then do, blinds are cold
What's our doom? Has the bombs dropped from the stars
Come far away
Maybe we should have paid attention
A little bit more to the facts we chose to ignore
The price of gaffer's declaw
But I'm afraid that the line won't be very long
We'll meet again with a hold that by the
Civil rights will be restored from sunny days
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down
From the bush cartel that left us all this way
We'll meet again with a hold that by then
Civil rights will be restored from sunny days
Thank you for calling Mrs. T. Toine, I may have to
I just picked up my 92 accord from your life
And that is a huge turd in the back seat
A huge turd?
Yes
And there's one in the back seat?
I'm turd, a big ass human turd in the back seat of my car
Sam, I assure you our guys did not take it down from your car
If you want to bring that car back and we'll take a look at it
You want to take a look at it
My car is fine, it's that big ass turd in the back seat
Okay, what would you like me to do?
I said, okay, how about I go to your house and take a look for your car
How about that?
Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation?
I want somebody to come over here, get this turd out my back seat
That's not going to happen
What do you mean it's not going to happen?
You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it
I am, I'm going to bring it back there, you know what I'm going to do
I'm going to take a dump in every last car you got there
I'm going to pee on your counter, I'm going to do it all
Okay, you how it feels
You know what you feel, I'm a big girl and man, it probably came out your way
Oh, yeah, I don't make it happen to go on and take your dump in the car
How much do you weigh?
Uh, about 400 pounds
That's your turd, that's my turd
Yeah
That came from a 400 pound man
That's a 400 pound man, even that old gorilla
I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office
And I'm going to let the whole world see
You're going to be on the news this evening buddy
I'm going to get seven on my side
Watch, you're going to be on the news
Can you describe the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, what does it look like?
You know what it is, it came out your ass
What the hell is it?
What kind of ass meat?
What color?
I say what?
It smells un-gummed, that's what it smells like
It smells like you stole your ass to the devil
I don't know if it's a hand
Well, how many is it? How long is it?
It's not as long as my arm
I don't think it's fun, why y'all
This is not fun, I got a damn
Too far for it, my back seat
You know, I think it's just a racial
That's what they call it
A little kid is running away from it
I'm going to go find this funny
Oh, okay
You're probably
For the cereal wheel suit, don't you
Oh, all right, all right
How long does it look like it's been sitting there?
Steve is coming off of it, okay?
Steve, Steve is coming off of it?
Yes
Oh, it's me!
And Jim, it's me
How long is it, huh?
I am taking this as a fresh shirt
Okay, what you need to do
Is you need to bring that shirt back
And we'll match it up, we have a lineup
We'll match it up with the
With the other shirts that we have
Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a toy
You're saying I can bring the shirt back to me?
No, you know what?
Is this the sample?
No, I'm starting to like it
You're going to keep it as a fact?
I'm going to keep it
Because it's a nice book, you know what?
It's a nice conversation, please
Okay, cool, okay
Hey, thanks man
Oh, thanks, thanks, thanks, thanks
We dance like sissy's
We sing like we're sissy's
But we must tell you
We swear we're not gay
If you want
These outfits to class
They would kick your ass
We got a mess
We swear we're not gay
We look like candy or designer
We sing like a bunch of pretty whilers
On first day, our agent says we gotta say
We swear we're not gay
Our biggest fans don't swell your old girls
Who think we're as cute as we be
Yeah, but as they get older, they all figure out
We're hiding our late ten-seed
Yeah
One thing
Is for sure we get many
Cure
We do
We do
While our girls are in the delicate cycle
Want to do more session with your vital
But today, we think that we have better sex
We swear we're not gay
I swear we're not gay
You think Nick had his fingers crossed 25 past
Millenet 560 WDQAM?
His legs
Which floor I doubt that?
Not from what I'm hearing
Which floor to tourist destination would you tell your
out-of-state friends to avoid?
Little Havana 140 in a leak of its own man
Nothing even close
Song Rasp Mills Mall 72
Toast homecrab 54
Swap Shop 39 Marlins Games 36
The Rascal House 31
Disney World 26
And Key West 24
Everybody else
Is sucking wind
Hey, I'll tell you one thing
If you'd like something to suck the dirt out of your carpets
Our friends and drag concepts have got a way to do that
It's their exclusive patent to drag the any method
That makes your carpets look just like
Brand new and they also do a stupidest job on your drapes
Your expensive area rugs and oriental rugs
Your leather furniture or poultry and
If you have problem with pet orders or milled-of-waters
Cons about water damage no sweat
The way the little magic wand
And make everything in your house look just like brand new
Like I said they dry clean
And they're the only ones in the world that do it
It's an exclusive patent and method
And the results are amazing
And you don't have to worry about price either
When you call dry concepts
Because they give you a written guaranteed price
Before they start the job
Call them toll free 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071
I've been using them in my house for over 20 years
When you use them the first time you'll understand why
You can get more info about the great work they do
By checking out of their website
dryconcepts.com
Don't forget when you use dry concepts
It's the truth
You can clean today and entertain tonight
My name is Leleville
We're sports radio 516
UAM
I'm John from East Coast Asia
Do you like girl love
You must have me in your arms and best you ran away
You didn't take too long before I found you right or play
You knew each and every day
You hide inside like a bull your body gonna
It's time to find your way
I'm a bull your body gonna
Bull your body gonna
Hey, Mickey, tell me
I'll bet that we're going with on
And when when you speak
Here's no proposition to do something
One majority out is from the fault that where you hide
Hopefully your watcher's on it and make you like a guy
And you're so good
I
You hide inside like a bull your body gonna
It's time to find your way
You're my
Bull your body gonna
Now did you hear what I said over the intercom
I'm not supposed to be talking now
Those in the book
Those in the book
Oh it chops it out
Yeah, it does
That's what you said
I couldn't understand what you were saying
So get some people
Running into the studio while you were doing that
Who the hell cares how many about pretty man
Yeah, so did you hear what I said
We uh no carlostead but none of the rest of us did
I'm talking about me or boy forget about you
Did you get the message about the numbers that I want
I had two of them I heard the two last ones
I was laughing too hard after the big
Fox
And iod got it got it good
Which demo
Hello
Hello
Tell me motor residence
Men's 2554 you idiot
Who is this the maid?
No this is the wife Talia
Praha
I like to speak to Tommy Metolia
Hello Tommy motor residence
Praha
What you gonna do?
Girl
No no Talia
Talia
Let me talk to the devil
Please hold
Tommy
Tommy
Yes
Praha
Tommy
What is it?
You got the phone
Oh
Oh
Hello
Tommy metolia
Speaking
This is Michael Jackson
You lost your job
You lost your job
Hey I didn't lose my job
I stepped down
Oh sure
However you want to paint the picture
Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save
Some sort of face you do it
But you lost your job
You know actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice
What are you talking about?
Michael Jackson
Yeah
And you hear that?
Michael Jackson
Michael Jackson
That's why Mexican wife let me tell you
It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day
But if I gotta stay home with her
Every day I'm gonna go crazy
Michael Jackson
You're getting your justi
Zerks Tommy metolia that devil
All we do is eat Mexican food
Jimmy Chungas
Barritos
Toastitos
I got more gas and ex-sign
And you deserve to have the bloat
Listen Michael I'll resurface somewhere
I'll start another label
Sure you will
So you can destroy the career of other budding artists
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes Tommy we're going to Chevy
Thank you very much
All right
Oh geez
If it's not Chevy
It's T-Cheese
If it's not G-Cheese
It's uh
What's that drive in place?
I don't know what you're talking about
I called to beret you
And all I'm getting is dribble and Jimmy Chenga
No
Admit it
I was the reason you were forced to be fired
Right I know because I'm very very very devilish
Ah
I want to live in America
I want to live in America
You're living in America
All right
Hey look Mikey
I gotta go okay
I gotta take her over to Taco Bell
Tammy
Okay
Tammy you want to come with us?
No I don't want to be seen with you
You are the devil
So at this point I am finding myself
Having some sympathy for you
Uh
Come on come on come on come on
All right all right
I gotta go there Mikey
Let me tell you something
If I were to fart right now
After neighborhood would go up
Oh
Ah
Goodbye
Yeah
Oh
And so we got you
We got another installment of this spectacular
Mojave to David and show them
No no no
We got uh
J.Feedler coming up as a very spatial guest
And uh
After that we got another very special guest
Coming up tomorrow that will be uh J.Feedler
What are you doing, Mo?
Mo?
What are you doing?
Mo!
I'm clippin my nose here
What's it to you?
You just came through a morning show and cut your nose here
Didn't really have to do about it
Ha!
It's my show
I'll do what I want
TOW
Just like I was telling that streaming tank they called a rain
That's not nice
Ready uh me not nice
You see the size of that broadened it
Talk about jumpable
Somebody wants to paint yes or no one are here
The hell is she know about promotions anyway ha?
The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy
Why don't you can eat it and tie her ham
Uh oh
She's back in and out
Yeah
I can smell the prince match him of the belly
You have to go in the air and say those nasty things about me
How dare you come into my place of business
Don't you know we live
Like Alcoa's here
I got enough
You pop this old dead rat hair piece
Where and fossilized met a musical filled motherless
I'll see here fat ol
You're fired
Hey
Where you fast ones
Don't come in me
Oh
I'm gonna fall sick
Oh you're gonna fall sick
Don't live on his face
Take one and crush him
Right
And between my buns
I'm just not here
Good work
Get me
Yeah I'm gonna get you blast up for a shot
And he helps us
Woo
Woo
Ah
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Woo
Oh I don't know what it is about
Now why are there little voices
Or there big nozzles
Goofy hats
Tiny little
Meckles
I don't know they just
They just rubbed me the wrong way
Anti-Semitism
Lips in every speech
Love regains it
In the news
Oi
Hillary hates you
Stewing hatred
Through the halls
Bustin' people's months of ups
It's in the news
Ah
Hillary hates you
Ah
You will catch your life in a moron
Ah
Ah
Gachi must have a wonderful aura
Ah
One cheese pizza
Wanna cry
She could use a good rap
I
It's in the news
Oi
Hillary hates you
Through the halls
Romadonna
Romadonna
Romadonna
Romadonna
Romadonna
Romadonna
Romadonna
Romadonna
Hey
Oh
Oh
Oh
He said
Romadonna
Romadonna
In England
To me
Romadonna
Romadonna
Romadonna
I'm going on my knees
So I can wear
And fly
Oh
Oh
Oh
Twenty-one-two one at five six now I'm getting these other sheets or is this the one you facts me that in no you should have them all there
What do you mean by that I
Facts to the three others. No, when did you do that?
Like four or five minutes ago. Ah one moment, please
Facts him again you screwed up all I got was QA and which I already knew those okay
All right, thanks the other three again because my fax was we go sleeping it's sleeping
Anyway, I'll tell you a great place that'll wake you up the number one Asian buffet in the world the Emerald coast in sunrise
North Miami Beach and their newest location in
prestigious
Pembroke Pines Emerald coast is the perfect place to put a smile on a special lady in your life your mom your wife your
Girlfriend whatever this mother's day Sunday May 11th
Sturcher mouthwatering eating experience with six different soups and sampled dozens of
Sucked in entrees including your strip made award of the gourmet center that sizzling Asian grill a featuring grilled shrimp
Scampy style jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon
Dungeonous crab and ginger and scallions hand carb prime rib and don't forget to check out the new Oriental chicken salad too
The Emerald coast buffet will never leave you with a headache because they use only the best ingredients and no crap
No cornstarch to MSD they cook only in cholesterol for your oils
The buffet the Emerald coast features a full salad bar sushi bar fresh room cocktail too and because your mom deserves it
Emerald coast features a full dessert station featuring pies cakes pastries ice cream about your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well
The perfect ending to an amazing mother's day feast three locations like I told you
Emerald coast is in sunrise pine on a 44th Street
Conons have it or just north of 163 North Miami Beach and if the other section of flamingo and pepper grotesque and pepper pies
So book now from other's a May 11th as reservations are going fast all-size parties are welcome call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 2 2 2
And don't forget take out and live your available to 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 2 2 2 4 a memorable feast anytime the Emerald coast Chinese buffet
My God your breath are beautiful congratulations get alive tired of the same old restaurants try the cafeteria
Centuria of my Leah
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one with the barbecue tail
How much is that doggy on the menu?
I'm sure glad the chef's out of jail
That's right no matter what the weather's like outside
It's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria
Centuria of Hialia will make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbors pit bull stop doing the same thing
Talk about delicious
Your meal is always fresh we kill it right on the premises for a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price
It's the cafeteria centuria try it was you'll leave there religiously
How much is that doggy on the menu?
The one that is fried in deep fat
Please bring me that doggy on the menu
And bring a side order of cat
Walk run or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria centuria of Hialia where we give new meanings of the word
That food it's straight from the Vatican
Introducing new Catholic life the religion with one third the guilt of your regular faith
New Catholic life satisfies your need for Christianity, but it doesn't fill you up with a lot of doctrine
More Catholic life there's no confessions no sermons and no lingering afterlife
It's the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any chances our services are held three times a year
And they're only 15 minutes long plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion
We've dropped that too look for our church mobile in your neighborhood
Hey, you might be in the front view for ye of little faith try Catholic white because a little faith is all you need
Here why videos presents the one-hour celebrity orgasm tape
That's right because no one can go for 60 minutes straight
We're taking 60 of your favorite celebrities and put them on one table President Bill Clinton
Jennifer I'm a poor I'm a killer George Bush
Lily what are you doing down there Ronald Reagan? What did you see your name was again? Oh, I'm sorry. I need to
You
I'm not really
nil
I could tell she was in the dark, so I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees
I made.
There's no bug speaks English anymore.
I went down to my inn and met which weather was nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store but a guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Hortium Beemysus, no one to end up, what does that mean?
Nobody's English had any more.
That cornered derlead.
Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's speak English Millage.
Or you can go back to the Loura.
I came here many years ago to learn my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest, I say pretty pretty.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now, stop making mistakes.
No but I speak English.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
I'm going to be in the middle of the night.
Mike Fallon's audio is racing.
alone there's nothing in his empty zone.
Yes, I do.
I do.
Master Dean.
Tight little island full of gay romance.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
Sundance up to bottom every day.
Blessed with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of pagats in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
Oh!
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen.
You choice of the fags of America.
Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Ramboh Ford 5.
How are you?
John, Ramboh's still alive.
I want to make movies for you.
I'm going to play a Hollywood's joke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Ramboh 2 was in 85 late.
Ramboh 3 was in 88.
Shrew it.
And threw it.
My gun.
I did not make this movie with my son.
And they were saying she was in Rocky 5 and daylight.
The tunnel movie.
A little big cash is what I mean.
I got to get an old from Apollo Creed.
I got to have another head movie.
Or a Broadway show like Nellahean.
I guess nobody ever saw Kathleen.
It was stupid.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to come in.
Oh, I got left this gentle flame in.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Ramboh 4 in 5.
Check it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do dialogue or deep in zip.
I like comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
The only thing I will undo is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be out of opera.
Now I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one-man show in full kept scene.
Basically I'm an unemployed gypsy.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I got to get a mole from the follow-through.
I got to have another head movie.
Or a Broadway show like Nellahean.
I guess nobody ever saw Kathleen.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to come in.
Oh, I got left this gentle flame in.
That's why ladies and gentlemen,
I need to make Ramboh 4 in 5.
Oh, you're absolutely...
Le Bito Bito.
Oh babe, I said a pop it now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I said Le Bito Bito.
Oh babe, I said let's pop some now.
A fine little pill from all the way.
Can help you.
Oh, sex, that's what to say.
From the egg of a chicken that cools, cluck, cluck.
No yolk, it's a pill it really makes you pluck.
Le Bito Bito.
Oh babe, I said a way I go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said Le Bito Bito.
Oh babe, I said let's pop it now.
Every night at 10, you lay like a hand.
Take your pill, then do it again.
Like a Spanish flying Afro-VG act.
And you get used to feathers in the sack.
Le Bito Bito.
Oh babe, I said a pop it now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said Le Bito Bito.
Oh babe, I said let's pop some now.
Oh babe, I said let's give a shit of Russia.
The Middle Easter's world will be exploded.
Saddamit people go with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's growing.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there to humanity.
Right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
At Iraq has sunk.
Fampons of master's destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
Are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
It's a name in law that's but no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacence, believe in every word of this cartel administration.
That control this white bear through me day.
I'm a manipulation and a right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads.
At Iraq has sunk.
Fampons of master's destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, pockets, all are saying.
Lino-pedian cattle don't have any reservation.
Out of provoked, battle, and world annihilation.
Old regime must fall in half a virgin installed with no objection at all.
Then the craft don't have the fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to operate wash pants.
I rack has sunk.
Fampons of master's destruction.
Booth, only I rack has sunk.
Fampons of master's destruction.
Bye bye bye!
The new Roger Show un-fines into the NQA and might be for Lino.
The Cubs start.
