Her girl told police he had sexually abused her for nine years beginning when she was six.
According to a police report, the girl said,
Edwan Jean Jean
abused her hundreds of times, sometimes at his office before and after school.
He abused her in the office.
The abuse ended in 2001 after the girl's mother confronted him.
Jean Jean, GEAN, J, 48 Reson Saturday, his pastor of Emmanuel Lutheran Church,
was arrested the next day.
He was being held on,
bail on 50 counts of capital sexual battery, 50 counts of sexual battery,
and 100 counts of performing a lute act on a child under 16.
Police said their investigation began after a church official called the
state abuse outline.
Lutheran Church officials have been investigating allegations about Jean,
on and off for months at the Reverend Gerard C. Michael Jr.
President of the Florida Georgia District of the Lutheran Church, Missouri Synod.
And it goes on and on.
The usual crap, you know, is an awful lot of this crap going on, man.
An awful lot of this crap going on, and we had about a month or two of her
buddy whipped up about the travel listing priest, and now we move on to something else.
Let's move on to Sammy Socent, his cork bat.
What do you say?
Come on, let's do the whole show on that.
Nobody cares which of these do you care about most?
We're asking the audience.
We got 199 votes.
In fact, I'll refraub it.
So one more, we get 200.
What do you think?
Go ahead.
You think one more, we get 200?
I just refreshed it.
Let's see if we got 200 yet.
Probably not with my luck.
I'd take it one thing.
We're getting a lot of action on this website, you can tell.
Tommy, let's solve it.
I want to see that picture.
202 votes like I told you, George.
Where are those weapons of mass destruction?
God damn it, we want to know.
You find them yet?
Okay, keep looking.
94.
When is Moe getting canned?
50.
A lot of people are very concerned about that, including him, I'm sure.
Is George gay 20?
We'll be telling you between one and two this afternoon.
Will there really be Middle East peace 18?
Is that for RL's real voice 10?
I heard that one guy, the punk called him this morning.
Do you hear that?
Yeah, I did.
He's getting a little bit impatient with those stupid ass crimes.
Three time I've heard you.
It's always my voice, and I'm sick of answering that question.
It's just, it gets so gay after a while for Christ's sake.
Exactly.
Anyway, but 10 people are concerned, is that really his voice?
Martha Stewart gets indicted.
8 people care most about that.
And so far we still have one who cares most about Sammy Sosa uses a corked bat, and it's
on the front page of the frickin' newspaper.
It's on all the goddamn news catch.
If you go and put two slices of bread in your pop-up toaster, when they pop up one of them,
I have a picture of Sammy with a bat on it.
You think so?
I know so.
Here, indeed.
I'm telling you, if you open a bottle of wine when the cork comes out, that's probably
part of the cork that was in Sammy's bat.
As the media once again tries to force feed the public, this is what you should be concerned
about, as the American media once again, although I did see it, and you even had a little
piece there from CNN this morning.
Yeah, on the CBSC Evening News last night, they're finally under enormous pressure, start
ask some of these very same questions, like Papu Cana was asking them that article I just
read only moments ago.
Where is it?
Where's the beef, man?
Where's the beef?
Where's the meat?
And meanwhile, here's Wolfowitz running around, Sam just right on the open.
Well, last week he's talking about, well, we just came up with this, it was politically
convenient at the time to use that excuse to go in there, weapon-domestic destruction.
And now he's saying, oh, it's all about oil.
North Korea don't have any oil, that's why we're not in there.
But what was the expression he used?
It's a sea of oil.
Iraq swims on a sea of oil.
It's swimming on a sea of oil.
Why, I sure hope I kept that story.
Oh, I did.
I know I did.
Well, it's on the site.
Forget about this site, I'm never going to get on that website.
You're obviously going to picture a mole.
I can't get on there.
Oh, I do like this horse meat found in Salami in London.
Do you see that?
Uh-huh.
Well, there are about you animals anyway.
Let them eat their horse.
Note to self.
Yeah.
Watch out what you put in your mouth.
I can't find it.
I can't find that damn story.
And I know I saved it because I wanted to read it again.
The Wolfowitz story.
I got all this stuff here about frogs.
It's raining frogs.
It's raining men.
And I can't find a guy named Paul Wolfowitz thing.
I'll find it.
Maybe I threw it in the Schmidt can with some of that Todd Wreck copy.
That was good yesterday.
I like that.
I threw it away.
Maybe if I took a purple pill right now, it could help, right?
Uh-huh.
I can't hurt.
Well, I can't hurt.
I think I've smitten candid.
So I'll have to during the break.
I'll have to.
Oh, here it is.
I knew it.
See?
You have little faith.
I saw Gaslight.
Don't say what that movie talking in, please.
Wolfowitz, Iraq war is about oil.
I'm going to read it again in a couple of minutes.
Also speak in a Hillary, which I just played that bit.
The publisher of Hillary Clinton's memoir wanted people guessing about her revelations
before publication.
But those plans were spoiled yesterday.
Some of the most colorful details were splashed around the U.S. media.
How do you like that?
Simon and Schuster paid $8 million for Clinton's insight.
Look at $8,000 to Maltz's White House years and planned a media blitz next money for
its release.
But that sounds good for lunch today.
You know, blinces with blueberry.
Oh, that's how good it does.
It's better than bacon.
Bacon's getting, I mean, I like bacon, but it's getting ponderous, you know, like those
movie shows, Evan Ponderous.
Anyway, it says it gave no advanced media copy, Simon and Schuster, because they wanted
her like, you know, hold the thing back.
But late Tuesday, those plans went awry.
Or is that Don Auree who used to play for the Bruins?
I think he spelled it the same way.
Remember Don Auree?
No.
Good looking guy.
Uh, Tuesday, those plans went awry when the AP ran a story that quoted living history
extensively, winning play across the country, all across the country.
Hillary's agony, she reveals, bills be trialled in your post-front page, radio yesterday,
referring to the former president's affair with intern Monica Lewinsky.
The AP's story, quote, celery is saying in the book that the former president lied to
about his affair for months, finally admitting his dalliance days before was to testify before
a grand jury after his nose grew an extra three inches long.
And it goes on about how wanted to ring his neck in Yadoyani.
And well, where's the, where's the beef in a story, huh?
Where they're going to get ready to sue?
They're getting ready to sue.
Here we go.
The leak of the book is sparked a potential legal battle.
Sources post of these situations that Simon and Schuster were, by the way, the one thing
in that movie, I mean, you know, the game show host, he was a character that you, you
felt bad for him, you know, because he was dying, right?
And it was obviously been on for far too many years, like Bob Barker.
But ladies and germs, yeah, like the little kid said, that's not even funny.
Anyway, sources close to the situation said Simon and Schuster were seeking damages
from the associated press and that time, which brought magazine excerpts rights, may pull
out of its deal.
AP spokesman, Jack Stoets said the agency hadn't broken the law and obtained the book through
a good old fashioned reporting.
A source of time magazine said we're still examining our options.
In other words, time may back off because now there's no revelations anywhere.
There's no big smoking thing, see?
Simon and Schuster declined comment on the potential loss that would not confirm contents
of the story.
The book will be published on Monday and there are no copies being made available before
then spokeswoman Victoria Myers said.
Maybe this is all more part of a publicity thing, you know, because when they paid $8
million for it, you know, damn well, they got to sell a Zidium copies.
And they will, they will.
I'll buy it.
Peter Boy is going to buy one on credit.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know that guardian article with the swimming on the Sea of Oil?
I have it right here, yes.
They took it down off their website.
Why is that?
Because you know, they're subject to lawsuit over in England.
They don't have like a first amendment for care.
I know that, right?
Yeah.
And so they took that down.
They were a little bit worried that whether the source of that quote was 100% correct.
So I bookmarked that so I could print that and send that to you.
And I clicked on my bookmark this morning and it says that they removed the page.
Well, it's very fortuitous.
It must have been my second powers against, very lucky that I kept it because I have it
in my hand right now in the story too.
Well, for the people who are looking for the original, there's a website called
information clearinghouse.org and they've got an archive version of it.
That's a great website, Neil, for these websites.
Have a don't we have that on our website from yesterday, Boehner?
Yeah, but we don't repeat the whole story.
We have the link on there, but if the page down, I'll find an information clearinghouse
and I'll relink it.
Yeah.
Well, I see what you're saying.
So we only have a link to the guardian story.
So if they took it down, it won't be there.
You're right.
Well, just so you might want to keep this website in mind, information clearinghouse, archives,
a lot of these articles from CNN that get redacted and removed.
Right.
Go back to look for them.
Like the CNN transcripts of Hans Blix and Al Baraday's testimony had some 850 words,
X-sized out of them.
You didn't know that, don't you?
You were reading some of those stories about how CNN edited their transcripts several months
ago.
Well, information clearinghouse is a great place to find.
Yeah, I checked that often.
Yeah, okay.
Well, I just wanted to let you know that.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Appreciate it.
Take care.
And good news.
See, I still have it here.
I got my copy.
And this may be worth something, somebody.
You think so?
No.
I got I'm going to frame it.
Well, what are you laughing about?
Oh, it's my mic on.
I have no doubts.
I have no doubts that the story is the true.
And of course, the right way.
You want to believe that because he's been shooting off his mouth the last couple of weeks,
not very brazenly.
The neocons become very brazen.
I mean, no, they stole the election.
It brought daylight.
It brought daylight right there in front of your post.
We want in.
Let us in.
You know that whole routine.
Oh, and speaking of that, I never got to it yesterday.
And it was on a website.
And I know this one is still on it because it was on the Sunscent.
Well, they're too stupid to change anything on their website.
Too slow and too stupid.
About the 2004 elections.
Remember that story?
Vote a boy.
Huh?
Yeah.
About the respecting problems.
They're expecting problems.
What a surprise.
What a novelty.
Here it is.
Election supervisors won a vote problems in 2004.
Sarasota Florida's election supervisors are warning that next year's elections could
be played with problems just like in 2000 and last year.
If they're forced into a tight schedule with new touchscreen voting machines.
Wow.
Holding elections in September, October, November is much more difficult with touchscreen voting
machines than with the punch cards that were used before.
Sarasota County supervisor, elections Kathy Dets said this week is the supervisors gathered
for their summer conference.
Dets said her employees would have to program 1500 touchscreen machines individually for
each election and will need more time to produce absentee ballots.
These same tasks will be even more difficult in the state's largest counties.
They'd and.
One holding three elections.
The primary the primary runoff in the general election in such a tight time frame lead
to another election.
Fiasco said, Ion Sancho, the Leon County's election supervisor in his front is a close
associate Pancho Gonzalez.
What was the Cisco kid?
What was his sidekick Pancho?
I guess.
Come on.
Sancho Pansa.
It was.
It was it was Ion Sancho, wouldn't it?
The supervisors said they hope state legislators will consider the issue in two weeks when they
hold a special session to deal with medical malpractice insurance rates.
The House and Senate couldn't agree on election changes during the regular session.
And it goes on and on.
This was in the sunset on yesterday as a matter of fact and it's very disturbing and depressing
and very expected expected way to do.
I'm going on down.
I'm going on down.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm a lawyer.
I'm going to get out.
I'm a fair thing.
Days are over.
I'm fine.
I'll spend the thing that I've found.
I'm the one who made the free.
I think I'm not gonna break down.
Someone's busy trying to stop my group from crying.
No, I ain't just fine.
I'm saying that's what she is really looking for.
Is it a one of the heavens something?
Don't want to be left with nothing.
Is it a one of the heavens something?
It's a one of the heavens something.
It's a one of the heavens something.
I'm going on down.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm a lawyer.
I'm a lawyer.
I'm a lawyer.
I'm a lawyer.
I'm a lawyer.
Three to four to staff.
No, Miguel will be standing out in the corner of 441 and I was there a road taking collections
for Michael Jackson.
In fact, they'll be out there in a speedo and you can just stick your donations in
it with the tights.
Can you see that?
No.
Why not?
I guarantee you raise a lot of cash.
What's the name of the Wilton manners?
What do you say?
Raise thousands, millions maybe.
I have that picture.
I have that picture of Mo.
I'm telling you right now that is momentous speaking of that.
Yes?
You're a new and improved email.
I just sent you something.
Okay.
Well, let me see if it's who's going to work it out.
I have to do an attachment.
Huh?
Big test.
Okay.
I just clicked it.
It says, did you Yahoo?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
All right.
Ha ha ha ha.
I like that.
The bookend.
We could reverse that and put it on the other side.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
We got the same body and the same lampshade but now it's got my push.
Yeah, good.
Instead of moes, it's kind of like interchangeable.
They could have at least given you different panties.
We could have a whole line up of these in there.
In fact, that's a slimest mypupik has looked in a long time.
It doesn't matter if fact.
I'm saving that.
I'm not deleting that baby.
56670560.
I'm 560 on the 18th.
See, we oughta stick that on there too.
Okay.
Then Moe won't be able to pick it on me.
See, I'm laughing at it because I think it's hysterical.
Now, he might be.
He might have all the way down it.
You know, he's still a hard ass.
At least they looked his teeth in.
We can do something on that.
Go buy me.
I can gum with the rest of them.
287 votes out of full.
Which of these do you care about most?
Where are the weapons of mass destruction?
135.
When is Moe getting canned?
64.
Is George K.
30?
Will there really be Middle East peace?
27.
Is that for Rels' real voice?
13.
Martha Stewart gets indicted.
10.
And Sandy Sosa uses a cork bat as making some real progress.
Only six.
Only six bozos out there.
Really ever crap about that.
So I would not need a media must be losing at least a little bit
in full.
At least over this audience because I've tried to teach them ways.
Way back starting with Ilyon.
The media will just bombard you with a bunch of crap.
Just like the Stacey and Scott Peterson crap.
Or Lacey, whatever her name was.
Stacey Lacey.
That was double worshippers, you know.
Yeah, right.
That's when I thought all the time.
In fact, that movie, Your Ravenous or whatever.
What's the name of that movie?
Ravenous.
Yeah, like I said, Grivenous.
That's what that's all about.
It's a bunch of savage cannibal.
They made a chicken on top of the door.
He did it.
Yeah, how much are you having?
You had a whole bunch of cash in a passport and diamonds here.
But he was just going off for a little, a little side-grid on his way to much.
Just like OJ who had his passport and 10 grand in cash in the Ford Bronco.
But he didn't do it.
Did you do it, OJ?
Did you do it, OJ?
It was a chlorinated pool that made his hair so blonde.
Is that what it was?
Yeah, a twitty said.
Uh-huh.
Thomas.
Here's a call from Pembroke Park.
Hello.
Hey, Mr. Rodgers, how are you today?
Pretty good, Mr. Collar.
How are you?
Good, good.
Two questions.
One, with all that, not finding these maps, reference maps to draw, to draw something and everything.
Does it make you think that there may have been more to the September 11th thing that the government knew about?
Oh, well, I'm positive there's more than 9.11 than we are there like none.
And we still aren't getting any more information about what it was either you'll notice.
Yeah, like that report that they're holding up or whatever.
Right.
The 800 page report.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And on a second note, I'd ask you up a thing about a rocking chair.
Is that something you're interested in?
About a rocking chair?
Right.
Why do I sound that old?
No, no, no, no, I'd send you a, uh, a fact or I, I'd thank something over to, to QAM, uh, to relate to you.
About a rocking chair?
Right.
Saying what?
I mean, between you and George, I mean, keep me in suspense.
What was it about?
Well, I, I'm the one that made you that chair or that that that.
Oh, oh, well, listen, have a great day and thanks again for that.
That was very nice.
Why didn't you alert me?
I was trying.
No, listen, listen, you see, I don't want to say I was in such a good mood until that.
This guy made me a very nice thing.
Now, he's, you know, and he called me a couple of times.
They made me a nicer thing for my house.
Very beautifully finished in the whole deal.
What would you call it?
Like a cabinet.
A chest.
A chest.
In fact, you can look on it the website and you'll be able to see my big fat chest.
Now, seriously, I am with it with the, you open it up from the top and it's got all kinds of stuff inside.
It's a beautiful thing.
And I thanked him for numerous times.
And he's called on the year several times, increasingly over the years.
To, uh, remind me that he's the guy who made that nice thing.
You see what I'm saying?
And finally, it reaches the point, sir, where I really, I don't want you to take this the wrong way.
But I wish you wouldn't have made me the thing in the first place.
Because now, now he wants me to do something else to help him raise, to do what?
There's something to me to sponsor him for a seminar that teaches you.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, song written upon the
during
do anything nice for you, and then
no, I get all this
love and
My favorite. Can you get me off?
That's my favorite. I just go on, Boehner boy. Why don't I mean nobody's perfect?
Okay, he's working with crappy equipment. So again, the answer is no. Why did you just leave me hanging there? That was bad.
I would be going. Wasn't that bad? I just part the way he left me hanging there. Should have seen. I was squirming. We were looking at each other.
Like we both need to look at it. I don't want to because he's a nice guy. I'll be. He's a nice guy, but he's putting me in a bad position.
I don't like being in a bad like Moe in that picture there. He's in a bad position both of you. He's in a vulnerable position.
Reckon exactly. I noticed his his is a little higher in the year than mine.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 I just you just ruined my day with that guy. He just told me. Yeah, you you both of you. You put him on. You killed me with that guy.
I don't know when we said that. If you would have just jumped right in you would have said this is the guy that made you that thing and he, you know, then I wouldn't.
How was I supposed to know what he's talking about a rocking chair? In addition to what you never sent me that facts because you told me about it. I said forget about it.
Never sent me the facts. Did you talk about it? I got it. And what did I say? No. Right. That's exactly what I said. No. Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Good morning. Neil. Are you? Yes, sir. I just recuperating from a little bit of surgery here. So it's given me the opportunity to dispense with the irrelevant things in life.
Such as work and concentrate on the important things such as your show. Right. Now you're talking now you get your party straightened out.
Well, speaking of priorities, I wanted to also discuss something that I could never discuss anywhere on your quote unquote sports station, except for this location. Specifically hockey.
Right. By the way, or he was a W R U I. Yeah, I know. Anyway.
Wouldn't it be nice in a way to see I know I'm just pull through this entire. Yes, it would, especially in light of the fact that the devil's make me sick and my stomach.
And like I said, the other day, John Madden number 11 for the devil's right real pussy who didn't want to come here for the NHL awards in Toronto because he's afraid of SARS.
Anybody's that much of a pussy. Don't deserve to win anything. Oh, really? He doesn't deserve is he doesn't deserve to have his name on a Stanley cup.
Well, I'd also like to see Stumpy kind of. Yeah, Stumpy Thomas. You do understand the least could have had Stumpy Thomas back for a song for the third go round would leave.
But they now we don't want him. Let's bring back Doug Gilmore. Let him play about five minutes. I think just about anybody could have had him this year after the Hawks let him go.
But you know, I'd like to see him kind of analogous to this year's Ray Bork. In other words, all those years of trying and toiling and finally.
I see a lot of difference. So because I mean, Ray Bork went to a real contending team to specifically for the purpose of winning a Stanley Cup, which he did.
Right. Well, as opposed to Stumpy Thomas, who was just trying to catch on somewhere after it was to turn loose. And who the hell would have believed other than Kaplan?
I guess that the Anna, I'm at a chance to win a Stanley Cup. So we just out of the blue nice going stumpy.
Well, all the more reason, all the more reason I'd like to see him get it because it was considered an afterthought.
I'm sure when he was sent to Anna, I'm as opposed to a contender. Right. So that would be wonderful.
I'm squeezing hard for the next tonight. I think what yep me too. And I think one of the things that's most satisfying as you mentioned, the Devils play that.
Stulking style and they're getting it thrown back in their face now. Right. Because they're meeting a team that's equally patient.
To their own style of place. Right. I'll be keeping my fingers crossed and whatever else it takes.
OK, my friend. I'm pulling for you. I'll be checking in with you from time to time. OK, thanks. Take care.
Run 40 to 18 till noon at 560. You're rocking to your station QAM.
As rocks. See is the ball.
All I'm going to say.
I'm follow a great. The different one that they shall be stand up. Come and go on to the TV show called a cave.
I am the president of the Honduras Miller Brighton tobacco company serving the universe with stuggies and who she since 1998.
I thought it might be a good time to come on here and let you know some of the do's and don'ts of our company.
I mean, the cigar and the pretty much speech for itself. You know, your federal rules and regulations applied not a bride side of the business is a little more sticky man.
Apparently one of our customers had some troubleshooting issues with a purchase he made a few years ago.
Although the 90 day money back guarantee period at long past, we would have worked with him on a trade in had he not decided to chop her up.
I thought, hey, this might be a good time to go over some of the rules of the mail order.
Brighting all number one and this had always been an unwritten rule.
But obviously now we have to write it down. Don't chop a mop man.
If something goes wrong with your wife by mail, contact the factory.
One of our train service technicians will attempt to remedy the problem.
If we fail to correct the problem, you know, IE she screams that you'll not stop in Spanish or she's angles your neighbor or each of a life hot pocket.
We'll take her back man. You just be shipping and handling.
Rule number two. Well, actually there's no other rules man. You can pretty much do what you want. Just eat, stay on the chopping.
I don't like to get into rules man, but I guess that's how I get into trouble in the first place, eh?
You know, any loser that has to pay for a white shoe to mail is kind of a skinny person anyway.
But love Anthony and Dorian Brighton tobacco company. Where our girls are all smoking. Come and shop. But don't shop.
We'll chamblin rate me. Okay good. 1147 you keep a crawl around on the floor like that and somebody's gonna get you.
See, if you look at the two pictures, the one you got of me there. Yeah.
And then one was hit. You'll notice that his pasty complexion matches the rest of that body much better than mine. Right.
They should have blended better. Yeah. Well, we'll work on it. Anyway, we got the correction.
Thank you profusely. The guy called the three or four calls back about the guardian and the correction.
Because here it is. I got it off today's newspaper off the website correction Paul Wolfowitz.
A report was posted on our website on June 4th under the heading Wolfowitz Iraq war was about oil.
Misconstrued remarks made by the US deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz making it appear that he had said that oil was the main reason for going to war in Iraq.
He did not say that. He said the most important difference between North Korea and Iraq is that economically we just had no choice in Iraq that the country swims on a sea of oil.
So you can interpret that however you want. You know how I interpreted don't you know how I'm a hard ass.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 8.
TNT and Verizon line the O Rogers dot com where you can see that nifty picture of Mo waiting for his next attacker.
Which of these do you care about most we've got a bunch of nifty choices for 360 votes already where are the weapons of mass destruction 166 of you people want to know where the F are they?
When is Mo getting can 82 inquiry minds want to know about Mo will there really be Middle East pace 39 is George gay 37.
Is that for all's real voice 16 Martha Stewart gets indicted 11 I guess it was kind of anticlimactic we knew it was coming we knew that was coming bitch and Sammy Sosa uses a cork bat only seven only seven of you really care most about that heavy heavy duty.
Kind like a number of people at last night's Marlon's a's game about seven.
All but it was 10,000. You're right. Here's Miami online seven hello any idea sir it's pretty funny but it might be sad at the same time you let's put the cabins of the radio to a lot of people.
If you really think about it yeah it's pretty funny because I could see people with the song in their head and listening to you and that's doing the things they're doing you know taking the triple pills and all that.
Yeah well listen to I would say most of our corners are popping lot of pills. Yeah you get all chronic me no people are for sure. It's up the tab in the radio it's great and another thing I wanted to add another topic to your poll there is the piece on top of most had civic cat or another species what is it.
Okay thanks so much you want another topic to our poll five six seven got a lot of open lines here all of a sudden you want to know why don't you because we don't have a list of movies and movie stuff right or nothing to add to.
Right no no see in this like this guy he's adding to our poll we're not we're not taking any more suggestions for today's poll I think we covered a fine wide gamut can we say that gamut no damn it.
Of topics there for you to peruse and choose and lose and maybe like for all booze a little bit see one thing I like about him is he doesn't be us anybody he's he's a booze hound who talks about it on a lot heroin chewing gum.
And probably a lot of diet cocturing to show of course I drink a lot of diet cocturing to show to diet focus for people in recovery I'm thinking cheese blinks is a sac cano don't do it why you're too young it's better
to eat nice green yeah well I'm going to tell you what I did yesterday you get really you'd be real psychotic to oh Jesus you'd be foaming at the mouth.
See you know what I do this is a bad thing no no listen to me and I think about it all the time but I never change my pattern of behavior I'll think about the show is over I've eaten
virtue other than a little bacon before the show which is good for my blood sugar I discovered but other than that I eat nothing and then I'm thinking about going to lunch in fact right now it's just coming up on noon and my body is thinking about lunch so I'll go and get lunch and then I'm the way to lunch I'll think well you know maybe instead of going and actually having a meal I'll just get some crap and eat that because even after I have lunch I'm going to eat crap anyway see what I'm saying yeah but I go to have lunch anyway thinking no well this will fill me up and then I won't eat crap and I go and I have a nice lunch I'll do an act in his lunch like I did yesterday is to do it.
I had some nice soup I had a Canadian cheddar burger with no of the need to bun the need to fries even though I told her Caesar salad that bitch but she brought me a whole bunch of fries didn't touch one good and I should have been full well don't say good that's the beginning of the story.
I'm about 20 minutes later because I have like a routine I go and get the newspapers I get the sun and the star and I like to go with my lunch it's great I enjoy it life is sweet until after lunch because then I go to my convenience store to you know stock up on my caffeine free diet soda right and while I'm in there they have that freezer case you can't get to the soda without walking by the ice cream case you can't get poor in fact there are three ice cream cases and you have to waltz between them
I should probably put blinders on right that's not actually and I'm even mentioning yesterday about the briars score ice cream
and the fact that it only comes in half gallons actually it's worse than that because it only comes in two liter which a leader is a little more than a court right so I have so I have a gas well we would consider a half a gallon of two liter is more than a half a gallon right right right that's all it comes in it doesn't come in pints it doesn't come in court it's like an elephant
so I buy it briars score ice cream I can't tell you how good it is and the bad and the bad part of it is is that it's available I'm sure nearby you it's not like that Nestle's turtle like I told you it sits around and so what I do is I put it in the microwave for about 58 seconds melt it up nice get my spoon and then of course you start eating around the edges of the container on the inside of the the edges
because that's where it melts first when you pop it in the microwave oh yeah I know that huh same routine I have to stick it in the microwave to how about the ice cream yeah and that's where the good stuff is around the edges there on the inside I know you have a I know all the outside you score seven so I ate and I'm thinking to myself what I'm going to do is I'm going to eat about maybe a third of it
and then I'll rush into the kitchen and put it under how water and Schmidt can it because once you put water on it you're not going to eat unless you're an idiot I a little more than a third
no I didn't eat all of it I could have though I could have seen I'm one of the few I'm talking about for well being honest enough to talk about how he's into booze and pills and crap I'm into sugar man and I could have eaten a whole two leader two leader container
not much of it is a lot of people who are you couldn't nobody could do that surprise watching so I would say that there I was down like about a pint and a half before I finally just reign of the kitchen just because I realized that I was going to eat the whole thing
I mean while you're eating it it's not like it's not that filling you know there's certain kinds of food like if you have a steak if you go to Ruth Christian you have a big steak a big steak is really filling you know right
and you have a bunch of side with it you know like all the good stuff like the broccoli with cheese all that good stuff and you have a bowl of soup before the meal or the
Friday the barbecue trim so you've eaten a big meal when you've eaten like that but ice cream isn't filling
you're sitting there just happier than a pig and slap I'm watching my TV whatever now I'm watching I'm just a happy camper
you're following this yeah it's depressing well I'm just telling you I don't have to tell you I don't know
what do you mean it's depressing so the plan trying to make you is why even bother with the lunch you see what I'm saying yeah just to take a vitamin and a bowl of ice cream
that sounds excellent oh that's the new knee arrachers diet a vitamin bill and a bowl of ice cream
sure at least you're getting all your essential you know vitamins and minerals and you're you know your coq 10 or whatever
take an olio mat oh man and wash it down with a pint of bryars yeah
oh sorry a leader two leaders take me two year two leader
1156 at 560 WK me or fat station well see I can gain a few pounds because we got your ice treatment out so
we're still under the uh the over under we're still a little bit under under the under the fat cap
every radio station now has a fat cap QAM was on a verge of being a little bit over
did they measure that in pounds or percentage of body fat both but now that Josh Friedman has been
canned I mean uh not invited to come back now we got a whole bunch of weight in there that we can
stick on under the cap 1156 at 5 like the like the beast you've seen all the weight under his cap haven't
you are you calling him a fat head yeah fat head he really he should be British the beast he should
be a Brit he's one of those ex-hooligan looking guys hey by now you've been hearing about laminids
russ and how laminid wood flooring from laminids russ is the easy low maintenance alternative
to natural wood flooring laminids russ is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from
peridore pergo Wilson art unifloran quickstep they've got all the top names in the universe all
installed by pergo and ascertainified installers here's another reason why you don't call laminids
russ their prices will absolutely floor you right now you can get there some are special for
just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks that's right just nineteen hundred ninety five bucks from
to three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is absolutely unbelievable
unbelievable and laminids russ will match any legitimate written offer to for a free and home
estimate with no obligation call laminids russ toll free at one eight seven seven seven seven
seven thirty three thirty six what could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving
a twenty five year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care laminid wood flooring call
laminids russ today toll free one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six
line and local your sports radio five cities you and you a m
and beat that jator me
and
i went to new
the system
i was thinking about losing weight
i stepped on the scale and they got a measure
and said
the second way to make a rister is only so much that we can do
i think life was certainly
maybe the only thing for you
sacrifice of a fighting
alright
sacrifice of a fighting
sacrifice of a fighting
hey hey hey
you're stuck away
you're stuck away right on me
i don't have the
god
i don't have to go and get your size
i don't have the worry about no
molges or um
a
life was auction
you know
found a brand new man
look up the roober
suck the fat out of splash
you can
suck the fat out of a fighting
okay
suck the fat out of a fighting
hey hey hey hey
you're stuck away right on me
go to a five sixty
nobody can do it
so you're making a worse now with this
fancy just sent me
from the rock and share guy
this is making it even worse
he says i apologize if my
faxed was misinterpreted as
repayment for the bench i made
you the bench i made for you
was a gift without any
conditions attached
i've used sponsored in the
plans for my wood working
studies by giving them the
project i made in the course
again my intentions were not
meant to imply i was asking
for this in return for the
bench
signed
what
that was carless and sensitive
prick
not being sensitive
what who wrote this
i think he just made the whole thing up
that was probably him doing a voice
i got a great little pull within a show
remember that guy you're doing a show
within a show that that old fart i
loved that kind of panic probably dead now
we can only hope
we're doing a show within a show
yeah what does that mean
i don't know but you're doing a show
within it's aggravating
in fact that guy sounded a little bit
like somebody we are i was
sticking the top ten reasons why we hate
moh kind of a David Letterman list
i got to start his wig bites
by trying to get George fired
screwed the bees try to get Neil can
maybe we'll get some other
suggestions on there the top ten
reasons why we hate the Mo man
boner boy doesn't hate moment
bull crap
who the hell are you can boy you'll
suck anybody's ass won't you
i know that's what most said
boy yeah in fact most said that when he
went for that procedure that you saved
him a lot of trouble
that's what he told me this morning
one of the ten times he came in there
yeah he said you saved him a lot of
aggravation all the other stuff that
usually you have to go through
i don't want to get to graphics right
in the middle of lunch i got too late
anyway don't forget our hot couples
contest which is really creeping and
crawling around i guess it always has
the other two we did starts a little
slow right and then as we get toward
the deadline people get frantic and
then they start taking pictures
and whipping their clothes off and
moving it out whatever they're doing
you have until monday june 16th
to email a picture of yourselves for our
hot couples contest
neorongers.com
and then on monday the 16th the pictures
will be up on the web all the pictures
we get we don't pick and choose all the
ones we get for this contest will be
up there and then the listeners will
have a week to which use their favorite
and vote and then on monday june 23rd
the couple with the most votes wins
first prize and then we got well we
don't know we still don't get a word
on that from fat boy we uh yeah
we're working on it
uh
well he's working out of his home you know
yeah right really difficult to call
somebody and give some information on
the phone it's amazing how it's he was
able to call beener boy and interrupt
him a million times in the middle of the
show and i think he was still in the
hospital when he was doing that
right anyway first prize it's your
choice either a three day two night
stay for two with a royal oasis resort
in casino in abohamas with round trip
airfare on lake area included or you
can pick three day two night stay for
two at hedonism two or three in jameka
all inclusive transfer his food drink
with two days entertainment but no air
fair so first prize will be your
choice and second prize will be
whichever one you don't take third prize
at the moment dinner for two at the
pizza lot and looks like there's going
to be another prize as well it should
be a real good one if fat boy gets ever
off his fat disgusting ass and puts
down to god damn briars score ice cream
so that's the hot couple's kind of let's
give away the what we got so far about
three or four four five six four five
six while we're getting there it's
well i tell you i got to look one more time
to win to give me the inspiration to
continue these next two hours what just
print it out now i'm not talking about
most picture if you forget about that that's
all not in lunchtime i want to see those
pictures of air in an amy again the winners
of our second hot couples contest and keep
in mind they're both models but there's
nothing wrong with that you can be a
professional model sure because the other
people say well we're up against around
big day oh i know which picture you like
huh in fact you know something i hadn't
noticed that because needless that i was
going to errands pictures real quick the one
the second picture of amy of course is a
little reminiscent there the one of moe now
she does look a little bit better than moe i
will say this little less pasty but uh very
similar better better do i'm not going to
be able to look at that picture again better do what
oh and i now that you've really blown up this one
picture rare and he makes uh tom cruisin
magnolia pale in the wood significance
respect the he's got one of those gigantic
salamis locked in his pantalummies in that one
picture where he's got the uh the flannel
shorts on
oh who are you kiddinair and okay
well maybe he's not kiddin well we'll find out one
of these days somebody one five six seven
oh five sixty five five sixty on the 18t
and of course there's been a boy again
wow he says wow i wonder which pictures he was
most impressed by
here's weston hello hello yes sir
nil yes i am how you doing great okay i want to talk to you about uh
well first of all i was actually shocked that
turned on the uh your station you actually got a
hockey pole uh i mean we're uh uh
just about to uh crown a Stanley Cup
champion and you have a hockey authority done here no one's
calling you about hockey well what what do you mean by that
nobody calls me about hockey ever anyway even if the
panthers are playing so why should that be there's no
interest don't you understand and unlike the other
people on the station who i don't try to push
something that nobody cares about in other words nobody cares
about the marlins so i'm not going to say they're
talking about baseball all day and the same thing with hockey
there's all there's very little interest in
soft food i've discovered a hard way over these
last ten eleven years since we had a franchise
yeah and you know the interesting thing about it is
i was in addition in addition to which this series is so
coma-inducing that whatever interest there wasn't a first place you
to subtract about 80 percent but but i think even you might
admit that the the last game you know it's nothing
nothing too great goalie is going in the third
you know that's not my kind of game now not my kind of game
well i you know i don't want to the one i want to
soccer scoreless games i'm not into that right i think most people
don't want to see a game they want to see action they want to see five to four
six to five they want to see a lot of great goals they want to see i mean
you know if there are a lot of shots and there's great
gold tending to an average right right yeah oh like
like a the first two games in jersey anaheim at
all that we shot in each game yeah i mean they
they're lucky to be even be in this series exactly i mean but
but i i still say that greasy gold brodure left
in there when he lost his stick to sandwich
osalins i think that was the turning point i want to talk to you about
saying it's always going to get him to second but um the but i mean if we get
as boring as it might be if we get a seventh game that goes to overtime and it's
one one or nothing nothing that's pretty exciting it is the next goal is
going to win the cup going pretty exciting for head capon because his whole
allow it is all few no seriously one last time we had a seventh game
go to overtime because the buffalo um yeah buffalo and balls
close to toward i think was game six that wasn't game seven ever what about
what about buffalo and Dallas and that greasy gold by
bread hull right i think that that was game six oh
that was whatever it's been a long time but uh you know you but you're right
but you know something you're trying you try to
dress it up and the fact of the matter is you can't uh
you know you can't put any lipstick on this pig it's just that it's gross
it's just bad hockey because when hockey i came down here i really thought
people go to the games and really just
but call not just panther fans but hockey fans
they're not they're not they're not by far they don't they sport but they're not
they don't care no they don't okay i was watching the NBA finals live
you can't compare that to hockey that it's just it's nothing it's freakball it's about
just seven foot tall free slam agenda into the basket isn't there no uh there's no skill in that
exactly now sand this osalinch uh uh uh been following him since the Minnesota series he
is an offensive threat he got the game winner against Dallas yeah he's been he got of course he
got the fortune to go which which may go down in history is the most famous uh
big goal but he does not even make an effort to get back on defense
they're in the Minnesota series you're one game i think they had four breakaways and uh
like or or four i'll tell you one thing i'll take him over fill housely on leafs will
ever wear open leaf uniform again okay there's plenty of other old stiffs around so all
osalinch is uh pretty uh i mean he comes in he doesn't even pretend to get and then when he goes
back i mean you know it's not his bag you know it's just not his bag yeah not playing defense okay
well listen the audience is uh notting off but the go ducks go yeah the other thing just wanted to let
you know uh i uh Georgia proud be interested in this uh there was a movie called uh wake up George
once upon a time in America right with Robert the Nero and that was the uh acting debut of
Jennifer Connolly okay labyrinth i always before that
he wants to be a teenager so i don't know if he wasn't once upon a time oh okay um i
thought i loved once upon a time in america but that confusing ending you know George can't
handle it have a great day palatable with the dunker i wasn't confused about that no that wasn't
that wasn't there were a lot of things left hanging there besides the zits that the James Woods
was popping all over the place there were a lot of things left hanging like noodles hanging noodle
noodles was hanging he was busy hanging salami was that horse salami just like Aaron there in those
pictures looks like he's packing salami oh it's bigger than that london horse meat salami story
don't let me forget about that don't horse meat found in salami put it i'll get to it
and what's this fact forget about it uh what is this i talked to you the guy from urica i overnited
your board game forget about it the boss of board games it's sort of a mafia monopoly you can gamble
in vaguism at land of city lose all your money the irisky to whack a whole line of product
to be evolving around they forget about it the thing we also own the fights the the rights to
pair my pictures mob ties thanks andy that's the guy from urica urica club you see
never been in urica had you that color was right and we were all wrong i was wrong what's that
about Jennifer Connelly she was just a little child and once upon a time in america
told you brine bloom too what eyes i've said if brine bloom had better rise in jenifer connelly
maybe not better boobs but remember brine bloom no i do twelve thirteen at five sixty wqm how low can
they go no not those now how what is it now the financial group does the limbo rock under the
lowest refinance rate going get those pictures of erin and the aimeo for the will you please please
sorry no i mean off the website i'm just trying to like i'll just put a whole thing
in fact what i'll do is i'll pull up the picture of moe on all fours that'll calm me down you
how low can they go how about one point ninety five percent that's correct now you can
refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low one point ninety five percent financing
rate with financial group call one eight hundred nine four o'land and ask them all about bill
sprained it to you one eight hundred nine four o'land if you're even thinking about refinancing
we're buying real estate call financial group at one eight hundred nine four o'land and talk about
savings check out this if you have a one hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only a
measly three hundred and sixty eight dollars a month if you have a two hundred and thousand
dollar loan your payments are only a beastly seven hundred and thirty six dollars a month so call
financial group one eight hundred nine four o'land and get the low low rates you've been looking for
one point nine five percent interest rates of at all time low so no way call right now hop on it
and get that rate one point ninety five percent from financial group and you know that number to
call by now I hope one eight hundred nine four o'land that's one eight hundred nine four o'
L E N D the Renekuil housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly
five point one nine APR
this Sunday all the sopranos so what no f**king Zeno hey well me suck my f**king it's just as
it comes to prosack you'll take the lips over to get total f**king ooo you know mother f**king he's got a real
f**king attitude problem but you kick me in a f**king head the words that come blowing out your
ass for sure I'm getting it Toby there's two things I'm good at it's full of vents and spot
in good jobs I might not be able to let my own ass you know that you're born to be s**t I'm
babbling it in can you just shut the f**k up about it stick it up your ass
now we touch a f**k off can't you stop under the vaporizer you're stupid mother f**king you know that
you f**king piece of s**t oh I am pleased don't start with that name business what the f**k is your
problem or the f**king audience with the pope I bet you're very good to your mother f**king you're f**k wide
you're just Christ how you doing no zine get your money got it I can't eat dad it's got cholesterol can I
just get some macaroni and gravy you you you you me I don't like that kind of talk
anybody else want to mouth off f**k this I'm going to bokeh from 19 oh that must have been
more right there at the end huh it sounded like him to me oh speaking of the language how do you
like the language in magnolia you hard press to find a scene even a little kids in it when we're
doing an f bomb here and it was all all good up until I don't want to hear about it all right full of crap
you're absolutely full of crap I being a boy like said already hasn't even seen it yet oh
radical he's already decided to like it I can't stop looking at these pictures of Amy and Aaron
you know well we've got our own pictures of Amy over here do you really yeah we do other ones
she hooked this up no yeah are you serious I am well what about the other pictures of Aaron that
you could be you mainly me on my nice new email he wasn't in playboy's lingerie issue well why not
I guarantee you one thing you sure a lot prettier than a lot of the people that were gay man yeah well
whatever and reeky you send me this fast from and reeky who I think has been influenced by you
badly and doing too much bad weed now he does have one good idea here in the fact and you know I see
when people start giving me like a whole rundown of what I play this with a couple of farts in
behind it for all saying you're a douchebag you know I can't the handle I didn't wreak it I'm sorry but
I'm a daughtering old man plus I'm getting me a rock and cheer is what I'm here but he does have a
good suggestion he says I heard you do making keychains with mode drop in similar to the mad dogs
what the possibilities of including some for our laps into some drops not this time but next year right
we'll have a library besides we need to make the mo key chain while like making this good
yeah well yeah but the memory will linger on even after he's long gone not that he's going anywhere
I know I know you're on he's locked in he's got he's got that core of regulars now five days
got Dennis and what's his name red and it's board said I richie from bores head and mark the
jazz fan and Dennis and Steve and mark the jazz fan wow just unbelievable so anyway and reek
thank you very much but I'm probably going to have to disappoint there in the one to two hour and
a little bit but smoke a big fat one for us anyway speaking of airing in a big fat one five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line how's the pool coming
which of these do you care about most see I could do this is a lot better than that other stupid
women pool you know which which bitch you like the best I'm not saying that they were all bitches I
wouldn't say Madeline all bright as a bitch would you no she's a nice lady or four four
hundred ninety three of votes where are the weapons of mass destruction they care about most by far
forty four point four percent two hundred nineteen one and no right now where are they show it show
us the money show us the something show us the La Bamba una Bamba Grande okay when is
well getting canned one hundred and thirteen one and all that is George gay fifty seven will there
really be Middle East peace fifty eight is that for all's real voice twenty three I got the
feds looking for me Martha Stewart gets indicted sixteen and Sammy so she uses a cork fat
a very embarrassing
votes that was pretty good very good all the reason is pretty good is because like I told you
before this board is not also anyway getting back to my lunch a saga about the lunch and then
eating a lot of crap no I'm thinking if I have crap for lunch like if I go and get cheese
blinks with blueberries that will not only take care of my lunch but it'll take care of satisfying
my sweet tooth you see what I'm saying right will it work I can give it a shot we have to try we
have blinks is for lunch in the ice cream for dinner now I'm not having a more ice cream I'm
all fine I don't even want ice cream I eat so much guy they might scream me I said I got ice cream
coming under my ears right home everywhere all the pores in my body bad I mean what is wrong
with me I'm addicted to sugar so bad I mean so incredibly bad
just call me Sarah it's the Sarah Roger show I think I'm changing the name of the
Sarah Goldfarb show I don't think that's good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
18 T line don't forget the QM van from now to one is at Parker's side at seventy six hundred
southwest eighty seven I have it in Miami stop I get your free Marlon tickets and eight against the
eights tonight see this is his promos lately are really bad that Miguel somebody's not taking care of
there I think the arena and servicing and no more gets your free Marlon's eight tickets to the
night's game courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bill so and then one to two the staff
know the QM van will be at sunshine pools located Miami at eighty seven twenty seven why do I want
to promote sunshine pools I don't know when we already have our good friends at Atlantic Marcy one
of our fine sponsors I'm not that crazy about doing that you know I mean even though they promise
these people all these free mentions why do I want to be promoting for free since they're not paying
me nothing on this show why do I want to be doing that I don't know you see what I'm saying yeah
I think it's a conflict of interest Miguel and I think we're going to have a discussion about this
this is like what PD Lenny used to do all the time remember his famous tricks hopefully is trying to
give me to do like a three-minute free spot for some Jackass account of his that had nothing to do
with me or this show I think that the ring may have a pointer to about Miguel here's a lady in
Parkland hello yes man I'm calling you some beautiful park train I'm so sorry
I want to name Charlotte and I'd like to tell you three things first of all I love you crazy about
me okay second day last night my husband crazy pagging me Luigi we watched
Rayquian third dream and I ride that's it me I couldn't sleep all night I have to watch you
really if you took a couple of greens or would have like calm you down off the sleep what would
and my husband said it made him feel very distressed and the other thing I mean he's
distressed about what it was no distressing oh I see the movie was distressing yes because of
what happened to everybody and tell me what do you think happened to Sarah in the end see I told
that to George that this is another movie that's not finished and oh no I'm not sure it was not
finished but we know what happened to her she went in the funny farm and you know I don't agree
I think we need to find out but I think we need to find out of area hairy state out of arms
way for any of you after the in the movie oh that was bad that was bad that was bad near the
thing of it it did you see how in different the psychiatrist life to her well and that's just how
about how about the diet doctor he never even looked at her exactly he he looked at the chart and
she's talking he never even looked at her and they just kept scribbling out the prescriptions for
these damn pills it was sick it was sick but it was very true there it was real life meal yeah okay now
here's the other thing meal um do you think the shrub our president the cut stole the election do you
think that that moron can bring peace to the Middle East by yeah but I wouldn't want to
single him out for that for first of all keep in mind when his crew of nazis first came into office
they said oh well we're not going to make the mistake Clinton got me made work not going to get
involved in the Middle East we're going to like put that way down on the burner you know on the
back burner and then of course after 9.11 all of a sudden he's the big peacemaker uh you know when
I watch him and the awkward uh you know I remember watching Jimmy Carter with big and in this
a dot and you saw Clinton in there with the yes or air I'm a fart and uh robin and now you watch
this and you say oh this is uh I don't know I mean I hope so because I'm sick and tired of the whole
thing you know me too but but this has shit for brains okay and have a great day
that I hit it did you we all did okay I'm running into the other way he was going so well I mean
he's right she said the president's got Schmidt for brains okay in fact in as far as I'm concerned
where I'm sitting I think I'll be in improvement uh now see just when we're talking about the
rocking chair guy and now you send me this facts about people using me and using this show well
I'm working on a theme yeah now I'm making me a mid-years resolution since it is June right in the
middle of the year I'm making a mid-years resolution I'm I'm tired of being used you know when you
get to be an old fart like me uh there just isn't that much to use anymore I thought it was so
appropriate when that facts came across oh brother I mean cut the crap already where did Dave
Slater cut the crap this is a guy doesn't want to get the message he ran once before and he
wouldn't even put his name on the paper they didn't acknowledge his existence and he sends me
this fact like I'm gonna like put him over the top stop using me okay I was delighted to help out
against that penny sales tax a couple of years ago I was really ecstatic they were able to help
accomplish something that was the one time and like Howard Beal said I don't think well like
the way remember he was talking about sending the telegrams to the White House to stop the Saudi deal
he said but I don't think it's ever gonna happen again and that's exactly how I feel uh the idea
that this show is gonna make a difference or somebody on a radio is gonna change the world
forget about it okay I'd much rather have people going out watching these great movies getting
a little entertainment we've been talking about as opposed to thinking I'm gonna sit here in a
change the world change South Florida making a great place to live 29 past noon already at 560
WQM Tom Layman and General Sales Manager Joe Prieta with Helipodiac GMC are obsessed with this
program in fact they need some help I think they're obsessed with me with George with Bonerboy
with the listeners with everybody uh even used to be Miguel Till today and how to check out the
areas biggest selection of 2003 GMC on voice on boy excels Yukon's Yukon excels and denali's nobody's
got a bit of your selection anywhere than our friends at Halipodiac and they've also got a great
selection of dependable that's the operative word that's the important thing dependable pre-owned
cars, cars, cars, SUVs, free to peruse from and if you're worried about going into a car lock
because your credit is a little on the shaky side and you know what get shaken down have no fear
because Halip will always find a way to cut you a deal so for the biggest and the best
selection of GMC SUVs those amazing needle deals and lots more see our friends at Halipodiac GMC
134-01 South Dixie Highway with the beginning straw for over 35 years that's US 1 across from the
falls open every day seven days a week if you want more info call the needle deal hotline and 1-88-534-4211
and when you do talk to the folks at Halip be sure and mention that Bob Eisenberg's are real
puts that's 1-88-534-4211 don't forget to mention you heard about the needle deal because it'll
save you even more cash too and Halipodiac GMC who are telling you the absolute truth when they say
we are professional grade
if you like monster garage and junkyard wars you'll go wait for the new show on animal planet
monkey garage let's show that what's dangerous power to lose in the hands of angry
private this week Bobo and his team of master monkey mechanics only five days to see him
throw into a ground pounding weeding public space shuttle what's the feces lie on monkey garage
299 8-0 zoom
23 at 560 WDQ we know what this reminds me of this thing with Peter the rocking chair guy
and with Dave Slater the mayor want to be guy and reminds me of the sign man what that was his name
that that was his name what the sign man nobody had a name I know you don't know what it is
yes I forgot I put it on my head and you know who I'm talking about yeah yeah and then he started
calling the show I mean we appreciate all the nice sign it was greater what he did but he was the
worst car in the history of the human race he made the guy with the eyes sound like Alfred Hitchcock
I mean like Walter Cranker who was bad and he was also in person even worse than he was on the phone
he's like I'm not saying he's a bad guy because he was a nice guy he did a lot of nice stuff for us
but it's just I don't know I don't know how to describe it it's this kind of a cling on thing
that happens in life you know what I mean touch the flush to where the flesh I don't want to
with the fly I don't want him touching my flesh believe me there are plenty of people I'd like
touch in my flesh he and want him hey Aaron what's going on sweetheart how the hanging I'm not
looking to that picture anymore I got a show to do here we got the mad dog at two Hank Goldberg
from New York where the bell mods coming up Saturday how many horses are in that race later we got
about fear for a horse and no seriously like fearful left whoops they keep scratching horses out
which is great I want to see funny side when the triple crown I want to see him just kick ass
Marlins on deck at 630 because we have a contract and we're required to carry those games
705 the A's in a Marlins again in front of their usual six or seven thousand people
any K who's reading how come we don't have the hockey game on or that's right we're contracted
for the Marlins any K follows the baseball game you can be danger he's going to be glued to the
screen for the adults and the devil's game five from Jersey and Joe and Mark overnight two to five
in the morning see stop and think about this with Mo with his new schedule of his the fact
done wait he has to get a three o'clock in the morning or thereabouts what are the chances that
anytime in the near future he's going to be watching like an NBA playoff game at night
or a baseball game at night or any sporting event that's on in the evening oh see what I'm saying
right the chances are none I mean he might watch a little bit of it but generally speaking the big
oh nothing maybe he'll take a nap and then maybe he'll get maybe you get the message
haven't had any more reasons why we hate Mo called it it's you know this is the audience it's
it's so depressing to me it's the one thing if we could just if we just have a transplant on the
callers but that that's a story that goes back a long long time and they could have changed five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 T and four eyes on Marvellous line don't forget
about the horse meets Salami please all right here's a call from Dallas again hello hello Neil
yes sir did I just speak to you yesterday yes matter of fact you did okay we'll call me again
sometime what are you laughing about well no we don't do that on this show I to me that the
purpose of this show number one I'm way above anything else entertainment that's what we're
getting paid to do we're not going to change the world we're not going to save the world we're
not going to change the human nature are you gonna make self-floor to paradise this is an
entertainment program and as somebody who's done this for about five hundred years to me there
is nothing worse and I mean nothing that a guy who sits behind a microphone and talks to the same
ponderous people day after day it's boring it is boring and in all fairness to Moe I'll say this
that his predecessors in the morning they did the same thing they did exactly the same thing the
worst team Joe and Gildi and and yeah Chamiacola are a DFO they did the same thing in fact they were
the guys who invented Richie from Boer's head and Mark the Jets fan well what's the point what's
he used it's the lazy way out the lazy and it's very terminal believe you me but I'm excited now
that we got a new show we got two new shows we got for well on a radio and we have the Moe Gildi
and Dennis show now every morning so Dennis can tell you about how he has nothing against homosexuals
but they can't see slip in the same place like how about in the dormitories yeah maybe we
got to have a heterosexual dormitory and a homosexual dormitory make sure that homo guys aren't
sleeping with heterogies and the dikes with the head row ladies right with the ladies as long as
you're in in camp and keep in mind these are the calls on a sports show where you got all these guys
taking showers together I just mentioned that in passing five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T line here's for Lauderdale huh yes Neil yes sir first time caller all right listen
I want to make comment on Sosa's little problem with that court it looked at me it was just like
an athlete coming out of IR trying to gain a little support and little bat speed and that's all I see
in it I don't think it was his home run what do you mean what do you mean by that's a if you're
saying that he didn't intentionally yeah I mean you can make an excuse for that no there is no excuse
I mean it's like Bobby Valentine said he got caught you know but I think you're ready to say
when you're sure what you're suggesting is ludicrous because if that's the case what if he breaks
that bat which is it turns out he did and he's got 76 other bats that aren't court so well
what was the benefit you think it was an accident that that time we didn't know that court was there
I mean he has to sure let me say it again he's got 76 other bats none of them were court how is
that possible no it's not well so there you go he's he's he looked at me like an athlete uh
uh struggling let me ask you this sir seriously since nobody else cares about it who really
gives a crap when you come right down to it who cares I'd write you do why do you care I love
baseball oh okay well call call us Portio I don't know I'm just in it no use for it it's a waste of
time they've destroyed it they butchered it once upon a time was a lot of fun I was big into it it's
it's over the party's over he loves baseball so therefore he's concerned he's one of those 10 people
is most concerned about the sandy sources bat out of uh 551 1.8% join the other less than 2%
of the human racer who cares most about sandy sozin is court bad to be the fucking game exactly
most people care about where those weapons have matched destruction 241 they care about like the
future of the god damn human race in the world and now we're gonna keep spinning it around and
we're gonna let a bunch of nazi steal the election again next year that's what most people care
about when is mogan can now we're talking about something heavy duty 126 is George gay 68 maybe a
lot of guys out there are concerned maybe they'd like a date will there ever really be middle east p 62
yeah a piece of hollava a piece of uh baklava no they don't need to talk about what are they
who falafel I'm sorry that's what they and camel is that for all's real voice 26 Martha Stewart
gets indicted 16 people are most concerned about that not too many and only 10 care most about
sarah sandy using the court path oh the and the I mean you can send the the idea that people want
to sit and conjecture about that back and forth and on and on that even it makes my teeth ache it
makes me weak makes me weak at the knees burn them at the stake a court stake of course so let me ask
you think the Yankees are win the pennant next year not this year next year same kind of crap man
same I think I'm you know I'm gonna do what speaking of being a crusader I'm gonna change
something I'm gonna make sports talk illegal you know the FCC just did this thing they keep making
all these changes and broadcast regulations right I think what we need to do is make sports talk illegal
yeah I think it's detrimental to the mental health of America I and I don't think it is I know it is
God 1241 at 560 WQA and Brandy's used this years having a big big celebration they're celebrating
25 years in business in South Dakota same great location of servant people well doing good things
for you and your feet and they offer you a fantastic unbeatable selection of the top names of
men's women shoes in the universe they got them all rock ports echoes mafisto tibberland clerks essay
as floor shaman all the others that you know and love and they have a wide range of sizes at Brandy's
men size 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and wits from the very very narrowed of the very big fat and wide
and of course the professional sales holes at Brandy's will give you personal individual service
take care of you and your feet make sure you get a perfect fit every time and with over 40,000
peris shoes in stock in their gigantic 8,000 square foot megastore you can be damn sure you can bet
Georgia's life on it that exactly what you're looking for is in stock weighted to stuff on your feet
Brandy shoes a wonderful place to shop for shoes they're at 1290 North Federal Highway and
Poppano Beach open daily nine to nine Sunday's 10 to five and right now a great time to shop for
Father's Day at Brandy's this weekend Spirum men A.O. is only 4890 and Rockport World Tour is only
6990 so stop by Brandy shoes in Poppano Beach or visit them on the web at Brandy's I see the website
thing I'm a little bit because they keep changing this I think a Troy DeVoy keeps changing on me
every day like now he's got an apostrophe in it so try it a whole bunch of different ways it'll
keep you off the street Brandy's shoes dot com with or without whatever you want to stick in
the local this is five cities
you in Florida sucks
well my name is Gary Condon and I am living my worst beer
doesn't thank one of my interns and since she went and just so feared
you
Hope the Chandra, hope the Chandra, hope the Chandra, hope the Chandra, hope the Chandra,
yeah, and a blight of a boy.
Our Chandra is doing, by the way.
1247 at 560 WQAM.
So I just look on our website and the Bina boys put all kinds of new stuff on there
and not even telling me about it. It's something really sensational.
We replaced the Troy Stratford living hair piece, the one I kept hopping up and down,
with something even better and more exciting and that is dancing W.
Have you seen that?
Oh, that is sensational.
Man, he has tapped, answered up a storm.
Sammy Davis would be proud.
And then a quote underneath W.
It says, Mark Twain, it's better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you were full,
then to open it and remove all doubt.
And Mark Twain, as usual, was absolutely correct.
That's a beautiful thing right above the whole list of bushisms that we have there.
Second.
And above the new cartoons and above those grotesque pictures of the Butchered Children in Iraq.
And then of course our bedtime stories.
567-0560.
Plenty of open lines because I'm sure we don't want to talk to the same half-thousand people every day
because it's ponderous.
And if it means we've got to go back to begging for calls again, that's okay.
I don't care. I've got many, many years of practice doing that.
But what? The guy from Dallas calls me the second day in a row.
Are you ready for that? Like he's moving?
That's a guy that was going to go to Amsterdam, remember? Right?
Have a good time, pal.
Here's Volker. Hello.
What up, Doc? Hey, Neil. How you doing?
All right.
Hey, long time no talk to you.
Listen, I just wanted to talk to you about this.
First of all, let me get this out of the way.
Let me get this out of my chest.
Who gives the damn about Sammy Soesay before the cork and if he's hitting the damn,
but I'm not a melon. I don't care.
I hope he should stick a cork in his ass if he asks me.
I mean, who cares, man?
Nobody.
Give me a break.
Anyways, I always hear you talking on the show about losing weight and all that stuff.
One thing you're gonna talk about when somebody hacking, how can I gain weight, Neil?
I'm trying to gain a damn pound and I'm spending a month eating and eating it.
I can't gain a damn thing, Neil.
I'm keeping it.
What can I do?
Keep chewing on it.
I have no time for people like that. Just like vulnerable.
You know, eat some chocolate, man. It'll do it.
Eat a bunch of chocolate and bacon.
Make you a hell of a brunch.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That was one of them, by the way.
We got, in case you didn't know, 580 votes.
Which of these do you care about most?
And Sammy Soesay uses the cork bats only got 10.
1.7%.
Nobody cares.
The media cares.
They're hyperventilating.
See, somebody forgot to tell him that baseball is no longer America's a past, the national pastime.
It's kind of like life has passed them by.
Nobody cares.
I mean, they're a small handful of people.
It's like neurotic repetition.
You know, they just keep going and just keep watching.
Although most of them don't go to the games.
They just watch it if it's free on TV.
Or they just call in talk shows like sports talk shows.
And talk about it because that's for free.
Because, you know, opinions are like assholes.
Everybody's got one.
Oh, I think Sammy knew all about it.
I think he probably hit the other 500 bats with a cork.
Who gives a flying crap?
Like I said before, you got a little league game now with all these Phantom teams.
And they're keeping the same statistics.
Every statistic after expansion started in every sport should have a big asterisk.
You know, like they put the asterisk after Roger Maris broke Bay Brutes record.
Because it wasn't 154 games.
It was 162.
So they put the asterisk next to it.
But what they should do now is every record since expansion should have a big asterisk in a record book.
As if anybody cares because it's all Phantom crap.
It's all it's all little league.
You got guys that hit like 175 to Major League baseball players 220.
Forget about it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, video.
Yes, sir.
How are you today, sir?
I'm great.
I just thinking about what we're talking about getting up at three o'clock in the morning.
I've been doing that for about 10 years.
And I think it's really the best shift.
It's because a lot of advantages.
Yeah.
I'm not if you're 68 years old.
It's not well.
I'm 62.
Not too bad.
I'll be dead.
You know, the traffic you beat the traffic.
You get off my way home now.
You take a little nap in the afternoon.
I don't go to bed before 10, 10, 30 a night.
Get up at three.
Not bad.
Wow.
So in other words, you sleep split split shift.
Actually, I think all you know, you need about four or five hours sleep anyway.
No way.
Are you kidding me?
I'm serious.
Four or five hours sleep.
I think so.
You must be one of a rare breed, man.
I don't know anybody can handle four.
But not especially that age.
I don't know.
On the weekends, if I sleep eight or nine hours, then I feel like hell.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay, I'll give it a try.
And I'll stay out till about three in the morning.
Okay.
Thanks, pal.
By the way, bad news.
Canadian dollars up to 74.60 cents.
My, the American dollar is dropping at the point like water through a sieve like frogs from the sky.
And the euro is one 18 and a half.
Oh, that American dollar can't complain about its value anymore because generally speaking, don't have any.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and T in Verizon wireless line.
I just get that nervous feeling in a pit of my stomach that the audience is on the verge of running out of material about everything on the verge.
On the verge.
No, I mean, like really, you know, the ultimate.
They've been, they've been hovering for quite a while for years now.
But I think they're right on the edge of going over that precipice.
I think if they hold off to like about the 4th of July, it would be a real good.
You know, that would be excellent.
I thought I'd want to leave you holding the bag, but of course, what would be wrong with leaving you holding the bag?
Here's a call from Coral Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, I mean, how are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
Well, the reason I'm calling this, my name here on the news yesterday was the guy in California who was authorized to grow pot for the state.
Oh, you know something I looked for that story on the Internet.
I'm glad you mentioned that that the judge gave him one day in jail and let him out.
Good.
Well, still should never happen to begin with.
Exactly. This is the guy that the jury was prevented from hearing.
We had the story on months ago that the guy was growing pot for medical use legally under the law passed in California.
It wasn't breaking any law.
And they came in there and they raided the joint.
They arrested this guy.
They could have gotten 60 years in jail because of the damn DEA, the federal of the feds.
And the judge said this is ridiculous.
And he gave him the one day in jail already served in the turn and loose.
True.
Does everybody around the world complain about our government locking on them?
They do the same thing here.
It's just, you know, people don't open their eyes to just one more.
Exactly. Okay, thanks for reminding me.
I forgot all about.
Thank you.
Because we had talked about that story when it happened in the incredible outrage.
Medical marijuana is legal under the Florida law and the feds.
The NARCs come in there.
You're growing them marijuana and you're going to end up trying to put them away for 60 years.
Traject pathetic.
Does anybody care?
No.
No, the media has all whipped up about Sammy Soeson is cork bad.
I think they had a stuff of cork in it, don't you?
That's what I think.
Much of fascist, crazy, maniacal, manipulative bastards.
I guess if they keep most people tied up trying to stay out of jail and everything and trying to keep from all this other crap,
then they don't have time to like worry about ask questions about where's the weapons of mass destruction.
And let's see that vote count again from 2000 and all these other things, you know.
And how come all the veterans are losing their benefits and how come the poor people and the kids with little,
the families with little children can't get any tax relief?
Those are the questions that people want to know, but in the meantime we're worried about some guy that's going pot legally from medical purposes out there in California.
Let's go through a whole big, so-and-a-dance and waste a lot of taxpayer money to try to put that guy's ass away because he's dangerous.
He's a threat.
Here's a call from Poppano. Hello.
Hi Neil. I have two different things. One, I have something for your list on reasons we hate Mo.
Oh good. That went over like a pregnant pool of water.
He thinks he's really hot being the voice of the dolphins, but we all know he's really a jet fan.
Okay, he's a jet fan. It's number six, okay.
And the other thing I was going to tell you when you were saying you didn't feel satisfied when you were eating the ice cream,
when you kept eating hard carbs don't stay in your stomach and send a signal to your brain to tell you you're full,
but proteins do. That's why the steak makes you feel full.
There you go. That's why you KD-2-1 Pringles and you might have eaten the whole damn container full.
Right, because carbs pass straight through to your intestine. They don't stay in the stomach.
I think we find carbohydrates ought to be outlawed.
I agree.
Starting after I croak.
But the protein state is I just in your stomach, which tells your brain you're satisfied and full,
so you're better off eating the proteins.
Okay.
All right, I just want to give you a big shout.
Sounds real easy to me.
Thanks.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
He's a cake.
Oh, I shouldn't say that.
When you're in town next.
It's as easy as pie.
Oh, see?
I'm going to bring my camcorder in.
For what?
And I'm going to tape you like preparing and then eating a bowl of ice cream and then edit it into one of those montages,
like you see in Requiem for a dream.
The prepping of the no ice cream one on there.
Oh, good.
I don't think.
Then we can put it on the website.
Why?
Because you want to embarrass and humiliate and degrade me on my own website?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's continue embarrassing and humiliating and degrading Mo on our website.
Not me.
What's wrong with that?
It's too easy.
Yeah, you're right.
I don't take much.
You're right.
Like I said, piece of cake.
This is better.
Cake.
That's sex.
Cake.
Find a way, Mo.
We're going to take another picture.
Take off those checkered papers.
Yeah, people are talking again.
The ones that are like lime green and the...
The doctor that performed the surgery on Jake Viedler's thumb didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay.
I would have played the whole thing though.
It's so cruel.
And especially where guilty is like shmerkling in the background.
That's better.
Just like that.
1257 at 560 WQM just minutes away from our gigantic one to two hours.
Oh!
World famous.
Well, I tell you, 10 to 2 sure is how beats 9 to 1.
Why do they do that to us for all those months?
You bastards.
You lunatics, Greg.
Whoever else was responsible for that insinant madness.
Let me tell you right now, easy piece of shopping to do that doesn't require you to leave your house just reach over and lift the thing off the receiver.
Lift up your phone and call our good buddies at the Alamacris.
They're ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction.
And when you buy a mattress from these folks and you finish with a whole deal, you understand why.
Just one easy call to 1-800 mattress.
And you won't believe how easy it is to pick out the perfect bed for you depending on your back and how you like to sleep, like upside down, vertical, horizontal, whatever.
The expert bedding consultants will guide you through the whole process because they really know bedding inside and out.
Unlike when you go to a showroom and talk to some shmerkle who stares you toward the house brand because they told them to do it.
Or maybe a discontinued setter, some mismatch or some crap like that.
Alamacris doesn't have time for crap.
They carry only the best the top quality mattresses in the world.
They got CLE, SIRTA Simmons, Tempor PEDIC, no sales gimmicks, no false promises, no phony ads.
They've got the high-end beds too, like CLE's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand growing all at low prices every day.
And when you talk to the people at Alamacris at 1-800 mattress, ask about their exchange policy.
If you're not completely satisfied, then exchange it free and no questions as plus.
Alamacris gives you a free set up, pre-removally, and you get to choose the date and time for delivery.
That fits your schedule any to our window that's convenient for you.
Nobody else does that.
Alamacris, the easy and smart way to get you a great night's sleep for months and years to come with one simple call to 1-800-MACRIS-1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, or visit them on the web, macchris.com.
We're sports radio 516, QAAM.
Not just the 1-2 hour, it's a phenomenon!
You love Shakira's top 10 hits underneath your clothes.
I'm a mid-door claw, that's an endless story.
Listen, that's wrong.
And now you'll love her new album. Shakira's in other people's heads.
She already made music history by recording her first English language album.
And now she's taking her art form to the next level.
By re-recording songs that were already hits in English, only this time they're in English again.
I'm so glad to have you here.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
If you really, really like Shakira's CD, laundry service, then you'll really, really, really like her new CD.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
No den aimers in it, but you'll win in those moments.
Muchis Grasius, 103 hits are gigantic 1-2 hour boy.
It's so much better being back on Tinditoo, you know what?
And also following something that's got a real show.
I hope your car gets stolen.
Okay, thanks.
Anyway, here's the story.
I just printed it out from the LA Times.
The guru of Ganges gets a day in jail.
We're getting to that.
Now the fact you just sent me, see, it wasn't bad enough that the...
And the guy was a good guy, but he wanted to talk about hockey for half an hour and chase away the whole audience.
You notice how the fall... the fall is called.
Yeah.
And the calls fall right after that.
I mean, you just... you cannot go on a radio and talk about things that you are interested in,
that nobody else cares about and expect to have anybody listening.
Learned that a long time ago, but not soon enough.
Because here's this thing from the Cleveland Plain dealer, a harness racing story.
The Northfield Park's Battle of Lake Erie, Saturday said,
you should come down for this. I have a seat for you in my box.
You're number one fan of Cleveland.
Well, thank you very much, Pally, but no, I don't go to Cleveland.
And especially if I want to see races, I can go to Woodbine, I can go to Mohawk, I can go to Hell, like whatever.
You know, I go to Batavia, I can go to Hamburg, to Buffalo Raceway.
Oh, don't say Hamburg.
You get those crazy people crazy again.
They'll get them nuts.
But don't let me forget about the horse meat in Salami.
Okay, hey.
But anyway, now, well, before that, this is more important.
And I'm glad that that color reminded me of this.
I mean, all this other crap is cockarrived that they're worried about that bitch Martha Stewart and Sammy Stink and Sosa.
This is about freedom, man.
This is about the kind of country you people live in.
And it seems to me that most people look, you have a flying fig.
That's the sad part.
The guru of Gondje gets a day in jail, a judge-freez activist who's become assembled
in a clash with the federal government over California's medical merogelini laws.
Ed Rosenthal has the look of a high school biology teacher in the resume of a stoner.
For years he's written passionately about marijuana for High Times magazine,
authored books about pot and served as a high priest of the medical marijuana movement on Wednesday,
meaning yesterday, he had a new chapter.
The 59-year-old pot activist entered federal court in San Francisco, facing years behind bars
for cultivating more than 100 marijuana plants for a very medical pot dispensary he walked out of free man.
U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer, who makes a hell of an ice cream by the way,
first decided to plead from prosecutors for a six and a half year sentence declaring that Rosenthal should spend just one day in jail.
He then waived the sentence for time already served after Rosenthal's arrest last year by drug agents
from the notorious the Uxius DEA.
Breyer cited the extraordinary circumstances of the case, including eight jurors who said after the trial
that they would have acquitted Rosenthal, had he been allowed to present evidence that his pot plants were intended for medical use.
They didn't let them tell the jury that his pot plants were for medical use.
And you remember the stories back when this thing was going on, that the jurors were foaming at the mouth they were matter than a wet hen,
and that they would have reversed the conviction if they had known that the pot was intended for medical use since it was legal under state law at the time.
The judge's decision was met by wild cheering and applause in the courtroom.
Oh, oh, oh, right.
I take responsibility for my actions that bring me here today.
I took these actions because my conscience led me to help people who are suffering Rosenthal said these laws are doomed.
It brought an end to a topsy-turvy legal case that Thrust Rosenthal and the National Spotlight,
he became a symbol of the ongoing clash over California's medical marijuana laws,
and the uncompromising prohibitions of the Federal Freaking God-Damn Fascist Government.
That's what it is. The Federal Freaking Fascist God-Damn Government. That's what it is.
What that will ever happen to states rights? What that will ever happen to individual freedoms, huh?
Oh, no, the DEA, man. Just say the drugs took that wicked and just like the thing that Canada's having with the US,
which they wanted to really decriminalize the marijuana laws here,
and now they had to water it down and try to pacify it as fascist in Washington because let's face it.
They're flexing their muscle now, man. Number one under block the USA.
You're going to do it our way. Our way or the highway, the Hershey Highway, as Duff would say.
Right. Right away. Thanks again, Duff called me during the break.
I said, be sure and thank Beenerboy for doing that prep work.
You said it saved me a lot of time and a lot of aggravation. No.
A lot of that high-colonic crap. Don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, yeah. How about you suck an ass?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
If you haven't seen the Mo picture on all fours on our website, please. It'll give you a chuckle, okay?
Yeah, just one. It'll give you several chuckles.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Miami. Hello. Yes, sir.
I have a question for you.
A president can only run for two years.
But for two years, two years, two terms.
Yeah. After he served the two, if another president takes over, can he run again?
No. 5, 6, 7, 0, you know, this bubbled the other day.
I think it was talking about that about he thinks that law should be changed not for him, although I think that would be great.
But not for him, but just in general, I think he's right.
Yeah. Although let's make sure we don't change it retroactive for W.
Oh.
Can you even imagine? Look at all the open lines in that board, baby. Wow.
They're really impressed about the Ed Rosenthal thing in the medical mirror one.
All the other stuff we're talking about. No, they don't care about that. They want to know about Sammy Sosa's bad.
I'll guarantee you that on the sports shows yesterday, there were more zillions of phone calls.
They'll look at the whole hour here right now. Oh, yeah.
Guaranteed about Sammy and the decorquit that he stick it that he suck it that he lick it that he eat it.
And we sit here like begging and pleading and like just prostating ourselves.
And I got prostrating. What's the word prostating?
It is not.
Here's Boker. Hello.
Let's open a joint for you to the back.
Oh, God.
Here's a call from Jacksonville. Hello.
My any hello.
Okay, now we're doing it. Now we know it's the one to two hour.
Okay. Now we know it's back.
We don't have anybody on the line. It's got the IQ larger than their thumbnail.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the I'm going back to bedtime stories. I think I'll be God.
No, I'm serious.
This this business is sitting down wondering are they are they going to be in the mood to call unless it's a list.
I told you this many months ago.
This is what's happening. It's either got to be a list or one of those stupid sports things about Sammy's bad.
That's it.
And I'll say it again. If I'm on a year talking sports in South Florida, I'm talking Brian Greasy and J. Feedler.
Not about that Sammy had croaked his bed.
Last time I checked Sammy don't play for any South Florida team.
Does he play for South Florida team? Who gives a crap? Okay.
Sammy's thinking so sir.
Oh, I love you. I love you. I love you. I'll let crap. You know, just like leave on Miami. I love you.
All that baloney. I don't love him anymore. So I have an idea.
Yeah, for a new list.
Yes. Wait.
And you notice how many responses we got on that too that one ice lady.
Moza Jets fan that was number six. The top five slots. We haven't even filled yet.
Yes. Which.
Ask that's it. No, just which.
Oh, which of these. Yeah.
And they can just call something.
We're not we do that every day.
Which of these do you care about most is the pool today and see we're not letting them add to.
We didn't let them build the list so they like take a exception of that.
Oh, we got nothing to say then.
631 votes. Where are the methods of methods of last destruction 282 of the 44.6% of votes.
When's well getting can 137 is George gay 80?
Will there really be Middle East peace 72 is that really for else real voice 30.
Martha Stewart gets invited 18 and Sammy. So he uses the cork bat only 11 people 1.7%.
Out of 636 just a handful give a crap about that and rightfully so rightfully freaking so.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, no, how you doing? Okay.
Open color brother checking in.
Do you think that if they ever find which they will but I think it'll be planted.
But don't you think that if they find weapons of mass destruction it'll be the ones that will plan it.
I don't think we're going to find squad.
But if the pressure really gets on them don't you think they're going to have that as a.
No, the too late now if they were smart enough to that they've done already.
So okay, but that's all I had.
Okay, thanks. Not going to find not not going to find Squatsky.
Remember Squatsky and Crutch.
Yeah, that was a bad show. Yeah, probably.
Chapter one at five sixty WQM is the audience is getting really Kent tankers now man.
They got no material they got nothing they got zero they got Zipity do does Zipity a started out is a pretty good day.
Nice of those pictures of Aaron and Amy I said wow this they can't be all bad you know.
And then we put the picture of Mo on all fours on our way see that alone did anybody comment about that now we know that everybody in this audience looked at it.
Right right the picture to and the picture to and was crap at her pants over it and because we could even get you to our.
It was so mobbed which has never happened before we had more goddamn traffic than the pal Metta with 530 in the afternoon.
Any comment no you oh man.
Hey, how low can they go now the financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest be financing rate you ever heard of in your life 1.95%.
That's right. It's true.
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low 1.95% financing with our friends at financial group be sure and tell them that Todd director to call 1 809 for Oland.
That's 1 809 for O L. E. N. D. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate call financial group and 1 809 for Oland and talk about savings when in doubt check this out.
If you have a 100,000 dollar loan your payments are only 368 dollars a month. If you have you wait 200,000 dollar loan you pay only 736 a month so call financial group 1 809 for Oland to get the low low rate you're looking for 1.95% interest rates are at all time low so don't wait call now get you the rate that you've been praying and hoping in the squeezing for 1.95% from financial group.
Call them today while you're thinking about it 1 809 for Oland there's no obligation else clean it to you that's financial group and 1 809 for O L. E. N. D. The Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I
I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I
love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love
Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shak
I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I
love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira. I love Shakira.
They're mercenaries. They're horrors who sell themselves to the highest god damn bitter
Which is okay, but when the public got a pay for it pay the freight then that's where we draw the line
That's right, draw it
tragic Brian greasy wants this and Brian greasy wants that and the talks are getting real screw you Brian okay
Overrated highly overrated ugly beside really ugly
You know what I'm saying? No, he couldn't look Tom Brady's jock strap you might like to
Here's taberniere. Hello
Yes, I just finished up for crusade for the homeless and
Revenge on right I Reverend Jones who's all of a sudden moved to taberniere good keep moving Reverend keep moving see an Alabama
Here's plantation hello
Oh, Neil that's a tough call to follow now
Yeah, um Neil, can you play for all face please?
Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, yes, sir. Hello there, Neil
Yeah speaking hi
nice to hear you
Man, you know you went through about three different subjects by the time I
That's okay. I'm over here. No, anyway. Just go right in here
I've when you played that song was me here and all those old voices Phil Henry Rick Riley high Rick
But anyway, you know what what did you decide about a dog?
Bigger pardon remember you were asking about a dog did I have a deadline?
I'm gonna decide about a dog. I don't know I can't listen every day
If I didn't know I haven't decided yet. I'm still mulling it over. I think the answer will be oh
I'm not getting no more dog. Well, you know what when people are calling up talking about dogs
They were saying well you won't this dog is so smart you want this other dog is so smart
Well, you know I know I don't really don't think we want smart dogs
For smart pets not that hard we don't need to find enough to find the cat box, but uh-huh
But because some years ago I worked at monkey jungle and monkeys are smart and
The smarter an animal is the more destructive it's gonna be yeah, that's that's the
D.V. Is in dangerous. That's true. Yeah
I mean ask any Bill grab the glasses off your head
Although my men pin was very smart, but he was D.V. Is in dangerous too
So that doesn't necessarily it all depends on the individual it's like people some of more D.V. Is in dangerous like Moe
For example, here's a fact that says from Richard hey dick. Thanks for the try dick evil
Don't know if you ever did a poll on favorite TV show theme song. Oh, did we ever do shows on it?
I got a policy these behind me there over in the corner up to the ceiling if not you can probably get a good list going
How's this first start Hawaii Bible? Don't I'm all okay? Thanks Richard P. S the most pictures great
He really is a penis head now we're talking now. There's a response to someone can
So would you ever decide about fighting your dog? I mean
Ask you want to go kill like crap something very important. Yeah paper or plastic
Well, to wipe I like paper
Try plastic
Be right back. You can worship off and use it again
Here's Val Harbor. Hello
Hey, the old story on how you doing sir?
Hey, the time you get a dog is the time to go back to answer them right exactly
Uh-huh about 30 man
How do body experience you sure you want to take any more these band?
Oh, yeah, see this is what they have left we knew we shouldn't know by now
I have to run out. This is what you get after that you reach a certain point in the show sometimes it's early
They thank God it was the last hour was our gigantic famous one. Now you know why it's a famous one to two hour
It's flaming
26 after one at five sixty WQM are you bald? Are you flaming? They'll call fast train that can't do nothing for you
If you have a sexual performance problem claiming you're not they still can't help you but
If you're stuck on a really crappy
Very embarrassing and ponderous dead end job then our friends at fast train to the people you want to be talking to right away
Because fast train can have your fully trained already for a new high-paying computer career in just four short months
That's four rhymes with moe call fast train at one eight six six fast train
They've got locations all over town. They're in Miami, Kendall for Lauderdale in Pember find so pick up the phone right now
On say goodbye to your dead end job forever call one eight six six fast train and don't forget fast train offers job placement assistance
Financial aid convenient evening a weekend classes
You have no excuses no mode a standard dead end job working for some schmuck for a real puts for an asshole
You know a career is just a phone call and four short months away
So jump on that fast train and call fast train today and one eight six six fast train or check them out of the web if you're like at fast train
da
non-sports you a
The second already
ah
And now every corner has a shepherd run back dead
Most of them are dead back dead
Shots and quarters in the head back dead
Make that oil flow, again that price and gas down low
We're giving him a taste of the vibrancy
With the fractured barrel and an apple and bees back dead
The corporate war is one back dead
We only jumpy gone back dead
The world is ours, you know, I'll have a bag of deep pride
Give me toes to go
Just like the Nazis in one more two
There was a whole lot of art for the brass to boost back dead
Grab everything again back dead
They won't be doing that again back dead
Maybe we want two wars, anybody know what the rattlers were
You want some water, well now it's ours
We'll sell you a bottle for a nominal charge back dead
We got the stock in decks back dead
I'd rather go to be next back dead
Now push his gun, that he's little boy gets anything he wants
I'd rather go to be next back dead
He's little boy gets anything he wants that
I think I'm pleased as much we got this new email set up going
This rummage felled in the village people guy
This is great, that's got to get on our website immediately
Not sooner, it will be
It's kind of worth a beating lunch right now, give him a break
I like the way rummage holds his hands on the podium
They're like he's done it all for you, you know, and he
I like the lot of guys going on all fours lately, it looks like
It's the new thing
And we got another entry for our contest which is good
We're still for the hot couples contest
We got the Darren and what's your name?
Darren and Holly
Yes
Two pictures for the price of one
You'll pick whichever one you want to stick on there
I know which one you want to stick
But that's great
So we're starting to make a little bit of progress
You know it's going to take a while
What's going to take about two, three years?
Right, to get back to the away we were, the attend to
Let's have the way we were, let's sing that
Barbara Streisand, the way we were
His stand that cross-eyed bitch with her big nose
With her crappy attitude
The only vision James Brolin is doing her now is because he's old and
He's skanky looking like you
You think when he was younger he never would have touched her
Yeah, James Brolin, he was a pretty good looking guy
What was he in?
Movies
No but seriously, what TV show was he in James Brolin?
I forgot
Come on, are you serious?
I do a lot of drugs
Haha
What time was that on?
Here's Miami, hello
Hello
Yes sir
How you doing Neil?
Great
Yeah, I just call him to say I don't think Jorge is gay there
You know, I think he's just a bisexual
He likes to try it?
Yeah, he likes to try it all
Try anything, you know
Oh and also remember Neil?
Remember this always remember
We rate Mo
Okay
Mm-hmm
Well he was doing good after the first part there, you know
And then he tried to like go a little bit too far
He's got a big heart on
Maybe that's the problem
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10
Here's the poll today which of these do you care about most?
Got a lot of votes, somebody must be out there, 694 votes
And this is the second poll keep in mind
Remember the first one?
Uh-huh
That which of these broads do you like?
I mean
Something like that
Which of these do you care about the most?
We'll go from the bottom
Sammy Sosa uses a cork bat 13
1.8%
A very miniscule number of people care about that
Martha Stewart gets indicted only 20
We know it was coming and screw the bitch anyway we hate her
Is that for Rosario voice?
33
So now we're starting to get to the more important stuff
Well there really be Middle East piece 81
Is George Gay 90
When is Mo getting canned 151
Well I'll tell you something he really
He can hold his own, you know
And where are the weapons of mass destruction?
304
44% of this audience wants to know
Where the F are those weapons of mass effing destruction
Where are they?
Anybody know?
No
We're working on them
Here's Jupiter hello
Can only eel
Yeah
Hey I think we should send that North Carolina
cops that found Rudolph
Over to the middies
Help us find Saddam
Send him over to Iraq to look for some weapons
Yeah
Well the weapons troops
Well maybe send him over to
Israel
He can find Ariel and other Salami sandwich
Or maybe Dick Cheney to find Dick Cheney
Maybe he can find Dick yeah
And I think the fix is in
I think since ABC is broadcast in the cops
The season
Yeah
The final
And the sound
It's kind of strange that
That we've got the ducks in the final two aren't
The owned by the same company
Well I don't want to drop any names
Because there's nothing worse than the name dropper
But I was going to say
Oh I schner
Yeah
I think I saw some
We'll all know
I'll have a second by the way
They've been trying to unload the ducks
For a couple of years now at ABC and Disney
And now all of a sudden
Is there's opening up a big mouth
They're going to win in six
Oh I schner
Yeah
Yeah
He's a very hot guy
Even
He's got a knee
I think he's going to need seven
I think I'll win it
But uh
I think it seems a little strange
That uh
The season
The ducks make the unbelievable run
The end
They happen to be owned by the same company
Here we go
Well we'll check it out
We'll put
We'll put Chilock on the case
Thanks
Thanks Pally
By the way
We ever get an answer from Fatboy
About that question we had
No
He's on it though
The map
He's on it
Yeah he's on it
I bet he
Oh yeah
You find a mattress
Fatboy is sprawled on it
Probably with a god damn sandwich in each hand
He makes my ice cream story
Pailing to win significance
Hi!
He could probably polish her off
Two half gallons in one sitting
See I should
I should feel honored to be
reminded by so many gigantic blobs of fat
Because as many sugar problems
As much of an addition as I've got
At least that only like 600 pounds
Okay
At least I don't have to be taken out of the building
With a crane
God
So what's the story with him
He's working out of the house
Right
Which means what
It's his dream come true
He gets to stay in bed
With a phone on his lap
And his little organizer
And the
And have food brought to him
And the fat family
He's bringing him food
Like the guy that was on her out of
Who they literally had to remove
With a crane
Through the roof
From his house
The 600 pound guy
They're gonna put a webcam in there
So he can attend the
Conference meetings over here
The QIM sales meetings
And he's just
Keep it up, Pally
Keep it up, Pally
How'd you like that lame excuse that
SCRUAN had for the fact that the log is all screwed up
And they don't know what's going on
What it was Jeff Heistfall
Although I don't blame the SCRUAN so much
Because they always like to spring this crap on her
You know
Nobody ever tells her stuff
That's probably because nobody wants to go back
There is a smell of her, you know
Here's Miramar
Hello
Take it out with email to her
Miramar
Yes sir
Question for you
I think it was on Tuesday
You were talking about Paul Wolfwood
And I guess it was with a German newspaper
Right
I just read the
It's correction on that from the Guardian
Yes they said that they misinterpreted his comment
And they ran a correction
Okay that's why I never heard any more about it
I mean on the news
Well yeah because the garden
Well you wouldn't have heard it on the news anyway
You mean on the American news
Forget about that
You had to be kidding me
All right because I'm waiting for the impeachment hearing
So it began
Oh you know something sure
This is the best fall I've had in a long time
I mean seriously
And not too
Right
To the fact Bob Graham said today
His comment was that if it come to find out that they
That they fudged it all about this weapons of mass destruction crap
That Bush is going to have to answer for it
Which is kind of code for if you like the last impeachment hearing
Wait to do this one
Well I think we should have a poll
Sometime maybe next week
As to who's going to lose their job first
Tony Blair or our illustrious president
Tony Blair George W Bush or Mo Howard David it I like that
Well that would be pretty good
I was right away
My wife from Mississauga
I'm living in Dianne by the leaves
Well mostly Dianne lately
You got it
And if they tried to talk Spayla
They're going to come back out of every time
It again for next year come back one more year
And he said no way
Yeah I think we should bring back Kim Horton
What do you think?
I think Tim Horton and Carl Brewer be great
You got it
King in their pound of goaliefs though
Thank you
See it the AACC
See right up here which is hockey central Toronto
And the world is some of you know
I'm sure
They're telling you that this is the worst crap they've ever seen
What the the game is turning into now
In fact some of the comms are saying they should go to
For on for hockey all the time
I just over time and I say
Yes that sounds great open up the iceman
Quit the clutching and the grabbing
Make it exciting
Let's have some 7 to 6 games
Let's have some scoring
Even George you don't care about hockey or sports
Even he likes to score once every couple of years
Hi, how are you?
Oh
I don't know I guess he's comic relief you know he really is
When you got that sales department photo
The people we've had back there over the years
He's he's comic relief
Well in fact great hard to the QAM curve
It's hard to dislike him for a long period of time
Well he won't let you
Yeah that's right in fact he's like one of the like a cat
You throw it against the wall
You shove it out the door and it keeps coming back
Like that some I told you that story
Right I don't want to say it again
Because they'll get the pita people after me
That's a true story though I was in summer school in Michigan state
And I'm in Abbott Hall which was a girl's dorm
I think they knew something
But in the summertime they turned into a guy's dorm
And anyway so this little cat keeps showing up at my dorm
And I made the bad mistake the first day I fed it something
I don't know
And of course it keeps coming back
And I would pick that thing up and I can't say it
Because I've said it before but it's bad
I like heave it against the wall
Just get out of here and try to take a nap
And it just it didn't phase it in the least
It would keep coming back and just it loved me
I think I guess that's my only pussy story at a pass along
You know pita
Oh yeah they'll be knocking on the door anytime
No those pita people
You did work through a cat while shame on you
We're gonna show you a thing or two
Yeah in fact I think it's the same cat that went up on my head I believe
Hey I'll tell you something good for you
That's olio-matte I've got some right in the other room
But I got some olio-matte soft shells for my blood pressure
It's great stuff and they've got the best olive oil in the world
Inside these little capsules super concentrated
Loaded with health benefits for you
Olio-matte in your system every day
Can't produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol
And there are 14 different olio-matte formulas from which to choose
Each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals
And herbal substance support specific health needs
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system and lots more
All you do is pick out the formulas that are right for you
And what areas you want to improve
And now there are three new olio-matte formulas
One to help you sleep
One to help you control your weight and self-cutane for your heart
So pick some up today
You'll find olio-matte all over town
Pick some up at publics,
Echards, Walgreens, Whole Foods,
Markets, Navarros or Sennanos
Or order olio-matte online if you like it
olio-matteamerica.com
If you want information
Beyond what we just been telling you
column toll free at 1-866 olio-matte and ask the way
There's no obligation
1-866-65363633
Don't forget for better health
Start popping some olio-matte in your fists
Like right away
My life and love
This is for real by 60
You ain't way
Damn
I wore much better pants when my career was alive
Stop getting out from my mouth
You're not in a way in here
Hey, you want something to eat?
What do you got?
Uh, nothing
But I can pull something out of my ass
No, Moa
I got it going
I'm starting a new business
Pretty no good
Yeah, I'm gonna be a booker
I'm proud of my bubbler
Thanks, Moa
Oh, yeah
You sure you want something to eat, huh?
Oh, I can tell you
Hey, what are you trying to get back?
Well, no, no, I don't know what you're talking about
You just took a place to a pointful pill
Different prescription, you moron
Oh!
I got him from my deductors
What's that?
Doctor, what's it through you?
Who looked my hair as ruined as fuel
Oh, my god, this place is a mess
And my underwear smells like hot polo-y
Now get out of here, my favorite show is on
We got allusion
Ah!
It's a flip, flip, flip, flip, flip
Move, join in this from prestigious
Broke a little farther
Ah, me, puppy
Well, I just like to see
That's a lovely dress you got on there, your homo
Anyway, thank you
I am blind, but you're three-five-hundreds
I feel like running on the street
I can't look
I'm a naked man, you want to make me pal-hast
No, am I
Look, you want to make me pal-hast
Hey, come here, you want to make me pal-hast
I'm a naked man, I'm a naked man
I'm a highly desirable ass
Hey, you're a naked man
I'm a naked man
Can't I have a right to eat all this
Hey, you see, I'm a naked man
Take a look at this here
Move, move, move, move, move
Hey, come here, come here, come here, come here
I was on radio, you know
I was on the radio
Just so gunned, told that you won't feel that thing
I was on the radio
Move! Move! Move! Move! Move! Move!
Move! Move! Move! Move! Move!
Duk and I decided to stop by
See how you were doing
I denied, denied
Oh, this is terrible
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pack
148 and 560, WQA
And I wonder which it was Greg and Duffair
when to which one was crying
Horse Meat Found in Salami. Food Standards, this is in London. Food Standards officers say they'll test
salamis after discovering consumers were unwittingly eating horse meat. The Food Standards Agency,
an independent food safety watchdog said it would test more than 100 salamis and other processed
meats, active and informal survey earlier this year, found out three of 24 products tested
contained horse meat was enough and declared as an ingredient. Of the three products found to
contain horse meat, two came from Belgium and a third from Italy. We don't know the, I wonder if
Enrico Belied drove that horse in the fourth race, the one from Italy? You know Enrico Belied?
Huh? What? We don't know yet the scale of the problem we want to find out so the
agency's had a food labeling Rosemary Hignet. Some people may prefer not to eat these products,
even though food safety is not the issue when they are often traditional recipes.
Food Standards officers said they would also conduct test to find out if any products contained
donkey meat. Oh God. Hignet said local councils across Britain would collect samples of meats
including pastrami and chorizo from supermarkets and over the next few months. Oh Chalizo,
you know that's that Argentinian sausage right? It's just Spanish for sausage. Oh I love that. I
had the seminar that was one of the few good things I had in Amsterdam, one of the few good sausages.
Chalizo, I never had that before, you ever had it? Oh yeah. Pretty good. Yeah. Pretty tasty,
pretty spicy. Only they give you like little, I don't know, maybe because it's those
spices that little tiny portions. There's different, different kinds. Like a little small weiner.
They said, here you go. Here's something you can relate to. We have a weiner. I said,
guess what? I'm not coming back. You assholes. How's the belief? Stick it. The guy who called
me before he gave me the pull for it tomorrow. We haven't finished it yet, but who should lose
his job first? I've got four choices already. George W. Bush, Tony Blair, Donald Rumsfeld,
or Mohawar Davida, and we'll add some more on there. Isn't that great? Excellent. I think
that's a good pull. Something we had never done before. And speaking of be full, don't forget to go
on our website today. Not only vote on the pull, but also take a look at that award-winning picture
of Moe and all foes. It's a beautiful thing. What I tell you Moe, practice makes perfect.
Here's Volca. Hello. Volca. Hello. Yes sir. Oh I'm on 95. I'll start to hear you. First of all,
the market's well-being. That's what the James Brolam was on. He was about 30 years ago. That was
a TV show. I called about there. You're investing the plant thing in San Francisco. I just finished
the book by a guy named Schlosser. Eric Schlosser. It's about Black Underground Economy. Did you read
that? It's about three sections. One section, the first section is about the pot laws and Ed Rosenthal,
the blog is mentioned in there several times. It's a very current book. One of the cool things
about it is that many of the men that tried to put Bobo away a couple of years ago, they were
trying to pander for the stiff pot laws. After their kids got busted, they mentioned things. Some
people are like Bob Barber and not Bob Barber, but another one that's similar to him. But his
kid got busted after saying we have to put these people who peddled poison to our children in jail
forever. One of the kids got busted tearing 40 pounds of pot across the country. This guy shows up.
His progress was important. The kid admits that he had taken a part of taking 3,000 pounds across.
They ended up giving him only two years. They said they wouldn't give them that much. But the
violators bailed three times by doing cocaine. The congressman said, cleaning before the judge
in tears saying he's such a good boy. He said he has a good part. He didn't really meet it. Could
you please give them a break? He never smells for each drink. Well, that's exactly. It shows the
hypocrisy of the whole BS as well. The other thing I wanted to mention, the other book that
these are both on the New York Times non-fiction bestseller list right now. It's the guy that
writes for the Guardian that, oh man, I forget his name, starts with a P. He says, he's about
number 6% on the list. He writes about the Bush senior and after Bush senior got out of
office, like the Goldbine in Colorado, the biggest one in the world, how they gave George
Senior all the money to help push the Canadian to the school of fine. They put up a 10 cents
an acre and it shows all the payoffs that the Bush family has gotten over the years. This guy is a
I think it's already under the observer. He's even my driver's fist, do you?
No, no, his name is like plot or something like that. He's looking at the top 10 this week in the
book review you'll see it's, I think they really have one on drive and slips on my mind. I get some
too old. If I can remember Marcus 12, there you go. We're in a time warp like Boca-Bride.
Okay, I'll look it up. Thanks. I love these shoes. Bye. Thanks. 153 at 560 WQAN.
This is 430560 WQAN.
From the producers of the iMac war, all Wolfowitz and Karl Role presents Bush 911,
our fearless hero starring Robert DuValle as Karl Role. They hit the towers at
an hour and a clock this morning and Mel Gibson as our glorious and fearless leader for life.
Those bastards to the kids I'll read you a minute another time. I paint my face blue.
Three or three times for me to leap into action.
Stop right there, you bulldoers. You're too late, O'Glorious, Nanny. The buildings are down.
They're not old. Jump for our wage war until those rifles do is a grotesque justice.
All the facts in every detail, carefully calculated to keep you amused. Bush 911, our fearless hero,
only on showtime. 157 at 560 WQAN. Meddog 2 to 4. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello.
Neil. Yes, me. I have a good Philip Seymour Hoffman film for you.
Okay. It's called Love Liza. Have you seen that one? No.
Oh, this is it's very intense. He becomes a huffer. He starts sniffing gasoline after his wife passed
her away. And it's just one of those. Is there any Huffington in it?
It's just despair. It's like Requiem in that way. Oh brother.
Yeah. But check it. Did you see Magnolia? Yeah, I did. I liked it. I liked it. George
despised it. He said he said he said there were too many loose ends. No, no, I like the ending.
Because that's why life is. Yeah, it was just the message of the movie is that a bunch of weird
crap happens. That's all there. Exactly. I mean, what's the point of going to each one of the
nine different storylines and like having a wrap them all up? We get the message.
And there's really nothing redeeming about it except, you know, sometimes life sucks.
Right. Exactly. And sometimes frogs fall out of the sky. Thanks. Okay.
Yeah. Have a great day. Anyway, the poll today, this was a pretty interesting show. We were
like all over the place. I enjoyed this today immensely. Didn't you?
It was okay. It was a little spastic. I knew it was okay. It was four hours.
It was four hours. Give or take. Give or take a couple of minutes. I thought it was just fine.
I read the Brian Greacy story out of the hero. I reread it, which I don't want to talk about it,
because it's a sports thing. But money is the issue, which is very sad. The compensation package.
You see that boner, boy? Well, not this story, but I know that was the boner of
contention was the, hey, just nauseating. You know, a kid that could all that money who's
got marginal talent at best, get another chance right there in his, uh,
a screw, a screw, a Brian 750 votes on a pool. Which of these do you care about most?
Where are the weapons of mass destruction? 330, 44% where the hell are they? We want to know,
Mo. Oh, speaking of that one is Mo getting canned. 156, 1 to 0. Is George gay, 96,
where there, uh, will there really be Middle East peace? 93. Is that Perrell's real voice? 37.
Martha Stewart gets indicted. 22. And it pleases me more than I can begin to tell you.
In the last place, the least amount of interest by far, 14 people, 1.8% of a flying crap
about whether Sammy used the cork bat or not. Bye, bye, bye.
560, 2A-M, Miami for Leonardo. He prefers the company of men.
