Anyway, good morning, Neil.
Good morning, Scott.
I wanted to go over your poll in no pun intended.
I'm going on, Mr.
One, him on what you're taking on, Scott, bro.
One, him on six to 10 now.
269 is 26%.
I love him.
He's a hoot.
25%.
He's OK.
Better than mo.
22%.
I can't take his voice.
He gives me recto bleeding.
115.
Not even high anxiety like Greg.
He had like the lady with the one cigarette.
And then who's Scott Farrell?
And that's it, 10%.
And then he blows, bring back Mo, 3%.
Thousand votes.
And it's clear now that we've taken over the world to you.
I love you.
The only problem is you caused Greg too much high anxiety.
So actually he's going to cut you back to 8 to 820.
No, no, he's going to only have me on about 30, man.
He's going to cut you back from 8 to 805,
because we don't want to overdo it in the beginning.
I have to say radical for this market.
Too much high anxiety.
He's got spilkeys for me.
Neither one of you know what that means.
Del-dee-del-dee.
Let me ask you this question.
On a year.
I swim and listen to your songs.
And I fart underwater.
Barry Jackass, who's the mouthpiece for Greg.
He's like, uh, I think he's Jack.
And McCarthy Edgar Bergen.
I think he's actually right.
Reed says he's working on a contract extension
to keep Howard David on the 5 to 8 AM shift.
Pat has more 2005 when his deal expires.
I thought what Barry meant to write was when Mo expires.
Doesn't he look like, uh, you know, like, uh,
the Brady father from the Brady bunch?
But how are you going to do six to 10 if they're going
to resign mode to do 5 to 8?
I have the defogziest idea.
I'm confused.
Um, I work under, uh, different terms.
I have no contract.
I just have a really good lawyer, uh, and I work for him.
Do you have no contract?
I'm Satan.
I don't need a contract.
I'm Satan working for beastly broadcasting.
I have a contract.
I have a contract.
I have a contract.
I like toilet paper.
I, you know, I wipe my ass with it.
I don't have any.
Those things that what contract ever protected me,
when, when Infinity did me a New York deal,
it made $200,000.
You know what they said?
Sue, a good luck against Viacom Smartass.
Really?
Yeah, and I went, okay, I'll take the other one.
I'm in a different field.
He lose their license and Detroit.
I'll take it then.
Oh, God.
You know, all of these people so nervous.
I understand there.
I understand their conviction.
Anyway, I hope you have an awesome weekend, Neil.
Good luck to you.
And you too, Scott.
Good luck to you.
Clean it up.
And remember, Gal-D.
Gal-D.
Gal-D.
I love your new CDs.
I got these, the best of Neil Rogers and the best of Neil Rogers, 2002, 2001.
I swear to God, I am going to play it for all the old Jew bags at the pool.
And they're going to go nuts.
They're going to hate me.
There's no pool boxes allowed.
And I'm just going to fart, burp, and sing, Gal-D.
Hold the camera.
Hold the blind James Dies.
Hold the blind James Dies.
I hope the blind James Dies.
I hate kids from Akron.
See ya, Scott.
Why, day, you first, dude.
Oh!
Come and listen to a story about a man named Chad.
A dumb engineer barely nothing in his head.
After Labor Day had a hang-front to be cool.
So he rounded up the key and then they headed back to school.
Beverly Hills, that is high school, 90210.
Excuse me, Miss James?
Yes, just a little.
How many inches in a gallon?
Oh my God, he's like so stupid.
Hey, like, isn't that that dude who starts on a door?
Don't leave, Paul.
I don't think I'm ever going to fit in at this here fancy Hollywood high school.
Now, Ellie, me.
You keep wasting their boys.
You already got credit.
Well, the next thing you know there, living in Bel Air.
Checking in the rehab and leeching out their hair.
Know they're really tan and they're getting lots of chicks.
They learn nothing because there's still a bunch of hicks.
And I get Beverly Hills, 90210.
You're all held back now.
Here.
All right.
Got some disturbing news.
You want to start on a sour note, Dewey?
No, why would we bet?
It's not real bad news, he's still alive.
But he Epson who portrayed poor mountaineered jet clampet.
On the 60s TV series, The Beverly Hill Belies, which I know was Georgia's favorite, was admitted
to a hospital in the Torrance, California for an underscores illness.
Poor buddy.
There was no one Epson 95 was checked in at Torrance Memorial Medical Center, but hospital
spokesperson and O'Brien told the daily breeze of torrents for yesterday's additions that
the actor's condition is good.
All right.
Thank God for that.
Epson who lives in nearby Palis Verde's estates began his TV career nine years since as
clampet 1962 won the series premiered.
He later took the title role in the CBS detective drama, Barnaby Jones, which ran from 73
until 1980.
And his Bill Ross used to say on the Channel 7, Barnaby Jones gets his man.
Remember those promos?
No, you don't.
No.
Before your time.
Really awful.
He was like the booth announcer, Bill Ross, for Channel 7.
He used to do all those voiceovers, all the promos.
Barnaby Jones, it was a pretty corny.
Epson has written two books including autobiography, The Other Side of Oz and Kelly's Quest.
And it says his condition is good.
Absolutely.
And he's 95.
How do you like that?
But, Strom Thurman's condition is dead.
What?
Well, I mean, wouldn't you say that?
That's his condition he's dead?
Yes.
Yesterday, Lester Maddick's died.
Oh, oh.
And, or now that was Wednesday.
And yesterday, Strom Thurman died.
All right.
See, that's bad.
You shouldn't be saying things like that.
That would be like saying.
I hope that LeBron James dies in a car crash.
It would be like saying that.
You know, it's terrible.
Senator Strom Thurman to South Carolina, one time Democratic segregation is to help fuel
the rise of the modern conservatory, Republican party in the South died yesterday.
Oh.
The news came from Thurman's son, Strom Jr., who's probably about 85.
Strom was 100 and the longest serving senator in history.
Thurman, whose physical and political endurance were legendary, he holds the record for
solo Senate filibus ring, retired January 5, 2003 at the age of 100 after more than 48
years in orifice.
Thurman ran for president as a Dixie Krat in 1948 and won 39 Southern electoral votes
as part of the states' rights uprising against president Truman for supporting civil rights.
In other words, he was a segregationist.
I know that's very unusual.
A Dixie Krat.
Oh.
In other words, a Republican masquerading as a Democrat.
Right.
Which, thank goodness a lot of those people came out of the closet.
Strom Thurman is dead.
Oh.
That's old enough when you say.
Oh yeah.
Got some very, very mixed news here.
I guess we should give the poll result first, Jimmy.
Okay.
So it'll tie right in with this piece of business.
Very jackass whose Greg Reid's mouthpiece, he's the puppet.
It's kind of like Mickey Mouse in the Eisner.
Right.
He's pulling the strings and Eisner's just repeating whatever he says.
Oh my puppet!
That's it.
Anyway, here's the poll that we took yesterday.
It was our second poll of the day and we're a really good one.
What's your take on Scott Farrell?
Because he is after all disgusting.
Me happy.
It really would.
You know, Jay Williams had the motorcycle accident.
I prefer a truck flipping over on top of his hammer.
Anyway, here's a 10, what is that?
1049, a thousand 49 votes.
What's your take on Scott Farrell?
We want him on 6 to 10 a.m. now, 285 votes.
That was the number one result.
I've got some bad news though for those of you who want Scott on 6 to 10 bad news.
Momentarily.
When you agree that it's a very bad news, tragic.
I love him.
He's a hoot.
266.
He's okay.
Better than Mo.
231.
Now you take those three categories.
You got 52.2 is 73.
What is about 74%?
Okay.
You ever take?
I can't take that voice.
126.
That's 12%.
Who's Scott Farrell?
109.
Only 10.3%.
I'll see every time we do a Mo poll.
Mo poll.
Uh, there's always about 17%.
Who's Mo Howard David?
They have no idea who he is.
Even though he's the voice of the dolphins, they still don't know who the hell that is.
Because they don't listen to his show.
But with Scott, it's only 10.3%, which is really a shocking.
And here's the most shocking number of them all.
Estonishing.
Hey Greg, are you listening, you idiot?
He sucks.
Bring back Mo only 35.3% out of 1052.
35 out of 1052 votes.
Say he sucks.
Bring back Mo is Niels Reedin.
But that having been said.
As Greg read continue, I mean, he's a group of talk about getting anxiety.
He gives everybody anxiety because just when you think he's fine, they're going to get
things straightened out and undo the mess that he created himself.
Then all of a sudden it's like he's doing a tamp dance.
He's all over the place.
Barry Jackass reports in today's anxious Miami hero W.Q.M.s Greg Reed said dolphin running
back Ricky Williams and Harold Comles, Dan LaBasterd, will likely be host on a Monday night
show during football season.
Reed also said he's working on a contract extension to keep Howard David.
Absolutely.
On a 5-8 AM shift past March 2005 when his deal expires.
Reed said he's gotten quite a few complaints from people offended by comments from New
Morning host Scott Farrell, but Reed remains committed to him.
Scott's incredibly talented, but goes too far in some places.
Reed said, I've had some anxiety to which we say, all right.
Good.
Hope that the butterflies are just twisted all around inside your kishis, Greg.
Paybacks of bitch.
Dicked around, screwed up the mornings and they had 85 different people on there and pushed
us back to 9 o'clock.
It's about kill this show.
Did everything in his power to butcher us?
Then finally got his back where we belong.
Now he's got a guy in that everybody loves, basically, except for a couple of several
old bastards and a few old women with no sense of humor and a couple of religious nuts,
couple of the same old suspects.
But oh, and of course this other story right on the heels of that.
See again, I'm putting the pieces of the puzzle together.
I'll tie it.
It all ties in.
A bill that would increase fines for indecent radio broadcast was approved yesterday by
a sent committee.
Pivotal in the decision was an FCC sanction against the trade week afternoon radio team Jeff
Deminsky and Bill Doyle for January 2000 to exchange to a WKRKF in 97.1 in Detroit.
Senator Fred Hollings, you know, it's interesting because Fred Hollings, it seems to me.
I can remember very vividly that he's got a really a colorful mouth himself.
But anyway, Fred's Hollings sponsored the amendment to a spending bill for the FCC,
which oversees broadcasts.
The amendment passed the Senate Commerce Science and Transportation Committee and I'm
moved to the full Senate.
Hollings said it would be in the public's best interest to revoke the license of WKRK
owner infinity broadcasting.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, on the show nine listeners called into the described sexual positions
and practices and explicit detail.
The WKRK format has since been modified away from explicit sexual chat.
I wouldn't publicly repeat that language in decency and filth myself, Hollings said,
which has really sent something for him.
See, I guess if they took away all of infinity's licenses, they could give all their stations
a cheap channel and assure that we can have all right wing all day everywhere.
Hollings bill, a hero, good, good important part.
Hollings bill would expand in decency laws and raise fines thresholds.
The bill also mandates license revocation hearings for any station that violates of
Senate law.
Oh, hey, got those butterflies turning in at grade.
Senator Conrad Burns, Republican of Montana said Detroit residents should act as if they
don't like what the station is doing by tuning elsewhere.
The latest rankings, WKRK ranked 18th overall in the market.
But the committee chairman, Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona urged members to pass the amendment.
The FCC levied to 27,500 out of five against broadcast giant infinity in April.
Infinity presented a broad defense based on freedom of speech issues.
The FCC will now consider infinity's arguments to minskying to a lot of air bull for comment.
And there you go, yada yada yada.
So the worm keeps turning in a butterflies, turning in Greg's kishkis.
Fly in local air sports radio 560s, UA.
UA.
Don't have a penis.
I've never had one.
I swear.
What do you think?
What do you think?
Meat for the rock.
So you can't eat that or you'll get man-spouted.
Oh.
I eat like a man.
Meat makes you grow up bigger strong like Neil.
What's that you got?
I got this, daddy.
What's this?
I can dunk it without tripping.
Man, you eat like a pussy.
Like a gun.
Like a spider.
Oh, hi, hi, I'm being a boy.
I like food.
Well, I like this.
Oh, you see the dodgeball.
But I can't help but eat up your own plates.
I'm just going to eat this.
I'll eat this.
I'll eat this.
And if you eat this, I'll eat it.
I'll eat it.
You'll be like a fly.
I want to swat away.
Get out of here.
Oh, man.
I want to slap.
Here, try what it is.
Yes, yes.
It's chocolate.
It's chocolate.
It's chocolate.
It's chocolate.
It's chocolate.
It's chocolate.
It's chocolate.
That's what happened to Clarence too.
You talk about women all the time.
But Molly talks about men.
I don't know what to do anymore.
I forgot to swear at Lena.
Maybe I can get a gig soon in both of Ryan's songs.
Tell D.
You scared me.
Yeah, yeah, 1019 at 560. I'm a QAM. That's my favorite. I got some more bad news for it
Let's get all the bad news out of the way to the beginning then we'll have a real a party in our pain
Please you know this fax you just sent me which I'm sure you're very excited about I am I think it's a
They go from a chronic. Yeah, Chris. It's fake
Well, don't you remember I got a fast last when I was there last week and asked me to play that bit
We went through a whole song to dance to find out which one it was the gay club
It's and because I'm seeing where it's from right that's why I said it I see so Christine the Miami Beach aka
aka George aka Joe aka Sally aka. Okay. Have a great life. Okay. We're out of your phone fax
Although I'm sure you were very impressed by last sentence there
I don't remember well, it says free hummer for all you guys. Oh, no, thank you
While Christina will show up and turn out to be Tom right who probably looks like
uh
Josh Friedman. Oh, here's another fax that says hello Neil George and beener
Save you the breath Neil the BBC are broadcasting Hillary reading her book each day this week
It's also online at yada yada yada best bits on Wednesday. She talked about Boris Yeltson and mouslips right at the end
Who the hell is mouslips? I don't want to know
Maybe that could be so many people mouslips is Monica. I don't know. It's vaculating. I thought maybe it was cheap mousi
But in any rate, I don't give me instructions what to do because our audience doesn't listen to the BBC or watch it or hear it or read it
So I'm continuing or plus it kills about 30 seconds
When you say that it killed 30 man. Yeah, killed me
Page two first paragraph. It's very short
I'm telling you by the year 2525 I have this licked
Hillary says
Yet our nation also had unfinished business in the post-war era particularly regarding race
And it was the World War II generation their children who woke up to the challenges of social injustice and inequality to the ideal of extending America's promise to all its citizens
That's uh enough for today boys and girls
That's it. That's the paragraph from Hillary's book for today. We're starting on page two already. We're making progress
You know, I'm just thinking you think there's a tie-in between strong thermon croaking yesterday
And the fact that yesterday was that they do
Supremes decided to strike down the Texas, Saddamila
And I probably put them over the edge. I think so. He probably went
Oi and just expired and
Really is interesting to me, but again, we know there's a lot of really stupid stupid stupid and bigoted people out there
Oh, well, you know, Sodomy that has to do with the fags
In fact, even the media most of their approach with all this is about the gays are very excited and all the religious nuts are all pissed off
Sodomy the Sodomy laws aren't exclusively the gays in fact the Florida Sodomy law has to do with anybody unmarried
We've talked about this a million times and yet every time you mentioned Sodomy or Sodomy laws
Oh, it's a fag thing. It's a fag thing. You know that well, I thought he'd be even applied to married couples
Well, I mean if you're not no, I don't think so. Hey that nice the article
It had like the map of the nation in which laws
You know and don't start talking about sex positions. Okay. That the guys in Detroit had enough problems
Let's not start talking about that. I would never know but Sodomy in this statute in Florida means that unless you're unmarried
Maybe it maybe you're right maybe does that have to get clarification
I think you're having sex in any but the missionary position face to face with your wife with your wife then
It's a Sodomy and you're breaking the law and you can be convicted on that right not just fags not just
Perverts not just that whatever you consider like a not like you anybody that includes humbers like the opera
We just got and certainly you people out there who are living in sin
Oh, oh damn thing Miguel is gonna make it official pretty soon. Can you imagine
Can you imagine the number of years Miguel could have served in prison for the stuff
He and his girlfriend have been doing on that great new mattress. Oh third man at least
Here's an interesting fact that says
Neil I was passing by Mo's house. Oh, it says where but I'm out saying that
Hmm
No, I wouldn't do that. That would be cool. I'm unusual. You have to be a real prick to do that
And he had his garage door open on the back on the on speaking of that before I finished this slightly amusing facts
Muff comes in this morning and she tells me that while they still haven't decided yet what they're gonna do when I when I go on my
Summer schedule which starts like next Friday well next Friday is the fourth of July so nobody's on but you know like in a few days
And I said well, you know if you if you guys decide to get around with to make a decision let me know you know
What kind of so typical of this business like they haven't had plenty of time to decide
See if I'm them I give for well. I throw them an extra boner too, you know
I give like an extra few bucks and let them do eight to noon
Monday Wednesday and Friday you do no two I do the Tuesday and Thursday in fact he could do eight to noon even on Tuesday
Thursday sounds good to me
Yeah, I thought that I'm trying to like weasel out of any of that extra stuff
But anyways is on the back wall Mo has this enormous collective baseball caps must be a hundred of them must change
Off from one to the other to cover up that scunk
That's got he don't know whether to stroke it or smoke it
Poor Mo what are we gonna do with him? So that that story about about
Mo is working on a contract extension for five to eight a.m. Oh
What what how can that possibly be we're asking the audience? What do you like? What don't you like that?
Overwhelming majority they love for alwe just brought them and they were so enchanted with them
They wasted no time giving them his own regular show stuck them in their eight to ten thank god
Because it gave us a lead in number one and number two got us back our ten to two hour and now it's like oh well
Well, let's resign Mo real quick
Now you know as well as I do the only reason they're talking that crap is because they want to cover the rags
Because they were afraid that for us going to create a little bit too much heat
Maybe they'll have to blow them out and drag them off to jail or whatever and then they'll have to stick most tired old ass back in the ring
I got news for you. Okay
I got news for if they stick him back in there. I'm not going back to nine to one
I just want to go on record right now saying that over anybody's dead body over Georgian Vita boys dead bodies and Zach and
the beast
Which is one hell of a big pile now. It's growing like crazy and fat boy
Over there dead bodies before I'm going back to nine o'clock when you agree that not everybody agree we all agree
We just took a poll absolutely that was the uh that was the prognosis
Okay, we'll get to the days plug us we can do the days pull real quick right now. Sure
The reason being I saw movie last night on tv which I would never you know buy the DVD
It's it's okay. No alibi with Dean Kane and uh
Eric Roberts and I agree with you. I hate Eric Roberts
But he played a real scumbag so it was perfect role. He's good at being a scumbag. He doesn't have to act yeah
And I thought to myself cuz Dean Kane looked really good. Remember that show? What was the name of that show?
Lois and Clark? Yes, what was the name of the Lois and Clark show? What's the liberty with a marginal note?
Cuz Dean Kane now some people say boy. He's a really great looking guy. No, he's not
He's got like he's got craters in his purse, but I still find him highly erotic
In spite of that. Okay, so it inspired me for the pool. What celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still the hottest
I've put down Dean Kane and then I put down since most of these suggestions will be female because we have that
Heterore audience out there. Jackie's Johnson. She's been on almost every pull this week even on the forl pool
She was on yesterday
Jackie's Johnson cuz she's got a monkey face, but the rest of her ain't bad
My, my, and look all this is for 205, 60, and you weigh it, you weigh it
I'm getting worried about what I need
I don't wanna die from having to stay
I don't wanna swallow no man count me
Gonna take a break
Take it off my plate
Don't give it up, these boys are asking please don't want to catch your own at cow disease and waste your way
Don't give it up, these boys are vegan now
I think I can't find all my sides on my own and waste your way
Take my burger away
Don't give it up before it's the same with four
The one I get sick from what's on my four can't waste your way
Don't give it up, these boys are happy to food
I guess I'll have to give up, stay for two
One waste your way
I wanna live on my list
Don't give it up before it's the last thing please don't want to catch your own at cow disease and waste your way
10.33, I'll tell you it's a great week here at QA
And we got the beta-boy new computer yesterday and new laptop I'm working you on
He's probably tapping on it right now
No need
What do you mean by that? All the stories are already up there
All the stories are already up, you're like that see this is what happens when George finally takes the bull by the horn
Took about 15 chains off that short leash and narrowed it down to like one or two links
Got him like right around the neck with a studded thing
Dildo
studded dildo
With this punk in the shape, okay when this one old Neal spends 13 hundred bucks to buy a brand new laptop
Because beta-boy can't get his life straightened out you better have those damn stories up there right front
Oh mister, in fact if I knew you better do them so fast that it affects a couple more so we get it about
About 30 man yeah because we have a lot today don't go crazy. Okay. Sorry. All right. Yeah, let's not push our lock
Let's get a few more names for this list. Okay, because I got lots and lots and lots and lots of stuff important stuff
You believe me? No
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hollywood
Yes sir
How you doing?
I got a couple questions for you
Um
One question is I'm thinking to go on into broadcasting and I'm going yeah, you sound like you ever real
The answer is no. What's the next question?
Okay, it's not a joke the answer is no you haven't got a voice for broadcasting for it all
What's the sound like it sounds like you got a close pin on your nose. What's the second question?
Um, the second question is how do you get all these
Strip you know these
Strip
And you know what was it the
The last and and the
No, but which one were you talking about the one that last the man that last
Again, because I want to make sure I know which one you're talking about
Yeah, that one
Actually, I do all of those who I do all of them
Because you do that you notice on the days when George is doing the show you never hear
Because I'm not here right
Well and like I also do that one. Hey, you do that one. Yeah. Oh, you do that one too
Oh, are you sure and that's also me doing a Phil 100 impersonation? Have a great day pal
See it around Monday morning. He'll probably be doing a morning show Monday
I am about to cast
He had to be just joking. Maybe he was auditioning. You think he was very good
Which celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still see what I say the hottest that I shouldn't have phrased it that way
I don't mean the hottest of them all I think I know what I mean don't I
It's still real hot. Should we just say hot? You know what you mean? Especially when it comes to guys
You know the they can have these uh faces that are rugged
He has examples speaking that all the women go crazy over Sean Connery
I mean he's he's ugly as sin and Jack Pellets was another one man
He looked like he ran over God damn brick wall right at 100 miles an hour that rugged look women
rugged sexy hot and I guess
Now would have been like that too. Let's get some more names for this list and now get into the important stuff
Okay, so we don't want to put the list up there until you know we got more than just deans can and Jackie's Johnson
Dean can from I'll tell you from a hundred yards away. He looks pretty good
And that movie was I looked it up in my a bone book here. It had two and a half bones out of four no
No alibi. It was had a pretty intriguing
Stravery
Convaluted with twist and turns and all kinds of good crap and bad crap
You would have liked to watch your name what I tell you her name was that played the
Weird name never strange name but very erotic and exotic word. I never saw her before
Anyway, here's a call from beautiful Miami online six beware. Hello
I know it. What did I tell you my son only today? He's that you see if you're gonna scream
We can't handle that not on a Friday. We're trying to go to the weekend with a positive attitude
We don't want to talk to screamers on Friday. Doesn't it get on the air easier when you scream? Yeah
You notice you only got half the word now usually let him say the whole thing we does retire
You know but but today it's retire and as soon as I saw line six I was head my thumb right on
Nice going Neil as my psychic powers kick in once again
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 hey listen retirement sounds great to me pal. He just called Greg thumb right to check right that check
I'll be gone never see me no mo
Here's Carl spring. Hello
Neil yes sir in honor of the Supreme Court. I want to thank you in the book
Lula
Getting a lot of good suggestions for our list aren't we 5 6 7 0 5 60 everybody they wants to do a show
We got the broadcast amateur hour guy was doing whatever the hell he was doing was making those era kind of sounds
You know we got this guy who can't get laid and then we got retire that guy
Here's a call from us Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay, sir
I get Carman Diaz almost that for your list Cameron Diaz not Carmen or Cameron either one
Uh, I actually want to call about those saturday night while you were talking about yes, I think it's 13 states and they still have
That's right. It's saturday night. Four days one of them and nine out of those are
Eddero married whatever and then four of them are
Exclusively almost sexual law right, but the one in Florida. It includes everybody right right
Uh, yeah, of course now they're all going to get thrown out anyway because the Supreme Court ruling isn't just going to be for Texas because the other ones will get thrown out right now
Test the constitutionality of all the married that is correct
Uh
You know as far as mole and I don't listen to a show that much. I don't listen five days. Well, why should you be the one?
Exactly. I always get them off the golf and broadcast though that's when I was with three others with you
Yeah, I listen to that. I always say you know the interesting part of that is we didn't have a problem
Bill Simford and mad dog had great chemistry everybody was happy with broadcasted a fine job nine years together
And then they bring this old funny that he with his bad smelly hair piece in and right off the bat
Everybody's getting moved out to make way for this guy. That's why it's amazing to me with all the problems
He's created in the very little that he's produced that Greg read. I mean I realized that Greg is dumb
But the idea that the audience despises him everybody inside the building unanimously despises this man
And Greg is negotiating to keep him on another however long other
Five
No, I watch around TV and they're right. I've listened to a sports on radio. He does
Left to write on your radio. Yeah
Oh, no, he's a good play by play guy. You can't deny that. He's got a great voice for he does a great job on it
Yeah, he's counting nice, but they just catch some of those videos and because he's like that
It's just kind of getting under my skin all good, but yeah
I'm glad glad you like him. I'll pass it along. Have a great weekend, pal. Okay. Well, there's one name for the list in this guy
I like no, he doesn't like Mo actually nothing about him
Even her piece. Okay, so there's Cameron Diaz
Well, we'll go through this list slowly, but surely about your pardon. I said a gotter
Gotter you wish you gotter
I'll be honest. I've seen her some well again anybody can be a lot of makeup in the right camera angle
But I've seen her at times when she looked pretty damn erotic right
Not as erotic as Dean Kane, but he's super man
Here's the fact that says typical of the media be portraying strong feminist some kind of American hero
I couldn't be happier that intolerant racist homophobic piece of Schmidt is finally dead
I plan to commit several acts of Saudi-Me tonight honor strong firmens writing corpse the piss off eras
Anthony and Scalia and rich Santorum all right excellent good work work on it
Sounds like he's working on it already. Here's another one. I love how every now see this is interesting
I love our every single day
You have to tell for real to get the hell off here
I think it would just go on till two if he didn't say anything well of course
I've always have to tell more than once to goodbye Scott
Bye Scott can hell off the air Scott. Well, see I just keep saying goodbye until he finally gives up
At least with Mo this wasn't a problem
No, cuz Mo was busy telling his audience that the scumbag fat was coming on next turn off the radio
Not that I'm complaining since the fact sure the Mo show blows
But I think he has a good play-by-play voice did I just get through saying that yes
Good thing the supreme courts overturned the Sodomy laws because Mo would have hundreds of trials to testify at
Strong Thurman dead is nothing but great news since he was a racist piece of garbage and surely will rot in hell
20 Ohhh yeah
All right
Let's go
job and he's the man to do it.
Judging you, he's a daddy job.
Judging you, he's just dancing.
He's job.
He'll put you through the rain and hang you back.
You keep you out of business because he's a right away man.
Yeah.
You'll break your heart to business.
But first it's time to go through it.
Judging you, he's a daddy job.
Judging you, he's a daddy job.
Judging you, he's a daddy job.
Look at that.
I see it in the perfect, there's 50 a Monday.
Oh, right.
That's exciting.
Yeah, I don't have any strong permanent bits to play so I forgot to play the Jesse Hum same difference. Yeah, same fascist mentality and Jesse
He's he's getting ready too. I would think when you
Happy birthday to people at bowling green who make those beautiful Corvettes, but I love my Corvettes
What's up? Oh, and don't forget join George McGillian for the show three to five this afternoon at four-loader Dale Harley
on Federal Highway just south of Oakland Park stoplight when prizes
It won't be much and enjoy free food from a lighting city subs. That's the that's the jackpot plus gonna chance to meet and greet George and
The lovely McGill who's not a virgin getting married now, and it's a damn good thing so we can stuff it on all those
Sautomizing acts get them while you can grab them while you can
Grab might you can to rain before he makes it official. Why but she's really pissed
She is just foaming it them up. I was speaking to that being pissed about things like that
Don't miss passions today all my passions people out there, all tenia
What an episode you get like a free Broadway musical on passions the one you'll see today
What celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still pretty damn hot Dean Kane Jackie Johnson Cameron Diaz
That's all we got so far might take several hours to build this list. I just sent you a facts of one oh
I see Jillian Barbary
Barbary Barbary Barbary like three shows at once. I don't know if you know who she is. She's skinny
She's got a really skinny face with a skinny nose blonde dits
Probably one of the most hard to take human beings in all of history really she's a spaz she's a cook really obnoxious
You just want to shoot her. Yeah, at least I do well
It says here Jillian Barbary is one for you. She's got a hot body acts like a slut has some awesome hooters
But there's something about her face that makes you think well. She's still pretty hot
She does have voters plus P. S. It's your most a cheap F you the rest of it
Like that he's cheap on top of all the other things so what's this year? We knew that remember the stories from like when they would get the free food
You know about like New York Prime like when he went to New York Prime and Bokeh and Rip them and ask because they didn't give them a freebie
I didn't cater to his whim and the suck up to him or when how he's comes in in the morning with food for everybody and everybody chips in for the tip except for
Except for the moment. Absolutely. Oh my god. What a cheap prick
I still can't get over this Greg Reed business
You know I asked Muff about it this morning. Of course Muff is you know, he's still worried about his ass
He's he's out of the loop
But it be but it would but I hit on them
Because Greg basically Greg and Barry Jackass at a ones programming the station
Muff and clearance. They think they have something to say about anything forget about it
It's Muff and I mean it's Greg and his mouthpiece Barry Jackass the other ones pulling the strings
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT and T line. Here's my any hello
Yeah, here's key Largo. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes sir. I beg your pardon. Are you up in Toronto now? Does it make a difference?
Well, yeah, you sound like you're kind of charged up again. Yeah, yeah, okay. I got two people for you
I'm in plantation acres right now. I'm doing a show for my house. Okay. Go ahead
Bad mug but the great actor is James Woods
Okay, another's this face. Yeah, and yeah, and the woman would be Laurie Metcalf
She's the flavor of the ancestor
You admit to watching that show
No, but yeah, she's done some other great movies like you saw
Your channel surfing has seen it
Okay, we got it down pali. Hi, thanks. See ya 5 6 7 0 5 60 see we're building list once we get like a dozen on there
Then we can actually put it up on the website and start doing something
beside this
Here's plantation hello
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? I'm absolutely sick to hear the most contractors
This is every day now every single day. This is the emolmus go guy. Go away. Go away
As soon as I saw plantation and who it was
Every single day mole musk off for all at six moment every single day. You're boring man. You are becoming the new chronic
Am I right?
Beyond at least three days in a row every single day
You're not funny. You're not interesting. We understand you hate mo like poison
You got a lot of other companies to move over you're your ponderous your terminal
You have nothing else to say you have nothing to contribute to our pool
You have nothing to talk about all you do is make the same sound mole musk off and you have a good point
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 say he's just a little out of stress today when he heard that news about Greg negotiating to resign
Moe in addition to which Moe is just turned about a hundred how long can this old fart keep working?
Is this another guy that should like die? No, seriously. Is he gonna die on the air?
Is that what it's all about?
That's if it is we sure hope to hell it soon
God and I you know something I will hold the body if that happens because I will come down and dance on his grave
I don't know what you're laughing about. I'll come down special. I make a special trip
So that I can dance on that nasty miserable old fart's grave
But he doesn't stop things though. He's a sports guy, you know I Greg you just you're hopeless
He's just a hopeless clown can't stop tinkerin can't stop dicking around behind the scenes
Rings in a guy like for real just about everybody loves him and now while
We're nervous. He's he's given me a butterfly. He's billi's
Lot of complaints if you don't get any complaints
That means nobody's listening don't you get it? Of course you're gonna
Comprehensible complaints because he's off the wall. That's what we like. That's what we want
We don't want some asshole some old stuffy a fart pontificating on the air about well
This is what's going to happen and the heat are gonna trade their first draft pick. Guess what mo
Didn't happen did it wrong again
Here's coconut grove hello
What's the matter with this woman?
Here's a lady in Pember pine. Hello
I'm happy Friday and back to you
How about Sarah Jessica Parker? Because she doesn't always look that pretty but somehow she's very hot
No, you just put it on there so I can say Sarah Jessica Parker again. That's no reason you did it
Okay, thanks. Hi, bye
Sarah Jessica Parker. She's on again. We got it. She's like Jackie's Johnson. They're making the list every day
For asking you what day of the week it is. Oh, it's uh Jackie Johnson
Sarah Jessica Parker
See once I started saying that I can't stop doing it five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18 and ten right don't let me forget that Walmart war story. Oh, I won't
I've got just piles man cocaine found out there. I have many of me right I didn't even buy the sitting in the pile although this one I did
cocaine found on nearly all euro notes. What do I tell you about those European?
Almost all euro bank notes have traces of cocaine according to a study by German scientist
Professor Fritz Sogel and a team from the Institute for Biomedical and Pharmaceutical Research in Nuremberg studied 700 euro notes from across the euro zone
Between January 2002 the month of notes were launched in last August
3% were found to be contaminated with an average of
0.4 micrograms of cocaine particles just days after the euro's launch and this figure saw to 90% in seven months
The most highly contaminated notes in the first study of its kind on euro notes originated from Spain from all your people
Yeah, all those uh
Spicks
Are taking to take it up the nose
rolled up bank notes are often used to sniff cocaine because the notes are made from pure cotton cocaine crystal stick easily to them and quickly get passed on to other notes
In other words, it kind of like all rubs off
Kind of like the anthrax was doing remember that rubbing
Information appearing on telegraph dot
I see is copyright of this must be where I see why am I reading that?
So there you go you got coke on the euro notes
So if you're really desperate just start this stuff and some of the bills up your nose five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT here's West Palm Beach hello
Yeah, yeah, yes sir
Why don't you buy Vermont you ever been there about Vermont?
Yeah, no
Matters law there. What do you think of that?
What do I think of that?
What does that mean? What do I think of that?
Such a conservative state what the deal up there was uh
Remot is not a conservative state Vermont's a very liberal state. What are you talking about?
Howard Dean was
Or they don't want any wall
That's because they don't want it that's because they don't want a bunch of Nazis running around in case of Walmart
And McDonald's it maybe try not to poison their people to get out of here. What an idiot
Well, what do you think about that? I'm sitting here in Toronto, Ontario where they just passed the
Game marriage where gay couples are getting married coming from all over the world to get married
What do you think about that in Vermont? How is it possible to be so stupid sir? Do you work at it? Oh, okay, thanks
God almighty you know, it's got to be the geographic location
It's got to be the fact that at nighttime. I've talked about this for years the only signals that come in on AM radio are from like
No speaking English
You know all I crap. You know exactly what crap I'm talking about oh, yeah
As opposed to any place else you like have some some kind of
Even if you're living like in the middle of bum fork Wisconsin or somewhere you have some kind on your radio of contact
Would like this somewhat civilized world right?
But Florida's like so do cats from anything else and so cut off in addition with these people just don't get out too much
well, it's hot
Not if he asked me
What celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still pretty damn hot
That's what we're asking you then now we can put the other thing up there. Okay, I'll be in a boy. Get a hold of your buddy
In fact, you can rub it in his nose now that you've got a new nice new laptop
It's being sent you can jam that right in Eric's nose
Friday
The show is great. It's got lots of hate. Jerry's finger. We love so dear
There's one thing we know
Come to close mighty sounds best friend here's we up and the chance we fly when your girlfriend is a guy as you think is and you down there
When the frog breaks out make sure you pierce his out and strike someone round by the hair
We want to hear some more
On my
The rings show
Is
The
Spring is show spring is show spring is show spring is show spring is show spring is show spring is show spring is show is all right
There's a good news that the fencing phase is going on right now
In fact though you can watch 4 TV
I'll just tell all of the American Academy of Sports
For a spat-faced bitch that hit the guy and had him die on her windshield while she was in getting laid
Stoned off her ass
She just may I just look at her and I just want to scream I want to like punch my fist right through the TV screen you know
Mm-hmm she is a fat and she says oh she thought the sentence was unfair the verdict was wrong right oh
She was having a good time she couldn't be bothered scraping that guy's piracy off the windshield or calling the uh 9-1-1
Here's the good news though okay this is the best news of the century
Annoying solicitors calls can be muted all right
Tired to telemarketers ringing you up in the morning damn noon and night round the clock
Yes
Starting today you can sign up to block those nasty telemarketing calls thanks to a new federal program and it's long overdue
You can list your phone number on a new national do not call registry that'll render your line off limits to telemarketers
Phone registration for the eastern half of the west including Michigan begins July 7 by calling 888
382 1222
Those west of the Mississippi River can begin calling today no matter where you live you can register online starting right now this moment at
Do not call say it again do not call that gov GOV the prohibition on telemarketing calls won't take effect to October then
Violators could face fines up to 11 grand
President Bush will launch the service this morning. It's about time. He did something we all agree with
With the Rose Garden ceremony at the White House the FCC endorsed the programming anonymously yesterday the federal trade commission which announced in a registry last year will
Administrate it's expected to put some 60 million home phone numbers off limits to telemarketers
FCC commissioner John Adelstein who's one of the good guys by the way call the registry one of the most significant things the FCC has ever done for
Merck and families get those assholes off our phone now
We hate the idea said Tim Cersei the executive director of the American tele services
Association of trade group representative industry we think it violates the first member right to commercial speech right like they have some
Mark to be called and bugging a hell out of us morning noon and night over and over and can I speak to you know oh God see with me I always know
It's them because first of all it says out of area and the number two they can't pronounce my real name
Yeah, the best part of that is a lot of times when they look at the name you know because these things are dialing and dialing
And then look down to see the name of the person at that number and they panic so they just hang out because they know they can't pronounce that's a benefit
Mm-hmm. In fact if you don't want to sign up for this just change your name to like the half of us would be good and when you look down at that believe me or click it's
Good Bible right so there you go we are all I'll I'll fix this tomorrow be your boy tomorrow morning
Got it so we can put this info on our website so people can you're awful quiet boy today after you just the busy men tomorrow
Tomorrow he has an appearance
That bill Cytles bill of art of savings from 11 years and as a result tomorrow be faxing the stories by 9 a.m. Is that what we agreed on?
Yep, didn't we agree on it already? Are you his agent now? Are you like a babysitter? The intermediary the brim?
Where we discussed that tomorrow he's getting the one-time oldy a special dispensation
I'll get my ass out of bed early in the morning and by 9 a.m. You'll have those stories right hot in your little ugly hands just making sure you didn't forget
I didn't forget
Look at that camera DS has four votes this poll I get a lot of response today and you know what who cares maybe we'll give our website a little bit of a rest
Because our polls have been just inundated with crap lately with zillions of votes
What's celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still pretty damn hot camera DS for
Jillian barbarary to Sarah Syracadjessica Parker to Jackie Johnson to Dean Keynes got my vote and that's only 11 so far
We'll get there we got a whole bunch more names won't we or not? Why or not? We'll just get a bunch of lunatics. I we need don't hear you know not that I'm counting down or anything
Not that I'm counting down to that magical day like next week
Here's a call from four Myers it says hello Neil yes sir
Hey it's great talking to you here in four months. It's serious we don't get you
That's so sad you know what they did to the you people over there with this show is criminal
It's conservative and sports jocks right
But what I wanted to call about I'm heading up to Hamburg next week and I will visit Toronto
Have no desire to go to New York City, but I do love Toronto
But one of my points is listening these conservatives here they think that the whole country now the all the laws and everything are just going to go right down the drain because of this ruling
And you know it's the difference being they're not hurting me or anybody else
They're basically you know they're not out there committing a felony and what have you and you know all the laws are not going to change because of this
I can't imagine anybody with a brain other than the bigoted religion is to of course it's good for business to keep a lot of bigotry flying it
That's how they keep getting the money in but other than that I can't imagine anybody who believes that the government has any business checking what you're doing in your bedroom
Well like you know the bald headed guy on the conservative he thinks the whole world's going to pot now
Yeah good
Well look they're going to have to find a new scapegoat that's what it boils down to us bags have been a scapegoat for many many years now
And now that the basically all of that is going away and you got game marriages up here and it's going to be a matter of time down there
They're going to have to find a new scapegoat
Yeah the point is you know the guy coming up around Chinese people
Yeah if he comes at me with the gun then of course you know what I do in the privacy of the home is as long as I'm not hurting somebody
I mean it's not looking it's not rocket science it's just basically very simple anybody believes in a free society doesn't believe the government to have any control over what you're doing in the bedroom with the consenting adults
Is that stupid?
Yeah well over here they really want everybody to think the same way they came back with two talk shows stations and they put nothing but conservative and you know sports no humor
No nothing right it's a dead area look at where you are what do you expect it's a bunch of Yahoo's over there you don't have anybody over there
Other than yourself have a great time pali I'll see you Buffalo race well see you Toronto okay see you around a big gay pride parade here Sunday
Man going to have like maybe a close to a million people out there missing and I mean marching through the streets lots of big gaze
It'll be a gay extravaganza five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight TNT it's time for America to grow up what do you think no I'm sorry
Time to grow up a little bit stop worried about whatever who everybody else is doing get with it stop killing people and start to get with the program
Here is the west Palm Beach hello good morning Neil yes sir when is this hold on one second
Reverend Joan I want that guy to push that button over there I'm part of each church here
I don't know who Reverend Joe's like I said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight TNT and Verizon wireless line
Reverend Joe's with the bad connection no less here's a lady in Miami hello hello yes man hi hello
Sorry little swastered I'm glad that for all is on the air first of all I want to say that I didn't agree with his view on the
Sodomy law this morning but that's okay I can't look what do you say what do you say about it he basically said that it was wrong that it was opening a can of worms
He said that the ruling on a Sodomy law was wrong yeah a person like him that could have been just the
For all the personality talking yeah that's what I heard you know he must have misunderstood he must have been doing stick I hope I misunderstood yeah I'm trying to work I
Did want to you brought us Jesse Helms and I wanted to tell you that the old sub pride month on Trumbance channel and they had a documentary about
Jesse Helms done by a 30 year old man who grew up in Carolina and left and we were lived in New York and they
Did a gay man so of course he wanted to find out why people were still voting for Jesse you know in the 21st century
Anyone on the Q hours and the most chilling thing was at the end of it they had a post script and they showed a little university in
Somehow in Carolina and they said that they had it was you were going to do a fundraiser for Bob Gold and they couldn't
Get in because they got there too late that they were interviewing people on the way out and they two young men one white one black obviously
Couple and the man said to them what do you think of Jesse Helms as well and they flashed his name which was not familiar they
Have you know being an artist he's against the art he's also against homosexuals and he's a racist and by the way this is my boyfriend then it was Matthew
Shepard and it was about two years before he was murdered wow and he looked like this you know skinny little kid he was and we've got 19 years old
And they had him on tape for five minutes and it was very showing it was something that I guess I didn't expect at the end of this
Mm-hmm but it said you know that you noticed the first one three act yesterday after the decision was announced by the Supreme
Corolley's religionist and the American family a research council and focus on the family and
Hocus Pocus God is good in Jesus saves all this other crap you know religion is nothing but hate that's all it is and when people finally
Wives up to that that's that's only chance we got I don't necessarily agree with marriage of any kind but
Marriage needs to be taken out of the realm of religion and put into the area of you know protecting yourself
Civil unions are okay, you know they'll do something but it'd be nice to have the same rights and everyone else yeah
That's right actually like the about why is it that in Florida you're good enough to foster but you're not good enough to adopt
Because it's Florida. That's why because bigotry is our middle name have a great day sweetheart. Thank you five five six seven
O five 60 pound five 60 audio TNT of rising line camera DS 17 votes. He's hot Jillian Barbary 16 votes
And spider what George said I don't know who that is so are Jessica Parker 12 Jackie Johnson 11 Dean Keynes got five
James Woods three and Laurie Metcalf don't have any we got to get more names on list than that we will always
I hope I think we're gonna bunch up 30 minutes after 11 I can't believe for well said that he's again he had a
He said beast called in a spy report. Oh this beast what are you into you are fat?
So what did he say that he was talking about be moaning the fact that it's not it can be on every front page headline from coast to coast
But he can't say it on the air the word. Oh no I heard him say that that's what he was be moaning I heard him say that beast is my new own business
Okay, it's more setting if we have like a little controversy alright just put out go get a couple of salami sandwiches to tidy over on your way home till you get the real lunch.
What do I tell you about him just a yenta don't forget beast nobody likes a yenta okay nobody likes a little yenta fat little Jewish yenta
I tell you about a great place barbecues galore especially in South Florida where it's like barbecues season almost all year long
At barbecues galore you'll carry the finest selection of Weber grills and accessories starting with Weber smokey joe portable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks perfect grill for the July 4th picnic or anytime
And nobody can beat barbecues. They're amazing endless selection of top quality grills they carry a full on a grill including Weber, Viking, January or Braw mate lots of exclusive grills you won't find no place else like Turbo
Barbecues chef cook on a captain cook and also with the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe too right now at barbecues galore take advantage of no payments same as cash financing until January 2004 on approved credit
This week take home the amazing three burner cook on grill of barbecues galore exclusive this one comes with a host of great features that you normally find only on more expensive grills like 42,000 powerful BTU is porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and a
January 625 squirch cooking area I guarantee you won't find another grill like it for this price not only 349 bucks and you'll only find it at barbecues galore another one perfect for that 4th of July cookout so get in there this weekend and check it out don't forget barbecues galore is America's best barbecues store they've got everything out of the Sun need for barbecuing you'll find them in plantation and university draven a fountain shopping center called 9 5 4 4 2 3 4 2 3 4
and you'll find them in Coral Springs corner sample in Rock Island roads called 9 5 4 7 5 7 6 6 6 6 8 7 5 7 6 6 6 6 6 6 8 be sure and tell me all crusty meal sent you by to barbecues galore
and you'll find it at the barbecues galore we're supporting you by 6 p.m.
at 8 p.m.
absolutely take you now to a small watering hole outside Chapaqua New York it's just another day at tiny place
it's just a little bit of a big hole in the middle of the ground
and you'll find it at the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore
and you'll find it at the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore we're supporting you by the barbecues galore
I mean I did you once now that was a favor I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink I can't get you a drink
Yeah your blue bear is going off your blue bear is going off Blackberry but my page or whatever we say wow Kim Petrell I'll give her the Cyclops yeah
Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah you say Cyclops yes I did thank you tiny I guess you said that oh hold up Blackberry's going oh wow
Martin Post
wait a minute wait a minute long just a picture over what you have Speech
Whoa! Where are her clothes?
Hey, really?
There I am!
I'm not gonna say it again!
I'm gonna eat ring!
I need to eat ring!
Shut up!
Jesus, I think you killed her.
Hey, what happens in Tini's place?
Stays in Tini's place!
That's right!
Bring your man to the Jeeva's Sampus!
All right!
It's 1120 at 560 W.
He's our kind of guy, man.
I'll tell you that right now.
Let's bring him back.
What do you say?
Okay.
If only.
You were right about this pool.
I fasted the pool to George every morning, and this morning it looks like this one and
says, they're not gonna understand this.
It's just an inciner fly.
You're right.
I don't think it's all that complicated, do you?
No, it's not, but I know.
But then?
I know.
When you got people who the best thing is...
Momasco!
Momasco!
In plantation!
Momasco!
Retire!
What's celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still hot?
That's a question.
There's gotta be a whole bunch of them, okay?
Not 30.
You gotta be like, I'm at 100.
Maybe they're just not into it, okay?
Maybe they're busy getting ready for our big holiday weekend.
Right, right.
No.
No.
Got a million open lines.
560.
560, 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Delray Beach.
Yeah, now.
Yes, sir.
Long time no see, the first time caller.
All right.
All right.
How about Robert Redford?
Okay.
It's a crazy old face and...
You know, the women still love him.
Craig, you old face.
He does have a crazy old face.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I have a great day weekend.
Robert Redford, the women still love him.
I guess so.
Even at his advantage, how about Paul Newman?
How about it?
Huh?
Well, he's the same category.
I put them in both in the same category.
In other words, the category I put them in is I don't know if I want to see either one of them again.
But no, but seriously, same thing.
Let's get those both on there.
Now, are you guys writing these down?
We're writing them facts.
Okay.
I want you to check in because this poll, unfortunately,
what we were on a long run there for about 600 polls in a row that had a phenomenal response.
This one ain't going to happen, you know?
That's okay.
Like I said, people are busy getting ready for the 4th of July and all this other stuff coming up.
I'm getting ready just psychologically for that summer schedule in my mind,
which one of these days maybe are programming Mafia.
We'll get together, have another one of their 80 or 90 meetings in this.
What the hell we're going to do this summer?
Georgia was certainly like to know.
That would be kind of nice.
That's what I would.
I don't know.
They can tell me that morning or whatever.
As long as the paycheck comes to, that's all he cares about.
Like most of the rest of us.
Here's a call from Jupiter.
Hello.
Hey, Yili.
Yes, sir.
Long, long, long time list.
They're back to Zay today.
Second time car.
Okay.
What's happening, Neil?
How you be pal?
What's up?
Just been what do you think about this new rule?
Do you think it's ever going to open things up a little bit where we just ran out?
Oh, cute.
Well, I don't mean open.
Welcome.
I don't mean that.
Man, Neil, you got to sick mind, buddy.
I didn't say that.
George did that.
I'm talking about open parts.
You know George, all the time.
You know, it's like, you know, we got such a moralist society where they're out trying to bust a local bookie.
You're trying to bust a local guy growing a little pot.
Right.
A smoking pot.
And the girl that wants to make a little money with prostitution, they're just going to bust everybody.
But you know, why don't they go after the real criminals?
You know, why don't they do that?
I mean, what we look, that's not going to change.
You know, maybe they're going to have to live to see that.
Maybe this is a little teeny tiny step.
But if you really believe that's going to change, you're living in a dream world.
I don't know.
It just kills me because I see what the hell are people doing to hurt each other?
You know, that's an arco for you, man.
That's one of the biggest things wrong with Americans.
They want to throw everybody's ass in jail. That's what it's all about.
That's it.
And you know, something happening.
People I know that smoke a little pot or go to a prostitute every now and then.
These are some of the people that keep the society going with paying taxes and doing them.
You know, they're not direct to society.
Trust me, you know what I mean?
So I don't know.
I'm going to keep my passport handy.
And maybe I'll find a better life somewhere.
Okay. Keep your cheeks closed real tight.
That's what you're looking at.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 10.
You know, you're the one that immediately thought of that.
I didn't know even crossed my mind.
I thought that's what he was going for.
That was not what he was going for.
He may be going for a little bit later on.
But it wasn't going for right now.
Jeez.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10.
It's just so ridiculous.
It's so outrageous.
I mean, the fact that we have to have a discussion about that.
As to whether you want the government coming in and telling you what to do in your bedroom.
What kind of people are we talking about Americans?
That's right.
I forgot.
People ought to be outraged.
You ought to be pissed off and fired up.
Of course, you can only imagine because they generally make examples out of minorities like Gays or Blacks or whoever.
But if they come in, you know, we're busting in and turn out to be like a...
A head of a...
Like if it was Miguel and his girlfriend who haven't tied them out yet officially.
You know, and they're banging their brains out.
Oh, you're not married.
We're going to take your eyes off the jail.
Because it's against the Florida Sonomy laws.
It's just stupid.
Stupid.
Just like this business about what we can say on a radio.
All what you can't say that word.
And we're going to crack down on the obsidian.
It's just more fascism.
There isn't a word that's ever been invented that we shouldn't be able to say on a year.
Ever.
Stupid.
Absolutely.
566705.
What am I getting worked up about?
Hi, don't we go.
Is this the day we're going to save the world from itself?
Thank God.
You're right and law.
This is force waiting on 566.
You way, yeah.
Absolutely.
Strait Somy.
Strait Somy.
We're going around a second movie star.
Doing something we are.
The jubble didn't get in the body itself.
We should have had that habit you're all good.
Rich idea.
And road into me.
Please stay away from my crooked dreams.
When your love life is still there's no need to suffer.
Just head down to the pet shop for another lover.
Come on and don't go rich or give.
Back home.
Back home.
Rich or give up.
Rich or give up.
Rich or give up.
Every one knows the merry country of allow.
Every one knows the merry country of allow.
I hope this Japan James dies in a car crash.
Love a 32 or 560 WQM.
One of the stories on our bedtime stories today.
Gordon Barthos, alarmist Iraqi hype backfires in the Toronto star from yesterday.
There is an interesting paragraph or two in here.
Most Americans remain persuaded that the war in 8,000 Iraqi deaths were justified to topple an American hating murderous desperate.
The nearly one American in 2 now believes Bush intentionally misled them about solid nuclear biological or chemical weapons.
Bush's credibility would still be lower except that a sturdy core of invincibly ignorant people, one American in 3,
is convinced that these weapons already have been found.
Get out of it.
Isn't that a great the paragraph?
A sturdy core of invincibly ignorant people, one American in 3.
In other words, I'm 30 man.
Nice going there Gordon.
Nice article A.
How this is for the pull? Why did you fax this to me?
Why did you do that? Why did you waste the effort? Why did you waste my page of a paper here?
For the pull, Hillary, it's a...
Oh my God.
She's pretty hot.
Yeah.
5607 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
142 votes. Let's start to creep along a little bit.
What celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still damn hot?
Cameron Diaz 42, Jillian Barbaray 32, Jackie Johnson 25,
Sarah Jessica Parker 24, Dean Cain's got 9, James Woods 7, and Laurie Metcalfree.
James Woods is hot.
Oh.
Oh.
5607 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's South Miami. Hello.
South Miami.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Great.
The broken clock is right twice a day. Let's hear it for the Supreme Court.
Oh.
Yeah. That's what I was waiting for. Scalia, he has no idea what a contempt...
Scalia has no idea.
He has no idea. Every word that comes out of his mouth is derision.
He's got the temperament of a dictator.
He has no fount of a Nazi. He's a little bit stepping Nazi.
He has no business being on the Supreme Court. All he does is confirm what a moron Reagan was.
Right.
With each decision that he makes.
And I understand it's popular lore that Clarence Thomas has never asked a question in court or written in opinion.
Right.
All he's ever done is signed RENQIS opinion.
Oh, he's done to smoke a big fat one and go along with the other.
The most greatest example of the harms of affirmative action is so ironic that he was playing Republicans.
Yeah.
Completely incompetent.
Why don't you play that really good song in honor of the, uh, in honor of the decision?
What's that one? The very best.
Da da da da da da da da da da.
I'm playing it yesterday.
Oh, damn it.
Right after it came down.
I missed it. It's really hilarious.
That's what I was waiting for.
I think that's what I was waiting for.
You're waiting for it?
Well, if you were waiting for it, I might as well play it for it.
Thank you.
Have a great day, Pali.
Say goodbye.
Oh, it's short.
I'm full of gay romance.
It's very short.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
Oh, it's rough.
On rents top to bottom every day.
Best with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
Oh!
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
Okay.
Just a feel.
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen.
You choice of the fags of America.
And don't forget, it's 1136 at 560 W.
We got the mad dog at two doing a show out at Hooter's...
Now what is that?
And is a Hooter's at Dural?
Am I reading that?
Am I reading that correct?
That's what it says.
Hooter's at Dural.
Mad Dog 2 to 4.
The hopper will be on 4 to 630 before the Marlon game.
Marlon's on deck at 630.
Marlon's at the Red Sox, 705.
No more girls teams for the Marlon's to bowl over like they had last couple of weeks.
Now they're playing at the Red Sox.
Tom Jicca for Eddie K after the baseball game and ESPN radio overnight.
That's our agenda.
Little Tommy Jicca is going to be on for Eddie K.
And I can give them all kinds of instructions what to call and talk to Tommy.
But will they do it?
No.
No, you won't do it.
He's body stupid!
560, 705, 60.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing Neil?
Pretty good.
Maddy Kong!
Mmmhmm.
Here's a call from Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I just found out that I'm going to be in Cologne, Germany this fall and I've never been and I know that it was one of your favorite cities.
You won't believe it.
I would just want it to know if you recommend any hotels, places to see, restaurants or anything else that you might like to do over there.
Excelsior Hotel, that's all I'm going to tell you.
Restaurants you'll find all over the place.
But when I watch this happening, they got them.
They got them.
These days have to pal.
Like I said, the excelsior hotel and they're all kinds of good restaurants.
Just eat a lot of those abroad worst man.
Eat a couple for me.
They zap them right off our phone liner.
Either that or maybe they just came and dragged his ass out of there.
Let's see.
Here's somebody that factures the Florida Statute on Sodomy.
On Natural and Lissius Act, the person who commits any unnatural and Lissius Act with another person commits a misdemeanor and second degree punishable is for a yadi yadi yadi.
A mother's breastfeeding of her baby does not under any circumstance violate this section.
So in other words, to make a long story short, let go.
Zan says the history of section so and so which pro scrubs on natural Lissius Act indicates that it's been applied to homosexual acts,
vstiality, digital sex and oral sex, anything other than adult, just like I said, anything other than adult male and female sexual intercourse oral sex.
Anybody out there that's getting ahead, giving head, thinking about it, that's got ahead, right.
You're violating the law on Florida, which is why we have that guy for governor.
He ain't got no head.
Right.
And even though everything's going digital now, you can't do that either.
Isn't he like the headless Norseman?
Everything is going digital.
See, there he goes again, try to just like the guy that said something about with this open up and right away,
Georgia's thinking about acting.
You brought it up.
We're in the digital age and George started to think about ass again.
You know, Georgia's the ass man.
You know, you've heard of the answer, man. We got the ass man.
Why would you immediately go there with your digit?
I'm not going there with my digit.
That's Moe you're thinking about.
You want to brought that up?
Yeah, it's Moe you're talking about.
Absolutely.
Moe Dingelberry.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
That's what he's getting out of there.
That's what I got there.
That was the word that came down.
That's what he's digging out of his behind.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Nice going Moe. Nice reading.
I like where he says that with such passion, you know.
Maybe that's why Greg sent an up for another 15, 20, 30 years.
Nice going Greg.
Just when you think Greg's got a little bit of common sense then,
you realize where it must be talking about somebody else named Greg.
That's the Greg we know and love.
And are terrified of because every time he finally gets, you know,
gets the ship back on course.
He takes that wheel and just gives him a good crank and crank any ink.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
The rise and wireless line.
Get the feeling that there's like nobody in town, you know.
Really?
In your town, not this one.
We got five million people running around here.
Get the feeling there's nobody in South Florida is what I'm trying to say.
You think I might be right?
Absolutely correct.
Because it's just like transfers even just to me sitting here in my chair.
Okay, I can just get the vibe.
I mean, jikas is I don't have my finger on the pulse.
I'm checking for one time.
I can't find one.
No pulse.
That is a freaking door nail.
20 to noon.
A QA.
Let me tell you again for the umpteenth time about a great product.
You ought to be popping in your mouth today and every day.
Olio Med Soft Gels.
I've been doing it for my blood pressure and it is stupendous.
Olio Med Soft Gels contain the finest olive oil you've ever popped in your push.
Not just ordinary olive oil but super concentrated, loaded with health benefits for you.
Olio Med every day can produce the risk of all kinds of nasty grotesque things that you want to avoid like heart disease and high cholesterol.
And now there are 14 different olio med formulas you can choose from.
Each one combining the finest of purists, the bestest is olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific needs from your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system.
You just pick out the formulas that you need.
Right now they've got three new olio med formulas.
One to help your sleep.
One to help you control your weight and sell Q10 for your heart.
While you're out doing your shopping this weekend pick up some olio meds and start making the regular thing of popping in your push every day.
Pick up olio med at publics, records, wall greens, whole food markets, Navarro, Sananos or order it online if you like.
olio med america.com.
If you want more info call your toll free number 1-866 olio med.
That's 1-866-6536633.
Don't forget for better health start making the regular deal.
Pop an olio med in your push.
Slide in local.
We're sports radio 560.
You and you AM.
Displaced.
Two candidates are home and be the friend.
Oh!
High falls and sleep.
Will not you and your head.
I can move.
Reversed.
I rise.
When she's by our side.
You reclaim your cozy.
It's a legal drug and court in Chou.
A good old I will see.
All right.
The day is free.
Color your face, bringing me.
Oh, can a bus please.
That's the home to me.
Oh, can a bus please.
That's the home to me.
I think we're bringing Bina Boy along a little bit too soon.
Two fasts like an athlete.
Like an athlete.
You know, they start promoting them a little bit too fast.
And all of a sudden, these over his head and he starts struggling.
No, it's like I asked before.
I'm talking about putting that thing under about the telephone solicitors.
Putting it on the website tomorrow.
And George's response is, oh, he has an appearance tomorrow at 11 o'clock in Bill's side.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
Come on, you're gonna hear me.
We hear you.
That's what I just got to you Santa.
I was talking about having him put that on.
In our bedtime stories tomorrow.
Your response was, oh, he has.
Don't forget.
I wanted to make sure you didn't forget.
What is he going to start doing like your appearance?
What is he going to be taking over Treasure Island?
That's right.
He already does Treasure Island.
You're making him into a superstar.
You're making him larger than life.
Anybody wants to understand what I'm talking about?
Take a look at our website that picture from yesterday of Sleeping Jesus.
Take a puke at that.
It rotates.
In addition to which would really frost my asses, I can't find that then Walmart's story.
Now that's your fault.
We still have it.
Want me to pass it back to you?
No, no, I gotta hear my pile somewhere, but I went through my piles to find that other story from the Toronto Star.
About the one third of Americans who are a dumber than sawed us, which isn't exactly the way you said it, but that's what he meant.
Now I can't find a goddamn thing.
I'll find it here somewhere, just relax.
56670560.
I just have a feeling today of total disconnect.
Maybe it was when I read that astonishing Barry Jackass story this morning.
Maybe that kind of like true me off.
Absolutely correct.
About how our fearless leader is renegotiating with Mohawar David to extend his contract.
I mean, these are the same people that have been praying, praying to find some way to get his old crusty ass out the door.
Of course, if we got his ass out the door, who'd pick it for him?
Supreme Court just passed down another great ruling that said it's legal to pick your ass, but not so many else's.
Sorry.
Now that's good, right?
Okay, to pick your own ass, but nobody else's.
Absolutely.
Long as it's a little hetero ass pick.
Here's a call from Chicago.
This is always dangerous.
Here's Chicago.
Hello.
Hey, Nail.
Listen to me.
Yes, sir.
You're about the only thing on the radio worth listening to up here.
I can tell you that.
I wish I was on the radio up there.
Now, from a former Florida resident, and I can tell you there's nothing there worth hanging on to a stuff for your show.
I got one for your poll.
Okay, thank God.
I need more.
The me more.
The me more.
She looks pretty pretty darn good in that new movie.
The Charlie Zangel.
Yeah.
And I don't know.
She's got to be about 40, 41 right now, but I would definitely put her up there.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
Have a great time.
Okay, take care.
See it.
One of those places where they have that big thick up.
I can never think of the names of those places in Chicago.
Big thick.
What?
The pizza.
You know what I'm talking about?
The Chicago style pizza.
The Chicago is got their own style of everything.
Chicago style hot dogs with a real bright green relish the extra, you know what?
And the onions and peppers.
And then they got Chicago style pizza.
It's got the, because Chicago's got like a, you know, a flavor.
It's like filly with a steak tea sandwich, even though we hate filly like poison.
But they got the cheese steak Florida.
What do we got?
We got that maybe a no chase is what we got.
Why a bear is in media no chase?
Come on.
We can do a little bit better than that.
Can we?
Come on.
Media no chain.
My ass.
Boy, those things are nasty.
I'm sorry.
That's why you ate a whole tray of them.
Whatever Richie from Borsen brings them in.
Did you mention Richie from Borsen?
Oh, no.
That was a problem.
Like I said, being her boy is going to be doing George's.
He's going to be taking over the show next, after next week.
You know, you're not telling me because you're covering up for him, but he's definitely in a coma again today.
No, he's right there.
No, he's in a coma.
He's never, ever been this quiet.
Since the day he said his ass in his chair, he has never been this quiet.
Either he's swallowed the cat.
That's my fault too.
What do you mean by that?
I told him to shut up and do his work.
Forlone, I don't want him to shut up.
He's a hell of a lot more entertaining than you are.
Jesus Christ, George.
Anybody knows that, including you.
Peter, boy, don't listen to him, okay?
Don't listen to him.
Okay.
Do you want me to send in that check for that computer?
I just got you.
I don't care.
Don't hear.
He's already got his computer.
Yes, what?
Guess what?
That could change real quick.
That could change real quick.
He don't care.
Well, I heard that too.
Now, wonder we had this disconnect.
Great.
We got the little punk who's sitting there with a new $1,300 laptop
that I'm the one that's going to want to pay for it.
He don't give a crap.
And then we got George that's sitting there now playing director.
He's new musical director.
God.
Okay, get to me more, Ronder.
Can you handle that, Peter, boy?
Yes, sir.
Shut up.
195 votes.
What celebrity with a marginal or weak face?
See, we've got a reward though.
Would you tell Eric to reward that?
Because we don't mean the hottest is the hottest of them all.
That's what's confusing them.
It's still hot.
Not the hottest because we already done that hottest poll a million times.
Of course, you can tell who's the hottest by sticking a finger or taking their temperature.
You know what I mean?
Oh, digitally.
Correct them.
Cameron Diaz 59, trillion Barbary 42.
Do you know that definitely back to that colonoscopy place six times this week?
No, he was begging them to keep taking his temperature.
You know, they do have digital thermometers now.
Yeah, Jillian Barbary 42, Jackie Johnson 39, Sarah, oh, Sarah.
See, look at how cute Eric's getting now.
He wrote on there, Sarah Jessica Parker 33.
What a jackass.
You are Eric James Woods 10.
James Woods 10.
That's got to be the crank.
Vote, isn't it?
Yeah, got to be.
He's about as hot as a block of ice.
Dean Kane 9, Laurie Medcalf 3.
And we got Robert Redford Paul Newman, Sean Connery.
Don't have any.
And either of his whoever was just putting up there.
Who is it?
Demi Moore.
5, 6, 7, you better not start playing bushboss too much.
I told you just keep him on a short leash, but don't like, uh, don't intimidate him to the point where you're like, uh, make him useless.
Why, I hope I didn't over correct you overcorrect.
Now he's in a coma.
Oh, he's also, uh, trying to take care of business.
Take care of what business?
Oh, yeah, you know, he's partners with you and your drug business too.
Oh, yeah, right.
No, they still won't give him his car.
And why is that?
Because highly a police, uh, they hate him.
Well, how can they hang onto it?
I was under the impression that I went over there, signed all the papers.
I was under the impression that they, that my car had already been released to the, to the body shops.
Right.
Well, now I find out that no, that it wasn't good enough.
I have to be there on the day, at the moment, at the second, that the other torture company comes to pick up the car, or they're not going to release it.
Or I've got to find some authorization that they didn't tell me anything about.
Boy, you sure continue having problems, you know what?
I think, I think of my life had just gone into crap for like years.
I probably just considered washing really with fully loaded chambers.
Don't already had to wrestle the gun away from him once.
Did you?
Was it the same one that OJ had?
5, 6, 7.
In fact, instead of instead of having George drive your mind, how about AC?
Okay, he's good with that stuff.
He's got a lot of experience.
By the way, OJ, we hate you like boys, and we haven't had any news stories about OJ lately.
Come on, go on, kill somebody on a golf course.
We're getting tired of all this big lull, not anything, nothing going on down there.
So maybe Jose can suckle a little bit of this theory, that's boring.
What's up then, big and exciting like OJ?
Here's a call from Hollywood, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
First time calling.
All right.
Love you, show.
Listen, I got something for your poll.
Okay.
You're getting killed, but I think she's so high.
So, be a copula.
Come on, I'm not kidding.
I'm not kidding.
I think she's gorgeous.
Do you really?
I'm not kidding.
You're ever should know.
I got a third eye.
I remember that big snows you like to be kidding.
Exactly.
Like Nicole Kidman in that movie.
The other one she won the Academy of Workforce, I should look better with the big nose.
Okay.
I got a guy for you too, Michael Steit.
Michael Steit?
Are you in?
Michael Steit.
Is it not?
That was great day, pal.
Okay.
Get some help.
Get some help.
Michael Steit.
Are we putting in either of those other?
It's a fee of copula.
I just can use him.
Okay.
Got it.
That'll be our comedy vote.
Michael Steit is about as high as the Arctic Circle.
Love their music, though.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This guy, he's, he's, he's, he's his first time calling.
He wants to be a comedian.
Like everybody else who calls.
It's not sufficient to have something to say.
We're going to be a comedian.
Ha, ha, ha.
We're going to show you a figure.
And especially now that we got Pharrell on the year, who's a real hoot.
Now that we got him, you think we had amateur comedians before.
You ain't seen nothing yet, sweetheart.
Just wait.
Trust me what I tell you.
We're going to have amateur comedians coming out of our ass pretty soon.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count 5, 60.
You're right.
I should listen to you.
I should have changed the poll.
We could still do it.
This poll just isn't sufficient to keep up the raw weekend long.
Is it?
Well, it's okay.
It is?
Yeah.
I like it.
And then I like Eric.
We're immediately changed the wording on that boy.
We have to tell you the pressure on him is so enormous.
The words hadn't even crossed my ellipse yet.
He was already changing the wording on that poll.
What celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still hot, underlined?
Eric, I'm telling you, you're on top of it so much.
Maybe somebody's filling in for Eric up there.
You think?
No.
It possibly be him.
He got those pictures up there really fast yesterday.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Like I said, everything he does his whole life is geared toward one thing.
That's to make Beenerboy look bad.
My life and look old.
This is Fort Real by 60.
Way to way.
The Steve Goldstein.
But you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to...
Wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Stop!
Hi!
I'm Sophia Coppola.
When I'm not acting, which is most of the time,
I like to cruise around with my famous father.
Take a left, Sophie.
Yes, Daddy.
And I'm really learning to take direction well, too.
Take a right, Sophie.
Yes, Daddy.
And now I'm even doing car.
I'm even doing car.
Commercials.
Commercials.
Oh, Daddy.
What do you think this is?
Anyway?
Get the night by these old folks.
We'll top down, so big.
It's getting ready, get stupid, and go.
I don't see Sophie on the list yet, or Demi Moore.
But again, I'm just hit picking, you know what I'm saying?
12.01560WDKM.
Here's the story that I was searching for desperately.
Walmart Wars from the San Francisco Chronicle.
Would you like a Walmart Super Center store to move into your community?
Think of the low prices and convenience of one-stop shopping.
He's just parked once and get whatever you need.
Groceries, drugs, plants, toys, dog food, even eyeglasses.
Sounds great, doesn't it?
So why have nearly 200 communities refused to allow such big box stores to enter their lives?
Then they know something we don't?
To find out, I embedded myself in the Walmart Wars that have recently broken out in Contra Costa County.
What I learned in the nutshell is that Walmart's non-union big box stores,
dragged down other workers' salaries, destroyed downtown business,
prevents marked growth development and increased traffic congestion.
What really surprised me though is that we, the taxpayers, end up subsidizing Walmart stores
by paying for the health and retirement needs of its workers.
Walmart has announced its intention to open 40 new Super Center stores
each the size of four football fields in such fast growing California suburban areas as Contra Costa County.
But Contra Costa County has fought back.
A year ago, they prevented a traditional Walmart store from expanding into a Super Center
that could sell groceries.
On June 3rd, the County Board of Supervisors voted to ban such Superstore centers
from unincorporated areas of the county.
And making its decision, the Board set it a study done by the San Diego County Taxpayers Association
and non-profit non-partisan organization.
It found that an influx of big box stores in the San Diego would result in an annual decline
in wages and benefits between $105 and $211 million, an increase of $9 million in public health cost.
And they also asked to make the region would lose pensions and retirement benefits
valued between $89 and $171 million a year, and that even increased sales and property tax revenues
wouldn't cover the extra cost of the necessary public service.
And the story goes on its own on our website, Walmart Wars.
One of the many, many reasons that anybody with a brain we all hate Walmart.
Absolutely correct.
Especially George.
Yeah.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget Joy George and Miguel after the show today 3-5 at Fort Lauderdale, Harley.
Vino Boy would be happy to be there, but he's got to give his car out.
Right.
Fort Lauderdale, Harley on Federal Highway, just out the open park, full of our stop-hide-a-win
our very, very low budget, embarrassing Q&A prices.
And Joy free food from the Latin city subs where Ira or a good close personal buddy makes the difference.
And Scott is long gone.
Oh!
And we're pretty, I'm choked up about it.
You hear that? I heard it.
Mmm.
And there's one of the best things that happened in recent years,
is that we don't have to be burdened by that butt sucker anymore.
Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Perfect timing.
I just finished my blimpy sandwich.
Okay.
It was a good, but listen, I had to ask you about on the website here, I wanted to download some of the bed times,
or not download, but print.
I'm going on vacation.
I wanted to take some to read with me on the plane.
But I just seen here that my question was not relevant because I can click on and get the individual.
Because last night my printer was working overtime.
It printed everything on the bed time story.
So I've all the bed time stories.
Oh, right.
But listen, I have to ask you.
It's great with the Supreme Court finally after getting beaten up for the past two years.
Something goes good in our direction.
But it's a great day when the Supreme Court decides to uphold the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.
You know, for now anyway.
Well, listen, don't hold your breath and expect it to happen again anytime soon.
I know.
I have somebody for your poll.
Okay.
Scott Beo.
He's got a bad face.
Well, yeah, I probably probably by now he does.
Yeah, I would think so.
Oh, yeah, all right.
Yeah, he probably about 60 by now.
Okay, pal, you have a great time.
See you.
Scott Beo.
Okay.
William's in Scott.
Shins over five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
Why do you make up stories like that?
That's so ridiculous.
Okay.
Although I noticed I haven't seen either one of them in a very, very long time.
Maybe there.
Remember that show Charles on top?
Here's Jane in four laundry.
I thought Jane had abandoned those.
She hasn't effects me in a long time.
Not that I'm complaining, Jane.
Oh, she says I love the bed time stories, but I realize yours is an entertainment show.
And you can't change the word.
That's right, Jane.
Oh, thank God for Jane.
I'm like that bitch that called me a couple of days ago.
That was bitching me out for being like juvenile and adolescent.
And you know, like I said, we put all that information right there on our website.
Okay.
If you're really interested in finding out what's going on in the world, we worked feverishly for hours and hours to find the stuff that we think you want to know that you won't just read in your ordinary daily fish wrappers.
Okay.
But that bitch that wasn't good enough for her.
I have to sit here and read to her like some kind of a quizzling, which she probably is.
Anyway, Jane says I'll faithfully listen to you as long as you're on because of your stand on the war in Iraq.
Well, the Supreme Court wording is the best news in ages, along with Hermann's passing.
You think when you heard the courts say that that's what I said just a little while ago, Jane.
Listen carefully.
Here are some articles I thought you might be interested in.
I strongly recommend looking into a website called blackcommentator.com.
They have a great article about how Americans live in a bubble where the outside world is seen as inferior.
I was looking at your website.
All those young people who were dying in Iraq for bushes ambition and it really made me sick.
The war is no longer a matter of what bushes.
We're looking at a quagmire says Jane.
Then she says there are poor.
Now did you write this on here?
This is great.
She writes there are four pages.
There are four pages after this.
And then I see George is written not underneath that.
Oh my god.
I'm going to be long.
Jane cut the crap.
Okay, sweetheart.
I know your intentions are good.
She's another one.
She's trying to change the show.
Okay.
I'm not saving a world on this show.
Okay.
Have you heard the calls?
I'm not going to save the world on some stupid ass talk show.
And either of you, Jane, so just calm down.
I'm doing the best I can.
And all this fuss and fear.
I mean, yeah, it was a nice victory for a change, especially with this bunch of Nazis we have on here.
But it's so basic.
It's so basic.
And the public in America has been so brainwashed in believing that the government actually ever had a right to tell you what you can be doing in your bedroom.
Who's naughty and nice?
Who's sticking what where?
You know, can you scratch your left ear or your right ear?
And what is that amendment coming down?
You can scratch your ear.
Mo wants to know.
You can scratch your mobile.
Don't pick it.
He's going to be testifying.
Yeah.
I'm sure he's the voice of experience.
Absolutely.
No question about it.
Good.
God almighty.
Can you?
I sure hope that Mo gets a lot of free meals the next few months because if they're going to extend his contract, he's got to build up a real supply in there for next couple of years.
So we don't run out.
Maybe you'll be hanging out the old seed and feed store.
Here's one that says, Camardy hasn't to me more have weaker marginal faces question mark.
Well, I look.
Is everyone blind?
They're both gorgeous.
It says, how about these two?
Ellen Barkin and Leah Remini from King of Queens.
We got him.
You got him down.
Ellen's a dog.
I mean, we were desperate to add more on the list because we'd like to have a bunch, but we're not, I don't know.
I thought there were a whole bunch of people under.
I could have mentioned more, but what's the point?
And of course, there probably are some people out there saying, oh, if you don't have a beautiful face, how can you be hot?
Well, I tend to agree with that.
I am a face person.
You know what I mean?
I like good face.
Yeah.
It's the most important part.
Well, that's an interesting point to me.
It is.
But if you have a good face on a really horrible body, I just.
Right.
But if you had a chance.
If you have a horrible face on a great body, I still know I can't.
I can't get past the face.
No, but if it's like a marginal kind of pedestrian face on a great body, then okay.
Okay.
Now let's see what you got.
You know, let's take a peek at it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60.
I'm serious.
Maybe it's just me.
Okay.
Maybe my mind is like training off into those days not too far ahead when I'll only be working those two days a week in the dog days in July and August.
That's a possibility, but I don't think so because my mind has been on that for quite a while now.
There's just some kind of a disconnect going on today like like I don't maybe was maybe this is the official weekend where the last desparado is finally bailed out, you know.
Right.
So I think what we ought to do between now and two is give away some Marlin ticket.
Here you go Dave.
How many do you want?
Hey, Eddie, you want some Marlin tickets?
Poor Scott.
You know, I mean, when you're reduced to giving away Marlin tickets like that.
Check it out.
Yeah.
He's learning fast though.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm on.
Yes.
I'm going about the most dangerous man in the world George Bush.
Yes.
Why are they always picking on the little guy?
So how many more unemployed people did he make today by not allowing the poor $5 an hour telemarketers to do their job?
You mean you're on a happy, happy life.
I am not a telemarketer, but you know what?
I have caller ID.
I don't answer my calls.
I'll put the millions of millions of dollars that are generated by this.
And all the unemployed people that he's got to say.
I say I say screw the telemarketers.
I'm with the president on this one.
I scroll in W.
I mean, you know, it like with anything else.
If you throw up crap up any sooner or later, we'll agree with you on something W.
And this is one I agree with them on.
I mean, oh, he has caller ID.
Well, whoopie do I don't want the goddamn phone ring in 50, 60, 80, 100 times a day with some jackass.
I realize everybody's got to make a living.
But go out and do some honest thing.
Okay.
Right.
I don't want to be bothered.
They don't want to be disturbed in the privacy of my home anymore than you want to have those goddamn johova's witnesses pounding your door down.
Oh, Jesus is the way they are all the other crap.
They're watch tower and all of a sudden baloney.
Go pedal to your, oh, you should see the catch keys they got on the street corners here, man.
Oh, they make the ones in the U.R. apparel and win significance.
Really?
And every one of them is like a freak.
You know, they got like one eye where they're left the U.R. supposed to be and their noses where their ass was.
Like, banjo boy.
Freaky.
Banjo boy is a class act compared to these people.
Okay.
Banjo boy would be embarrassed.
He wouldn't even socialize with these people.
They're on street corners.
Jesus is the answer.
They're here in their handed out these pamphlets, all these get-keys.
Give me a freaking break out, buddy.
Okay.
Save us from goddamn religions.
This is my life and local.
This is sports radio by city.
You ain't too way, yeah.
Lord even loves neo-roger.
I'm not gonna let that be.
I'm not gonna let that be.
They'll go.
I thought christy and he was very damn.
Absolutely.
This religious thing was not for me.
Oh, no.
They held a big convention.
And let the invoices.
I had no idea what I was about to see.
All right.
They were speaking in tongues.
That made me a believer.
With kind of fun.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Speaking of love.
Speaking of fun.
They got me believe in my tongue.
Here's a way to move from side to side.
I'm gonna clap.
I'm gonna clap.
I'm gonna clap.
I'm gonna clap.
I'm gonna clap.
I'm gonna clap.
I'm gonna clap.
The Lord will now embrace me.
I'd like my tongue to the beat.
Or the earth or the ground.
Whatever I do, you'll forgive me.
Oh!
Oh!
I was always speaking in tongues.
That makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Playing round with my mouth.
They're speaking in tongues.
That's exactly 65 to 65.
I did this summertime.
It's a rare opportunity to speak all of those young people.
I've been dragged out of town by their parents who are stuck in humid hot unsufferable soft
photos summertime.
All your kids out there religion is bull crap, okay?
Your parents lied to you just like they did about the tooth fairy and Santa Claus.
All is God bull crap.
Religion is just a big business.
Just about the brainwashed masses.
And of course, then you got the zealots.
Yeah.
I have never met a religious fanatic in my life who wasn't a certifiable crazy person,
have you?
No.
The more religious they are, the crazier they are.
Absolutely correct.
So when somebody starts talking to you with a bunch of God this and Jesus saves Ron like
a son of a bitch and call a police.
Call the God squad.
Call anybody.
Oh, here's a good story.
Kentucky priests convicted of sexually abusing two young brothers.
A Roman Catholic priest was found guilty yesterday of molesting two young brothers from a family
he had befriended.
The Reverend Daniel Clark, this is in Shepherdville, Kentucky.
The Reverend Daniel Clark convicted on two cons of sexual abuse and pleaded guilty in
the summer case 15 years earlier what was allowed to remain a priest.
Are you following that sentence there?
Got it.
He was convicted.
He had pleaded guilty 15 years earlier but allowed to remain a priest.
The jury yesterday recommended the maximum of five years in prison on each count to be
served consecutively, not simultaneously but one aside by each one after the other.
This defendant morseled in any other needs to be in prison prosecutor Michael Mann said
he said the 55-year-old Clark had a chance to change and he didn't do it.
The victims now 12 and 13 testified they were abused by Clark and their home and on
outings with the priest.
Prosecutors said the molestations were placed over a four-year period ending in 2002.
See the homophobes out there?
They're always saying, oh no, it's the it's the Fajna Church.
Just the overwhelming majority of these are adolescent boys, it's just teenage boys, bull
crap.
How many of these stories have we done over the last couple of years?
About 500?
Right.
Even though we know.
There's no fact in the church.
We know that.
And we also know that like 98, maybe 100% of priests are all about your facts.
We know that.
But the idea that it's mostly adolescent, mostly 15 and 16 and 17-year-olds is bull crap.
Most of the stories we have is as early as six and seven years old.
Anyway, prosecutors said the molestations were placed over a four-year period ending in
2000 to ending in 2002.
So if you subtract four hernetic mansions, the kids were eight and nine when he started
having his way.
If you want to see a movie that will make you puke your guts out, the boys are saying
Vincent, it was on IFC and then Penteville channel the other night.
Yeah.
It's about a Canadian orphanage in Newfoundland 1975 where they were the brothers.
We're molesting all the kids and then finally a janitor, thank God for the janitor.
He finally spilled the beans to the cops and they came in and they replaced under enormous
pressure, replaced some of these pedophile priests and what do they do?
They replaced him with another bunch.
And now I've got to watch part two which I taped last night.
You ever seen it, boys?
No, I'm not going to look for it though.
And like you're so angry, you want to put your fist through the screen, just want to spit
blood.
Not a thing.
Anyway, the boy's mother had known the priest and child and Clark was a regular visitor
to the home.
He also helped the family financially, including making payments on their trailer and buying
food and toys.
Clark denied molesting the boys as attorney told the jury accusations coincided with a
financial crisis in the boy's family.
The family settled on the church as part of a $25.7 million agreement between the Louisville
Archdiocese and early 250 plaintiffs.
In 1988, Clark pleaded guilty to Sodomy and Sex Abuse for molesting two boys at a church
in Louisville.
He served 90 days in jail and five years probation.
Archbishop Thomas Kelly removed Clark from public ministry after that.
Church officials talked with Clark twice about leaving the priesthood, but Clark refused.
He was named in more than a dozen of the early 250 lawsuits filed against the Archdiocese
in the past year.
Also, almost missed this.
Also, yesterday, a priest in Ohio was sentenced to three years probation for promoting
prostate rule boy.
He met in a bar.
The Reverend Daniel McBride, 76, pleaded guilty of the charge must also register for ten
years as a sex offender.
Let's hear it.
For all those good, child musting priests.
First hear it.
They really tried.
They tried everything.
They did all of them.
There was a bad story.
He pressing.
Yeah.
Supreme Court strikes down law that revives old sex crime prosecutions.
The church is salivating at this one.
The Supreme Court ruled yesterday that government cannot retroactively erase statutes and
limitations of defeat for prosecutors trying to pursue priest accused of lungo sex abuse
on a five to four vote.
The justice is struck down to California about allowed prosecutions for old sex crimes.
It was challenged by a 72 year old man accused of molesting his daughters when they were
little children.
The case was closely watched because of sex abuse problems at a Roman Catholic church,
but it also has implications for terrorism and other crimes.
Just as Stephen Breyer, who makes a hell of a great ice cream writing for the courts
said the Constitution bar states from revising already expired legal deadlines.
Well, I'll be God damned.
How do you like that?
What was the name of that show again?
That movie.
The voice of St. Vincent.
And if you can't find it, it's not on the DVD, but it's on videotape.
If you want to go on like Amazon.com or one of those, or just do a search for boys
of St. Vincent, it's all over the place on VHS.
Let's see if they can show it on IFC here.
Are you pardon?
I'm going to see if they will show it on IFC, the American.
Yeah, because your schedule, the American schedule IFC and ours up here is different.
But for that movie, we'll just make you furious.
Just make you want to scream.
All these assholes in the night.
Well, these are just a few isolated incidents and most of the priests are good God-fearing
man.
Bull crap.
Okay, there are much of perverts.
There are a bunch of pedophiles and out of control chicken hawk fags.
Don't give me a solid dance about the God damned priest.
Okay, I've known a few priests in my life.
Every God damned last one of them was a pervert.
Did you know them biblically?
No, I did not.
Thank God.
I mean, you told me a guy that walks around wearing a dress every day and I'll show you
a real prevert, okay?
And these are the people that you go in there and you sit in the confessional.
Oh, father, I touched myself yesterday and I did this and I stuck my finger in my anus
and I picked seed.
Well, today I'm going to think from Ophi and Catholic.
Oh, can you imagine?
Oh, man.
Wow.
Here's a couple more for the Apolle, thank God.
And I only Campbell, dog face, bought from God.
That's what we're looking for.
You got it?
Got it.
Bernie Mack.
Is that like Freddie Mack?
Fifth guy, great dresser, gruesome face.
I don't know.
I have any idea who that is.
Got his own show.
Bernie Mack?
Yeah.
Black comedian, one of the original Kings of Comedy, Bernie and Mack show.
He's hot.
That's what they think.
Okay, put it on here.
Just for for for a hoot.
Jada Pinkett Smith.
Who the hell is that?
Will Smith's wife.
Oh, no.
You spoiled my weekend right now, I'm leaving.
You why did you mix in Will Smith?
Oh, he just July 18th.
What?
Nothing.
Just July 18th.
But he kept saying that the MPV musical.
Oh, yeah, that was supposed to be funny.
LL Cool J.
Oh, this must be from some Shfar.
Oh, a couple of dark ones it says.
I see.
I guess it's enough dark ones for one day.
Love you, male.
LL Cool J.
Yeah, let's put some shfarts on here.
What do you say?
Don't be blaming the dark folks for that.
And then she was very light-complexed in anyway.
That bitch in Texas that had the guy on a windshield.
She was like almost white.
So don't be starting to pick on our dark friends just because the fact she happened to be a shfarts.
Okay.
I was just kind of taking a back because I'd never seen that bitch before.
And I don't care what color she was or what shade.
I say let's turn her into a lampshade.
Okay.
Oh, my goodness.
That's just, and then she's still in denial.
She's still how she thinks the verdict was wrong.
We never dig it around.
We never dig it around to the ascetic.
Is that still going on?
I don't know.
The extra.
Oh, look at this.
Gaspo blockbusters.
I just missed the spot.
Gaspo blockbusters.
Oh, my gosh.
For some reason it was in Spanish.
Maybe we caught the second part of the offer where they'd say it in English then in Spanish.
I see.
Well, guess what?
Who can play your game?
Uh-oh.
It's the end of the hour, Damon.
It's Ryan News from Italy.
Come on, speak to us please.
The paradise must be Earth.
If you know so many things you've ever done,
side by side, I'll have to.
I'll have to.
So no ev'le camili.
Chiamatini.
Son a dosto disporzizione.
Well, something, this must be a spot for Moa.
It's the paradise mausoleum.
So I couldn't find that movie on IFC.
But they are going the way of the gun this month.
Oh, well that's good, but you've got to see the boys this invincible.
I must.
I can't find it.
Well, just do a search on it and you'll find the tape.
I'm sure it's like about, uh, you know, cheap as all hell.
Even you can afford it, okay?
Probably about eight bucks.
Yeah, you can handle it.
Nothing like at that check.
I'm not so sure I'm going to send you the check after you turn Bina Boy into a,
called Mr. Coleman.
He hasn't said ten words today.
He's been really busy doing what?
Trying to get his car out of the impact.
Ah, ah, see.
Here we go.
He's been busy trying to get his car out of the highly appolish.
He's out of the ground.
He's always got a whole bunch of other stuff this week.
Let's wrap up all of the extraneous stuff.
It has nothing to do with 10 to 2, NWQM.
This is what I'm starting to be very concerned about, okay?
Is people who like during the hours that they're supposed to be working around there,
around the time clock, the clock is ticking.
That's what Clarence said.
A kid that's getting paid heavy, heavy duty bucks.
And he's sitting there.
He's got this problem.
He's got that problem.
His dog just peed on the floor and he hasn't even bought one yet.
And all of this other crap.
He peed on his crotch.
Yeah, that's always a good excuse.
That's what Mo said, too.
He said it was his dog's fault.
He had a left to stuff up his...
F**k off!
F**k off!
This is five cities.
The radio's on your side.
Q&A!
Oh, the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
And now, here's Kamikol Ali, the former Iraqi Minister of Information.
With today's health update.
Good news.
There is no such thing as SARS.
You cowardly American individuals have nothing to fear.
That's why leading health experts encourage all Americans to fly to Beijing, China,
and lead the doorknob of the restrooms at the local walking clinics.
Also, a new study show that smoking cigarettes is good for you.
So, smoking if you got an America with today's health update.
I'm Mohamed Saeed Al-Sahaf.
May God roast your stomachs in hell.
Stay tuned to this station for more updates from Iraq's Minister of Information.
Have you seen him on Abu WTB?
Yeah, his...
Is there a little white...
Pag dad Bob.
He's a panic.
He's a who.
I say, let's replace Mo with him.
Pag dad Bob.
Then a great lead in Ferrell.
I'd listen to that.
I hope that LeBron James dies in a car crash.
Yes, stuff like that.
Let's see, there are five hours.
Here's the fact that this is how about Mimi Rogers is in massage.
Is she that scream in Mimi Rogers?
I think sometimes she screams, but it all depends.
Attractive face, not spectacular, but voluptuous body, and she's like middle-aids.
You think Mimi Rogers should be...
See, I might as well stop reading these because I noticed that the elixir is really busy now.
He's busy with his car problems.
What?
He said it all up.
Oh no, we've had...
There's been about a whole bunch.
About 30 men.
I'm not here.
I'm watching him.
How about you, Pern?
It's all been sent up.
No.
Well, in some other words, your blame it on Iraq now is that what you do in LeBron on Erich's face.
Oh, I would never do anything like that.
Yeah, you are.
You're starting up with him again.
Just because he did a good job and changed the wording on a pull question today.
Now you're starting to pick on Fat Erich up there in Orlando again.
I would never.
I'm just saying.
Oh, right.
The diocese of Furns, south of Dublin, whose former Bishop Brendan Kamiski was forced to
resign last year over a child abuse increased, issued a policy statement effectively telling
priest they should never meet children alone.
The vans believed to be the first of its kind in Ireland, which along with the United States and several other European countries,
has been rocked by revelations of widespread abuse of children by priest.
Why'd spread abuse?
There's no fact in the church.
Pastel ministry to which child-slash young persons should only take place in a publicly accessible place as the
quota conduct issued by the diocese, it says the door should always be left open during such meetings and adds that casual visits by children
and young people to the homes of church volunteers, priests or youth workers are to be avoided.
In addition, it says clergy and church personnel should not take pictures of children and young people while they're in changing areas, for example,
a locker room or bathing facility.
No, you'll notice if you do get poised the same visit that one of the things, one of his pastimes was standing watching all little kids taking showers.
Yeah, I'm serious, it'll make you, maybe I'm wrong, it'll just make you furious.
Bishop Eman-Wall should took over from Kamiski as Bishop of Furns described the measure as a positive move.
The bottom line is it's a good, healthy church environment, it's a good experience for young people, he told staterun RTE radio.
The church in Ireland is in a state of crisis over allegations that priestly sex abuse of young boys went on unchecked for decades.
I just mentioned these things in passing, even though we've been talking about them for years on this program and they give like a little lick of a smear,
okay, it's all done, five done, like Mickey would say, five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line, what celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still hot.
Now we finally phrase that right, 293 votes, lane response for a lane poll, sorry, they can't all be great.
Cameron Diaz, 82, Jackie Johnson, 55 with that monkey face, Julian Barbary, 50, Jessica, Sarah Jessica Parker, I'm just leaving the Sarah off.
Sarah Jessica, Parker 46, Demi Moore, 21, Dean Kane, 11, anybody else see that movie?
No, no, no, Alive, it wasn't bad, you know, two hours, spare time sometime, little under two hours, it's worth it.
It's not in the same category, some of the other movies we've been talking about, but it's okay.
James Woods, 11, that's ridiculous.
Sean Connery, 8, Sean Connery, Laurie Metcalfe, 4, Paul Newman, 3, Robert Redford, 1, Sophia Coppola, 1, and none of the other ones of that list of Zidians and Zidians we had there have gone under yet.
I spoke to Eric, they'll be up any second.
Oh, look, you guys just relax, I don't want to see you guys going into the weekend, it's a holiday come up.
I don't want to see you at each other's strokes again with everybody's happy or at least relatively speaking, you will get your car back one of these days maybe.
Did you get that straight now or not?
Not yet.
What do you mean not yet?
Well, I'm hoping, hoping to have a straight enough today.
Are you going to go there and pick up that car or not?
Yes, he has to leave it one o'clock.
George used to be a repo man, okay?
Yeah.
So what you ought to do is have George take you wherever whatever the lot is where they are torn the car and just have George go but he'll like pick the lock, get into it and the locks that are a problem in those yards.
It's their mongrelly wrought wilers that they have guarding them that I have an issue with.
The fences and what's inside of them?
Well, what do you mean by that? In other words, you wouldn't risk your safety and like to go in there to get peanut boys car out?
Come on.
Hey, don't forget, George.
That's right. You couldn't do it anyway. You've gotten the parents today.
George and Miguel.
There you go. There's an out three to five.
The staff knew that for a lot of day.
A Harley lowkey, the unfetterable highway.
Just south of Oakland Park Boulevard.
Stop out of wind.
Price enjoy free food from Atlantic City.
Subbs.
We got the story and the girls lemonade stand, which we missed this story when it was out.
We'll get to it eventually.
How come nobody in this audience ever brought it up, especially you people over there on a west coast?
I thought this for a lot of day.
Hello, nobody there. See they gave up because I've had them waiting on their for a coupons age for too long.
Another phone is ringing the other room, which means they're probably some kind of a package downstairs or the building's on fire.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
Here's four loaded on five. Hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
Oh, okay. Great.
By the way, those pizza places in Chicago or who knows and do ways are the two most popular.
You know, isn't there one of begins with an M like?
Oh, there's a list.
There's several.
You know, I mean, every joint in every neighborhood is famous.
Is it Maria's or something like that?
Whatever. I never heard of that for the long time.
They also like ribs in that town.
No, one thing about that pizza though, it's very, very heavy number one.
One slice is like a meal and number two.
And number two, it's really greasy on the bottom.
I mean, don't, don't get me wrong. I like it.
But boy, it's so damn heavy.
If you can eat more than one slice, you got a big appetite.
Well, you know how you get around the grease, different ingredients.
If you put pepperoni in it, it's going to be greasy.
But you can try frying the pepperoni first or broiling it.
And if you put mushrooms in deep dish, you get soggy.
You could try sauteing them first.
Nevertheless, more in doubt.
Do you ever see her? Picture ever?
Yes, she's interesting.
She's kind of a hottie.
I mean, I haven't seen her in like 10 years.
Yeah. Well, let's put her on her just for all time,
because she's right such great stuff.
Great. She is a wonderful woman.
She wrote that thing about Reagan a long time ago when he was in Hollywood.
And he was smoking pot and cross dressing with Nancy.
And some chief executive officer or some big company.
You remember that?
No, not really.
When he was cross-dared dressing with Nancy, was he wearing that little red dress?
Must have been tight.
He even kind of the one Ciro Goldfarb was trying to get on.
She wrote this article back when Reagan was on the last leg of his second tour in office.
And he was campaigning for George Bush.
It was a long time ago.
She's sensational. I love Maria. She's my favorite.
Sure is. And she's definitely the hottest person at the White House.
Okay, we'll put it on your pal.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks.
Bye.
221-560WQAM. We got the mad dog at two of the Humpir at four.
We are sports radio fighters.
QAM.
I'll put it on for the second tour.
The Rudolph has come back by her.
He was hiding in the woods, living like an animal.
Just like a white supremacist.
Absolutely.
He is the creep who is wanted for lighting the Olympic fuse.
And for blowing up people who thought they had a right to choose.
And then one steamy summer season.
Rudolph came to town.
While looking for some dumpster food.
A cop said freeze or I will shoot.
Now that the feds have caught him.
He's hiding in a jail cell.
Rudolph the scumbag farmer.
Soon you're gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
I'm gonna fry in hell.
Inside your body.
And instead of looking to go find a physician, a surgeon,
somebody that could remove it, you wanted to find somebody
that could make it grow.
You see what I'm saying?
Grow some.
I've got this disgusting horrendous cancer
growing inside my body.
Doc, can you make it, can you accelerate the speed?
Can you make it grow a little faster?
Maybe some grow noises.
I like that because the size of my rush more
before and by the end of the year.
Maybe some radioactive iodine would speed it up.
Oh, God.
Maybe that's what I need for my thyroid.
You don't understand that, Doc.
I'm not a fat person.
I just have a sluggier thyroid.
That's right.
Genetic.
Yeah.
Like those seven clundite bars.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What?
I admit it.
I forgot all about that.
I'll even go you one better now.
Oh, no.
So I had yesterday.
Oh, geez.
No.
It was nothing like that.
I can't do that.
My blood sugar this morning was 108.
Oh!
Not bad.
Pretty damn good.
But I had to have what I was looking for
a little bit of crappy estate because I had to have my sugar fixer,
really.
I can't get through the day without it.
Tokey.
I am.
And so I'm perusing through the, uh, that place, you know,
when they have all the crap.
And hoggendas, which you know how, what I think about hoggendas,
they make now rocky road.
Somebody, somebody should probably tell our friends at hoggendas,
something about packaging.
Because their packages to begin with are very unappetizing.
There's nothing, I mean, like Ben and Jerry's looking how colorful and, you know,
plus their ice cream so much better anyway.
But so the hoggendas makes a rocky road, which is my favorite flavor.
But the, the, the, the.
The carton, what, what's the little symbol?
They got, they got like a little square of chocolate
next to it, like a little fluff of marshmallow.
And that's it.
I mean, it wasn't great.
It wasn't bad.
It was edible.
The pint was just a pint.
And of course, like that guy that called him,
and I just stayed half of it and put him a refrigerator.
Yeah.
It's still there.
No.
I didn't need half of it or put anything in a refrigerator. I sucked it down like it was there was no tomorrow
Rocky road, oh I do love our day is good. I'll tell you baskey robins makes a great rocky road
Like that sounds like a great idea for lunch. There you go
You know just crush a vitamin into it
First one of my glenace pills for my diabetes into a sugar
So that blood sugar skyrocketing down to about three. Here's a call from Boyton Beach. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I think the pizza you're talking about in Chicago is malnadi
No, that sound right to you. I've heard of that, but I never been there
I expect to act I unfortunately I lived in Illinois for a while and I hated it
But when I had to come here, but I know I've been to Uno's and there was one other one
I think it was Maria's or Mary's or something like that was great
But here we get up there. Maldonadi's real good. Anyway, keep a keep preaching against the Bible some person
Okay, pal, okay, God bless you. I'll pray for you the Bible thumpers are the crazy people okay
Jesus is the and of course I'm crossing the street in this nut cases on the corner hand in the try to hand
He's pamphlets out and everybody I look around everybody's looking at him like a crazy person
You want to know why because he was because he is a crazy person
I'm serious like with one eyeball on the top of his forehead like cyclops. I mean just bizarre
Strange what celebrity with a marginal or weak face is still hot. We're asking today. This poll is going over like a pregnant pole of alter
336
votes weak Cameron D as 89 Jackie Johnson 59
Jillian Barb what is it Barbary Barbary?
Coast ever been in the Barbary coast. No, thank you Jillian Barbary coast. It's in Vegas. Oh that one. No, yeah
I've been in there 54 Sarah Jessica Parker 52 to me more 30 Dean Kane 12 James Woods 12 get him. Oh
James Woods is sexy. I look
Sean Connery this ain't nine
I mean, that's got to be women saying that there's certainly are no fags who find James Woods sexy
I don't think Sean Connery nine Ellen Barkin six Lori Medcalf four Naomi Campbell three Paul Newman three
LL cool J's got a pair you got to see him
So if he a couple of one to your remedy one Jada what is it? Jada Pinkett plunkett Smith plunk your magic twanger one
Robert Redford one Mimi Rogers one non for Scott Beo. What's wrong with his face? I think that was a bad one
How many years since we've last seen him about 30 man? It's probably about 89
Green Mac none and Marine Dowd just went up there 341 votes. I love Marine Dowd. She's my hero
If I were to pick a hero she'd be one of them and let's face we don't have too many heroes no Maudoui except for Mohawar David
I sure were someday when I get that old like reaching there and pick him out is with with the
Alacrity that he does. It's amazing me. Huh? I love that word. That's one of my favorites. Oh, yeah, Alacrity
Yes, he manages to get that wrinkled up old fist down behind his ass and just reach around huh?
God only knows what kinds of things are coming out of here.
Lackum
But at least he shares. That's what I like about him
He shares with the rest of the morning crew. They all get a chance to take a look at it snippet. He's magnanimous
Here's Miami. Hello
Lulaport the games are coming the games are coming the game
That's not news. Here's pompano. Hello. Oh Neil. Yes, sir
All kinds of things data listen house nobody's mentioned Jamie Lee Curtis
Yes, she's a little warm in the tooth at point. That's a good one
Yeah, I can't see that. Hey, but a lot of people I know I like to keep that one. I tell you when George is on I like him
What what's not to like see all the car babies out there, you know? Oh
That is what I know George provides a very important service and so forth. It gives him something extra to bitch about
Exactly. Well, he'll be on he'll be on soon believe me
And I have more hour can teach us the finer points of the post-crash and I ask exactly have a great weekend, Polly
Clip your nails
Jamie Lee
Good one. Jamie Lee Curtis. She's on the list immediately textbook case in her day
Of course she is like you said getting along in the tooth. Yeah, she's very Becky faced
But she always was there fine body in fact that movie Friday the not Halloween part 87
Mm-hmm
That was the first one that I saw Josh Harton
I would just reminding the audience that I'm always on it, you know
On the ball when he was just a little punk like 17 18 years old Josh Harton
He was good man movie and he looked pretty good now. He looks like a real Yahoo
Although he and I see they would tell you that's a sex symbol that Josh Harton
He looks like a Yahoo and it looks like his eyes are like like you can't keep moving
Oh, and also by the way for the guiding light people
You know, that's how Olivia finally got her left eye open
That's her it after all these months and years
Olivia's got her eyes wide open even though Philip Philip has got like his his skin keeps getting drawn tighter and tighter
Like a skeleton you know, I mean we've ever seen by like that
Whereas they get ordered to right again on their face keeps drawing tighter and there and pretty says gonna be nothing like a bag of bones
poor Philip
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 teen Verizon wireless long
We got the mad dog it to the saffron broadcasting from who does it to rail
Go on up and give him a helping hand here's Miami. Hello
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir most sucks
And you blow
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. How are you today? Sure. I'm doing great so far
You know, I think that's a little I think you're pretty. Hello. Hello. Yeah, Neil listen
You got to think you're not overweight. You're just a little too short. Yeah, it's okay
Love man. I'm a fat slab. I got an ugly for you. How about Sarah Bernhardt?
You don't see much of it. It's you the only thing Sandra
Shandra Bernhardt not sure oh Sandra Bernhardt
Shandra. Oh, okay. That's a one. Okay. We got her. Don't want to see what we turn his calls
Sandra Bernhardt. Yeah, he keeps calling for Sarah
Everybody doesn't write these down as he hears them because Carlos is going
I beg your pardon. He went to go get his car his father came to give him a ride to go get his car out of the town
He has to get it by two or they'll keep it forever. I see. Well, that's okay
It would have been nice if somebody would have told me that because I'm just gonna use names
Well, when did he leave about a half hour ago two minutes ago? Okay
Have a good time Carlos get that car and this is it today we draw the line in the sand
Okay, I don't want to start playing butch boss
But this kid he has to start turning his life around you know, I'm saying no, what are you saying now?
He's got that new expensive laptop computer and now that he's got you like pimping for him
And he's got his own personal appearances and stuff and he's got his own
website
McGill
Has gotten no end of grief because of that misinterpretation about the appearances
He's subbing for McGill which means he's the promotions person on the appearance that he has to be at all these producers are calling up saying
You're a carlose is doing appearances. I want to do appearances
Well, what do you mean all these producers are calling up saying that to the name every last one of them?
I don't know
Calling up who I'm quoting McGill he said all these producers are calling me up wanting to do appearances because they think Carlos is being featured at appearances now
I got news for you mister those producers ain't no beener boy
City
First there was the James cocoa diet
But now there's a new diet that guarantees you'll lose one pound or more in nine years or less or your money back
It's the owl's tartan strike diet
Oh, where the orchard got the doom is look for something to be busy and you're all for your bad if you get
Tangerine
Staff your feet and hold a chicken egg in your mouth
I'll finish it each
Well, just a bad now. So try the new owl's sharpens strike diet and with every pound you lose
Owl personally resize your rings
102 at 560 w.d.c. I'm happy friday too
Hope you have a wonderful weekend a safe and happy july 4th holiday, which has come up not that distant right
Happy Canada day Tuesday July 1st is Canada day
City is a pride day here to big gay pride march everybody has got something for me. Don't mean everybody's got a little something
Now this story in the Naples Daily News we somehow missed and it just breaks my heart because it's a classic example of America at work
Forget about the Gulf of Mexico. Who cares about the breathtaking sunsets never mind the romantic lure of the Naples pier
Something's sour as put Naples Florida on the map
This is from June 21, which is like almost a week. You'll week go tomorrow
Media from all over the US have swarmed to now famous Abigail Wardine a brown haired six-year-old who just lost two front baby teeth
Naples bust Naples police busted Abigail on June 13th for selling lemonade without a city permit
The story filtered through the news wires and quickly became a topic on CNN
MSNBC and Fox
Fascist news networks as well as the today show an inside edition
And it's got a picture of little Abigail who looks suspiciously by the way very much like
Sabrina look when she was that age yellow
Seriously should we could be have been her twin sister real cute
Ha ha ha ha ha ha I didn't know you hung it out Naples
Anyway, oh the mother gets around
It's got a picture for her on the phone answering questions from interviews. It's really cute
Anyway, it's as rush limbaugh is talking about it more than 60 radio stations across the country of called Abigail's mom
Casey Shaw
Last Friday week ago today she talked with producers from the nature with David Letterman and for the night show with the umxas J Leno
I mean, this is a true story
It was only nine days ago that Abigail was known to pass his buys the cute girl who sells plastic cups eliminated for 50 cent in front of her old
Naples house
Today she's known as the Naples lemonade girl who has the whole country rooting for her and ran vicious little lemonade stand
It turns out not so many folks knew somebody to need a city permit to operate lemonade stand
Even Naples may or bonding a Kenzie bot lemonade from the small setup before Abigail was forced to close it
I've been a customer of hers more than once McKenzie said that means I've aided and abetted. You know what?
I'm not one bit sorry. It's good lemonade
On June 13th Naples police responded away complaint from an anonymous neighbor who grumbled about the
Permanentless lemonade stand on the corner of six feet and 11th Avenue South although the Naples police officer answered the call was only doing his job
He felt so bad. He bought a couple lemonade
City officials shook their heads in shame so they waved the permity which was 35 bucks after a temporary shutdown the city allowed the business onto
Prenure to reopen
Abigail will lug the white plastic table and two gallons of fresh lemonade to the edge of the driveway at the whatever the date last week at
613 11th Avenue South where a table is usually crowded with construction workers
Landscapers and beach coars with dry throats and sweaty clothes phone calls from media strangers and old friends of flood of the showhouse
Which the family might leave sometime soon to appear on national late night talk shows in LA in New York
God
Is this incredible or what it's credible?
She was selling lemonade without a permit
Fry her ass
With this bitch in Texas that's another story
I'm getting dressed
Hey what about him what was he doing?
Sitting there
Chantay mallard what some mallard isn't a mallard a bird a duck
You have a tail when she when she ran to go over she forgot to yell duck
And tell the jury what kind of drink you have
I had one drink of a
She had one drank a gin
Hey juice is that gin and orange juice?
Yes
Is there any discussion?
Do you want to me ask you this?
You smoke any marijuana at these houses?
No sir did
There was there any discussion at these houses about taking any other type of drugs?
Yes
She had informed me that she had got an expirifant him
No she had you're going to need to move this microphone around because it's hard to hear you
She had informed me that she had got an expirifant him
An expirifant him as he told us she got an expirifant
Is that ecstasy or ex-lacks?
And I just can't stand this bitch you know
Yeah
I mean for what is the reason that she's still walking around alive you know
Through process
Through process of what?
I say give her new process let's take her on a back and pick her apart with our with our hands
I just can't stand that sloth
Amen say it again
I just can't stand that sloth
God
Runs the guy over gets him impelled on her windshield
He's still alive
She puts it in the guy then gay rise close to the garage door and goes in in a very incoherent state
Has sex with her boyfriend while this guy is yelling and begging for help
And for her to call 911 which she doesn't do and he dies on a windshield
And then they take the body and dump it out
Well, what would you do with it?
Here's one from Zrian Bonita Springs
Sorry we West Coast people didn't get this story to this week
I was busy didn't catch all your show a follow up to the story. I was in today's Fort Myers news press
Oh here it is. Thank you very much. Good timing. Thank you very much, uh, Jerry
The 60-year-old Naples girl who became a national celebrity when the city shut down her lemonade stand got some face time
Would David Letterman on the late show? What does that mean face time?
I'm afraid to ask one of those euphemisms that mean I don't want to hear what I mean appearance
Abigail Wardine got to start human before she appeared on the Letterman CBS talk show
Tooth the net alongside Charlie's Angels full throttle star
Lucy Lucy Lou and the uh
Band Nick Cave and the bad seeds
I know what you're thinking. I'm not yeah, you are
You're thinking something about Mo and something about back home. I know what you're thinking right?
Absolutely
The city said she didn't have it we know that blah blah blah
In a yellow dress purple flip flops p-tails and dragonfly earrings
Abigail Cheta would Letterman tell him she had a close down her stand because of the crabby next a neighbor next door
Her mother watched on a monitor from the green room
Afterwards she signed autographs despite not having learned yet to sign her name in cursive and got her picture taken on Broadway in front of Letterman's Ed Sullivan theater
Having it hasn't learned to sign her name in cursive always right
six
Okay
Well, when you when you learn to write like third grade fourth maybe how would they have to be before you start learning to write?
Third man Naples
What are a little slow over there five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T and for eyes on good news
Vener boys on his way to get his car from their clutches at a highlight police
He's got his nice new laptop computer. So there's bedtime stories will be on there bright in early democracy
He's got a big appearance. Oh, no, see I think we ought to just start making stories up
Okay, so he's like what what isn't the other producers business? What the what the problem is doing, huh? It's money
Yeah, well, maybe maybe the sponsors want Carlos maybe because he's associated with a show did ever dawn on them
Yeah, but it's like look at all the look at all the appearances that you do quite a few right now
How many producers in other shows go out and do appearances name you one name me one? I don't know
I think the beast and has pinched it for me. The beast pinched and that's all don't don't say that
See you're you're making bad mistake. Oh, I'm sorry. We're making stuff up up for that right
How many of those guys everyone out producers the exact two appearances? Oh, Robert Reaper. Oh, Robert Reaper forget
We'd be laughed off the radio dial
Who else? I mean, Dave Hagen's a good guy, but has he gone to appearances? No, no, no, no
How about what's his name that's on mad dog? He's with the Curtis. Curtis is a good guy. Does he do appearances? No, he's probably pissed off
They're all pissed off
And you know what?
Tough taters
Five six
Oh, man, what a silly place
What a silly juvenile place it is a QA. Thank God. I'm not there to be a part of a doing a helet to absorb it
I'm already depressed enough from the very jackass story. I'm serious. That's just it's just taking me a back
We thought we were really riding the old rocket so to speak you know, I mean
Like Moe. You've been riding the rocket the pocket rocket
And Pharrell is on fire. We took that poll yesterday. It just uh, overwhelming
Endorsement the likes of which we've never seen in this market in which generally they don't like anybody including me
But now Greg read again just won't he needs to be a putting a rubber room somewhere
We need to have a six month hiatus so we can have it uptime just for things to calm down and come back to earth
So Greg doesn't keep dickin and dickin and dickin and dickin and dickin. You know, he can't stop dickin
I
Know there's a lot you'd like to say there, but we both need the job here's for a lot of you know
Oh, yes sir. Oh, hi Neil George nice to talk to you
Uh, he tried to fin and Jerry's coffee he's bar crunch best in the world. Gotta go coffee he's bar cruncher. Are you smitten me?
Who's that who's gonna call I guess?
Does he have the name right is he he's he's talking about the English coffee crunch?
No, he's talking about there's one that's called see he they can't get it right. It's called coffee
Toffee something okay. I had that I imagine that he probably heard about it from me like weeks ago. I had that
Been there done that
It was good
I'm not that big. I'm coffee anyway. I don't like drink like coffee. Yeah, but I like coffee not necessarily coffee flavored things
No, well, that's what I meant. Yeah, now what what's there's one brand that all they sell is I guess it's um
What's your call Hills Brothers? No, no, they're in a coffee shops
Starbucks Starbucks they had their own line of ice cream but of course they're all some kind of a you know
Mocha this coffee they're all coffee flavor makes sense to me it does
No, anyways, they're still working on a sentencing of that bitch. Okay, they haven't figured out who's gonna pull out her fingernails
Who's gonna pull the heck out or eyeball? Well, what do you laugh about another auditioning for that?
Oh, hey, listen, I'd be out of plane
You let you just give me the invitation. Okay, it doesn't have to be embroidered
And I'll be there in no time at all that bitch. This is one of the most disgusting grotesque
How about execution by Pignata
Okay, sounds good to me. We make you a Pignata. Mm-hmm. And everybody grabs a stick right
And sticks it back to them
Maybe that's what Mocha's auditioning for huh?
Come on Mo get your hand out of your ass. Okay. Get some people have their head in their ass
Mocha is fist in his ass
Jesus, maybe he's practicing for something else
What maybe he's gonna have like a little uh orgy would clear a be a clearance in the beast
Is the clearance ever show up today or not?
Yes, yes, he did show up because I didn't I wasn't sure if he'd show or not because he actually he followed up after muffled to the prologist the other day
Yeah, and I heard they had to get the rotor ruder man, and there's what I maybe that was might have been just a rumor
But that's what I would definitely tell me
113 at 560 WQM
I want to tell you about a place for the holidays and for any time in South Florida because it's always a hundred degrees in the shade
Barbecues galore where you'll find the biggest the best selection of Weber grills and accessories
Starting with the amazing Weber smoky Joe portable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks
And it's perfect for any July 4th picnic
Nobody can beat Barbecues galore's incredible selection of top quality grills including so many that you won't find no place else
They carry a full line of grills including Weber Viking, Janie or Braw mate lots of exclusive grills like I said like the turbo
Barbecues chef cook on a captain cook and not only that but they're all at the guarantee lowest prices in the world too
Right now take advantage of no payments same as cash financing till January
2004 on approved credit this week. They won't take on the amazing three burner cook on grill
Our barbecues galore exclusive it comes with the host of great features normally only found in more expensive grills
Like 42,000 powerful BTUs
Porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills and in January 625 Screens cooking area
I guarantee you won't find another grill like this one for this kind of price now only 349 bucks
And you'll only find it at barbecues galore once again perfect for that 4th of July cookout
Don't forget barbecues galore is a place you've been love shopping
They treat you well the great folks. They know the business inside and out and they've got every kind of accessory and grill
You've ever heard of it's America's best barbecues store and they got stores and plantation on university driving a fountain shopping center
Called 954 423
1400 and coral springs on a corner sample in Rock Island called 954
757 66 68 everything in the university need for barbecuing at barbecues galore all the top brands and unbeatable prices too
Why
Look up here sports video 560s you a
You a
I got into an accident in my new car. I asked the cops just who the hell they think they are
I tried to throw my weight around but misrupey failed so they threw my peanut boy ass in jail and I got bonk
They did the peanut boy bonk
It is their way of having fun
Don't the peanut boy bonk
I like to take my bath in the sink to help keep my triplets nice and clean
When I try to apply my baby perfume right here in the sink is where I got screwed. I got bonk
They did the peanut boy bonk
They liked the boy center and young
So they did the peanut boy bonk
Old man more he moated up to me he said you're the cutest jail boy that I ever didn't see
I'm going to pop your cherry there is nothing you can do because you can't pick your boy friends in the dooms let's bonk
This is the peanut boy bonk
By and large they all would come all over the peanut boy that was bonk
Oh
You can't pick your friends on the inside mobile you can still pick your rectum
119 at 560 WQM here's Michelle who generally is a little more rational and this won't happen to you Michelle
Oh, she must have seen a very jackass column too
Made her a little bit off for the weekend
She says I think you should add an wiki glaciers to that list no way Jose
He is pretty are you kidding me
It says the mole on his face in the addition of anachorn ohoyah stuck to his sr real turnoff well
Even George would agree that he's got a pretty mouth
Rail party
Also she says the guy from uh
Like I said Michelle's a little bit off the guy from good morning america mat lower
She said I don't think I spelled it right no wrong spelling and wrong show. He's on the fedatio
But that haircut he has is a major turn off. He's trying to care up the fact he's going bald
And please don't put him on the list or in reekay
She says I love the bedtime stories that read them every day screw those MFers that say otherwise right on Michelle
Also for the hot couples contest
I think instead of so much breast exposure and occasional penis or speed or to accentuate or give the illusion that we can see it
Would be good well, you know that worked for Aaron Aaron and Amy one of our second one right
And not that they needed any extra help. I don't think but you know
I might have just put them over the top
It might have been just the extra lift they needed everything helps right
And we're not going to be showing no naked penis. Okay, those of you people out there that want to see penis
Our website is not the place you'll see penis. We will see an occasion. Huh?
We will get a police sketch artist to uh copy that make a drawing of the picture of the penis that they send in them
And we'll post that
All right
Oh, yeah, that one picture of Aaron on at the second hot couple contest believe you mean he had not only four pounds of
Browse stuff and insurance but uh a couple of cucumbers too. I think
man
And whatever happened to the other one that we had that artwork never got on there the one where Moe was checking that out
Do you remember the one I mean? No, yes you do
I do the where Moe's head was right next to Aaron's package. You don't remember that one
That one that never did make it. I never made it. I'll see you got a lot of work to do being a blow of your nice
New expensive computer now. Okay, get busy get with it
Get jiggy with it
Let's hear as one of our regular factors who says I caught Freilder. Oh, I wish I could find that
I'm gonna scour more places this week and I try to find it
I saw Freilder on HBO. It was good. However, no record room for dream. Okay. Like I said when I find it
I'll find it check the HBO schedule should be able to find it only I don't get HBO here
PS mode is a demon. Well, I win
Here's another one it says here's another news item from today's news press
Don't think it's quite the national attention is lemonade girl, but someone music Jerry and boat but he to springs who's out of control now
Naples a burglar who broke into a golden gate home god naked open a cool beer and then caught
We've got caught after the homeowner's return and surprised the deputies be saying
Thomas and Jean Wibling told deputies they saw the naked unarmed burglar emerging from their bedroom
When they arrived home just before midnight Wednesday
He's sprinting out the front door, but left these shorts on the bed with his wall and ID in the pocket. Oh good second
convenient deputies responding to the bible is not a lot of calls that they found water markham crodel
hiding in a backyard down the street
They say he broke into another house after the bible and surprised the resident there before running away
The bible is found a cool open beer in their home office and a jewelry box open on the bed deputies said one of their prescription
medication models was in the pocket of the shorts that were left behind
Sheriff spokeswoman Sherry Mauson said fried deputies don't know exactly what he was up to
He didn't seem to be very cooperative deputies after they arrested him
He was charged with burglary of a dwelling and resisting arrest without violence
Yaudi Yaudi Yaudi
He also ordered that all he had to do was tell his lawyer had been stoned and never get him out of any burglary charges
This is true
Maybe he got stoned from those drugs he was taking
Maybe he was doing a sera gold farb you think might be uh-huh
Maybe he was doing some purple ones
5670560 all the sera gold Farbs all the time you notice what he yesterday. I think it was
That I try to do that thing and I maybe was Wednesday about the because I told my um
I was one day my client like bar story right
Eaton seven on in one day within a matter three four hours and and they more fast up
I'm the only fat pig. I'm the only fast-slot and I'm the only one with uh, you know enough balls to tell a like it is
See if you want it if you want to sum up the human race
If you want to find one word to describe most people you know what the word is I give up week
Okay, most people are weak. They can't think for themselves. They want everybody to like them
They don't want to admit their foibles. They want to pretend that they're perfect. They have no weaknesses
Everybody else is out of step except them. Most people are weak
That's why most people are sheep
They're looking for somebody else to lead them down to garden path
Some schmuck to feed them a bunch of bullshit
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, ma'am. How are you? Great. How you doing?
I'm doing pretty well. Jealous that you're in Toronto. We were trying to make it to Ontario during the summer, but probably well
You know, sorry money. Nobody um, I did you know Donneau that you're thinking of
What is it?
Gerard Donneau's
Gerard Donneau's in fact, you know something it doesn't begin with an M and begins with a G but that's not the one
There it definitely begins with a isn't
I mean, where's the one with this genos east that was like one of the greats the one. That's it. Geno is east
Okay, so that's like right off of Michigan and Ontario. That was like the very first one right and then I guess it went to
Uno's and Duos and then
Gerard Donneau's became the next really big in one and they do like a stuffed spinach pizza. Oh boy. Oh, it's really really good
No, yeah, I was at UNO's and also at Geno's east those were the two long time. Okay
Geno's east was really greasy. That's the one thing I grew up in Chicago
So I used to go there all the time
I'm a teacher so I only get to listen to you during the summer
I was very upset you're going to two days but it's better than nothing
So I'm gonna get George for the three but I'll be listening every day until I go back to school in August
But I had one question. How's the thanks for calling lady
Oops, the thanks for calling lady oops
Oops, what you know what that means oops
She passed away last she passed away in the fall. Oh, did she yeah, oh, I'm so sorry
I didn't know
Well, that's okay. You wouldn't know because you don't get to listen every day, but she uh, yeah, we had a call from was it her nephew?
Or a fax I guess it was a fax from her nephew when they went on
She was just terrific, but she's not with a snowmobile. Yeah, I feel like a part of my family has lost
I mean, oh she was such a nice lady. Okay, but at least we still have her on you know her voice
Happy brum
Don't take any bulls**t from him
Oh
She was a sweetheart. She was great. He was well. You take care and have a great summer meal you two thanks a lot
Thanks a lot bye. Bye. Well a nice lady a school teacher. Let's hear it. Oh my god. They made my whole day
It's kind of a marginal day after that very jackass column through us all for a loop
And then of course one the other one the other producers found out that bonerboys got a whole bunch of appearances scheduled for the rest of the year
And I've very very hefty fee by the way. Yeah
Right right
That's what goes he's popular the world likes him. He's associated with a very famous show
All the other guys out there. You're just gonna have to like work up to it. Okay
Then that's just gonna hand you a bunch of stuff our sales department is just gonna come in there's a oh you
You're uh some kind of a flucky board op here you go. There's a bunch of appearances and a bunch of money for you
Not gonna do that
No chance
127 at 560 WQM have your dieting if you'd like desperate to lose the weight
Uh, here's a store that you can love the lights of west bokeh
It's the number one low-carb store in the entire state with over 900 low-carb sugar free products
The lights of west bokeh is introducing new ones every month and this month. Oh, exception
You sure and check out the new instant low-carb cup of soup just add water microwave
It's a low carb meal on a cup four delicious flavors
Try the simply low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast your own individual size of cheesecakes waiting for eight to lights
Almonds stack cakes blindies and six different flavors
The at last branch chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars and the best news about these now when they taste great
But they have no malt at all. They're probably won't waste half of your day on the pot
Also be sure to check out the carburetory-rated drink chocolate vanilla shakes a low carb meal in a can
Judy's low-carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste. They've got the low-carb hot cocoa apple cider blind these brownies
Low-carb pasta sauces dressing chips chocolates in their world famous carbolite ice cream too
So instead of having to shop in your supermarket desperately trying to find something with low-carbs
Here's a store that's internally dedicated to you and don't forget all the Atkins brand products are on sale all day every day
At the lights of west bokeh. They're open daily 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of glades in
441 right next to Boston market you can call them toll free at 1-877 low-carb
You can also shop them right on the web at lowcarb.com the lights of west bokeh is your official Atkins retail center
You ain't too way
Howard David's a bitch
Let me tell you about what thing I know
Oh what I like about Fort Ho already
Yo I want to talk about it, talk about it
Got my life all around for it
Watching men play games and doing their way
Back before the music
I want to talk about it, talk about it, my life all around for it
I'm afraid the women they got dressed and got a lot of movies on their breath
I'd rather watch men play with their balls and join them in the showers falls
But so time it's with so sweet
I have 34 hours to eat me
I want to talk about it, talk about it, rap the lights all around for it
For life around for it
I have 34
I have 34
I'm afraid the women anyway
Never really show them what they say
But I can watch he has to be on all night long
Wagon all my tiny slums
Oh but so time it's so sweet
I have 34 hours to eat me
I want to talk about it, talk about it, rap my life all around for it
I have 34
That's the women
I have 34
I have 34
Oh
133 at 560 WQF happy friday to you
How's that pool coming? Pretty lame
Which celebrity with a marginal face
What is it? Marginal or weak face is still hot
Get those glasses on me, well I'm about a hundred yards away
Cameron D.S. 97
Jackie Johnson in the 71
Sarah Jessica Parker 61
Gillian Barbary
Well I got to write 58
I have no idea who that is
She's all over the place. Oh, then he more fifthed to me 52 at least I know how to pronounce her name now
Can't stand it when they start changing away from downstairs than me. What does that mean?
Demi
I don't mean what is it James what James was 15 that makes me want a barf, okay? James Woods. Oh
God he's about as sexy as Moses asked Dean came 13 Jamie Lee Curtis 12 Sean carry 11
Ellen Barkin 11 10 is Ellen Barkin all the time and the screaming Mimi Rogers 7
Lori Medcalf 6 Lee a remedy 6 Naomi Campbell 5 LL Cools a B heaven 4 Paul Newman 3 Robert Redford's got three votes
Sophia Coppola's got one evidently from that punk
Jada Pink a Pinkett the Pinkett Smith 1
Scott Bayo's got one. I don't get that Marine Dives got a vote
Bernie Mac don't have any how about Freddie Mac? He's got a couple and Sandra Bernhard's got none so far
That's the way it's going. It's kind of a marginal poll. It can't all be great. Okay. I thought it was good
I thought it was just fine, but the audience said we don't get it
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey, no sir. How you doing pretty good? It makes you realize like
When strong something to be a hundred and then you get those things to call on these guys
You know watching see live with up for a hundred years. Yeah, isn't that ashamed? You're right. Yeah, good point and
I'll rely on waiting for you to got brought up on coffee heat fuck front. Uh-huh. Oh, I'm addicted to that stuff really
man, I go to Alpacinth from town registry from the station and they have two five dollars and I go in there with the intention to just get one
But I'll get what you can't eat only one just like Pringles, patented chips. You can't eat only one pint
man, and I want now what's the most you ever ate a one sitting?
Three pint
All right, now I feel better
But it's like when you start on this like you go in there with the intentions of just like getting a little bit
But before you know it one time is gone
Well, that's what I did with those clondike with those score clondike bars
They're in boxes of four and my intention was because I know that that's sort of curi-zum
I was gonna buy one box and then I thought well at least while I'm here
I'll just get three boxes and put them in the freezer and if I would have just not thrown the rest of them out
I'd eat an all twelve but see you're stronger than me because I could never
take water and
I'll find over ice cream. I just feel like that's a waste. I
Think I just got the doc
Yeah, hey, but real quick
I was just since you had the
The court TV on with the lady that I'm hit the guy and kill the lady that's a bitch
Yeah, that bitch that killed the guy and the lawyer after a question that that maybe a book of brink
I think of doing a song on he said on what was you drinking and she said Jen and juice and there's a song
I called Jenna juice by smooth dog and it will be perfect
Okay, holding down the street smoking in though sipping on Jen and you
Work on it right now who needs book of Brian this guy could just finish exactly you could do it
But then you could do the little what's a little thing you do when people fall out to cheer like the guy got here
I'm George there you go. All right. Thanks paling work on it
He's working on it in the song too. Don't forget to join George and Miguel because the real star be the work of be there
He's got to go get his car
From I mean what a why are the people in a building so silly can you explain that to me?
Why are they acting like a bunch of little chillin's?
How else what would he do he's making about 40 cents an hour?
He works about 200 hours a week his life is turned to pure instant Schmidt and he's people are we want we want to have
Appearances. How come we don't get to go nobody wants us well. I think you just answered your own question
Join George and Miguel three to five this afternoon at four Lauderdale Harley on federal highway just south of Oakland Park Boulevard
Stop by to win our usual embarrassingly cheap QA and prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City
And you can give your editorial comments to George and Miguel about the fact that Greg is trying to resign
Mohawar david for more abuse and punishment and psychosis at our fine radio at our once fine and respectable radio station
God how embarrassing Greg
Here's Miami hello
My oh yes sir. How are you good?
Listen if you heard what happened yesterday about
the Orlando judge who
forced that
Retarded girl that was raped to have a baby no
Yeah, it was actually a little over the radio, but I think it's it's pretty ridiculous
I mean the woman was extremely retarded
They say she has the mind of a two-year-old
She's 22 years old and she had been in foster homes or whatever and she had been she's been raped and now her tutor
Went to the judge because he didn't know what to do and now the judge is forced her to have a baby because
He's an and her interest
Absolutely sick. I mean I mean, you know, I wonder what the hell is going on
I mean, you know you're absolutely correct when you say that people are sheep because you know
Yesterday all of these this freaking noise about the
Supreme Court ruling well
This should have been something that should have been shouldn't even be an issue
What you know that's right at home that that's exactly right right see this this is the problem
It's just like the business about language on radio and in decent language
How in the world can a bunch of funny-dirty old assholes sit up there watching and just arbitrarily decide what's
Indecent what's obscene which word is naughty which one is nice what you can talk about it?
It's just and the public like a bunch of little school kids. Oh, yeah, whatever you say whatever you say
Uncle Sam whatever you say it's bull crap
Absolutely and you know what the other thing is then you have those people who were against the ruling they say that
Underminds are a trusted constitutional rights. I mean, hello. If you guys have been taking a look what's going on?
I mean one of these people get their ideas
There to me is sick and maybe it's because I'm from Europe and I was raised a different way well
There you go, but I mean to me maybe because you're from Europe
You have some clue what the real world is all about
I don't know we had Hitler and Mussolini, you know, and I mean my grandmother raised me let you know telling me every day
You know always questioned the authority
Mm-hmm, and this you know we meanwhile TV is making a big deal about
Two people who've been helping Cuba against their will or for you know, it's bad
But I'm saying you know in this country we have home who knows how many thousands of people being who've been held as you know
They're being held against their will somewhere else
Yeah, just you know just because they're Arabs or whatever
So I mean worth the difference really this is just sugar true
It all depends on who which group the media is pandering to in what place and since you're talking about South Florida answers the question
I know I just I just think it's
Thickening and no one is trying to do anything about it. I mean while the you know the elections now they got computers
They can put whatever they want there, you know who knows? Oh you voted this but actually, you know
You may think you voted something else right and you know we got in screwed
I mean the first time the final numbers were in there before anybody actually voted I think yeah
Oh, yeah, I mean, you know, you were so sure he was gonna win this election
I mean this is ridiculous
I mean and you know what if people don't do anything about it and then they'll start you know raising hell
You know we're gonna end up we want hand in the front and wanting the back and guess what it's gonna be too late
Because you know what people gonna think right now?
Well they came for the communist. I wasn't a communist. I don't care. Oh, they came for the Jews
I'm not a Jews. So I'm not a drug on care and then finally once there's no one left, you know
They're gonna come for you
I'll see you at the border pal. I'll see you in Niagara Falls
All right, they'll buy good luck pal. He's a little bit nervous and he understands that most people are sheep
And you are absolutely correct. Here they are and you know don't confuse them. They're busy
They're busy with kaka with your e-springer and kaka moon and whatever else kaka Jenny Jones
That's it. That's what they're all worked up about
You got it even a mad dog knows that at ball games of course. Oh
Ball games guys and Marlon tickets
142 at 560 W.M. It's the neo-Rajas 4th of July
Blowout sale from Tom Laman and Joe Prieto at Halibut party at GMC. It's going on right now
Here's neo-deal number one waiting for it. Halibut get 0% financing for 60 months on every
2003 party echo GMC in stock
neo-deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in potty act can stock
current and former military personnel get yourself an additional
$750 rebate from your friends at Halibut right now neo-deal number three at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as low as
289 bucks a month. It's a 36 month lease talk to the folks at Halibut for all of the tales and neo-deal number four
Get an additional 500 bucks off some of the most popular GMC models including the envoy the Yukon and Denali now through the 4th of July weekend
Plus a GMC toolkit while supplies last and also at Halibut right now you can test drive a vehicle for 24 hours
You can take it home take it to work take it on a Hershey highway wherever you like
Halibut party at GMC you love doing business there because they treat you right no high pressure no BS just great deals and nice friendly folks
You'll find them at 13401 South Dixie Highway that's US run across from the falls open every day seven days a week
If you want more info on those neo-deals call the hotline tool free one trivel 8 5 3 4 4 2 11
That's one trivel 8 5 3 4 4 2 11 don't forget all neo-deals submitted to credit approval talk to the folks at Halibut for details
Halibut party at GMC everybody agrees they are pro-fessional grade
My and local this is 4 3 0 5 6
You ain't can't wait
Born my
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
Saying the Monia's ponies who we turn in their own mothers
I'll venture gonna save that when a guns of your bag if they paint your board that train
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
Well, adjusting enough just have right feeling the airways with hatred the radio
Is permeated with the lights of dr. Laura bill Hendry and Michael Reagan
They call the clear channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear. Are you the right wing Nazi Republican mother
They're all right wing Nazi Republican mother
For all the table talking idiot to who to get any
Hummer
That are married to whatever they are told to believe and worship George's their king
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
Well the democrats who crap their pants like a child's out of scary movie
Have very much color who should go home and shut up because he don't have a clue what he's doing
The democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run
And you can color them done
If they run jolly their mind
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
There are right wing Nazi Republican mother
Absolutely who get indicted is if they're not getting a juicy hummer
Just remember what I said when a gun with your back as they paint your board that train
Right wing Nazi Republican mother
There are right wing Nazi Republican mother
Delicious
149 they sure are very malicious. It's 11 till 2 now this thing that you thanks me that our good friend John
Here's brought in I'd be more than delighted to promote it now read it
But you'll notice that it really doesn't make any sense
It's uh, he kind of scrabbled it scribbled it together because the uh flyer is not flexible
Well, that's about all my children sexiest man in america contest
Right and it says power 96 and I'm sure that the freaky carlos out front no relation to our carlos
Thank God freaky carlos had much to do with this because he's an all my children Susan luchi group uh a groupie suck up
Yeah power 96 is hosting it begins 6 to 11 p.m
Carlos and Carolyn that's freaky carlos
I don't want the board off to your nervous freaky carlos and Carolyn hosting looking for a few good men for a rule in all my children
The only problem is it doesn't say where this is taking place. I got that here
Contest registration 6 to 9 p.m. Stage competition 9 to 11 p.m. This is tonight tonight at the cafe guana and pembroke pines
83 53 pines full of our temperate pines. Thank you
Okay, there you go John. Here's anything for you while our freaky carlos
Stay away from us. Okay. Stay away from us. We want to know why we call him that now here's your chance
Yeah, go go take a puke at it
And Carolyn will be there too. I bet you she'll have some wild most stories
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile in somewhere. Hello. I know
Like I said here's candle hello. Hello Neil. Yes. Hey, Neil. You say you don't know who Julian Barbier is
No, I have no idea who that is well about the eight or nine years ago. She used to do the weather for channel seven
Her name was Julian Worry back then. Oh, yeah
You never heard she was a lot more conservative now. She's nothing but a loudmouth but in Hollywood. You know, okay
Yeah, just like Ricky Tiki Sanchez, man
She's the same like Nancy O'Dell. She works on act of Hollywood. Her name is to be Nancy Humphries on channel six
Can you remember her maybe for that she used to be Ed O'Dell
Yeah, well, I think maybe related you know
But her and Sean Robinson and just help her and the sale they all want to be one
I'm gonna ask you a question because I'm looking at the result of the pool and Cameron Diaz is winning
I don't see anything wrong with Cameron Diaz's face
But she know she's she's kind of like a little girl's face. I don't know. She just she doesn't do it for me, you know
She's okay, but uh, yeah, that's much better. There's better fish in the sea. Yeah, I think so
Okay, yeah, yeah, you have that little spot that goes the radio's all yours now. Who says that?
What does it say the radio's all yours now? Yeah, the radio's all yours now when you go into your brakes
Would you say George speak out Tom go ahead Brian go. I
Can't stand can your plea take that off. Please don't put it on no more. No, the radio is all yours. I never heard that the radio's all yours
That's when you come into your brakes, you know
It's one of our liners now. It is yeah, yeah
I don't know. I just I think I think I'd look it up
You just wore my whole weekend. I never heard that before I somehow tuned it out and now I'll have to be listening for a spoiler
Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, I'm annoying. It is after 10,000 times. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Now what's Tommy a babbling about with Tommy's in there
It's almost two o'clock. He wanted to catch George before he left
To make sure he had an ample supply of goods for the weekend
There you go
Hey, listen George has got to do something now now that beenaboy's off getting his car
He and beater actually between the two and three before he goes his appearance. We're gonna go off and make the tour over there
And now what now what do we call that place that carol city still or not or is that just incorporated? Yeah, I think it's no orland
Norlands. Yeah, the big easy baby. Oh, God. K. John. I'll get oh, yeah K. John and then we got like the K. John barber shop
Right, it's your date jerk pork
one
And guess where you can get some real good
Fennel seeds
To put on your pork sandwich. I give up where
We got in the morning. Oh, give me a good supply. Okay. He'll help you out all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
153 at 560 W to Q. I. M. Hurricane season is here make no mistake about it before storm hits
You always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home
But what about the roof of your house, huh?
The so may paint factory makes roof mastic a roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof
So may's roof mastic saved hundreds of roofs during her hurricane and roof while unprotected roofs were painting off and flying right down the road
So may's also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof called the so may SO M.A. Y
So may paint factory at 305 63 63 33 33 the so may paint factories the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating
Manufacture in the entire state so may we'll save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups
They sell to everyone at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the same national brands at retail stores
So protect your home and property from South Florida's brutal unbelievably tough tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings
So when at the best prices call the so may paint factory be sure and tell me old Neil told you to call
633 63 33 or you can find them on the web at so may dot com and so m a wise so may dot com
You save yourself a Schmidt load of cash when you buy direct from the so may paint factory
Be as like I said be sure and tell me crusty old adolescent needle told you to call
I'm a local
This is five cities
The radio's all yours
You and
Where's the
All right
Oh
People I'll watch in women I stay brand
They're green blue and green
But I'm not sharing
Some say he's brainless
Now much don't talk
Not much to look at but I ain't looking this male's just a little too long
So that's all a little too close
His novel is just a little too long
But while they're grown in
I will be more than nothing
He's got a really big travel travel
So go to the screen if you let it out
He's got a really big travel travel
I'm fishing for the world
He's got a really big travel travel
That fuck can make me just whist and shout
He's got a really big travel travel
I'm fishing for the world
Oh
All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
Bye bye bye
$n5
You
