like a
you
And you're still on me
It's nice, broken with a hole
And there's a sound like big and wrong
Where it's worth that no more
See they said what I was in a little book
They made it a hot tub and fake flicks
Drifted smoke can't be shy
It's fine, day to long
A paper set on a bone
Hanging a rally and crying
932 George is doing the show
Okay, at 560 WDQ I am
You taking a shower now?
No
Okay, anyway, this facts from the SunCentral Business section
Which I, of course, don't read
Because it's all a big scam
Beasley radio turns lost into profit
That's why I kept playing at low-me $50 thing
Because all you people out there who are owed money by the beeslees
No, I find this amusing
Whether they make it a lot of money or things are tight
Makes no difference, at least they're consistent
Right?
Naples-based Beasley Broadcast Group Inc.
Which owns 42 radio stations including WDQ A&M, Country Kiss and Power 96
Said it's consolidated net revenues for the fourth quarter of 2002
Where $32.7 million of 7.5% from 30.4 million for the same period in 2001
And it goes on, net income was this, blah blah blah blah
Net income was 3.2 million, that's for the quarter
Yep
Or 13 cents per diluted share
Or that diluted share
So there you go, they're making money hand over a fist but they still haven't got any
And they still want to pay their bills
Even if they do have money, they don't want to pay their bills
They'll write the checkout, they just will hold on a win
Won't give it to you for 4 months until Greg puts a...
Yeah, they do
They actually do, they write the checkout and then they hold on to it
Well, it's almost like paying it
Greg puts a little squiggle on there
Everybody finds out there's an up and there for the check to clear
And then maybe they'll send it out if you threaten to sue them
I wonder if Norma ever got paid that money
No, seriously, I got a nasty cool, I don't want to talk on a phone
And I appreciate the fact that people have not called me last since yesterday, you know what I mean?
Yeah, nobody
I mean, I've been called from home about the tiny, you know, I had to make that decision
At the moment I got off the ear of the phone right yesterday and there it was
I had to make that instant decision
That's awesome
So let's go for it
Yeah, I didn't say that
I didn't want to sound insensitive and cruel, it makes me sound like a hard-hearted bastard
But it was that time, you know, it was that time, you do what you got to do
You do what you got to do, see I have a philosophical attitude about life
Life is for the living, right?
We're all going to die one of these days and then we just...
When you die, you cease to exist
I know that's a very, very crass way to look at it
But you see, you just don't exist anymore
Right?
And the rest of the world keeps spinning around and whatever's going to go on
Which may not be all that great, but whatever's going on will go on, you know
And that's it
No, that's as it should be
Right
You just can't wallow in pity all of them
I mean, you know, we've done that in the past most of us and what is it accomplished?
It's just, you know, the way we were
And as I speak out of that, I see the schedule then, hoping the Humphers is okay
Because I see Eddie Kay is on the Sanctumune, Mad Dog is on the Web one
Which is good
But Eddie Kay is on a tree, which is also okay, I mean, you know, gambling crowd
We like Eddie a lot, he's just a gambler
Maybe Hank's just traveling, you know, getting started
But I thought he's traveling tomorrow
Now where is that fight? The Reverend Joe, I mean the Roy Jones fight
I thought I said, I thought on my schedule, said the Reverend Jones fight
Yeah
Carlos, do you have some insight? Do we know why Hank isn't working today?
Because he was shaking his head
Actually, I saw Josh when he came in here yesterday to change the schedule
And asked him what was up with Hank and he said that he needs some, he needs a break
That he would still as a feeling well
I told you then, didn't I say that? Didn't I say that?
Yeah
And if he would have taken off, see it's like me, I shouldn't be working today
No, you shouldn't go yesterday
I mean, today I feel a lot better just like, throw this over, ask me
Cut that yesterday, I was like, death boil over, and I was still working
So the Reverend Joe is finally...
You're gay
What? You sounded better yesterday
I did? Yeah
Well, I'm back to the shower, I haven't taken my shower yet
Right
See, I'm catching him off guard this way
And then after I take the shower, I'll sound like Westbrook fan boy, he's in water crime
I'll be all bassy
Oh, I was thinking this last night
I know it's gross to say this, but you think water crime could have ever picked seeds out of his ass?
Well, what kind of seeds, like fennel?
Dick Fennel, whatever happened to him on channel flak seeds
Flak seeds? Flak seeds?
The girl with the flax in her?
He was a flax in heri full loud
He's never gotten a dingleberry
I don't know, just, yeah, see, I don't know, it's just...
You know what I'm sure?
You think? I'm water-
I'm water-
Pick the seed or two in the shower, you know, you reach what's in the shower?
You pick seeds out of your butt in the shower, and the do-
You know everything in the shower, don't you?
There's another fact?
God, that's the best place to do more of those places
Well, I'm more of a place to do that
Anyway, 33 votes to pull us up
I'd rather croak than vote for George W. Bush seems to be winning hands down 19
I didn't vote for that
In fact, I'm the only one who voted for my category
Six A rather than a croak than vote for Hillary
I don't like her at all
At all
She gives me the woolly
Who does?
Oh, sorry, including her husband
No wonder he hates her like poison
Rather croak than listen to Mo, how are David and four?
Look at that, he's not even in a contest yet
Wow, unusual Mo
You're slipping, baby, you're slipping
Or is that just your hair piece?
Off to one side
I'll just change again, Mo's got five
Then bio-micro-jaxon-cd2
Watch another mic-tyson-fight-two
And I'm the only one so far voted for
Drive a Mustang
I will say in all fairness
That the Mustang 5-O convertibles
The GT 5-O convertibles?
Yeah
Sonos are pretty nice looking cars
I will admit that
They're nice looking
But I still would want a drive one
Boy, how would it be for a hot shot like me
Who drives Corvette's for the last 16 years?
No
To be seen driving a Mustang?
No, no, no, wrong direction
Oh, God
Even Miguel, who's a schlepper at best, even he
Is upgrading
Getting out of that juvenile
It's okay when you're like 17, 18 years old
It's like a training bra
A Mustang
Yeah
No, everybody's got a break-in with something
They were big at the high school, no questions
You start out with a tricycle and then you got like a regular bike
Then you move up to your first car
Which is probably not the one you're going to own
And then your first car that you own could be a Mustang
That would be fine
My first car that I own was a Corveer
Yeah, how was it?
I've talked about many many times, the little blue Corveer
The one where the fan belts kept breaking all the time
That's how it was a workhorse, man
They don't make cars like that anymore, that's not just a cliche, it's true
And you got cars back then, those cars back at those days
You could put 150,000 miles on them, no sweat, no problem at all
Yeah
In fact, if it weren't for the fact that the parking brake kept slipping all the time
And that, you know, it was kind of like a tinkertour, but it ran
It ran, very good
Lived in Boston, making all those trucks to New York and back up to Rockingham
Parking back with stops at Adventure Car Hop and Saga's Mass
Man, those were the days
How we missed those days on this show
And you could probably, I'm more into those days
Here's a call from West Palm Beach, hello
Oh, hey Neil
Yes sir
How did you mention passion, so I had to give you a call
I want to show a day late, so I just got to see the shower scene with Hank and Louise today
Yeah
Not bad
Hank
Hank is hot, baby
And we can get around to him and Louise is a bozo about Hank is a hotty, yeah
I do not like Louise
Now, you know the actor who plays
Yeah, he got her many's a good actor though, Louise, he plays a real nerd
The ultimate nerd, he does such a great job, he's always just the goofball, you know
Very true, but the actor who plays Hank is named Ryan McPartland
I'm not sure if you're aware of that
No
Okay, he is a website Ryan McPartland.com
Really?
Yeah, and he has some very, very interesting pictures
Huh
Sure it's off and his pants are probably open
See, if anybody wonders what Hank's purpose is on his show on passion
It's the stand around naked and look as hot as he can, which don't take a lot, you know
He doesn't have much to say
He can't act too well, but he's there to look at
Nice little stiff, right
And one of the pictures he's on and on with another young man, which is very young
Oh my God
Oh my God
Wow
So one word, Ryan McPartland.com, check it out
Okay
How about a material
Thank you so much and by the way
You're gay, you're gay
You're gay
Hank is hot, make no mistake about Hank is hot
Oh, yeah, what a body, what a face
That was a funny call
No, it was a great call
Yeah, what did I tell you?
Yeah, you take one here, you take one over there
Wait long enough, and you notice since the show started, since we got on the ear for some strange reason
The phone is working again
Huh
I still think it's on your end
It could be very well-
Loose wire my ass, Carlos, no one of them won't let you touch anything important
No, no, I'm serious, I mean, you know, Carlos did a lot of good work for us in those days when he was doing it
And still is
But good, another one of these days here about it, it looks magnificent
It's sun, sun is shining, blue sky, the biggest kind of blue sky
It is colder than a witch's ass, man, it is unbelievable
And this is gonna go on again today and early
You know what the current temperature is?
I don't know, what fell off, feltiest
See, I get sick at the right time, because when you feel like this, who wants to go outside anyway
It's minus 16
The high is gonna be minus 10
That's pretty damn cold
Now let's see, minus 10 is, where the hell do I find it?
Minus 10 is 14 degrees, that's right
It's gonna be the high, 14 degrees Fahrenheit
Right now, it's minus 16, which is 3.2 above zero
It's gonna be a little bit more beautiful here, yes, but at least temperature is...
Oh, now you sound just like my mother, haven't I always said what a good match?
What mean, your mom?
You and mom, hey, she can cook right in purgatory, man
Oh yeah, she'll give you some of those, yeah, around brown burgers, man, keep you busy all day
Lie in local, here's the fourth video, 560, you ain't at UAM
One moment, please
Yeah
Let me tell you about our good close-percental friend, come on, Neil
You'll get with the great-broward locations
If you like pizza, if you like pasta, if you like calzones, if you like chicken dishes, if you like veal, if you like garlic, good-a-tai and stuff
If you love delicious garlic rolls, you'll fall in love with the world-flaming pizza love, with locations in Davy and now in plantation
You'll probably see Jeff Irmer and the whole family eating there, whether you go in for lunch or for dinner or for late-night snack
They'll be there
Enjoying a nice meal, Jeff and Ferrell, they'll be there having a nice, nice, free meal
Because I think now we got to 100% on the effort
You folks will have to pay, but the prices are so low at the pizza love, the only the cheapest of the cheapskates would go in there for freebies
Prices are reasonable every Monday, like tonight is lasagna and at the loft every Tuesday is egg, plant night
But one of these dinners on these nights gets a second month for only 5 bucks
Wednesday, kids eat feed with it all, second seed Jeff's famous magic show
Every Thursday is bike night at the loft, come on a motorcycle by one dinner, get the second draft price
In Davy you'll find the pizza love on university, drive right piano and pure one imports lots and lots of reparking
They're right by Armadillo Cafe
For take out for delivery for catering in Davy call 954-916-8880
954-916-8880
And don't forget the new pizza love and plantation right by May, corner in Abel and Sunrise right beyond Walgreens
For take out delivery there 3-82999
3-82999 the same great food, the same very reasonable prices and the same friendly service at the world famous pizza love
We're sports radio 560-7AM
Don't have a penis
I only had some way to have some of Flynn filled fun in a beverage device today
I know Hank Oldboy can and I add odd differences in the past but it's been brought to my attention that the Hank has arranged for some beautiful women to join us in a plushly-affirmed studio
Yeah, it's out of glamour queens from Key West
By the way something, it hasn't escaped me, that's around in me with women
It's a good way of keeping me from getting raped into this
This has a big show of humidity and respect from Hank, begin in his pants
They're coming in now
Woohoo
Put your teeth back in
And it is
It is
You may get her around into me
Get a lot of their voices
They must be heavy smokers
And it's so eh, what do you know what do you say?
Ladies
I won't grow in the back there, it's a bit soft, but I should think
Yeah
They're a wait a minute something
Ain't you a guy of Perry Mason?
Oh it's you Mo
Ha ha, you can't be Perry Mason, you're dead
Perhaps, but I'm still in better shape than you
Why you know good, you got some knife walking in interest like that
Would you mind sharing with the court exactly why we were asked here today?
But why, certainly, it's an offering of peace from Hank Oldboy could
And I'm not a god, it wasn't it you Mo who called the Key West Queens Agency
And said, help me, my show is dying
No, it's not true
Why?
And wasn't it you Mo who said, rapes not funny
Okay, okay, yes, it was me, it was me, I said rapes not funny
I submit your honor that Mo submits
Wait a minute
I so rule
What's the meaning of it?
Come on girls, let's make him out of it
I got it
I got it
I got it
And I got it
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
I
Listen to loose
good guy but loose some weight. He's got two hands.
That's the worst day. Why is this happening? I mean how can that happen? Once they get it back up
wouldn't you assume that it would like stay there? And Carlos has all crushed and taken it personally and I'm trying to
you know to do psychotherapy and telling not to take it personally and feel bad because that's the way they are here.
They don't want him touching their stuff.
It is back by the way. Oh it is back on?
Yes supposedly there's power outages that are going on here at night and that's what's going on.
At night. I can't imagine why it is that these things seem to happen at night.
When people are in there dicking around with stuff I don't think it's the outages but the inages.
Yeah. Too much in and outages going on there at night. A lot of inages and outages.
You know I don't want to pick on your friend but I mean there's something wrong with whatever is going on.
When you have unsupervised children, overgrown children running around and playing with radio station like it's a play toy.
I mean we see evidence of it every single day.
Those seven weeks that I was down there which were like seven weeks in hell.
But that's coming to do with these things.
Every single day and people have diddled with the studios and things are in different positions and the furniture is upside down.
People say oh well I think you're just imagining it.
Right.
Gaslight.
Yeah. Just imagining it.
Problemaker.
Right. Malcontent.
What's this thing about the healer in Fort Pierce?
Just a cute little thing.
It's down.
It's a bad story.
No wonder people don't listen when you're on. You think that's a cute story?
A cute story, in fact, me was the one about peddling the drug gear.
The paraphernalia.
Oh that's not cute. That's nauseating.
No it's real cute.
Oh.
If you're out in the USA right now which I'm not very delighted not to be.
Federal authorities charge 55 people with trafficking in illegal drug paraphernalia.
In an investigation they said targeted the nation's biggest internet distributors have ever won a BONGS,
crackpipes and other drug abuse gear.
Oh my god.
You know one time I fashioned a roach clip out of a paper clip.
It's amazing what some guys can do with a Coke can.
You know what?
Yeah.
Anyway, use that to.
In coordinated raids on Monday, meaning yesterday, officials confiscated thousands and thousands of tons of paraphernalia
from companies boasting up to $50 million in annual sales said, Mary Beth Buchanan, US Attorney in Pittsburgh,
whose office is leading the Operation Pipe Dreams investigation along with the DEA.
No one would possibly use these items for smoking tobacco.
You can't even set it just as department news conference.
We know what you're doing with them.
And we know what you can do with it too for that matter, Mary Beth.
You have to.
Attorney General John Ascroft said the sale of drug paraphernalia has exploded on the internet,
making it easier for teenagers and young adults to buy it.
The items are often disguised as such things as lipstick cases to escape detection and are marketed under code names and symbols.
Quite simply, the illegal drug paraphernalia industry has invaded the homes of families across the country.
It's invading out their knowledge, Ascroft said.
They're shoving it in your door while you're not paying any attention.
They're dropping it into the chimney.
Santa Claus left them behind a Christmas time.
Organizations advocating the legalization of marijuana accused Ascroft of grandstanding.
And of course they are absolutely correct.
We are on a shadow of a doubt.
At a time when the rest of the country is worried about terrorism,
this attorney general is going after people who sell pipes,
said Keith Straubt, the founder of the National Organization for the Reformer Marijuana Laws Normal,
surely has something better to do with this time, like maybe dress up those naked stashes of the good Keith.
Yeah.
Ethan Needleman executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance suggested the bus were aimed at scoring political points against a perceived counter-culture.
I saw the movie over the weekend.
I can't think of an infant about Lyndon Johnson about the part of his presidency where he,
he really did the award in Vietnam.
Okay.
And just like this president listened to all of the wrong people or at least most of the wrong people.
Do you know how many American servicemen and women died in Vietnam?
I don't know the grand total.
58,000.
58,000.
That's a lot.
And for what?
Was there any reason that they died?
No.
Well, the hominids is being there.
No.
The other godless comment right?
We had to stop them.
Not even Mr. McNamara believed it at the end.
Oh, Mr. McNamara.
In fact, the movie was really more about Bob McNamara than it was about Lyndon Johnson.
But in any rate.
At any rate.
58,000 and I thought to myself,
there must be a reason why they're showing this movie now.
And obviously the reason you think it's very...
I mean, you know, everybody's all up in arms about the 97 people who died in the nightclub in Rhode Island, right?
Which it was a tragedy.
And the seven astronauts who died on the Columbia, which is a tragedy.
And the people who died in Chicago and at nightclub.
But 58,000, right.
Young people died.
You know, if they said 50,000 came back in body bags, but a total of at least 58,000 were killed.
For nothing.
Right.
Not to count the thousands and thousands, I mean hundreds of thousands of innocent and women and children who died in Vietnam on both sides.
Right.
But it was worth it.
And of course it was worth nothing.
It was just a total waste of human life.
We stopped communism.
And at the time, you know, when you think back to those times, then of course Nixon came in just at the time when they finally,
a Johnson was starting to see the era of his ways.
And decided not to run again because he knew the jig was up.
And then Nixon comes in and prolong the war for another four years.
Yeah.
But we could kill a whole bunch more people and get that total up to 58,000.
Are you ripping the Republicans again?
And during those times, well, I didn't know Lyndon Johnson was Republican.
No.
And during those times, all of the protesters, just like we see now, were labeled unpatriotic,
comic sympathizers, Hanoy Jane, all of this crap.
Party's moving with his senseless killing.
Senseless contrived killing, coward.
And here we're going through the same thing all over again today.
All the finger pointing at all the bloodthirsty morons, all the people too stupid to read.
And the fact that we had a couple of calls yesterday about that front line show, I'm really depressed because I went online to try to figure out when it held it's on again.
I can't find it.
Really?
I didn't look.
I can't find when I let Dan show his on again.
The one about the the origin of the chicken hawks decision to go in there and do a do this thing years and years ago.
And how Clinton interrupted it was, you know, attack us interrupt us is what it was.
For eight years.
And that's why they worked overtime to get his ass out of there.
So they could get their hands out of controls again.
And carry out their evil plans, their evil scheme.
And they will.
That's what they're doing.
While the rest of the people are sleeping, watching, bachelor red and Joe McNair.
And those people who are making an effort, those people are out there demonstrating the streets and the young people.
And that's like I said before, it's good to see a lot of these people are young people.
Yeah.
They're sick and terrible.
This crap and aren't buying into the bull crap.
They see through it, like looking to repay in a glass.
But they're on patriotic.
They're evil toers.
All the other crap.
They're not with us.
Don't forget.
In the simplistic world of George W.
They're the good guys and the bad guys.
Kind of like in a John Wayne movie, you know.
You read this with it with us or against us.
My name is Michael.
This is George W.
2005 60.
We win.
We win.
Everybody's got a different lifestyle.
We all need different things to help us be healthy.
That's why you ought to check out Oliomed Mediterranean formulas because they got advanced combinations of pharmaceuticals,
a pharmaceutical, a lot of oil, vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients.
And they're scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs.
All different things.
Look for Oliomed's three new formulas.
They have one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and cook you 10, which is so important for your heart.
Oliomed's also got supplements to grow health in your circulatory system.
Your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin and bones.
Even your mind.
Your mind.
All using the benefits of the finest all of oil and money can buy.
And Oliomed makes products for men and ladies too.
Oliomed's an exciting new product that you can pick up all over time at publics,
records, whole food markets and wall greens.
For more information call Oliomed Toolfree and they'll tell you all about their products
and what they can do for you.
Call 1-866 Oliomed.
That's 1-866-65363.
You can order their products online if you like.
Oliomedamerica.com and don't forget to visit their sampling committee at sports town every Sunday during the often season,
which is only many, many months away.
Start feeling great today.
Start popping some Oliomed in your posts.
I am local.
This is 560.
There are a few of yours.
I'm a Q&M.
Oliomed.
My Queen.
God.
No, no.
If you cannot find the song of Bomarack, if the markets are a drama Bomarack, absolutely
I'm a Reticera Ristra.
Frisky, Pakistan is looking chimney or Peria is too risky Bomarack.
If we have no allies with us Bomarack, if we think that some would assist us Bomarack,
OK.
So to hell with the inspections, let's look up for the elections.
Close your mind and take directions Bomarack.
Fall in line and swallow orders Bomarack.
For our right vaccines are orders Bomarack.
Disagree will call the trees and let's make more and I hope this season, even if we have
no reason Bomarack.
Title 1560, WDQA.
So George, you pick up now, take all the calls.
OK.
What are you laughing about?
Good timing, George.
Just blow my snuzz.
And there aren't any calls.
Look at that.
No calls.
We had that one nice lady.
I want to thank her profusely.
Call them and say I'm sorry about your dog dying.
I mean, that was very nice.
Right.
See what I mean about that town?
Oh, I know about it.
This Saturday will be my 27th year on the year in Miami.
27 years WKAT, WNWS, WYNZ, ZAID, WIOD, WQAM.
Just flew right by.
27 years.
And I have one lady who calls and says I'm really sorry to hear about they had to put your dog this late.
I mean, not that that's very, and I'm not looking for that.
Right.
But I'm just showing you the kind of heart that exists in software.
I know even the meter you scavenge understands that your heart is dirty.
Right.
He gets it.
He wanted it out of there.
He said, let me out of this place.
It would know a hockey puck from a goddamn drabile is what he said.
So did you see?
I beg your pardon?
Oh, go ahead.
I saw something on TV.
I was going to ask him out.
And what was that?
The Freedom Fries.
Freedom Fries?
Freedom Fries.
Apparently there's a restaurant owner that's offended by the French take on this war.
And so he's changed the name of the French fries to the Freedom Fries.
Not a big story on MSNBC.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Maybe it's not so bad I'm watching CNN, certainly not new.
Yeah.
Here's the poll results so far.
Rather croak than vote for George W. Boyz 78.
Out of 180 votes.
Vote for Hillary 51.
She's on his ass.
She's right up there.
I'd rather croak than buy Michael Jackson CD 20.
Listen to more Howard David of the 18.
Isn't that interesting?
How he's like falling off the face of the globe.
Maybe they like his show now.
What do you think?
Now that they've had Ding Dong school, maybe it's an out of sight out of mind.
You think that could be it?
Maybe they just don't feel as passionate about Mo anymore.
Right.
Well, not when you compare him to him.
I'd rather croak than watch another Mike Tyson fight 9.
And I'd rather croak than drive a Mustang 4.
Oh, let's hear it.
I have three, I have a little company out there.
You're going to go take a shower now because I see you're just in a day with call.
Right.
We'll a little through.
Huh?
So you get back all refreshed.
Well, no, because I got that live spot to do on the second break of the hour.
And I want to sound really, you know, throaty.
I noticed that on many of these spots you're playing.
Yeah.
The recorded spots I saw.
I'm like slurring really badly.
A couple three, four, maybe half of those are from the post stroke area.
From the right after I had a stroke, which is always a real good idea to make me say,
I guess my car was only OK with one of them.
I was better.
He sounds now they did on those spots.
Maybe because of the stroke that the spot sounds slurry.
To you know, Carlos says it was only one.
No.
Yesterday, yesterday was a couple.
That's it.
I changed all of them.
All of them are one.
The only one that spot is an abortion.
OK, and I apologize to them profusely because they just got to send me that big shipment of olio media.
Yesterday, in fact, during the break by coincidence, I just took two of my immune system olio med,
which will help kick out this cold.
All right.
And it's doing so very quickly along with all the other crap I'm taking to like a dristan.
Yeah, et cetera.
Suda fed.
You're taking et cetera.
You can't take the whole kids and sick.
That's not a good idea.
Have you heard about that taking a whole bunch of a set of yeah.
OK, so he's laughing.
I'm making a joke.
Of course, you can't take too much a sedumine.
Is what it is.
Like extra strike talent off right and all of these other things.
The suit of fed and the dristan all of these they're loaded with a sedumine.
But eat all the fed when you want.
Major league baseball David Wells says he nearly died from taking it.
Major league baseball is usual a day late in $50 short.
But that's where it goes.
I mean, they just refuse to come to their senses.
Well, you got a couple of calls and I'm going to go take a real quick shower.
I go ahead woman before come back before you can say Greg reads a scumbag.
Greg.
No, I just not.
Why is that?
I just got that contract I'm waiting for my bonus.
Greg, hate you.
No, regardless.
OK, regardless.
He's just like PD Lenny man of coming here put on a happy face for you to your face.
While he's away while you know, you know, you feel awful pains in your back.
Like maybe Tabitha's put a wicked evil spell on you.
But it's not Tabitha.
It's Greg.
Not too good there.
Let me say it's not Tabitha.
It's Greg.
No.
Do I get a third chance?
Go ahead.
It's Greg.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Have a nice time in the shower.
I always do.
I'm the only one that's shaves in the shower.
I don't think so.
We've discussed that before.
It's a quick and convenient thing that I always do.
Well, not everybody shaves at work.
That's just a unique situation that we have here with Carlos.
I understand.
I mean, we bust your chops about it, but I understand that you're a busy man.
You're up all night.
You have weird hours.
You're up very, very early, shuttling.
What is it?
And that few relatives to school or something like that?
Which is mighty, mighty, I've gone through all that.
When I was living with my sister, you know, she had four kids, four little daughters.
So I got lots of practice about, you know, changing early diapers.
Which is a good thing.
It turns out that I have lots of practice changing those.
Never changed a male child because I have nephews, but they always lived somewhere else.
You got to watch out for the...
No, no, I've seen it.
I've been a witness to that phenomenon, but thank God, knock on...
Well, you know, whatever.
Knock on wood.
Yeah, knock on microphone.
I never had to do that, but you...
Did you point that out about the freedom fries?
Well, actually, I was talking to you about the restaurants.
And then it just came on there.
The restaurants people...
Because I wanted to talk about the French a little bit before that.
So what's so weird about shaving in the shower?
I don't find anything weird about that.
I know lots of people.
I mean, just the regular thing.
Even in the olden days, when I was so poor that I really...
I mean, there's no lie.
I couldn't swing shaving cream.
You know, when you're on a budget and you're living off of ramen,
six for a dollar.
Hey, that's radio.
That's radio.
You wanted to get into radio.
That was my...
My life on radio.
I can't afford shaving cream if I want to eat,
so I'm just going to put soap on my face and just scrape this really dull razor across it.
That's why they sell shaving mirrors that go in the shower.
Or fog-free.
Right.
First of all, there was one already in there when we bought the house.
And we had the bathroom remodeled and there's a...
The women...
The women in the family.
They put mirrors in the bathroom.
All the time.
So I didn't put it in there.
Not that you need it.
Because I've shaved with that one.
I mean, you're in the shower business.
You're in the shower business.
No, you don't.
No, you don't.
You know where your face is.
You know where all the parts are.
You run your hand along your face.
You can tell where the stubble is.
Yeah, you've missed like one little hair.
You do a little hair.
You can do it every once in a while.
Yeah, alright.
Every once in a while.
But you know what?
You do that when you're shaving with a mirror too.
You don't notice that.
And then you're like, oh, under the chin, there's a big streak.
I missed a streak.
So what...
Are these just all cranks or are we not answering them?
I know you're talking now.
I just didn't know.
Right.
I know what the rule was.
I was just...
I want to talk about the French and Andy Runey had some things to say about that.
But I don't want to make these people wait.
They might have something to say.
Hello, QIAM.
Yes, you are.
QIAM, hello.
Josh.
We'll just blow them out real quick.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You like, you know, the shower is no problem.
I also wish my teeth are the shower.
Okay.
I've known people to do that.
I don't do that.
I do that.
Chose your superiors.
You can't talk because you do a lot of strange things in strange places.
You bathe in public fountains.
So, all right.
Thank you very much.
Doesn't everybody?
Not when they're sober.
QIAM, hello.
George.
Hey.
What's up, man?
Just chilling.
Waiting for Neil to get back from his shower.
Hey, I told Carlos, but I'll tell you on the air.
No, I can't.
He doesn't count.
Telling Carlos anything doesn't count.
I know.
Neil wants to know about that front line PBS.org.
Think about it.
That's where he went, but he wasn't finding what it was that he was looking for.
Well, he could buy the tape if he wants.
I know.
I tell the front line tapes like crazy.
Or somebody in the audience who is already buying the tape or has a copy of the tape
descended here to the station and we'll forward it to Neil.
Right.
Because, I mean, he really needs to see that that episode.
It could be an anniversary present for his anniversary coming up on the first.
Should you think?
They put it on at 11 o'clock at night and usually front lines start at 10 or 9.
So they even tried to hide it.
Shinnere.
Well, that's PBS anyway.
There are a bunch of left wing commies.
Well, we all know that.
All right, then, George.
You have a wonderful day.
Have a happy man.
You too.
All right.
Bear with us.
What's the matter, Carlos?
What are you holding your head?
I'll tell you, you're in the very close.
I just thought it had something to do with the spots because if it's a spot problem, then we have to stop everything and deal.
Yeah, well, stop everything and deal.
A funny happening.
Okay.
Fort Laudida.
But you again.
Yeah.
Me again.
Tavernier.
Hello.
Hey, George.
Not you again.
Hello.
Good morning.
How are you?
I've been, I'm Gilles A, because I've been shaving in a shower all my life.
I don't even use a mirror.
I didn't think it was an issue.
No, you get a nice swoosh.
I get a smoother shave in the shower than I do anywhere else.
I thought it was just a time-shaving thing.
Well, that's how I started, but then I've been doing it all my life.
And I've been using a mirror.
In fact, when I do use soap and I use a mirror, I cut the heck out of myself.
Right, and not only is it time-saving, but it's a mess saver because if you're shaving in the sink, which I occasionally do,
like if I have to go out in the evening or something, I'm not going to take another shower necessarily.
You've got all the stubble in the sink that you've got to wash out of there.
In the shower, you know, everything is going down the drain like everything else.
Well, I've found out you have much.
Much smoother shave.
But one of the reasons I called was, you know, the other day you were saying something to stick a hearing on about terrorism and all this other stuff.
Yeah.
The one thing I'm sticking here and is being on the lookout for this vicious character.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, we're having the worst time ever.
I like how they're saying to silence and everybody's strange.
Right.
I would use the analogy that they're treating us like children, but I don't know any adult that insults their child's intelligence like that.
Yeah.
So look out for suspicious characters like what we live in South Florida.
When aren't we looking for suspicious characters and how and when aren't we seeing them?
Right.
I said, look, the world's largest open air thing.
Right.
I'm looking at the most suspicious character you've ever seen right now.
All right.
Well anyway, I have a good day, man.
As a matter of fact, Carlos.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
Be on the lookout for suspicious characters.
Okay. I found one.
Now what do I do?
So I'm done with my shower now.
I really didn't take all that long, you know what I'm saying?
You really?
You're done with the shower?
A nice hot shower.
All right.
So we learn something anytime shaving.
Not only shaved earlier.
Not only do you have a record breaking a BM talent, but you can take a shower faster than that I can get my pants off.
And it wasn't a rush like just running under the rain drops.
It was a nice, relaxing hot shower.
Huh.
Because I know how to do it, man.
No wonder you get so many things done in the course of the day.
That's right.
When you have a little time left as I do, as some of us, right.
We don't waste any of it.
Hurry on through it.
For example, yeah.
Oh, that's right.
I guess I'm playing the game.
No, I'm playing the game.
And look, this is 43560.
You ain't gonna come away.
Tom Layman and Joe Prieto of Haled Potty Act GMC are proud to announce three great Neil Rogers Neil deals.
So I want you to put your ear right to the radio, especially on this station.
And I crack a little bit.
Neil Deal number one.
Get 0% financing on all GMC 1500 series pickups.
You heard me write 0% and all 1500 series pickups.
Neil Deal number two.
Lisa GMC on Voyfer just $299 bucks a month plus tax for 48 months.
That's correct.
You heard the numbers right.
Only $299 a month plus tax.
And Neil Deal number three, by you of Pontiac Vibe, for just $199 bucks a month.
That's right, only $199 a month for a great Pontiac Vibe.
Haled's also got great Neil deals on use car trucks and SUVs.
And if your credit rating is one of the worst in the history of mankind, have no fear because Haled will get you deals somehow,
even if George has to make the payments.
Might as well make somebody's.
Is it really the triple letter going on right now in Haled 134-1 South Fixie Highway?
That's US 1 across in the falls open every day, seven days a week, for more info called the Neil Deal Hotline Tool 3.
1-885-34-4211.
That's 1-885-34-4211.
Don't forget all Neil deals.
Our subject of credit approval, C-Dealer 4 details.
Haled Pontiac GMC, who shot from the rooftops, we are professional grade.
My life and local, this is 4356-1-2-1-2-1-2-1.
But on sports, radio, by 16 W-2-1.
Toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy toiletoy to
I'm a cranky homo foo Not that I minded but I'm way too old
I bet the size by feeling bad In a trist with feet loaded my man friend did it
I'll kiss and make up with generous a day And then ask him to break my bun
Now they're nover again
Though I would not feel the most old
No
And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union
Just hold him and stroke him away
Boy, babe, can we hear that my guy?
Yes
You sound like a mind your old kid
Hey
Only a macho-mending guy
You don't know
That makes me flip my wig
If ginger was a lover of mine
I bury my bull this skinny nose
Inside his empty rear end
No
No I would not be a sport home
Now
If I was not a closet of fame
That's why a ginger and more gay union
would make me feel guilty in the game
Everybody follow my thousand bulls
Yeah ginger and more gay union
That would make my story funny as real estate
If we had a ginger and more gay union
That he wouldn't have to get me raped
Now you're watching this story on CNN about his little girl
who filled off here that got shot
No, it was still an MSBC
Snowball fight
Snowball fight outside of school filled off here
And the kids are, you know, throwing snowballs
little girls back and forth
Yeah, and a lot comes to one of the dandies
And he gets pissed off he don't like it
He gets his 9mm and all of a sudden
The girl is in critical condition
Over snowball fight
Unsturned
And Leon Harris and the other broadets on their own CNN
They're acting like
Oh, this is just incomprehensible
This is in a country where people blow each other's brains out of our parking spot
Right over a parking spot
And they're saying oh a snowball fight
And is if it's so incomprehensible
That people shoot each other, uh, you know, over nothing
Which happens all the time
Grotesque and unacceptable
Here's the fact that this should also give you an idea about the warm
Cuddly feeling you've broadcasting in South Florida
Okay
Just heard about your lost dog
Which one was it?
It was tiny because the other one we had put the sleep 14 months ago
So I guess by process of elimination it was tiny
I shouldn't have said
Elimination sorry tiny
As a fellow dog owner please accept my sympathy
On a lighted note I had my first riding the Corvette
What an awesome car
Stay well
And you want to know why this is so emotional
Why is that?
It's unsigned
Well
As a fellow dog owner please accept my sympathy
Unsigned
You can't get much more personal and emotional than that
Can you
That's the South Florida FN way right there
They couldn't even make up a fake name
That's what I'm saying
Could have said Joan David, uh, mode, uh, Mo Howard David
Could have said anything
Well the one I just said you was signed
Oh
It's not a condolence
But okay
You can view the front oh this is John and Porte Lucey
You can view the front line program online
Oh yes you can see that
And he's got the thing here but I don't want to go through all of that
I just want to know when it's on the air again
So I can sit back and relax
And I have to view it on my computer
Didn't they say Wednesday?
Did we have a conference?
Well I looked on a schedule
I don't see it Wednesday at 9 o'clock or any other time
Tomorrow
So if anybody can tell me it's on again
You know like people that have a TV guide
Or have a reaction watch TVS
It'd be much appreciated
Especially since we have all these calls
There is one call on the board
No
So like I said now that you're doing a show
Right there is one call on the board
Maybe that's why they thought we were doing the show they all turned out
Right
Here's the poll 229 votes
I'd rather croak than vote for George W. Bush 106
Than vote for Hillary 62
Than by Michael Jackson CD 25
Listen to Mohawar David at only 20
Boy he's small potatoes
He's ready fallen
Watch another Mike Tyson fight 10
Or I'd rather croak than drive a Mustang
Six
Six of us just turning the screw in eating people say we'd rather croak
Than drive a child's car
I mean would you would you ride a tricycle back home after work
Well if somebody stopped making my car payments I wouldn't have much choice what I
Well that's a good point
Well let's work on it
Let's see how it works out for it
I'll take a scooter
Sodom scene using proxy groups to attack the US
From the Washington Times
From our friend Lynn Samo's website
Thank you Lynn
A recent CIA analysis concluded Sodom was saying is highly likely to use a third party terrorist group
To conduct a proxy attack on the US and advanced to American military operations according US officials
And it goes on to say somewhere in the story if I can find it which is a
Not very long, but it's it goes on
That possibly here it is
US intelligence officials said there were recent reports that Sodom would try to use his voila
The Iranian-backed terrorist group now wasn't it our own BDI Bobby Graham many many many weeks ago that was screaming about that
Yeah, and about how come we're worried about Sodom when we got his voila
We got all these terrorist groups that just I'll try to put all these others running on loose all over the country and nobody's doing anything about it right
There we are
I just mentioned that in past you start not again
On speaking of Vietnam which I did before where she had no comment about
I just don't know what it is with the people of South Florida. They like all brain dead. Is that what it is?
Well for starters. I mean we have 58,000 people die for nothing
Those were Americans who died for nothing that dimension all the others right since I guess they don't count
58,000 people have a short memory. They were protecting America
They weren't protecting any interest of ours other than of course the oil companies and the rubber companies
But other than that of the Catholic Church, but other than that yeah
For nothing and the protesters were all labeled anti-American and scumbags and Kami Pinto long-haired liver
Bill a yellow belly, whatever and the same things going on now
This is a follow-up to the story about that lady basketball player that turns the other way to and won't face the flag when they play the anthem
Yeah, there's been more
If yet non-Veteran came out of the court Sunday and held an American flag in front of Manhattanville senior forward Tony Smith
after the division three player again refused to face the flag during the national anthem
She disgraced herself and she disgraced the flags in jury Kylie 56 of often count in New York who was ejected from the arena
After he walked onto the court during the first break and play they showed this on news last night
They showed him marching out there and like
You know stirring her down
Kylie approached Smith as she lined up while other player prepared to shoot free throws
He was escorted out of the gym by school security and local police
As she has done all season Smith turned 90 degrees away from the flag as the anthem was played prior to tip off
Six of her teammates stood at attention with her hands on their chests while three other teammates stood with their heads bowed and their arms at their sides
Smith declined to be interviewed act of the game
Tattoo a thing or two I guess that fit although he's got an excuse
He's a Vietnam vet. Maybe he was one of those other thousands and thousands who came back whose brains were fried
I just mentioned that in passing too
So it wasn't just a 58,000 who died right hundreds of thousands of other people in their families and loved ones whose lives were destroyed
Rowan forever thanks to a just
insane
Unbelievably unacceptable piece of crap and there's another reason you should watch
Born on the 4th of July, which is a true story
Because it's all about that about the ones that came back and what was here they had a version without time cruising
I'm telling you it's his best acting job ever
Really shocking even better than bushy business. Yes, shocking
Hey, they had to hold the gun to my head to make me watch it
Here's a call from Weston hello
Oh
That was it that was it that was a medley of their material hey
All right, so I just reached over and over that and was sounded much better. All right. I wasn't too bad. I give about 8 and a half
Here's Miami hello
Neil God speaking morning. Neil. How are you? Okay. Good morning George. It's morning. Hey, how are you?
First up. I'd like to say my condolence about your puppy. Neil. Sorry. Thank you
The other thing is that I hear you're coming up on your 27th anniversary. Yeah, congratulations my friend
I know that it's a little early about that the other thing about that girl not wanting to face her flag isn't that a little
ridiculous. I mean, I don't have a problem with people doing that. I mean, why are they making such a big deal about it?
We're burning the flag for you know, right? That's right because it's something for all these other militant
Assoles to get bent out of shape about so they have to single her out and you know all these great Americans who supposedly understand what freedom is all about
They have to like abuse her because she's exercising her rights. Yeah, I don't keep that you know
I myself is there six years in my military and I consider myself so much picture. I can visualize even all about as much as you can get
The other thing is that you talked about oh Vida. I don't trust Bush going to war
I don't support the war really because I don't trust Bush. I think he got other concerns others
You know, he got money concerns. He wants that oil over there as far as I'm concerned
I don't trust Bush money. Oh, you say you said the two magic words that duck didn't come down
But you said the magic words money and oil yep, you know exactly well you haven't been
Okay, thank you. Thank you. Well, there's a guy military guy. Yeah, he doesn't support the war doesn't trust his president
He sees through and he sees what it's all about. Oh, I gotta do the break. Oh, it's a good thing. I know I show our right that spot
And probably should remove my
Recola for my mouth doing a spot and indeed and just like yesterday you sound a thousand times better after the shower right
Well, that's because I inhaled the hot fumes in air unfortunately though. I didn't fart
Oh god, I would love oh
Man, there is nothing out of here what anybody says. I wonder if all the cronkites ever done that
Far did real bad in the shower in a hot springy shower. I should have heard and inhaled it right. Wow. What a mahaia
Hey, homeowners. Is there anything worse than venturing out to your backyard for a swim looking at that once beautiful pool of yours and saying
Oh my god, what happened here? Oh my god. It's stained. It's dirty. It might be cracking
Well, you don't have to look at that mess anymore
Just say no mo ugly pool. That's no mo and call our friends in Atlantic Marcy
These guys aren't pool guys who want a cleaning service
They are real construction company who uses full-time employees not subcontractors
Atlantic Marcyte specializes in the most incredible innovation to hit the pool business diamond bright
Do you know that my pool is diamond brighted by the way? No, I'd never heard not by these guys
But by a cliff to put by it's a great stuff
Atlantic Marcyte's been pouring it on for 12 years their license that ensured professionals
They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond brighting
And you'll get the same price that they give to the contractors
They'd route or palm beach call Atlantic Marcyte
They're the largest in dollars of diamond bright in all of South Florida
They'll come to you and give you a free estimate
They also perform pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating and exotic water features too
For the best call Atlantic Marcyte tool free 1 800 558 883
1 800 558 883
Diamond bright to a right cause diamond bright is a pool's best friend
My best local this is my city
Radio's all yours
Q&A
Sorry, oh sorry, I forgot to screw it up on my phone again
Right in the 90s in the White House doing all this presidential bid
He's there in the oval office though he's not sure what an oval is
His practice in his speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze
But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from around your ear and ears
Saturday he's still no smarter things what's in the center central goal
You could say his brain is useless kind of like the tiniest clock of ventricle
Now he goes to give the speech with words his vocab cannot reach he looks up
Ray
But he won't tell you how he feels instead he'll talk about some bad mistakes he'll make
He can't spell
He cannot
run out loud
He can't speak
So what he says
So is in doubt
Don't ever clue
Don't bring it in his head
So he just
Babbles on
Babbles on
If he said babble on
For the 6560 WQ Mr. about that the drop in there it headed in cue and so I you know play part of it right well you heard it
I enjoyed it right and so you want to know what it was what I'll even share with you because I thought it was
Tile because that's right right before was Tom Hopkins and decriminalized pot in Florida. Oh, I thought it was kind of timely
So speak in a front line
Yeah, just so you know because I wasn't checked the Yahoo listings both
Manually and I did a sir not on again, and it's not going to be on again
What is going to be on is a class divided a teacher's 20-year experiment and teaching third graders about discrimination is examined at a class reunion
Yeah, but as sometimes they change those things they do repeat the first one
But obviously our audience isn't interested in letting me know what else going on with that
So just like the first one if we'd had a little bit more you know a little bit early morning
But I'll check it on the web of all the bedtime stories we have today
This could be the most interesting US plans for oil industry after Sodom speaking of that last caller
This is from the Houston Chronicle
Peace protesters are pointing through the streets the U.N. Security Council continues to squabble and the US has yet to decide whether go to war in Iraq
Oh, they've decided while so much about a second person go for rains uncertain the Bush administration is busyly planning
Let Iraq's oil industry might look like after Sodom who's saying
The Pentagon already has scoped out Iraq's oil fields hoping to forest all any order for the Sodom to torch the nation's crude wealth
The US State Department's future of Iraq's office has been soliciting input from free Iraqis on a range of economic and social issues
And the White House is considering he'll be in charge of the second largest oil reserves in the world
Whether an American might soon be running Iraq's oil sector remains unclear
It's fuzzy. They're wiping off the crystal balls
But this much seems certain the White House is considering a radical recreation of Iraq's government and economy
And I think we all have a feeling we know where they're going to be sticking that hose
Yeah, don't say back to them. They're going to stick it to the hose
How's that pull coming the old glad you asked?
I'd rather croak then 271 votes than vote for GW Bush 129
Both for Hillary 69 did make it up
All the numbers changed again like I said 70
Fire Michael Jackson CD 34 listen to Mojawi david at 25 your small potatoes mode. They don't even care about you anymore
They have bigger face to fry
I'd rather croak than watch for another Mike Tyson fight 12 and drive a Mustang six
You're gonna take that call from the red Lanzer or am I?
Hello
Hello, yes, I am. How are you? Okay?
Sorry, how about your dog? Thank you. Got a cat that's in a similar situation an epileptic cat. Oh, we were not you
I have to commend you sir
I've actually attempted
Feasuring attempted to call a couple of other
Radio talk shows
much much more right wing
Than than what you do
Um, you're the first person
That I've heard at all mentioned the similarities between although the both crap that were
Being pounded with right now regarding this
Fortcoming war. I'm a Vietnam veteran by the way, right? Um, I'm very proud of it
You're the first person to mention the similarities between all the crap that we're hearing now about oh, we got to
Save these people in the free their country and all this crap. That's the same shit
And same stuff. Excuse me. I heard in the sixties
Mm-hmm, and I and looked in the army and I went overseas
To do just that I believed in that war. We sure did a wonderful job for them. Didn't we yeah? We lost 50,000 plus guys and
Everything's exactly the way it was before
And the friendship by the way we're smart enough that time to get the hell out of now
It's after all those years the French finally gave up. They gave up. They got out of dodge and we go in there
Yeah, so I mean, I don't know how I feel about this war. I'll be very frankly
I'm I'm not sure that I believe in it. I'm not sure that I don't believe in it
Uh, what's what's about to happen? Well, the the interesting thing is that it started out as regime change
And then when that became unpalatable it became
He must eliminate all of his weapons of mass destruction
He doesn't have any weapons of mass destruction now that we know of that he didn't have two years ago
And five years ago and ten years ago and twelve years ago and most of what he does have he got for must in the first place
Yeah, yeah, true so so you know it's just as transparent as that business about
Afghanistan and Taliban and once the Afghan pipeline deal fell through and they were no longer our buddies because they were
A hiding and protecting Osama Yomama and we had to eliminate them and get their the scumbags out of this so we could
Rekindle the Afghan pipeline which like I mentioned we're getting that deal started up again now
It has nothing to do with people being oppressed and about wanting to free anybody
We don't give a crap about freeing anybody well
This this government doesn't care about freeing the people in the US today
They don't give a crap about other people being free my correct. I have to agree with you
And I've been there and I've seen it and how many people is this administration?
Well in all these chicken hawks how many lives are they willing to sacrifice of innocent people so they can get their hands on a Iraqi oil
That's the question everybody in this country ought to be asking right now
How many innocent people have to die to make these people happy?
Okay, one of the interesting things about this
This presidency is that the people who are making the decisions have never seen dead dead bodies back
Right that's right. I have lots of them right and it's it's sad
But you know what I say let them go over and fight the war I agree. Okay, I appreciate you. Thank you
Let them go over and fight it all the chicken hawks ramspelled and the wolfowicz and purle and liby and gw and dictainia let them go
But they're leaving the charge
Didn't Sodom challenge him to a debate how about all the other yeah, we got that Sodom challenges burst to debate
I start on dead rather like it but they could arm wrestle or something. Can you just imagine that?
No, and of course every flesh away. Well, oh, oh, oh, oh, we're not gonna do that
Time for debating is over they're going in and two or three weeks
It doesn't and that should that's you anybody who's still on the fence who has any doubts
That should be the only message you need to know
Every time Hans blicks as well. You know, we really didn't find this and we they really don't have that and these missiles only go 15 miles beyond where they're supposed to go
Which is hardly worth blowing up the world for uh, we don't like that
And then we make some other crap up and we just keep making stuff up and making stuff up and oh
Well, they might have this they might have that and come clean. We know you're not coming clean
How those ghost ships coming? Oh, they're out there somewhere man
I don't think we have a ghost of a chance to find them
But they're out there somewhere carrying all of those biochemical weapons and all those
All of that all the these things nerve agents right
And if that's the way that we had before which I don't doubt is true
But when you're back I'm blue and it tick to the wall
That he's gonna like unleash whatever our connections. He's gonna hear with his balan Hamas and whoever else
How many innocent people are gonna have to die in this country right?
Because of the fact that these people won't listen to the overwhelming majority of people in the world in addition to which
When you read about American opinion of America in the rest of the world now
It's not just in one or two or three places. It's getting scary. Oh, they're just jealous. I see
If they're getting scary what they think about America and the American government
They don't have nice cars and color TVs like we got so they hate us. Oh, they don't
Not like we got anyway. What am I getting excited about 19 till 11 at 560 George is doing the show case
I had noticed because I'm out of the weather. I had no man is it one 80k for Hank at 3 Hank is all I'm the thank god better late than ever take a few days off
I'm pretty yourself a back-in-shape
We got her a coup in warm-up at 7 u.m. And Villanova the Wildcats at 7 30 nothing Albee and Wildcats but Villanova after the hockey game
We got the big because that's all we had available and Joe and Mark with that juvenile show there is 2 to 6 in the a.m
Hey, if you guys out there are like mo since he just mentioned and are looking for your hair
It might be in the toilet might be on the floor. It might be next to mo
I don't know where the hell it is the mo you look the less you can find it if you want to get a great looking at air
Call my buddy Charles Alfieri. He's the man. He's the hair specialist for over 25 years working with a famous and
infamous and deadbeats and everybody in between Charlie's been helping guys look their best with his incredible natural
Hairline system there are so many people who are spelling all kinds of things now
Mousey looking hair pieces. They sell that propicia and really push you off too when you find out that it's dangerous
Number one and number two you won't grow a single follicle with it
So get Charlie's natural hairline system. It looks like the hairs really growing out of your scalp
He can make you look younger and better than you have in a coons age
Call him if they're tool-free number mention me around you to any to call you get that special
$200 discount just for mentioning my name so book up and tell him that Neil Tornady call
1-800-321-2413
1-800-321-2413 or check him on the World Wide Wicked Web if you like
Charles Alfieri.com get your hair back this year from Charles Alfieri in Fort Lauderdale
I'm in the local this is five cities
The radio's all yours
You in
the
You see our ratings for the last book
Yeah, I know
Sure
Good
You know
No
No
No
I got enough I got to think about a top I get in rate and then I don't need a rating that's a minus eight
Don't care what you do
You got a wake a little harder on the guest you
A russian guts to go
There's a lot of fat producers you know
That's right what you're about to do
You won't wait for more no more no more no more no more no more no more
But you pass that for you won't wait for more no more
Oh brother all that blah blah I don't understand
Now you can eat from a drop while using both hands
That big that's that's your data rating
You just like click and it's all your fault
And it's straight you fat ass out
Well, I'll take the food out of your mouth
That's right punch your back
That's for you won't wait for more no more no more no more no more no more no more no more no more
Listen what we say
That's for you won't wait for more no more no more no more no more no more no more no more
You who I am
Yeah, lucky you, guys happy
Send. I owe more time. You're I'll have to be right enough
10 46 5 60 wda qa
I'm still trying to be kind of on his memory cause you're doing so poorly in the pool today
Ah So I play a lot of moments
Some good courses here Mark says a couple of things the Vietnam war was fought by a young rural and
What is it say? I don't know something
Urban four minorities over nothing. I lost one cousin in the war and another to suicide upon his return
My hammer out was considered a bad American for defying the war movers now. He's a world hero
Jimmy Clipper to great song called Vietnam. Maybe George is heard of it. No
What doing what's next mark now? We know what's next mark? We're just hoping it's not as bad as if might be
Now if I said something about the French chef to you. I didn't know if you were interested, but I can't pronounce his name
About what this French chef
Loisot
Okay, the committee person aside a famous chef Bernard Loisot and shockwave nationwide today and
Spark condemnation from fellow culinary masters who acute Francis all powerful food critics of pushing him over the edge
Loisot 52 was found dead yesterday in the bedroom of his home in Salud near his three-star
Coat the ore restaurant in Francis Burgundy region east of Paris
Rifle was found by his side police were investing in the cause of death however employees and family members suggested
He had committed suicide
The news at the gastronomic world in the morning and became leading topic of the French media
It also sparked a bit about the merits of restaurant guides waiting systems as which chefs awaited cheer. Oh, I see why he killed himself
He maintained his top rating of three stars in the 2003 edition of the benchmark Michelin Red Guide
However, he lost two points going from nineteen
Hey
Surrey stuff going from nineteen to seventeen in the twenty-foot rating system of the Gopmi Lou that got his game in prestige in power in recent years
He said if I lose a star, I'll kill myself
Said another three star chef Jacques Le Moud who has a restaurant in Shagli in the song a little a reason
God I can't stand a French man can't stand it. No
I mean they're not fooling anybody with this whole business about their position
See if they were doing it from the right standpoint. Yeah, it would have some credibility
Right, but they never met a terrorist. They didn't like they do a lot of business with Sodom including sell them the plutonium for the nuclear reactor
These really had the story in the first place
And you know just like the Russians who do a lot of business with the Iraq and they got the right opinion for the wrong reason
That's the wrong nevertheless never never less is right
Because one thing I will say we want to shut over doubt
They are pigs I don't like to generalize but in their show we always make an exception on this show the French are
And if you don't believe us, let's go to Hollywood Beach
Mike our chronic factor Mike's ism of Vietnam
Vettin still can't believe that fifty eight thousand died for nothing
I almost made that list several times made it back to the USA in one piece
He says it did make me and when angry person changed me forever today's people don't have any idea what the world is
All about thanks to you. I do get to laugh and smile sometimes
Thanks is Mike pie up he has the movie platoon messes me up every time I watch it
It was the best version of you and onto me. I'll tell you I had tears in my eyes running down my cheeks
I think it was Saturday when I was after no I just I just found it the Lyndon Johnson movie by accident
I want on my movie channels. Yeah, and
I you know at the end
Which by that time a Mackamere had come around and realized the folly of the ways and the Johnson was taken all the wrong advice
And then they finally came back with the at the end of the movie show in the statistics and when it came up on the screen
58,000 Americans died for nothing. It just you know, it just really got to me
nauseating and we're supposed to be so concerned. I mean of course any
Rational persons concerned about the three thousand people lost their lives at 9.11
Mm-hmm
And if we really had proof that Iraq was in law
We you know by now if we had any concrete proof if we had a smoking gun if we had even a lukewarm gun
We have nothing and you want to know why we have nothing because there is nothing there is absolutely nothing
Didn't the world around line right one line they use that's right and that is that terrorists don't leave an address
Right unlike traditional wars where you know who you're fighting when you deal with terrorists like they don't they don't
Leave an address they all rallied around for the Afghanistan thing because we knew exactly who it wasn't where they were at that
Particular moment. I mean we do know we're 15 of an 19 terrorist in those attacks came from a way not a
Rack it was shot at a radio. We're doing business with those people and we also know the people who are much much more and
In fact if you wanted to attack a country where the overwhelming
Majority of the population is in favor of overthrowing the government
It would be cooperating to say to least it would be our ran not a rack Iran is the country right where they've trained
His belong all the other terrorist groups were there obviously the chigger in a wood pile
So Saudi Arabian Iran and North Korea would be far far ahead of Iraq
We've been able to contain him all these years
You know he was a bad boy. He went into Kuwait and we went in Iran in no time at all. We got it back out
That's all no must know fuss. He represents no imminent threat to this country
But because we want to rattle a cage
Who knows what kind of crap this group of chicken offs is gonna stir up and the public just sits back
Oh, yeah, he's so wonderful and he's so good
And never stole a freight train see it's the John Wayne crowd. They like that
They like the guy with a sick shooter in the cowboy hat and the blinky beady little eyes
Yeah, the Alfred newman look
And of course he shouldn't worry as much like Alfred Newman says what me worry cuz he ain't going there anyway
Right, oh, here's the show about frontline. Thank the Lord. Hello me. I'm squeezing myself. I got the info you need
Okay, the frontline episode is called war behind closed doors, right? Okay, it's gonna do out. It's on the dish
It's gonna be out on the WGBH Boston station
March 21st
Okay, if you want to buy it I could give you the 800 number. It's 2995 plus shipping and handling
By the time it would get here would be a pointless because I can as of today
It's available online the whole thing right because it will be reared March 21st at
On Gbh Boston the station up there
Yeah, the way things the way things are going these days. We don't want to plan that far ahead
You know, all right no problem. I just wanted to let you know if you need to want me to give you the 800 number
No, I'll check it out online all right. It's called war behind closed doors. Right. Thanks a lot. No problem
How can we not give the numbers out oh five six seven oh five sixteen day in powered pound five?
You should get off easy. Yeah, I always get off easy
That's what I heard eight seven seven seven eight five six three four five is toll free anywhere else online nine
What is it again eight seven seven seven eight five six three four five?
I never give that number because I don't even know what it is. I mean I didn't have that number all the time
I didn't have it on a post it no in front of me. I'd forget it too
Because we almost well we get an occasional call on there from out of the market
I guess if we gave it more often we might get some calls on it
Most of the time we get a call from inside the market
From inside the building well that's who I would doubt it
Probably from Maddie Bell or PD I do like when a stranger calls I
Like Charles Dernier. Maybe I'll have one call you later. Maybe because he's fat
Thanks Carolyn Carolyn one of our regular facts. Her sense of control is about timing and about her pets and Yadda
Thanks, Carolyn John and Portsey Lucy was becoming beyond chronic but a good guy my condolences about your dog Yadda Yadda
PBS is doing a members choice fundraiser in March so it's possible it could be shown then yes March 21 John is what we just heard
The next schedule front line is not until March 20th at 10 p.m.
Hmm well
Whatever they should do a pretty crappy job, but and of course nobody watches PBS anyway
But since they showed that here just a couple nights ago. Wouldn't you think?
Wouldn't you think?
That somebody in the mainstream news media one of the networks somebody would be like a spanning on it and
I
Is it amazing how the overwhelming majority of the good stories that are coming out on this are coming from out of the US media
But it's in the UK or in Australia where been hell is coming from around the rest of the world?
You mean media pinko commies in other countries anti-American
Colleagues will crap all his garbage about the always a matter of fact
Paul Vagallem at a good point across fair last night about the Washington Post
And about how everything that has to do with the the Bush deal on Iraq is on page 8 of the Washington Post and by every time
They find out that they're full of crap. They hide in the middle of the front section
But when they come to find out about Baba Baba and Monica something they had on the front page every day
So he said so much for this book crap about the liberal Washington Post in liberal media
We all know it's a pile of crap. You really ought to get that Eric Alperman book what liberal media?
I'll just borrow yours or just turn on the Fox News for five minutes. You understand what I'm talking about. No, thank you
And a good news about being here is we don't get Fox News. Oh, you can't. Oh, right. And you wonder why I'm in such a good mood
Here's a call from what is it Delray Beach? Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, everybody. Okay
Good long. I used to listen to you. I used to live in Bokka. I'm not living Greenfield South Carolina and listen to you visa visa
The
Electron of Hairwaves. All right
Thank you
I actually have an office now in South Rape Beach which I am right now
Mm-hmm. And I'll I still listen you back in the days when you were with Captain Dave and the bird and all that stuff
And and before you know Tommy with the
Red Wing Tommy
Cluck's clan South Carolina living brush
I'm from that and fat down my issue by issue that person can be liberal
But I think you're totally full of crap on this whole world with the rack because apparently you are privy to more information
In the federal government and the United States Congress and the United Nations and everything and you're just
Because you're a little talk show based on what?
What do you face your opinions on apparently you know more than the federal
Wait a minute. So the United Nations passed another resolution. Is that what you're telling me?
The United Nations already passed a resolution authorizing the use of first
If in fact there's a material breach of the current of the former resolution and I have a
Price has the United Nations passed a second resolution
Which is what almost everybody is demanding including the majority of the American public if they don't that?
You know
There's no reason to mail because the president was already passed that's like, uh, you know
I'd like to
Since you're so a steric all about this sir since you're so a steric and also again throwing around the tags the liberal
Taco all this other crap you know you're gonna want to talk about crap. What evidence?
Where's the smoking gun? What is it that Iraq represents a threat to you?
Well, first of all
You know you and I are both watching up to live in what's called the Constitutional democracy and sir
I'm not interested in some kind of a civics lesson. I asked you a question. Okay. Don't give me double talk
What evidence is there that Iraq represents an imminent threat to you or to me?
Well, I don't thank you have a nice day 1058 at 560 Q.A.M
I could can't keep a packer in his pants
Tonight on cops it's the delude I need a new computer
Monitor
Yeah, you and your liberal talk show
Yeah, that guy he was classic man. He was a textbook example of what's wrong with talk show collars
And then of course when you ask him, I'll get you know don't kill me a double talk in a civics lesson about where it is
Where that just answer the question it couldn't do it. It wasn't gonna do it
We're up against the break anyway, but when I experiment it because I could tell he wasn't gonna do it
Well, you didn't have an answer and you knew that and the idea that the idea that we all have to go step in line and then the
The venom to use that word again the venom that he was attacking when you and your liberal
Yeah, I don't give a crap if he listened on Zayda or not
That's another lifetime ago. What does that have to do with anything?
In other words once upon a time he liked me right and now because of the fact he doesn't agree with what I'm saying
I know more than the UN if the UN had the proof if the UN really bought the the
Column Palai and by the way, how come if the UN was buying it?
When the French ambassador the UN was finished speaking he got an ovation in the UN was his almost unheard of that kind of display of
motion is it never happens in the UN and when Column pal finished with his statement which he cut short because he was pissed off and fired up
There was deathly silence how come sir if the UN is so convinced now all the rest of the world. Oh those are all American Hayton counties
Nick Christoff writes in the
Liberal New York Times say I'm not one of those people who buys it in this crap that liberal is a dirty word
I'm proud to be a liberal, okay
Hitler on the Nile Nicholas D. Christoff writes into these papers on our website
Now I'm not going to read because I have no voice to read anyway and plus it's bedtime stories
But who gives a crap because that guy just pisses me off because he doesn't know what Ali's talking about
He said there's so much chest thumping so many alarms about Iraqi menace
That I sometimes feel that the only patriotic thing to do is invade the Iraq and plow salt into its soil
So it's useful to conjure a conservative warrior or like Dwight Eisenhower and consider what he would do if he were president today
After his experience with Hitler I quit stand up for the lily livid pussy-footing peacenix and squished Sodomo saying like a bug, right?
No, probably not
Eisenhower led the European allies to victory in WWII was president from 1953 to 61
Face the crisis in Egypt similar to today's and effectively chose containment rather than invasion
Likewise, even when faced with a threat of weapons of mass destruction
President John F. Kennedy chose to invade a contained cubo rather than invaded and president Ronald Reagan chose to contain Libya rather than
invaded
I hope we have the courage and discipline to emulate such restraint by Eisenhower Kennedy and Reagan today and choose containment over warfare Iraq
In Ix case he faced a man perceived in the west as a far greater minister in Sodom is today
Gamal Agilasser of Egypt
Massor had the potential to upset the globe in a way that Saddam doesn't
Massor was idolized by the Arab masses and aggressively intervened abroad
He helped the Algerians fight the French forge close ties with Russia and infiltrated terrorists into Israel
Israel also went terrorist operations in Egypt blowing up American libraries and cultural targets in an attempt to tarnish nasor
When nasor nationalized the Suez Canal in 1956 the west was sure that the canal would fall apart and disrupt global trade
camera radio
Once boasted millions of Arabs are preparing to blow up all of America's interests all of America's installations and your entire existence America
Oh the hox will protest nasor didn't have weapons of mass destruction actually he did
nasors troops used mustard gas and Yemen
Your opinion leaders were determined not to appease this Hitler on the Nile France
Israel and Britain conspired to invade Egypt and Ausd nasor it was too risky to allow this
Adventure or this miniature Hitler to develop
Prinister our Prime Minister gay Gimileia france later told nasors boggler for gene lock a tour
Ike was outraged and so did the to the Europeans what they're trying to do to us now
He forced the invaders to retreat and solve the crisis peacefully the U.S. is committed to a peaceful solution
declared
Thank God for Ike if the hox have been running the show then we might still have troops in Egypt
The hox to their credit have a good recent record their military forecast
They correctly sub that the first bell for in the Afghanistan invasion would go easily while those worried about cragmyres
But the nasor hysteria also reminds us that the hox have a consistent track record of shrieking obsessively and seeing one minor country after another as global threats
In an eye-balting alarmist way that in retrospect looks hysterical
In
1950s and 60s the hox magnified the threat from Vietnam and Cuba in 1980s they obsessed about Nicaragua only a one week bus ride from Texas
None of these threats were imagined but they were exaggerated
Now the focus is on Sodom and it's true that he's been brutal and threatening for 25 years
Especially in the 1980s when Don Rumsfeld was co-zing up to him in Baghdad and the U.S. was shipping him seven strains of anthrax
The last 10 years have been the best behave the Sodom's career not saying much and he's now 65 controlling an army only a third of its peak strength and in the twilight of his menace
The arguments against containment of Sodom are also made about Nasir
It will not work western credibility will vanish if we back off if we don't invade now
We'll have to fight him in a few years when he's stronger and yet Nasir faded away as Sodom is already fading
So one can accept that Sodom is a threat and that irack would be far better off without him
And yet prefer the Eisenhower approach of containment
We might remember that Eisenhower warned Britain in 1956 that its insistence on outing the outing
Nasir was leading the sweeping anti-british sentiment and that while initial military successes might be easy
The eventual price might become far too heavy
writes Nick Kristoff in the New York Times today and by the way speaking of Eisenhower
The last thing he did when he left office in the inaugurated Kennedy
In one of his last speeches he warned he said be where the military industrial establishment
This a former hero general right
W W always like being where the military industrial established
The dangerous ones is what he said
As big in the Kennedy of course there were some of the people who assassinated but that's beside the book oh
5 6 705 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T lines or just doing the show to thank case you have no doubt
How's the pool coming I'd rather croak
I
Rather croak and talk to any more assholes like that guy
I don't mind disagreement. I'll say I'd listen. I was trying to be patient. Right, but it's always it starts with it
Yeah, you live all about you all that other crap. Yeah, no don't blow your voice out. Oh, say crap like I said the same
Huh, he saved the good insults for when he called me back
Oh, did he the same one what oh because you know that that you're scared of him
You don't have the balls of the baton don't you know? No, he didn't he wouldn't answer the question
Plus we're already a minute past the break and when it's obviously had nothing to say I'm gonna sit here and just uh
And to the show over to him when you're an asshole sir go back to where the hell they say go back to Carolina
Carol line go back to South Carolina with the banjo on your knee you finish perfect. There's a reason there's a border
I'd rather croak 358 votes and vote for George W 169
Vote for Hillary 79. I'd rather croak than via Michael Jackson CD 43
I'd rather croak and listen to Mohawir david and 40 he's moving up a little bit
Then watch another Mike Tyson fight 17. Rather croak they'd rather have a Mustang 10 of us with magnificent taste
You didn't listen to that I beg your pardon the Mustang
Yes, I did I vote for that
Are you trying to tell me what I voted for now? No, I just thought you I saw gaslight
Pretty good movie. Oh, guess what I saw yesterday. I give up in its entirety because you touted and you said it was a good movie
Yeah, cuz it was on again on the ifc channel in the national film channel
frenzy oh, yeah, it was uh, okay, you know
Pretty long to go all the way through that for that ending, you know, I mean
fairly predictable again with the potato truck
Oh the potato truck was cute. Yeah, when it cops our legs and body dangly out of the back of the potato truck
That was very cute. Yeah
I do and I don't like
this story about in the Sunsettinal
Which one mothers of Lionel Tate and the fan you're presumably the Pope
I wonder if the crap is that you know crap seriously first of all
You you Catholics out there. I'm talking only about the ones who support this kind of mentality
Mm-hmm you better understand that the rest of the world doesn't give a flying crap about this pope or any other pope
in the Old Man in the past
And even though I may have it to agree with him about the war and you know, you can pick and choose
One from column A and one from column B who gives a crap what he says right
And they're meeting with in the Vatican this way to campaign for changes in how the US handles children who commits serious crime
Remember when he came to the US
Last time he was in the country right any uh, he said don't execute that guy in St. Louis where it was
The execution right yeah
Of course St. Louis of course being a very heavy Catholic city mm-hmm
That this is the this is the Hutzpah of organized religion not just the Catholic Church all of them
Yeah, go go practice your superstition and walk around
Oh, you know what other movies I saw the other day what's that Sunday I
Tape them the Oman and part one was the other one Damien what a Damien of Oman too
Also another turd would watch those
The first one with the Gregory Peck right with Emily uh Remick mm-hmm right right and a second one with William Holden and Lee Grant
Damien look at me. It's all for you freaking Damien punk
Schmuck
Yeah, but anyway two South Florida moms Lionel Tatin the Thane of Brazil are in a delegation of 34 people from around the US
So are meeting with Vatican officials this week their sons as we know were both convicted of adults from murders
They committed ages 12 and 13
Tatin now 16 is served nearly two years of a life sentence without possibility of parole for the 1998 beating death of Tiffany Unic
a 60-year-old family friend
And Brazil also 16 is served two years and I'm once of a 28-year-old sentence for shooting death of teacher Barry Guno at Lakewood school in 2000
I see I don't understand why
uh
Lionel tape
Got a stiffer sentence life without possibility of parole and the other kid I mean, I mean, you know, he smothered her and he was like
And it was indefensible, but nevertheless how do you compare that to a kid that takes a gun to school because the teacher won't let him in to talk to his girlfriend
brain's out right there
How do you compare that?
I don't know with a chart
The visit comes as Tate's attorney is expected to launch a second effort to get clemency and as Tate and Brazil's appeals make their way through the system
The delegations being led by the Reverend Thomas Masters of Pastry at New Macedonia Baptist Church in Riviera Beach and founder of Under Our Wings
An organization working to end the prosecution of children as adults the imprisonment of teens in adult prisons
And the execution of people convicted for murder is committed when they were youths
Full crap
The crime has to fit the punishment and it also has to fit within the parameters of the society in which we live
Okay, and that's where it is a violent
right
horrendous rotest society that has very little respect for the value of human life
That's why it if weren't so sad it would be comical
The way the median nashes their teeth about all these poor 97 people that died in that club fire in Rhode Island
Mm-hmm all these other all those poor seven astronauts who died on a Columbia
And then in the meantime within seconds after they report this story they got the microphone in some parents face
All what do you think what's your take?
What's your take on your kid just died for no reason at all? I could puke
As if we're supposed to believe that they have any sensitivity when it kind of kind any kind of decency at all right
They got this poor father he was running around with Polaroid looking for his daughter the tears were streaming down his eyes
Yeah, like Niagara Falls and they're following him around with the cameras
About the parents that were standing outside the hospital with the kid you know he survived the fire
But he was burned badly right he's in hospital and the mother is just crying hysterically and the reporter sticking the microphone in her face
We don't miss one here
Really sick and I'm gonna say it again
I mean it's especially for that jackass to call me a few minutes ago
Oh, we're fortunate enough to live in it. You don't know a goddamn thing about the world. Okay, you asshole
Any country that doesn't place any value on human life can never be a great country
My
Here sports radio 560
UAM guy size matters big time according to the Florida Department of Labor computer professionals
He got really big ones and of course we're talking about paychecks
According to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand
Fast-tracking up you achieve your new high-paying computer career in just four short months
Fast-range got locations all over town. So this is gonna be one nearby you
They're in Kindle Miami for Lauderdale and Pemberg Pines with day evening a weekend schedule
There's absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy dead end job making a paupery sum and working for some schmuck when you can start making big bucks
So call our friends at fast-trained right now one 866 fast-trained that's one 866 fast-trained
They got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too call fast-trained tool free and get yourself on a way to a real
Serious job with a big fat paycheck one 866 fast-trained or check them out of the web at fasttrained.com
We're sports radio 560
UAM
You'll God
It's a light. He don't love us
Not surprised that he don't
We gave him warning to dominate disarmament
I get the feeling he wants
You seem very new you seem pretending
What he is hiding a way
We're going in just to teach him a lesson
That is that crime doesn't pay
Baby show down coming in the back end
Show down who happened tonight
Show down
Show down it's alright
It's alright
It's alright
Hey and all you levels against this war like tap you can and then robber no vac
Yeah
And that is joke and Chris Matthews
Everybody who was against the war who doesn't side doesn't go step along with this administration
You liberal know in the meantime look at all the right wingers all the conservatives
Right rag head huggers exactly
Here's a great column what am I doing all this reading? I don't know why are you doing all that reading
Oh yeah Georgian Miami double stand was the Serbia
They have been through that before yeah
Ethnic cleansing being thousands and thousands of people being murdered
Right going into the right which was was that really a war on the level of what's going on today
No that way going NATO and the United Nations and everybody that we were just a part of
At any rate don't confuse oh here's one it says my condolences about your little dog tiny
My take on this or back thing it's one it's more the same go into a rack look like the hero just in tap for a election
My fear is people are really like bush with all the patriotic crap in their minds to forget how everything is tank
And such a short time after Baba has left
Another thing I remember during the end of Clinton the term gas went up and the Republicans were going nuts blaming Clinton
Now that gas is two dollars a gallon some places were the same Republicans screaming about gas prices
Well let me say it again to you sir both parties suck they both suck
We wouldn't be an amestant win today if it weren't for the fact that the Democratic Party was so weak
They're a buffer to be sure but they suck anyway here's an article of common dreams dot org rate the website
Liberal 12 reasons to oppose a war with Iraq by Russell Moe Moekeiber and Robert Weissman
You ready I'm ready 12 reasons to want to know forget sir all those liberals like pack you can and Robert Novak
And even what is there?
millions of people around the world last weekend demonstrated against war on Iraq there was no mistaking the message no war
But especially with the airwaves and op-ed pages dominated by war monitors who mock and mischaracterize the burgeoning peace movement
It remains a need to continually reiterate the common sense reasons to oppose the war here are a dozen
One Iraq is no threat to the US
With one of the weakest militaries in the region Iraq is surely no threat to the world's lone superpower
There is no evidence that has risked close to having nuclear capacity there is no evidence that it has the means to launch a chemical and biological attack against the US
If in fact it has such weaponry there's no evidence of any Iraqi connection to al-Qaeda
Two Iraq is deterrible even if it had the means to threaten the US
Iraq would be deterred by the certainty of an overwhelming military response and if it had any attack on the US
That Iraq is deterrible as shown by its decision not to use chemical or biological weapons against the US or Israel during the Gulf War
Three Iraq's only conceivable threat to the US is an event of war
Baghdad for now appears to be drawing a line short of conducting terrorist attacks with conventional or CBW against the US
Rhocii directed George Tennant in October 2002 led it to Congress
Should Sodom conclude that a US led attack could no longer be deterred he probably would become much less constrained in adopting terrorist actions
Which ties in the other story had before yes for other terrorist risk rise in event of war
A US attack and subsequent occupation of Iraq will provide new inspiration and new recruitment fodder for al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups
And will stimulate a long term increased risk of terrorism either on US soil or against US citizens overseas
Five US soldiers are vulnerable to chemical or biological attack in a war
Although there's little reason to doubt the US military will try of relatively quickly in event of a war
US soldiers face non negligible risk of casualty
House Tows fighting in Baghdad would be perilous
If Bush administration accusations that Sodom maintains a CBW capability is true and if it's claims of intelligence showing that Iraq plans to use CBW in event of war
Both are both non fabricated and accurate the US soldiers are at a major risk
Last Sunday 60 minutes report of the Army investigation show between 60 and 90% of its chemical and biological or weapon protective gear malfunction
Did 60 to 90% I thought a Pentagon spokesperson actually suggested that holes in gas mask could easily be covered by duct tape
Oh my god! There you go! Another good news! Another reason why I didn't buy duct tape! Share it with our military!
Doesn't Dick Cheney all- sorry?
Six inspections can work! Yes we never heard again from that doctor from Friday
Oh idiot! Six inspections can work!
To whatever extent Iraq maintains weapons of mass destruction it's clear that the previous inspections process succeeded in destroying the overwhelming proportion
Iraqi entrenched ins notwithstanding inspectors in our making progress despite the history of the administration
Past experience suggests the inspection process can work and finish the job
Seven common sense says error on the side of non-violence
Since Iraq poses no imminent threat to the US to any of its neighbors it makes sense to continue to give inspections a chance
Work can always be resorted to later but once the war is commenced the opportunity to achieve legitimate objectives without violence are lost
In addition to the obvious cost the use of violence tends to be getting more violence spurring a highly unpredictable cycle
Eight the doctrine of preventative wars of threat to international law and humanity
Conceiving there's no women in threat to the US the administration has sought to justify war under a doctrine of preemptive or preventative action
But if we're legitimate to start war because of what another country might do sometime in the future
Then there'd be very little legal or moral constraint on war making a proposition is dangerous and immoral
Might be that law they passed that town in Delaware remember? Yep
Whether we're resting people on suspicion of the going to commit a crime sometime in the future? Because you look like it
Right
If that were the case Carlos there he'd intend to 20 right now looks suspicious
Nine reject empire many of the leading proponents of war are motivated by desire to demonstrate US military might and
Commence an error when US military powers exercise more routinely to satisfy the whims of elite US factions
Many proponents now overtly defend US the idea of US imperialism just to put on the grounds that the United States apparently unique among all
Previous aspirants to imperial authority is motivated by promotion of democracy and human rights
But all empires have propered such self-serving rationalizations to legitimize narrow self-interest
The present case is no different imperialism is fundamentally in from incompatible with democracy
Ten revenge is not a legitimate motive for war there seems little doubt that part of the Bush administration motivation for war
Is a desire to get Sodom since he refused to go away after the Gulf War and allegedly targeted the president's father
Sodom is an awful and brutal dictator and an assassination attempt if there was one is a heinous act but revenge should not be the basis for war
Eleven there are better solutions to our energy problems
It overstates the case to say a war with Iraq would be a war for oil
There are too many other contributing factors for the rest of war
At the same time it is it is not credible to claim designs that Iraqi oil are not part of the calculus
And it's hard to see the United States carrying much about Iraq if the country did not sit in the world's second largest oil reserves
But it's past time for the west and the rest of the world who will be on oil and carbon-based sources of energy
Existing efficiency technologies and renewable energy sources have deployed could dramatically reduce reliance on conventional energy sources
And modest investments and renewables could soon move us away from an oil-based economy
Hush air mount
Twelve, thank you for this and the last one
Iraqi lives are at stake
Unless the war brings immediate abdication by Sodom military action is assured across massive casualties among Iraqi conscripts and especially
Among Iraqi civilians, solidarity with Iraqi people not their brutal government but the people requires opposition to war almost certain to cause them in war as an enormous suffering
That's it and thank God
My and local citizens for trade-ealth by city
Way to way
Dine on the hand
Yes
Yes, you should have known by now we got this color of the tell us when it threatens me
This kill the kind of person who believes that we got hit once and next one will be more severe
But I guess you must be dumb when you say that this is the system where really needs to be refined
I told you green means alright and orange means of time that you say what is one color blind on the acid?
Where is red big red?
Baby a bunch too
Yes you are, where is red big red?
You need to get a clue, you speak it all
Oh here's a little history last we see this from very much ever read yet but just a first sentence
The greatest risk we face is not from Sodom who say in Iraq or from King John E.O. of North Korea
By the way is King John E.O. he be ill and because I am I got the little cold but the last thing I read man just not how could you let me reach out so I don't know what stop doing that
It's not from terrorism per se from beginning of time the world has always been a violent place with wars and terrorism as a chronic condition of humanity
The reason why America faces terrorism for the first time in our history comes from it is for the first time in our history
What about Timmy Kvei?
I'm sorry
It comes from the fact that our government has been influenced by a foreign power intent on embrining us and foreign conflicts
Who is this foreign power?
Everyone knows the identity of this foreign power but none dare say it
However your former esteemed and courageous colleague the honorable senator William Fulbright identified the danger of the TV program meet the press
In the facts
He could be talking about Israel but he...
Oh oh
He doesn't say I say
I thought it was Serbia
As far as I'm concerned you know my feeling about Israel and the Palestinians you know screw them all
What is my feeling?
The idea that the rest of the human race has to be held in limbo that all of our lives have to be in danger because of this
Sentries old, thousands and thousands of years old the history of between the Arabs and the Jews not acceptable
You know they want to kill each other have a good time don't drag us in and if the Arabs didn't have all this oil you know something
That would be the philosophy of just about everybody
And all you sign this stuff there if you don't like the answer too bad because I'm nauseated with Israel's heroine and he's got them illegal settlements
When the hell does it end already?
What do they stop giving the Palestinian suicide bombers and excuse to do it?
Out of the one court he's worse than Jacques Crite's channel
He's consistently talks out of the same corner of his mouth in frog you know
Where's your own talks out of both corners?
Out of one quarter he's talking peace and not the other hand to keep expanding the settlements
But nevertheless what's the use?
There is a self-fulfilling property that's never ever going to end. Did I say that years ago?
Yeah, it's never going to end
Because you're dealing with religious fanatics
I mean you know Israeli Arab peace is an Aussie product and it just ain't going to happen
And this is what nobody wants to talk about
Once in a great while somebody will bring it up about nobody in the mainstream media dares talk about religious extremism, fundamentalist lunacy
That's what the problem is in the world right there
Why do you think Turkey's so psychotic about the Kurds?
They're afraid they might be eating their Kurds and weighing on their territory
They're afraid of that they don't want a separate Kurdish country there
Right, it's to mess up all their plans because they're not cases too the Kurds exactly
And then you got the Shiites and you got the uh you know they're all full of Shiites for as I'm concerned
It's just a bunch of religious crazy people like I said before to see so many people die because arguments over headgear you know
It's really pathetic
The big cloth or the little cloth?
I mean which beanie should we have?
Which beanie do we have to have the one to poke in the cardinals where?
Do we have to have the beanie on like the St. Louis cardinals like a baseball cap?
Which beanie we supposed to put on so we can respect whichever crazy god you want to respect this week
I kind of like the fur hockey puck myself
I wish we had a place
I guess we do what's called Holland too bad there's such a bunch of primitive bastards over there you know
No seriously, it's a wonderful enlightened country as far as the government
But the fact is that for whatever reason the people there to go back and answer again why I'm fed up with Amsterdam with Holland
They've chosen to continue living in the Stone Age and it's just not a comfortable place to live
It's very refreshing when you escape the repression of the United States to go there and see what real living and breathing people think
And how they live and the freedom that exists and the not judgemental approach to life that's marvelous
But the idea that you know like running water is almost a revolutionary concept and that may be a little extreme
But there's no need for that but they like it and you can't go to another country and say
Well gee, it's really great. I love all the freedoms and all the open mind of this in the Bohemian atmosphere
But can't you just live this way and I'm gonna say get out of here asshole. How do you not gonna do that?
Huh? How do you say that in Dutch?
In Duich? Yeah, how do you say Bafengula?
In Duich. See that's one problem with a Dutch.
I left one letter out but they're not fooling me you know the old Dutchman. Yeah.
So I'm concerned about your voice. So Cindy said sorry to hear about time. Thank you Cindy and also William. Thank you.
You're too late. I had to put Heidi to sleep yesterday was 14 years in a couple months old.
With the end his liver gave out and that was the end of it. How about you pardon?
But you're doing a show my voice a lot. I know when you were reading and then pop it off and he's got me doing live spots here this freaking carlos here.
I began to wonder ericates him like poison is a problem maker. Slave driver. I dream near run out of voice on that last day.
I just I just sweeped in a propel in there. In fact I'd rather croak than read another bedtime story.
I should have put that on the pool for me today. So I have a choice. I think you should bail up to the segment.
What? I think you should bail out. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're doing anywhere.
I'm scared that if you blow your voice out. I'll sit here and you take the calls and I'll sit here. I gotta do that spot anyway.
I know. I don't feel bad. I just I just have a throat.
I just don't want you to strain something there to strain it because then you'll be out all day tomorrow and that would be bad.
All right. That's something to think about. Oh don't do it.
Well the problem is I ran out of what you call it. What do you call it? Oh, Ricola. Ricola. I only had one thing left. One packed amit. Those were magical.
And I sucked them all down and they've good or gone. Not too many of those aren't good for anyway. Although I noticed that they don't really have much effect on my blood sugar.
I just mentioned that for you diabetics. That's not bad for your people that are sick and tired of taking that stuff that's got sort of not.
Not everybody is allergic to cervical. If you have irritable bowel, though, if you have that nothing, then you probably I think I've built up an immunity over the years with these cough crops.
Not me. I eat about three or four of those halls. I'm into with the sugar free and I'm like squirting all over the place.
Anyway, go ahead and take some calls and I'll sit here and dummy up and I'm always back. Miami late hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. He's there.
Oh, how you doing? I'm sorry about your dog. Thank you. Listen, Neil, I know your show is entertainment and I know that's when it's all about.
But I just wanted to say I'm so glad that you're finally taken on the madman in the White House.
What do you mean finally? Well, this guy is crazy. He's been saying that since day one since he before even got in there.
That's right. So it's speak up for me. That's right. This guy is talking about they're actually talking about tactical nuclear weapons.
Right. Right. That's right. This is insanity.
Yeah. And if you just figure that out, if you listen to the state of the Union address, it's not just Iraq.
No, no. From that manifesto, we're going to go after everybody that we don't want.
All the evil doers, man, right? One by one, we're going to wipe them out and take whatever assets that oil, whatever else they got.
And the most dangerous thing is that these supernaturalists, it's just a matter of time before they start arresting people who disagree with them.
That's better than being a supernaturalist. Well, I'll tell you right now they sure work heavy to try to get this year off the year a couple of months back.
They're very, very dangerous. And then people are sitting back and they're just watching this alcoholic go bananas and they're just shouting USA, USA, USA.
You know, somebody has to take the time. But don't forget he's only the face man. He's just, he's just the PR guy for Cheney and Wolfowitz and all the Richard Purole and Libby and all these other people.
They're the ones calling all the shots. The chicken hawks. The one that I think is really calling the shots is his father.
He has a lot more power than people are seeing. He's boom.
You know, daddy didn't act this way when he was in office. Yeah, that's true. In fact, daddy, daddy kept his honor. He resisted.
Well, but at least his daddy lined up the world to back us. This guy is absolutely.
Yeah, keep in mind he lined up the world because because number one Sodom had just invaded Kuwait and number two the rest of the Arab world was peeing their pants.
They were crappin' all over their, their, their nightcowns because they were afraid that they were going to be next, including the Saudis number one.
Right, but this guy, he's the French. I know you're not big on the French, but the French are our friends. The French are the ones that helped this country become free.
Now, but you don't understand sir. The only people are our friends are people who agree with us. I mean, but that kind of mentality, you know, it's, it's a nightmare.
And the fact that people are so stupid, so many millions stupid not to see how ugly that argument is and how painting the other political party is being unpaid throughout it because they don't go step along is a very scary thing.
I thought that we elected or somebody stole or whatever we have a president of all the people, not just over whoever agrees with him.
Right, but that's not the way he's looking at it. If you don't agree with him 100%. This guy is going to take reprimals to the party.
Today, they said they told the French that unless they vote with us, their assures are going to be considered very unfriendly.
That's right. If the French don't agree with us, McDonald's is also going to start selling those freedom fries in Burger King too.
Well, you know, the world needs more people, you know, like you, especially in this country, who can, you know, really give the views of most of the people in the United States.
The United, the people in the United States don't want to go to war with anybody. They're ways to handle this situation.
Well, I got this for a certain, the people up here sure as hell don't want any part of it overwhelming.
And if you go to the rest of the world, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, even England.
No, yeah, it's interesting that Spain, you know, we've got that pimple over here now as good buddy, Anzare, but the 85% of the people in Spain don't want any part of this war and also the same in Italy.
And of course, his buddy in Italy, Burlaskoni, is the biggest crook on the face of the year. It makes Saadam look like a piker.
Yeah, but this is madness and I'm just so glad that you're taking the time to point out the people, the craziness that we're under.
And, you know, this is the year 2003. We don't want to make the same mistakes that were made in 1903 in the first world war.
Would you start this century with death all over again for crying out loud?
Yeah, well, we'd sure don't want to make the same mistake we made in Vietnam. We don't need another 58,000 young Americans coming home in body bags. Have a great day pal.
Well, take it easy man. Thanks.
So you got to need that to lean. Have you got any more of that tea?
You must be psychic during a break. I have a whole crap load of it.
All right.
I'm going to go in there and make a bunch of tea.
My tea, tot, tea.
I'm okay. Just that you're strained when you start reading a bunch of long stuff.
Don't read anything else except for this spot that's coming up.
Oh, I see, except this.
Well, I'm glad to do this fine. In fact, you know something.
Out of every dark cloud, I can always find a little silver lining.
Yeah. And now that I'm going to be calling dry concepts for the last time in a long time, I've been using my house for over 20 years.
And, of course, my dogs were like 13 and 14 when they went to doggy heaven.
So that means for most of those time, I had one and usually two dogs in the house and believed me, especially the one that just departed yesterday.
Left a lot to remember him by, but unfortunately for him, I'm going to have to make those things go away.
And dry concepts will do it even the nastiest looking carpeting in the world they can make look just like brand new.
That's why I use them. That's why my relatives use them. My friends use them. My enemies.
Anybody with a brain uses dry concepts.
Because they'll make your carpets look just like brand new. They're drying a couple of hours. They smell lemony fresh.
Those expensive area rugs you've got. They'll be soil-free, vibrant, and color and softer that touch as well.
So whether it's your carpeting, your pulsary leather furniture, it's time for dry concepts. Don't forget to give your written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the work.
If you have problems with pet orders or milled the voters caused by water damage, they'll wave their little magic wand. They'll make it all of that go away.
Just like it is, just like magic.
Call them toll-free from anywhere. 1-800-248-5071. They are amazing. The fantastic job they do for you. 1-800-248-5071.
You can log onto their website if you're lucky to see about the great work they do for you.
Dry Concepts.com. Dry Concepts. With them, don't forget you can clean today and entertain tonight.
My life and love. This is 420560.
You ain't who I am.
W2AM. Pressbox.
Onwards. Radio. My 60WQ.
They just increased us to higher alert status. Hope no one blows up my brand new Dodge-Dratus.
I bid a Rex's they gave us the news. Popping value with a big glass of booze.
I keep a gas mask in my gloves compartment. I call Remax for a bomb-proof apartment. Reinforce my front door with sender blocks.
Wonder if that will keep up with small pots.
Checking my mail for the deadly wipe powder. Stocking my covers with Campbell's Clam Shouter.
Living on orchalers, you're ain't no fun. I think the terror is already one. I can't take it. I won't make it. If it goes to red.
I'll pull my covers off over my head and just stay in bed.
Can't stand.
I'm 47. And guess what I'm doing right now? Talking?
Drink and tea. While I'm talking, I'm mixing my tea bag and my Splenda into my cup here.
You're pouring your bag into your cup.
I took my cup of water and got it boiling. During that break I was able to do that.
I'm now steaming hot.
How much too hot of course to drink?
Did you ever see the thing about boiling water into my microwave?
There's a thing. How dangerous it is.
No really. See you're going to learn something again on the show of night even in the new year.
I know about eggs. I never knew about this before either.
But if you like boil like I just did a cup of water.
Okay. And take it out and put it down on the counter.
That thing can like just blow right up in your face.
Get out. It can. They they showed the demonstration of it.
Must be when the water gets boiling to two or whatever the temperature is and gets.
Yeah, you can actually like explode it in the air and like scald you and blind you and all that.
I just mentioned that in passing. You don't have to listen to me or believe me but I seen it.
Huh.
I don't believe it.
There wasn't Mr. Wizard. They've done it either.
He was fun. Mr. Wizard.
No, I told clips of that and that.
Oh, you did not. You did not.
What? Tell Mr. Wizard was.
What? Tell Mr. Wizard.
What? Tell Mr. Wizard.
You thought it was me depressed.
Didn't he have to me?
That was a Nickelodeon man. That was one of my favorite shows.
When you start speaking English for Christ's sake, everybody in town is talking about you.
Nickelodeon. You talk about such a beener man.
You did already.
And he was born here. Doesn't he?
I'm a refugee. He was born like a Cuban spiky. He talks like a beener.
That's why Boca Brian made him sound like that.
Yeah, George, he's been Spanish. I mean, come on.
Yeah, I see.
See, now how come right now you sounded like perfect English there?
See, he just affects that. He's trying to pander the beener audience.
He was making a conscious effort.
The beener audience is busy picking grapes and lettuce down here in the sweet water.
Okay, where are we going to lay?
They're done with the red ones picking the red ones in homestead.
Yeah, picking their nose as a labor camp.
Or maybe there's some people in homestead just picking up drugs.
They are.
Okay, how's the poll coming?
I rather croak. This is going to be a regular feature on our polls.
I'd rather croak. See, that's the easy part, the title of the poll.
The more difficult part is put another stuff in there, plug in stuff in that's interesting.
I'd rather croak than vote for George W. 211.
I'd rather croak than vote for Hillary 97.
Then by a Michael Jackson CD 56, then listen to Mo. Howard David had 47.
Well, he has slip. You remember once upon a time, anything just his name.
We could do a poll no matter what you put on there.
He would be the winner.
I have slipped.
Small potatoes now, baby. They just don't even care about you anymore.
It's one thing to be hated.
Another thing to do is for them to be indifferent.
20 say they'd rather croak than watch another like Tyson fight.
And 12 rather croak than drive a mouse thing.
A little boy's car.
I don't have one for free.
Oh, this George and Miami, yeah, when you go away, please, and don't fax me anymore of his crap.
Okay, talk about chronic.
Didn't want to give me around to his way of thinking he's going to keep, well, what about the like he's doing a debate on the fax machine?
Go get a life asshole. Go pick some beans.
At least he's out there.
Yeah, he's out there. All right, we're out there.
Jane says the idiots are goose stepping along.
That guy just down was good. The one before him was a moron.
Sorry about your dog.
Iran is suing the US and the world court for selling chemical weapons to Iraq.
Wonder for M. Stroll will be tried as a war criminal.
Good point, Jane. Good point.
They have weapons of mass destruction and they get in digivin' their proo.
And of course, well, we sold him to him.
Don't confuse us with the facts. Okay, they're dangerous. They're evil doers.
They're gas, they're own people.
Yeah, but we went and shook their hands after they did that.
Yeah, but see again, don't confuse us. You Kami Pico liberal bastard. You.
Thank you. Right. That too.
By the way, did you read that the book yet?
What about the fags?
No, not about the fags by the fag.
Oh, that book. No.
That's a great book. I'm going to write a website by the war and your copy.
I think I read your loan, my copy.
Oh, well.
Blinded by the right by David Brock.
And then equally important to read what liberal media?
The truth about bias in the news by Eric Alterman.
Both available at five books. There's a viewer, Amazon.com, etc.
Maybe something you'll read it to. Maybe I'll go get the clips notes
and then have somebody read that to me.
Oh, this is too hot to read. You know, careful.
It is good. Have it explode on you.
Thank you so much. All you can say all day is.
All day. All day.
All day. All day. All day.
Oh, so that's a tea bag. All day.
Yeah, that's because I grabbed somebody's tea bag.
And now I'm going. All day. All day.
Anyway, anyway, you were saying you were on a roll there with one good call.
Oh, absolutely. Here's a lady. Hello.
I would like to come back tomorrow.
Hello. Hello. Hi. Neil.
He's this, sir. Yeah. Hi. Hi, George.
Neil, I love your show. George, you do a great job too when you're helping out like this.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Enough of this. Enough of this smoothing.
Neil, you know, you were talking about people dying for Jesus.
All of pick one, you know. Yeah.
And now it looks like it's going to be for Exxon, Texaco, and, you know,
like they were telling how we're deal. Yeah.
It's all about the oil. Man, what's pushing his family's fortune is in oil.
And they're gouging us right now at the gas pumps.
And they're going to keep on gouging this until they get to where they say,
hey, public in favor of us doing this in a lower to gas prices.
Everybody's got their thing. Kennedy was the, Joe Kennedy was the booze, you know, at the booze.
Yeah. But I mean, it's just, it's, it's, they build this up like it's some big deal.
And they're keeping picking our pocket every day.
And it's, but his buddies are getting rich right now. That's right.
On gouging us. And I mean, it's been how come, how come he isn't held accountable for anything?
I have no, how long will the mass media continue being made?
Because the oil is on up like you out there voicing your opinion on the airways.
It's all the rushed limboz and all those schmitz that get all the assholes.
Right. And get the billboards and stuff. And you're a voice in the wilderness,
but I'm your listening man. Thanks for your visit.
And sorry about your dog. Thanks. You take care, man.
Thank you, see. But why would the mass media say anything about them?
They're owned by the mass media and vice versa. They're one and the same.
I beg your pardon. All the right wing big business giant conglomerates.
They own all the media. But it isn't only right wing.
It's all the media. They're intimidated.
Just like the thing with religions. The same thing.
They want to make sure that they adopt only politically correct positions.
They don't want to rock the vote too far. And as a result, they see what we got.
Pav them. And so once in a while, you get a show like on a front line,
which is on public. And now you understand why the right wingers wanted to get rid of public television.
They wanted to cut off the funding. Sure.
Because it's a bunch of liberals out there. A bunch of intellectual liberals.
We were terrified of them because they're going to go on air and tell you the truth.
Because they don't have to worry about, you know, whether McDonald's buy spots on the network or not.
Even though they do, they do have to sell spots now to stay alive.
Absolutely. But for a long time, they didn't have any spots on PBS.
No, they have. They also don't have any viewers. That's beside the viewers like you.
Well, I hate when they do that bigathon thing. I just don't need to do that to survive, but I hate it.
Although at least sometimes they put something good under the bag of times.
Yeah, but by the time you see the good thing is I know,
they've given you the distraction with the shameless begging.
And if you only donate $50,000, we'll give you a whole bunch of crap and we'll send you a bunch of garbage.
And, you know, there's a bunch of free TV. You have to put up with commercial.
Or you have to pay for cable or you have to endure a bag of time.
Let me tell you the answer.
Okay. All right. The answer is pay TV for everything.
All right.
All right.
And then you want to watch a ball game, for example.
A specific telecast. If you want to watch the penguins and the flyers,
and you want to hear Mike Lang do the game from Pittsburgh, Fox Pit,
you pay like 50 cents.
Right. How about coin operated TVs like they have at the bottom?
If you want to see a movie, you pay 50 cents or a buck.
I have to stop watching TV.
Good. Look what wonders it'll do for the sluppers of America.
Be it tremendous.
You can stand over at a circuit city or somewhere.
See if you can stand outside the window and look in.
You just have to scream at the guy with her remote control.
Right. You can pretend to be buying her.
Turn a channel you asshole.
After the second or third day, they might kick me out.
I want to see reruns of kick posse USA.
Oh, you know, you're right. The TV really did wonders for me.
I wish I would have thought about this. I wish you would have suggested much more.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You hear how much better I sound now?
Absolutely. Like the TV is sensational.
Clear the word TV, baby.
Or some asshole say, curb T.
Who?
Herb.
Have you ever heard people talk about herb?
Yeah. Yeah.
Why isn't herb? There's so many more odds.
Somebody's going to call in and say, you know, you're right.
It can be pronounced either either way.
Or you know what? Take the herbs and stick them up your ass.
I look all this. This is five sixty.
The radio's all yours.
You and...
Things that Chinese buffets are popping up all over the place.
You don't want to know why?
Because ammo coach was so successful, there were a lot of imitators out there
who think that they can make a fortune too.
Putting up some facade, putting up a song in the dance, and saying, hey, we're great.
Well, guess what? The other ones are not so great.
I've seen your selection and believe me.
Not even close.
ammo coach gives you a sea of fresh, delicious, incredible food.
Not just oriental food, but they got dozens and dozens of mouthwatering on trace of all kinds.
See, it's all mouthwatering. I can't even say it.
They're growing my center with sensationalism, sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki, steak, chicken, shrimp, seafood, a hand-car primer.
Cook to your order. You get it just the way you like it in the food too.
The ammo coach buffets also got a full salad bar, sushi, and fresh room cocktail.
But you must leave room for dessert if you can.
They got pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, and fresh food as well.
A perfect ending to an amazing, not just a meal, but a pick out.
And the good news is for you now, there are three locations of the astonishingly breathtaking Admiral Coast.
You'll find them in sunrise, pine island, and 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd, north Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Road and prestigious Pembroke Pines.
Admiral Coast accept reservations, take out the living available as well.
Call 954-572-3822 for the one and only the best in the universe, Admiral Coast Chinese buffet.
My life and love, this is Fort Radio 560.
The Eurasian Way.
Oh, this is Pope John Paul Lind.
And if he asks me, the only thing more fun than playing Grabass with a Swiss guide is the Neil Rogers 12-1 Hour.
Oh!
This ain't a song about a happy couple.
Since we got married, my wife's wait double.
Died as I can see, and she's got a bit just burst of it so that the panic covers her voice.
It's my wife.
I know she's back cause.
She got more chance than China does.
Yes, she sits on me, I won't survive.
It's my wife, when she sits around her house.
She really sits on ground on how she'll see.
If she sits on me, I won't survive.
It's my wife.
Yeah, I'm in the past new and George Gerard Regus show for Neil.
Hi there.
Warren and Bocca says we already have casualties.
Four servicemen killed early a day in a crash of a Black Hawk helicopter in Kuwait.
How about the ones that Warren who died in Afghanistan after we stopped the bombing?
And we still have all kinds of episodes because they still be ensniped all over the country over there.
We're done, right?
We don't want to go here.
We're done.
Remember all the talk about what I kind of walked out of here again like we did the first time.
Mission accomplished, right?
Right.
Sure.
Anyway, you were saying nothing.
I just thought that everything was done before you start another war.
You make sure that the previous one is completed.
No, so that you can shift troops from one place to another without overextending yourself.
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and date and Broward lots of open lines all of a sudden for some reason.
Found 5 60s they heard you were on 18 to wireless on well, what can I do?
877 7 856 345 is the toll free everywhere else line like the lady in Pompo-no Beach is using right now.
Hello, lady in Pompo-no Beach.
Good morning.
Well, I should say good afternoon.
Good evening.
I would like to know if Neil could do his bit on Bridge Tenders.
Hey, Neil, could you do your bid on Bridge Tenders?
No.
No, he says no.
I'm a Bridge Tender and everybody's been saying Neil's got the greatest thing on Bridge Tender.
Have you ever heard it?
No, I've never heard it.
Everybody else has heard it and I've never heard it.
Okay, it's coming up in a few minutes.
Excellent.
Thanks a lot.
You're welcome.
Great day.
We'll make an exception for her case.
Wow, a real Bridge Tender.
I don't think we have ever actually spoken to a Bridge Tender, have we?
I love that spot that Hank does for North Bay Village.
Yeah.
You heard before?
Yeah.
He talks about some of his favorite days with the days he spent.
Now, of course, he doesn't mention WIOD because that's no.
That would not be a good idea.
Yeah, plus you got Candor by Boy Geary.
You screwed him over.
But I don't think that he really did have all those injuries.
Well, of course, he's probably talking about Way Back When.
Although, I don't think he worked there Way Back When when Larry King was there.
He was just on the spotty.
I don't know.
He was doing the Dolphins Games.
One did he come on there.
That's a good question.
It is a good question.
Ken Maldon would know.
We'll ask him.
I can't work with Ken at GPS, right?
And then he was worked for Beaver Silverstein, the advertising agent.
And was he there before you went to IOD?
No.
Okay.
No, because Rick Weaver was still there, right?
And Sonny, right?
And then they brought in Hank to do the nighttime.
Don't you remember that?
But was he already doing the game for the day?
What was on at night when I first went to IOD?
That's a good question.
What the hell?
I think he barked for a problem.
But that wasn't what was on when you first went to.
Boy, they sure had a lot of problems putting something on at night.
I don't know if he was on at night.
Oh, Stan!
Stan!
How can you forget it with Stan?
No.
Yeah?
You're off your rocker.
I was doing part-time, and I had to board off that show with Stan.
Stan Major?
Stan Freakin' Major.
No.
We doing nights at IOD?
We doing nights at IOD.
I board off it.
It's not some drug-induced haze I'm going through.
You're crazy.
I don't know if that was before or after Dick, but never the last.
After you're Dick?
He was on there right after sports talk.
I shot you not.
You've got your, I mean, too much bad weed is bad.
Somebody who's living from it.
Hey, I'm telling you.
Oh, I dick a lot.
Get out of here, Goldie.
I don't, I don't recall.
The only time I remember him being there, he did some fillings.
Maybe that's what you're talking about.
I got him maybe out of the hole he was dealing with.
And then when Mr. Ego, right, went off to New York for his very short-lived experiment at WABC for about five minutes.
Before they got on it, it was phony contrived act and kicked his ass out.
So then they put him on in the afternoon very briefly.
Well, what's kind of candy bar?
What's your favorite candy bar?
And then the thing about the watch.
What kind of watch you then?
Milky Way Dark.
You get off your Duff and Call.
You know, you couldn't buy a call, of course.
Yeah, that was fun too, those evening shows.
And it's all your fault, by the way.
I never really bitched you out in person for all the crank calls that I had to endure as the board off for the Dick Farrell show.
The Dickie Farrell show.
All the veggies zombies that, you know, all of the, the, the Nielies would call and just, just,
just, mirrored that show incessantly, making my life a nightmare.
So thanks a lot.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
And now you know where he is, he's on WPBR in Palm Beach.
You're trying to, um, with five lots.
Is he still trying to sell that hair stuff that you put on your scalp to make your hair grow?
I don't know.
With that really crazy red-haired bitch.
I don't know, but if it doesn't work, Mr. Ego's got about 75 different body part improvement things for you.
Here's plantation, hello.
Hey, what's up, Niel?
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hey, did you hear the news about John Ashcroff?
He says they're going after all the paraphernalia.
He's, they're closing down now.
Yeah, we had that on before.
This sounds like the guy with the eye.
It's true, it's a good boy.
My finger was twitching.
Yeah, that's the guy with the eye.
Definitely.
Miami B.
We had the story on before.
Hello.
Miami Beach, yes.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey.
Hey, let me ask, let me ask Niel a question.
Go ahead.
I'm going to probably disagree.
You're probably hanging up on me, but that's what we left the best.
I'll come, like a few, you know, a couple of years ago, you were like, you couldn't stand that I was saying, but not like you're his number one fan.
I'm his number one fan.
Yeah, you're right.
You're right.
And by the way, since you're so gong-ho about going in and getting the Sodom, and he's a brutal dictator, yeah.
Why don't we go get Phinell first? He's a lot closer.
By the way, I mentioned this once before I think during the, well, we talked about that.
Nobody talked about that.
I'm trying to practicing democracy.
I must that story.
I sleep through it.
Well, shut up.
Oh.
We brought that thing up about it.
I'm just going to have one of my Tiananmen squires with my hand.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The Castro thing.
Nobody wants to talk about that.
He had nukes there.
Did we have you inspectors?
Do we have you inspectors now?
Making sure that he doesn't hide any?
How do we know that all those nukes were sent back to Russia?
Do we?
Did we have any of you debating?
Oh, I'm sorry.
A silly clown like that who's holding the baiting her.
Who's your clown?
I'm addressing the point.
He doesn't even exist.
He doesn't even exist.
I know.
And he's got no Earl.
Port Lauderdale.
I'm talking about the car.
Oh, yeah.
Hello.
I was talking about your comments.
Yeah.
Port Lauderdale.
You yourself.
Uh-huh.
Pop one.
Yeah.
Do you believe everything you're working on?
Oh, gee.
There's two in a row.
Two in a row, baby.
Oh, oh.
Last year in a whole day.
Vermont.
670560, pound 560 on a 18T line.
This is pathetic.
This is Vermont.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Morning.
Afternoon.
Yep.
Hey, tell me.
Mostly people in America don't seem to have the ability.
And I'm mostly surprised with George Bush being from Yale and all.
Oh, yeah.
He was a real rocket scientist there.
Apparently he didn't take a history lessons.
The ship's been going on all throughout American history.
Yeah.
Well, at Native Americans, Mexican Spanish, Philippines,
you mentioned Vietnam, I mean, come on.
And now we've got this clown getting into office thing.
He doesn't even harken back to that.
You know, if America's successful, great.
But say it's that the reason.
Don't say we're going to war because I want to revenge my daddy.
They try to kill him.
Yeah.
Now we want to free...
Well, let's see.
Is it the weapons of mass destruction?
He's dangerous.
Or is it we want regime change?
So the Iraqi people, the courageous Iraqi people,
can really have freedom.
Yeah.
Which one is it that they're peddling this week?
Well, I'll tell you what.
About two weeks ago, I had dinner with the XCEO of the Penzole Corporation.
The Sunilac Center.
Yeah.
And he told me, and he's been laid off because they merged with Shell.
Thanks to, you know, it takes that...
Guarantee $30 million for the next ten years.
Great.
Yeah.
He told me square to the push.
Look.
Everyone that works for Bush, everyone in that administration,
is an oil crony of his daddy.
Right.
And there's no...
There's no...
That's exactly what it's about.
It's like Condoleezza, her background, was with the Chevron Corporation.
Every single one of those people is an oil person.
And that's where their interests are.
Industrialized corporate America.
Like Eisenhower said, beware the military industrial establishments here.
Don't ever forget it.
Oh, it's scary.
Did you happen to see the interview with...
What does it mean?
Pete Howard's in.
Little while ago.
Probably last week.
Howard's in talking about what to teach America's kids about history.
And then they put some scrooge from Harvard on there as well.
Oh, it's scary.
Scary.
These new initiatives, Bush is starting.
Forget about Saddam Hussein.
Forget about Iran, Iraq.
He's talking about teaching our kids possible...
The things going wrong in America are not really going wrong.
That the American leaders are right.
They're justified in their actions.
Well, reach your hip boots on, man.
Sounds like a good time to start practicing.
Here's my own kids.
Look back at this mark.
Look back at the German history.
Okay, look back at the clock and see it's time to go.
Have a great day.
Get me depressed.
And we don't have a single call on the board now.
There's a market for this deal.
Yeah, there is not a market for a squad.
Okay.
The thing I talked about in Vietnam.
That should have right there from that moment forward.
These phones should have been smoking off the hook.
But you know something?
That old crap about while people don't learn from history or doomed to repeat it.
Nobody learns from history.
It's just a selling, fulfilling prophecy.
It's like a strong chasing its tail.
Keeps going around.
And I almost make you want to play Prairie Como and Round and Round, you know?
Almost.
We could.
But we won't.
Like Roby said, we're doomed.
I'd rather croak than vote for George W. Bush.
244 people said that are 503.
Almost 50%, 40 and a half percent.
Hmm.
Vote for Hillary.
108 people said they'd rather croak than vote for that bitch.
58 people said they'd rather croak than Bicycle Jackson CD.
55 rather croak than listen to Mojawi David.
What?
That was powerful.
You know what?
That was like from the nether regions from your voice.
That was from way down in my rectum.
That was good.
In fact, if that were to come out the other end, it might have been really dangerous.
Phone rattling.
Rather croak than listen to Mojawi David in 55.
Then watch another My Tyson 522 and rather croak than drive a Mustang 16.
People with good taste.
We don't want to be driving a little pansy car like a freaking Mustang.
And speaking of driving again, here it is on the very ultra right wing New York Post on Rupert Murdoch's favorite.
The price of our going to gasoline in New York has topped a $2 gallon mark.
And the faithful uptake to 204 is only a harbinger of the brutal nationwide price spike
that industry experts expect just to be getting.
2.14 for premium by the way.
Good thing I drive a hundred percent.
100 percent.
I said it's a good thing I drive an economy car.
We think we're going to break the record of an average price pump of 171 a gallon set in mid-May.
It said Dave Pastello, a federal energy administration information analyst.
In the big Apple where gas prices are almost higher than the rest of the nation,
drivers may spend the summer looking back at the current $2 price tag with bitter longing.
If we go to war against the racquet, it will be a close of the summer driving season.
Gas stations all around the city can hit that figure and go beyond.
Said Robert Sinthair Jr. spoke to him for the automobile club of New York.
And there you go.
But don't hold anybody accountable for this and don't anybody explain it to us even though we don't have any shortage of oil at the moment.
At the moment, but they're anticipating.
You know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
It's like if the citrus farmers anticipate that next winter, right?
We might have a bad freeze.
Next winter, you know like December January.
Mm-hmm.
And so I anticipated that it starts costing like $2 at orange.
Gotta start storing those nuts up.
Exactly. You gotta look ahead, baby.
I'm out of people trying to say diets over and over again.
And what I found is a lot of times something will work for you once and your brain kinda outsmarts itself.
You're right.
And you can never go back and do it again.
If you haven't tried balance for life, you have nothing to lose but all of that weight.
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, just great results.
Like the beast is getting us lost over 50 pounds.
I guarantee we've saved that punk's life.
And once his head starts drinking normal size, you know we're really doing a good job for him.
They deliver your little black sack to your door by 6 a.m.
No matter where you are every morning, whether you're at work, whether you're at home, whether you're at the massage parlor, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are right in your black sack.
It's all prepared for you.
It's all fresh and delicious.
There are chicken dishes and beef and turkey, all kinds of good stuff, omelettes and frittadas and you name it.
Nothing prefabricated, nothing frozen.
And they let you pick between two choices for each one of the meals every day that you're in a program.
That's the only choice you'll have to make.
They do all the figuring for you based on the zone diet.
So like I said, the food for the entire day is a new, you don't have to worry about buying anything else.
And the weight just pours off your body.
So that balance for life helps you lose the weight, the real delicious way.
Call 954-568-3229, they'll give you all the details.
954-568-3229 or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com.
In no time at all, you can look better than the lovely beast.
My life and love.
This is 430-560-1-E-Way-Hoo-A-M.
So what was going on in the last break?
Did I lose the audio vault kind of did a mini crash?
Really?
Because I got up to take the MIT cup back in the room because I finished my tea.
And I like all of a sudden turned around and then I thought that woman wanted to hear the bridge telling her.
Yes, yes, sir.
Yes.
I wanted to talk to you about who's the biggest, about one?
About one?
Biggest cars and boats.
Now we're talking about bridges over the causeway, not the ones in your mouth.
I don't have any of my friends.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Time down, sir.
Take a deep breath.
But if I regulate the body in the 90s and more than you knew, you knew that didn't you?
No.
Well, it is.
All bridges over navigable waterway.
If I knew that, I wouldn't have been asking, sir.
But that?
I said if I knew the answer to the question, I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay.
Well, all I'm saying, sir, is that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways?
Over one?
Navigable waterways.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Okay.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic.
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the time.
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's that rush hour times, sir, that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slip with a boat can come along and back up traffic for too much?
That is absolutely correct, sir.
Well, what kind of a common as much a craft as that?
That is not a common as much a craft as that.
Sounds like some kind of re-entry thought, that's just Tommy Pico...
There's a five-pericent name.
There's a five-pericent name.
Right, exactly.
And a boat is going to stop for five thousand cars?
Is that it?
No, I think that fifty thousand cars ought to stop for one jack as in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know your law, sir, because you sure don't.
That's right.
I suppose you want the van brigget closed to both traffic and the hurricane too.
I want the bridges closed period, okay?
I want them closed.
I want the bridge tent to go home and watch your MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
I want those bridges closed.
Let them use the junior tunnel, okay?
Let them use the MacArthur Coswell.
I think they ought to go out of the George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenters.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic.
You're being very difficult with me this morning.
Absolutely correct, sir.
And it could go on and on.
What?
Why not?
Funny past noon, I'm glad I remembered that.
In spite of that start that I took like I almost did this right.
It's in the middle of the room when I heard that pause.
I thought, what the hell is that?
That little speak to him now.
Carls.
He was, he had to play a different break and switch the breaks because that one crapped out.
I'll be damned.
Here's Westchester.
Hello.
What are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I'm sorry to hear about your dog.
Thank you.
Have you ever checked out that pen and teller show?
I'm showtime.
No, but somebody faxed me the list of times that they're on here.
I got the list.
I was, I happened to fumble upon it.
I thought it was going to be like a magic thing or something.
But they did bump half the myths that they're feeding the public.
This past week was about the second hand smoke crap.
Uh huh.
That there's never been a legitimate study, a scientific study that proves any of that crap.
And they're running around telling people it's 53,000 people dying per year.
And they also expose the baby industry from all these parenting videos and crap.
And like that they even have these four men and a parenting group with this lady.
And she said that in an order like to become one with your baby.
You know, she showed how ridiculous it was.
These men were putting on depends.
It was hilarious just so that you could come and touch with your baby.
Your baby could relate to you and you could relate to your baby.
39, 10, 30, a bullshmit the end of the world.
Exactly.
Exactly.
It's a great show.
I'll be honest with you.
I'll be honest with you.
Okay.
Thank you.
It was good.
I saw that whole show.
Which one?
Into the world.
No, the one that he was just talking about.
That part is, uh, it's like a half baby.
Yeah.
And this creationism, self helpless, ESP, Feng Shul, bottle water, Feng Shui.
What is it?
I get this print is so small.
I can't read it.
Feng Shui.
Feng.
Where is it, Mr. Feng?
No, it's spelled here F-E-N-G.
That's how you spell it, but it's pronounced Feng Shui.
Trust me.
It is?
Yeah.
What is it?
It's the art of decorating according to some sort of Eastern something or other.
Feng with an F-E-N-G?
To create balance and harmony inside your living space so that the...
Well, by the way, I'm here.
...without impeted.
I'll be sure to watch that one of these days.
That was good.
Was it?
Yeah.
It was.
The one on the psychics, the one that they did with John Edward and that other faker.
Why are they both fags, by the way?
Why are all the...
Your craft.
Psychic meaning, thank you.
And that region, as you know, in the northern and southern, no fly zones.
If you ever seen him with Heiner Kimmer, never seen Rumsfeld and Heiner Kimmer together.
And that's what all those good liberals like Papu Cannon and Bob Novak warned me about.
They said, where are these chicken hawks?
You just reminded me of a great bumper sticker.
It'd be really big and West Palm especially.
Yeah.
Don't blame me.
I voted for Buchanan.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, hoi!
Always comes back to Florida.
Everything that's going on in the world today, we can trace right back to that November 2000 election.
And by the way, in retrospect, yeah.
Could that have been as bad?
If you can.
It might have been better for you, I don't think for me, but anyhow.
Well, he's a changed man somehow.
Don't get too carried away.
I do like that show and he yes, I do find he's much more moderate and reasonable and he's vehemently against this war.
And against this, so holy what's happening with the economy?
By the way, the market for that guy, the quality of the money.
Right.
Not going to be too happy.
We are a market right up.
You're out of updates.
The Dow is down 112 points.
They're going to break now.
So I'm going to do like one at a time.
And then I ask that's down 25 points.
And I ask that's under 13.
I'm ready.
12.97.
It'll come up when we get there.
There comes the bunny and there goes your money.
And once they start dropping their bombs, then you're going to see.
I love that guy, the company that they for financial advice.
That was, I mean, I know his intentions were good.
I mean, that was just incredible.
Well, you learned from your mistakes, so you could probably tell him that.
And then we can, I call it a Hitler for advice.
How to cater a bar mitzvah banquet.
I mean, there was just, you know, not good talking to a guy that's gone to the cleaners.
Thanks to Mithersh.
Thanks a lot, Mithy.
Jack asks.
Another good reason not to go to a Panther game is having to see Mithersh on that scoreboard.
If they stopped showing him up there, but you get a lot more people in there.
They show his face.
He added that.
Yes.
Him and his partner there, his partner in crime.
Ken, whatever his name is.
You're going to take a call or two.
I was thinking about, I didn't know if you were going to take the break, but certainly we can take a call.
Oh, that's right. No, no, let's take the break.
I didn't see what time it was.
I haven't such a good time here.
And now during the break, I can go make another cup of tea.
Good idea.
1225 on 560 WQA.
Carlos.
I know.
Thank you, baby.
Don't worry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I, sir.
Hello.
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, I'm not.
I got there, but Kelly called me every three minutes.
Why did we move the process?
Sir, you told me to move the bride.
I didn't tell you.
You must have misunderstood me.
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen, butt wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You all move the practice.
Okay.
How are we going with it anyway?
Are you mad?
Hold on.
What would I be?
Remus.
Yeah, boss.
Shut the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remus.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm telling you.
I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and not Michael Jackson called me every three minutes, I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remus.
Can't hear you, boss.
Stop it, Remus.
I'm going to fall, boss.
Stop falling, boss.
Remus.
Remus.
Remus.
It looks into my hand, Remus.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Remus.
That's the phone, boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Remus.
It stops falling the floor.
Sorry.
I said, sir.
The moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time slot and fourth and fourth.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What the hell ya doing with a harmonica ring?
What is it, I'm so nervous.
I can't breathe.
Don't leave me without anything.
Get an Italian blooper away from me!
Oh, come on, Morrison.
I'm allergic.
I'm allergic.
Your eyes are calling.
Sir?
Over 25 million people
Shut up, b eyes and..
Listen, you see what I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing?
You hear imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down, slide aside. I'm the puppet master.
I said you do it. Now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview.
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like a...
Reemus! Yes, the ever. What the hell are you doing now?
Listen to blow a blow. It's nothing wrong with the floor remiss. What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss. My other ear remiss.
That's the phone remiss. Get out.
Get out. Get out.
Hi sir. Yes sir.
Killin' me. Killin' me.
I'm sorry sir.
Killin' me.
Sorry. Killin' me softly.
From 32. So anyway, these faxes you sent me?
Yeah.
First of all, Mark and Miami just relaxed the alluda-crisping from Barry Jackson's comic talking about
had nothing to do with any of Roger's show, which is even more alluda-crisping.
And had to do with Mohawi-David and the Mad Dog.
Oh right.
And that amazing.
That's a great idea.
That's all I'm gonna turn.
Number two. Let's see. Here's what it says.
Just a note to QA. I'm on one of the many listeners to the Alludgers.
Please keep it up in the link too.
Why is he like, I don't understand.
It's a fax. Where does he think this goes?
And it comes to us, Andy. Okay.
Anyway, yesterday you spoke of an electronic-based war protest.
You have any info on this event? Yes, I do, Andy.
In fact, we ought to have this on our website, Carlos.
Coming soon.
Today.
Anti-war groups planning phone campaign to overwhelm White House and Congress tomorrow.
Organizes the virtual march on Washington,
our calling on supporters to call, fax, or email senators in the White House during business hours tomorrow Wednesday the 26th.
The group also showed a TV ad feature what we've seen with Martin Sheen.
Now let's see. I'm looking for the, we're hoping there will be thousands and thousands of phone calls.
Do they have a site these people like with phone number?
I'm gonna give that out. All right. I just relax.
I just can be opportunity. A lot of the weather, but you're like, you know,
hyperventilating.
When without war, it's a coalition of more than 30 organizations opposed to over the rack,
including the National Council of Churches, National Organization for Women and WACP and the Sierra Club.
And on the net, when without war can be found at www.winwithoutwarus.org.
When without war, is that us or US? Well, take a pick. Okay.
When without war, us or US.org. Got it, Carlos? He's got it.
He's on top of it. So we'll put that on there. We'll put a link to it right on our website.
Chinwy, front and center. Okay. On theararchers.com.
Also a fact that says Neil Ike was the most underweighted president of all time.
Great general, Europe, V-Day, a two NASA overruling those who wanted military control of space programs,
three interstate highway system. He led the, uh, love the German Autobahn,
four internationalists and statesmen into the Korean War and said the peoples of the world
want peace so badly that eventually their leaders will have to get out of the way and let them have it.
Proposed open skies where US and Soviet Union could make regular flights over each other's territory to help keep the peace.
And then this farewell speech as somebody before said, the chronic and cocoa points out,
warning of the growing power of the military industrial complex said Ike in this farewell speech.
Beware the military industrial complex. He said because they are the evil doers.
Don't we have a bit about them about what defense contractor?
I don't know. Do we? Yeah, we do. I was a call defense contractor.
It's called sitting on defense.
The carrier will be ready. You are the leader in your equestrian service.
Thank you brothers. Thank you brothers.
Here I am the big defense contractor.
I am a greedy sleeping bastard.
Here's a bush looking forward to a war.
Another cold war is what I've asked in.
I am only concerned with my bottom line.
Let's start a war and start the last year.
Don't care how many have to die.
Or if I can interrupt, Romestyle just talking about the very close partnership we have with South Korea and Japan.
Is that the same South Korea where the new prime minister just told us to get our troops out of there?
Get the hell out of the 38,000 Americans?
It sucks like me. Put that dude in office and I'm expecting a return.
Now finally with Romestyle working for us, now we can build this D.I.
I am a big defense contractor.
I am the harbinger of death.
I for pretty much I have master.
But when I am home I must do best that I always wear a dress.
With that line of gear.
I'm going to be a great leader.
Read a whole designated by the way.
Right at the beginning of the president's day.
Well, let's have some psychic powers there of the ballhead one.
Let's book a bride in the ballheaded one.
560 on a George Redmigot show.
Mad Dog at one, 80k for the Humphrey 3 because hanged finally, wise up.
Take an election time off and get back in the shade.
Maybe lose an answer to please.
Please.
Hercle warm up at 7.
You have a little of a wildcat 730.
The big Macea at 10 o'clock in Jo and Mark overnight.
Two to six.
Don't let me interrupt you from all your fault.
Okay, no, no, here's Homestead. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Turn the radio off.
George.
Yes.
The radio's off.
Okay, I don't know where that echo is coming from.
That was somebody talking to me.
All right.
Who's answering the phone?
House?
No.
Who's answering the phone man?
Like two times?
Did they hang up on you?
Oh no, I don't know how much you guys are paying up.
No, no, we're not.
This is a matter of fact.
You're not paying up.
He's paying us.
That's probably why they're doing such a good job.
Right.
But, uh, but, uh, hey, by the way, uh, George, the last time, I mean,
what was the last time we went to war with somebody for oil?
Who was the last time?
Yeah, people asked me.
What was the first time?
In the Gulf War, they were saying the same thing.
No blood for oil, no blood for oil.
We didn't go in there and take anybody's oil.
Uh-huh.
Right or wrong?
We didn't take anybody's oil.
We were going there and, uh, we were going to the rescue of some people who were in there.
You don't think we were protecting the other oil countries like Kuwait and Saudi Arabia
do you?
We're protecting the other countries.
We were doing business with.
Yeah.
Yeah, but it's the same thing here.
I mean, if you don't think we're going to war because this guy has a chance of giving biological
and chemical agents to terrorists, which he does.
He does have that capability of doing it.
Uh, I mean, honestly.
Who doesn't?
Who doesn't?
I could give Draino to a right head.
What?
I said, have a great time.
Yeah.
Really sad.
Really stupid and sad.
And you know what?
Like an old man called a show.
It's like the big lie.
Like the Nazi said.
If he keeps saying it loud enough and loud enough.
Oh, chemicals.
First of all, in the beginning, it had nothing to do with biological or chemical weapons.
Right.
In the beginning, it was regime change and he's a brutal, murderous dictator.
Right.
He gasped his own people and then that didn't work too well.
So now it's weapons of mass destruction and chemical and biological weapons.
We can be on the out of the out of the out of what he could do.
Everybody in their brother, by the way, in fact, who's still producing and violation of all the international treaties, by the way,
who's still producing chemical and biological weapons is the good old USA.
Well, he's talking about this.
One thing about this administration, when the first thing they did when they came to office,
all those treaties that we ever signed, yet forget about it.
There's nothing.
They don't have a new deal.
Not FDR's new deal.
We got our own new deal.
We got the raw deal.
We're moral and righteous.
We don't have to live by those deals.
Right.
You just wait till the USA pay for your act part two gets into the,
then you won't be opening up a big mouth, Mr.
I'll clear that right now.
You either, oh, I'm going to say hand it in.
You're going to say hand it in, right?
I have a hand on.
Nice until one on Canadian radio, 560 WQAM.
Push.
There's a little woman.
All right, guys, knock it away.
Hey, you big fat fru-cake.
Guys, that's not nice at all.
No matter, you're going to cry.
I'm going to call your parents is what I'm going to do.
Let's face it, being a house husband is hard enough without having to worry about the laundry.
And thanks to new simply clean with bleach, I don't have to worry.
Simply clean gets out all the tough stains like grass stains, coffee, picks,
that I'm going to discharge, dried on, like on this t-shirt.
So when my wife gets home, my laundry will score an A plus.
Honey, I'm home.
Well, there he is now.
New simply clean with bleach.
Get out the f-ing dirt.
The way he lays begin of that.
USA Today reports natural gas and heating oil prices surge.
No.
Natural gas and heating oil futures extended their blistering rally into a second day today,
hitting record highs on forecast of bitter cool lasting in the March and rapidly declining supplies.
The developments point to likely increases in already bloated home heating bills.
Residential heating oil prices about 50% from a year ago,
when the average winter heating oil bill was 642 bucks the energy department says
bills might approach a grand this winter.
While natural gas prices are not as easy to track consumers who are reporting similar jumps before this week's rise,
higher natural gas and heating oil prices will cut more to consumer budgets.
So Jim Williams of WTRG, Economics and Energy Consultant,
if you're old enough to remember it's time to bring out that sweater that Jimmy Carter used to wear
while encouraging us to turn our thermostats down.
I remember that.
When we were being held hostage, we not only had the hostages in Iran,
but the entire country is being held hostage for OIL.
I remember people freezing.
The increased heating cost, which in part reflect higher demand during an especially cooled winter in many parts of the USA.
Drag act as a drag on the economy.
Just mention that.
Go ahead, start interruption.
Remember all those old people that were freezing to death because they were afraid they were going to be able to pay what?
That's right.
I sure do.
Just, and there'll be more than this year.
Right.
It's compassionate of conservatives, a man.
Just like we had the, would Jimmy Carter, compassionate of the compassionate stupidity?
I say 5, 6, 7, 05, 16, date and brown,
pound, 5, 60s, free of rise and wireless.
Here's West Palm.
Hello.
Yeah, hi.
How are you doing?
Great.
You got to go back, I think, where the salt started.
And I thought about it.
And I said, today we allowed George Bush to get in there.
And the way he was selected.
Yeah.
And he was selected by his Supreme Court buddies.
That's right.
When that happened, I knew it was over.
I said it's over in Americans just that still.
No big deal.
Two weeks after he got in, people seemed to forget all prices were about $1.10.
And two weeks after he went in, they went to $1.35.
No one said anything.
Right.
You know, and then I said, with Clinton, with the whole weapons of mass destruction thing, Clinton took out 95% of his stuff to go through his inspections.
No one dies.
Right.
You know, and then I said, if we take that, we look at everything.
Who has weapons of mass destruction we do.
We have smallpox, we have anthrax, in our labs.
You know, and I said, you know, the way people worry about Michael Jackson and all this crap.
Right.
Go ahead and nail.
Michael Jackson and Joe millionaire, man, that's America for you.
Why don't we have Michael Jackson and Joe millionaire leader protests and say, no more?
I bet it would get 50 million dollars.
Here's the best idea of the year.
In the wake of the fall Americans up, because that's what they want to watch.
You know, Michael comes from the start of our little take home, happy little kids in the parade.
Well, I can't wait about little kids.
He's worried about little kids in the world, probably.
Let him show me all the millionaire leaders.
And where's it good to go?
Good idea.
Yeah, 90 share easy.
Thank you.
Good thing he's called all the problems.
Here's the facts from George condolences on Chinese passing.
The most common reelection question should be asked now.
Couldn't read his writing.
Are we any safer? Are we more secure?
Are we economically stronger?
Are we freer than when George W. was elected?
No.
Nice George.
No to all of these things, only but of course it's only February 2003.
Right.
We haven't started grappling La Bamba yet.
Everything will be better then.
What about Grande?
We'll have an oil pump in your house after the war.
And by the way, there's no charge to view the big mushroom cloud.
Fort Myers, hello.
Hello.
Hi.
I was watching one of Fox's right wing knuckle draggers last night's identity.
We looked like Nathan Lane by the way, but that's an insult to Nathan Lane.
Anyway, he had that Congressman Shazon from the 60 minutes piece.
And he happened to mention, do you think it'd be a good idea to use tactical nuclear weapons if they're gasped?
And he just said, no, absolutely not.
I mean, he was almost shocked by the question, but it's this Hannity who's just so angry and violent and with the talks, with anybody that disagrees with anything.
Yeah.
I mean, any of Roger L's is conservative people that are on his shows.
I mean, it just mouthpieces for him and then I journalists.
That's right.
You know, I don't know if you saw this one.
That's why I would program that thing right off your set.
I would be programming it out.
Because I was watching this morning. He had Jeanine Garoflo and had one of the Fox and friends.
And it was just violent.
I mean, you can't get one in word in.
I mean, if you're not right wing or conservative on those morning shows, he doesn't have you on there.
And that's obvious from the program that he has.
That's all I have.
All spin all day.
Don't forget.
All spin all day.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
I heard it's kind of like one of those washing machines that won't go out.
All spin all day.
It just keeps going around and around.
But this one only tilts to the right.
So I heard we were going to use tactless nuclear weaponry.
Didn't you hear what Rumsfeld said before?
No.
I think the most poignant thing was when he said,
what was that?
What was that?
I thought my finger hit the ear.
Oh, so they were promoting the Sodom thing.
Oh, we couldn't have that.
Sodom had the interview with Dan.
Rather, even though this is certainly not news, I was afraid the drop had been corrupted.
No.
Oh, we wouldn't do that.
That was a special.
Only America's been corrupted.
9-1 on 560 WQAM.
And?
And?
Well, we're figuring it out.
I'm not going to get an exit.
Oh, you want this?
This is the only way to make this a good fight.
Power David's a bitch.
I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die.
From being able to make you do do do do.
I should ever keep being dull, oh no.
A big black mostly trapped inside my bowels.
How can you find from the fact that parts?
You let these put your doctors in.
Now my heart stops.
You schwarz at sign eye for my intestines out.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami.
With the kind of service you've given this town.
I would act as if to follow.
If I didn't eat that crap I swallowed.
Why can't you let me so you can last?
Why can't you lose us?
Get it right.
My power will block.
Inside my hearty.
Can't make my church go out.
It's good doctors, good doctors.
It's good doctors, good doctors.
Hey, 12.5.5.6.2 WQM.
Thanks to George for doing most of the show today.
Oh, it was nothing.
It was like I wasn't even doing it.
Literally.
Small groups often skirt power technique rules.
We do have this on a website.
For every not.
I guess we didn't put on there.
Lesson owned bands.
Because it's really, it's almost comical if there weren't so many people died and got injured.
But to watch the scooring about between the club owner and the rock band, the great white.
And everybody else involved.
Oh, no, we, uh, about it.
I don't know, not.
We didn't know about it.
In Rhode Island is in Massachusetts.
Power techniques such as those that cause deadly blaze at the station must be set up by technician license by the state.
That person or company usually handles the paperwork as well.
Filing for a permit with the local fire department demonstrating the far worse for inspectors and modifying the display's local authorities require.
The process, however, is easily avoided by bands that simply don't hire license technicians and have their own stage hands set up the power techniques.
In some cases, club owners are willing to look the other way while this is occurring.
Those in the industry say they're willing to look the other way.
If a band doesn't come forward, they believe they do it behind our back.
Nobody tells us we have no way of knowing said Captain William Metavelli, Fire Prevention Division of the Worcester Fire Department.
And they move on to the next town the next night.
Rev Tyler, guitar player for the now defunct love and cry said the band routinely used power techniques, including at the station, but never hired a license technician.
A stage hands set up the power techniques each time he said to his knowledge, no permit was ever applied for either.
Not looking too good for the owners, you know what?
And that's how we figured it.
We looked the other way.
Yeah.
And then of course we got all these people.
Oh gee, how can you have a stage without power techniques?
Excuse me?
Gee.
Excuse me.
I think inside a wooden frame building with no sprinkler system with foam rubber insulation.
Right.
Exactly.
That soaked in caracene.
I'd tell you what, maybe we could have the band come and do the show and your living room would be good.
And set off a little power techniques display and see how that works first before we try to get into wood frame building with no sprinkler system and foam my insulation.
I just, you know, what's the use you feel weak?
You want to just get on the floor and make guttable sounds like that.
A lives on world.
And so as a result, I can understand why most people are bought, you know, they want an escape.
They want to release from all these horrible things.
There you go.
So excuse me for bringing up the fact that we brought 58,000 Americans dead from Vietnam.
Absolutely nothing.
And those people who were opposed to it, those people who opened up a mouth, those people who had the balls to protest, those people who defected and came up here to Canada when any other guy they in place.
Communist.
Same kind of crap.
Comedy sympathizers, cowards, pinkos, all the others, all of these things.
And now we're going through the same thing again.
Because there are a few people with enough intelligence to see through all of this little crap and see that this was orchestrated long before 9-11 ever.
If we were going after the people that were involved with 9-11 planning it, involved them in any way, shape, or form, I'd be right there.
Hallelujah. I'd be out there waving the American flag of the streets up here.
We already did that.
Let's go get them.
No, we don't.
Didn't we do that already?
Yeah.
So do you have a DVD player up there?
No, I do not.
I can go buy one.
Because there's 80 million electronics.
There's all over our young street.
Just curious, because I was going to buy and send you the born on the 4th of July DVD.
Oh great.
I'm going to buy a DVD.
And since I've already got the Howdy Doody's CD from Bokob Ryan, you do?
Yeah, he sent me that as a birthday gift.
The Howdy Doody one.
Well, how do you do like that?
I do the pretty good.
And maybe tomorrow I'll be doing even better.
Bye, bye, bye.
Can you let your show on 5-6-11-Q-A-A-N for Margao?
Got a little poke in the ass about 8 o'clock this morning.
