The Jets are saying they got to play better defense against the Dolvin blizzard
Who the hell is this the man who's robbing you?
Five minutes from now the guys in the ball pulled the positive six bags
He's a ball girl a bit
One minute after that the elevator will rise to pages
Three of your guys can pick up the bags and carry them out
Now it's been four to twenty seconds to wait for the scene of four. This is ocean to live. Yeah
So that's what you're gonna do you're gonna pull a nice thing? Yeah, Neil
I'm gonna try to rob the MGM grand not only go to the fight but while the fight's going on
I'm gonna rob the cages of over ten million dollars now. This is an all expense paid trip right? I hope yeah all expense paid by me
What now? I'm going out there for top rank they're putting me up and I'm doing two shows from there
But I have to pay for everything else. What are you talking about? I don't know what what should I do advice me?
Great one. I would think by now after a couple of months you to be on to the whole deal here
You're not supposed to pay for nothing. I'm not gonna pay for anything. I'm gonna give him a receipt when I get back
Mo has in touch you Schmidt man. By the way, I hope you don't I hope you're like got the lights all off before you went in there
Did they show this morning? Yeah?
You have a piece huh? Yeah, it was herpes or was it what you have to know? Let's listen. Do you have footage of him talking this morning?
Listen, I know you got it. Oh, I think I have a good
Herpes. Oh, God. Oh, God. I'm gonna catch my flight. You'll have a great day. Have a great time Scott. Thank you.
I'm gonna do much.
I heard you
You grew up with them both and now antler records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and bullwink
We're here you guy. For this dead enough Natasha. Your is the only way down you. Yes, Simon and bullwink
Recorded live in Central Park and frost by falls the music of Paul Simon the lyrics of Mr. Noet Hall
I'm singing your disrepute your station but I got a more than
Animation you know
You know
Simon and bullwink all greatest hits I am a moose
I am a man
Oh, yes, it is Paul but it's not art and rock steals the fame
Because movies never play unfortunately Simon and bullwink all greatest hits
Now available at Mr. Thibaudi's records and hits
Love that Mr. Peabody dusting the cobwebs out their friendship the folk rock duo Paul Simon art garfuck
An onslai's that the reaniding for a concert German North America this fall
They both just turned 93 shows begin October 18th at the palace at Auburn Hills outside Detroit
Ever been to Detroit like I said don't go okay, you know what you'll say I have to make your first visit to Detroit
I think I have herpes like Moe. He was got herpes absolutely
Either that at Weaselon has had reached down and been him riding a goddamn eyebrow
He's got chirpies the 60s favorites I think I have herpes who last recorded together in 1975
So more than 40 million albums in the US with the sounds of silence
Bridger would travel water Mrs. Robinson yoddy yoddy yoddy and the voice bad enough and Mr. Peabody
Great nice going Simon a garfuck or anybody want to hear them? No they were good. I like Paul Simon was great
Sure art garfuckle all on his own. What was the song he did the Sam Cook song? Don't a wonderful world
Okay, right am I right? Yes. Don't know much about crap don't know much about herpes I think I have herpes
No, actually I do know quite a bit about it, but that's another story for another day
I know a lot about the thick head herpes like calm down. Oh, okay
That must have been why he was out yesterday hit like a chanker or something these stayed out for a whole day
Well, it was God is right. He's such a pussy, you know
By the way speaking of Scott Scott junior in there may get paid does sometimes soon clearance was in her yesterday apologizing
Yeah, you're full of crap clearance. You're we're on to you
We're on to your baloney. Okay. He's stonewalling. He's just stalling installing and pushing it back and pushing it back
You know just try to like save a few bucks for a cheap ass outfit. Okay, let's get right to it
We don't have a lot of time today. We got a short show. We got just tons of crap
Man, just tons and tons and tons of crap. Here's a little piece of advice for you by the way
Everybody in the audience do not take Santa Cod unless you need it. You know what I'm saying? Wow
Well, you know my my words are healing up from that awful bacon experience that ate 75 pieces of bacon from how he was there
And I'm finally like it's almost gone, but I'm thinking well, you know you the stool softener is good
We can't talk about that. Can we stool softer? It's not lunch yet. Huh? No seriously, but it can't hurt
So for whatever reason I just took a Cennacott last night before I went to bed. That was a bad movement, man
Wow this morning. I just woo
Heavy duty experience don't take Cennacott unless you really needed my should be taken Cennacott
Believe me. I'll keep you busy. My you'll be crapping your brains out all day long
Anyway, the poor result from yesterday
I don't know they just
The hundred and three votes. It's not too bad, but this was they're just not concerned, you know?
No, I'm not they're very very calm tomorrow. By the way, it's trests draft for his birthday on 9-11
Happy birthday Troy. We're not playing the thing till tomorrow, right?
What's your take on this Thursday's two-year anniversary of 9-11? It's tomorrow
It's tomorrow stay calm stay cool. We don't want to get anybody into a panic. Don't start losing your grip on reality
George has suggested no
Be afraid be very afraid nothing will happen 698 58% of this audience is fully confident that nothing is gonna happen tomorrow
Well, you know what you're all wrong because something's gonna happen. Yeah, so it'll come up right tomorrow
Maybe and maybe not
Maybe your son will come up tomorrow or go down
Nothing will happen 698. What me worry 289? I'm buying duct tape and vis Queen
It was a late vision on their 92 say they're buying their duct tape and vis Queen
Badchman will happen 54. I'm staying close to home all day 36 and I won't travel tomorrow 34 out of
1203 votes on yesterday's pull we got two polls today. How do you like that two for the price of none?
Here's the first one for this hour only
We got a short show now. You know that's a crank call Scott. Don't you mind me beach? You know that line six is a crank mind me beach
That was great
Edward Teller's dead is right 25 what a Nazi bastard he was
I wonder if he was related to Nistva on guiding light top of our but at any rate
Edward Teller's that you know you got the Tom Lerthing back though the Edward Teller song on there, right? We do you know
Yeah, we got the Tom Ler album back there. He's probably all of them. I don't know so never heard from Edward Teller the hell he didn't
Or no, it was very fun brown well same difference. Doc
Anyway, here's the first pull for today before we get to the heavy duty stuff all before we do it though
This story about the lottery ticket this
In today's Harold and I just looked at this and I talked to myself. There's only one remedy for doing that
Throwing your brains out
Who had the 50 million dollar ticket float as biggest lotto loser? It says when the clock tick passed 12 a.m
Tuesday yesterday time ran out on somebody's dream
A 50 million dollar winning lottery ticket bought in North Bay village on March 12th expired the largest jackpot in Florida lottery history to go unclamed
It was the 20th winning Florida ticket to be lost and more likely forgotten about the previous record was $60 million pot left behind in 1991
I think I just feel the heavy pot
Lottery winners have 180 days to claim their prizes the money now goes into the Florida education enhancement trust fund
What does that mean that the kids go to school for like two days a year now
Some of it will be reinvested in a new games for the lottery spokeswoman Sheila Griffin said
Keep in mind the lottery is the biggest ripoff the biggest legalized ripoff in history mankind. Am I right?
Absolutely
One person is spying about the ticket Mohammed iZim Hosein owner of coal's food market in North Bay
But let's still got his cut as the vendor who sold the winning numbers the lottery paid him 10 grand
I gave some to a friend who works with me and sent some to my wife and bagel et al esh was on the only problem
He might not be so happy if he checks with her and finds out she had a 50 minute ticket too late bitch
I mean
It says if the ticket holder finally shows up
Then we'd have a five box of Kleenex party because he or she would be crying. Yeah Griffin said
How do you like that?
Who the hell is Griffin? Oh Sheila Griffin from the Florida lottery crying
If you seriously stop and think about that you'll look in the drawer. Oh, look at that. There was my lottery ticket
Oh
There it is. I've been looking for that damn thing and of course you don't write down the numbers
You just and you look at it and there's like 22 23 35
45 50 and 53 and then you reach in the other drawer
A lot to be involved in really your freaking brains out you'd have to you just have to kill yourself wouldn't you?
Absolutely rubber room at least now. What do you mean another winner sky?
You see here we come in like Georgia becoming very cynical about our great-cowars. Here's Palm Beach. Hello
Get a lie buddy get a lie
I win huh I win I picked it. What do you mean you win? He was good. I liked him. He was enjoyable
Uh, he was almost he sounded a little like the dice man on a bad day with like a sore throat
Here's the first poll for today which of these best describes why listen to the Nioh Roger show
Which of these best describes why you listen to the Nioh Roger show for humor
For liberal talking a few laughs. There's nothing else on I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off
Neil is the radio god
No, good. I'm a QAM listener or I love the crank callers which were two for two so much the first guy was good though
Yeah, that was the retire and that was the uh guy with the 85 horses. I'm starting to enjoy him actually
You know what when he's got something good like that? He was good today
So it goes to show you if you just keep plugging away sooner lady might have something like mo
You know
Someday he might say something good on here. Absolutely. Haven't had nothing good so far
It's only been like a year and a half. Can you say that? He's got such great hits in it in addition to way
He does have a lot of hits mostly once you don't want like to think at her piece like that one
He was out sick with like a chirpy and like little extra crotch rot yesterday
Come on mo booch up a little bit if you're gonna work on his station
You got to show up or be they like the rest of us by the way mad dogs off today
You know i'm saying oh right because we work whenever we feel like it because we got a marlin game pregame at 12.35
The red hot marlin's why believe are they 15 games over now scott 15 16
16 81 65
Oh my god
They are sure they are assured of not having a losing season
I don't want to doubt your word, but I want to look in the paper here
I'm not you know, I'm sure you're right
But 16 games over would be astonishing and still nobody shows up when I have the home games because there's nobody there and nobody cares
Anyway, they got the meds again this afternoon and we'll have that game for you like at 110 to start and game
12.35 the pregame so we get out of here early to which we say
Uh 80 and 65 it says here 80 and 65 my mistake
But you are yeah, I gotta say one thing for scott here so consistent
No, it would like to think with Mussolini and Romeo yesterday no matter what he says you know, it's wrong
That's why I picked up the paper as soon as you said it because I already saw it
They're 15 games over they have 17 games
165 17 left
So somebody who said earlier in the season marlins are gonna win 91 games and we all laugh and say what an idiot
What I'm more on that person may have been right they may have been absolutely correct sir shocking
So there you go. Let's uh
Got the first pull up there. We got another pull in the 11 o'clock hour for the rest of the show and I got eight million
The things here how we got to rush plus we got these tremendous calls like the one from Miami. Hello
I'm listening
So weak so weak
Have you noticed how we've got all these wannabes?
Yeah, this is the guy wants to be mo which I don't think you really want to be moister
Especially with a bad case of a chirpies you gotta say more enthusiastic. I'm listening see like that
More with that stentorian sound. I'm listening. Right. We like that a lot better nice going mo
You be the best man. That's a piece of crap. We ever had an ed building
Provinous in fact, I flushed better stuff down the bull this morning than the the mohauer David, you know
Absolutely trust me when I tell you lots of it
Provinous after 10 at 560 am I gonna have to do like the helium showed it? I'm gonna have to talk fast because we only have
Speed it up. Oh speed the tape up. Okay. That sounds good to me
Like I had a balloon. I could like suck the helium out
I don't could say practice makes perfect
If you're underpaid like poor scotton air who can't even get like a nickel or rub on clearness's ass
Overworked and underappreciated and you like to like change your life and get you a really fat big paycheck
How about getting a new career in a way to do that is with training from our good friends at fast train
Call them toll-free at 1-866 fast train fast train can have you trained and certified before years end
The demand for computer professionals continues to grow. There's no end in sight
So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career and a big paycheck that goes with it
Fast train offers job placement assistance can be a day-ending weekend schedules
And there are six floater locations including four right there in South Florida
So there's bound to be a fast train close by you fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify to so pick up the phone
And call the good folks at fast train to answer all your questions no obligation
1-866 fast train. No excuse to stay at a dead end job working for some schmuck one more day
Check them out on the way to fast train.com call this number and change your life forever call 1-866 fast train
If there's a butt I smell it. I think I've heard these warning the following may not be suitable for children
Celebrities going well. It's the hot new video series that shows real celebrities getting in the real trouble
Celebrities gone wild your old time favorite stars are hitting all time lows see honey with madman times
I'm more get busy on honey with madman Heidi flying
It's a hit celebrity's gone wild also features clips from LA Laker superstar Kobe Bryant
Celebrity gone wild is jam packed with famous people who are famous for their infamous behavior
Next day on our us nicknothie Bobby Brown Michael Jackson Robert Downey junior and the list goes on plus Robert Blake gets
Tranched in ice cold water for us to first lazy wet prison jumpsuit contest
Where it takes time to
Order celebrities gone wild in the next 10 minutes and willing to this free Arnold Schwarzenegger video called
Celebrities gone crazy. I want to be covering the of California
Celebrities gone wild and celebrities gone crazy order now before all these stars are in jail
We have all the governors mansion 1018 is 560 WQM you know well Eric has been doing such a great job
Far for me to bust his balls and it's really not his fault. It's Georgia's fault
Because we entered this category. I didn't you didn't pass it long facts the revised uh thing did you sure?
Like I said, it's Eric's fault you idiot. I love the crank collars. We got to get that on there. I don't see you see it
No, no, it's not on her. Yeah, which I'm sure there must be a how many do you think you're gonna vote for that
Which of these best describes why you'll listen to the erudgers show for liberal talking
a few laughs 11
15 like I said it just changed again in midstream
Uh, Neil is the radio god 12 for humor 12. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off too
I'm a QM listener to enter nothing else on one
Out of the 44 so far, but I guarantee I love the crank collars get that on the right away Eric or else
I know what or else what but or else Edward Tellers died
Do we mention that twice or a hundred times? Hope he played a key role in the US defense and energy policies for more than a half a come to a century
Was dubbed the fatherly H bomb for his enthusiastic pursuit of the powerful weapon died yesterday
Is spokesman for the Lawrence Livermore laboratory. He was 95. That's plenty old enough 95 Jesus
Wouldn't all of us like to make it to 95. I'll take that
You know the only people who aren't crazy about only making it to 95 it was her like 94 and a half
Right, I suppose even my mom who's a little over 90 she'd like to make it to 95. She's still pretty strong mom
I just don't I don't think it's in the cards
Well, you know when you when you wind up being a bag lady at the age of 90
You keep it that way. I don't think this is a big future. Yeah, well, you know that condo. She's got that I own
Mm-hmm. Well, I think that value is increased rapidly in last few years. I'll question Hollywood's boom
This article is gonna just a stonight. Oh wait wait a minute
We want one call at a time today because we're under a lot of pressure
We got a lot of stuff again. We only got two and a half hours. We got the big Marlon Meds game any interest? No
See this is just what's the problem with that town?
Oh, there's the whining about the damn dolphin lost to a girl's team well
Then don't be crying over spilt milk. Okay, they're gonna lose to the jets on Sundays
Then what are they gonna do? Can you imagine if they were started oh and two oh my god
There'd be people blowing their brains out forget about the lottery ticket guy
We got a shot
Yeah, they got a shot
Here's my any on six all calls are on six today, which is an omen. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Is this a real call?
This is a real call. I can't believe it
And you know, we I tell you something the Q&A program is the Q&A programming department. I think it's gonna is upgraded at the town level
Um, regarding sports radio programming Q&A but only technically when it comes to the play by play stuff. Yeah
What is going on? I mean we've got the hurricanes and the dolphins are signature
um sports on the station right and they have mohauer david
Who is that one and embarrassment and all the how many times you're gonna tell us
That every player is a former giant a former charger a former patriot don't care
Yeah, well, well in most cases a former human being
The gaki. I mean he crushed it. He crushed it. He crushed it. We every plane is a terrible sucks. Okay. Okay. Yeah
I mean just I don't know what you're point that our play by play uh people are a little bit lacking now you've left out
I noticed jugs McDonald from the panther game and a panther signed a old-liled old line big deal and you know the panther off the jone
Like what is it? The panthers are off the map nobody cares about them. You can go to the park. You're absolutely right
That's right. If nobody cares about the marlins you can imagine how many people really care about the panthers
That's stretching it
Have a great yes
He crushed it he crushed it he crushed it
But there's one thing he left out oh my oh my oh my oh my he left that out
From the hyperventilating hysterical Joe Zagaki
Bushlegan embarrassing good guy though, but really bush league in his performance and fits in perfectly with the um
Just like a glove no wonder they want him to know other broadcast
I mean why would they want to have like a bushly guy like Bill's inford doing you know guys like a real professional
They don't want that they want the screaming amateur hour Joe Zagaki, but nevertheless. That's you and like I said it fits in perfect
This story that I was about to do before we took that very important call
Saudi police say Barbie dolls a threat to morality
Okay, ready. I can see that Saudi Arabia's religious police have declared Barbie dolls a threat to morality
Complaining that the revealing clothes of the Jewish toy. Which is what they call it already banned the kingdom our offensive to Islam
Oh, yeah, didn't you know Barbie was Jewish
You know everybody on the Jewish because if you get a kind doll he circumscuses back right then he's got that ring around his
collar
The committee for the propagation of virtue and prevention of vice. Oh, I like that
What's that what's the acronym for that crap?
The committee for the propagation of virtue and prevention of vice as the religious police are officially known
lists the dolls on a section of its website devoted to items deemed offensive to the conservative
Saudi interpretation of Islam
Jewish Barbie dolls with a revealing clothes and shameful postures
Accessories and tools. Oh, there's nothing worse than a shameful tool right our symbol of decadence to the perverted west
Let us be aware of her dangers and be careful so to post her on the site Barbies a threat
The poster plastered with pictures of Barbie in short dresses and tight pants all right with a few of her accessories reads a strange
Request a little girl asks her mother mother. I want jeans the low-cut shirt and a swimsuit like Barbie
Such posters are distributed to schools at hung in streets by the religious police or moot. What is it?
Mutawa? Mutawa whatever the hell they okay goyem and dependent body affiliated with the office of the prime minister
Vice police officials weren't available for comment
Sheek Abdullah al-Merdas a preacher in a re-admask said the Mutawa take their anti-barbi campaign to the shops confiscating dolls from sellers and imposing a fine
How do you like that? Oh, we're fine right although illegal barbies the creation of California based motel are found on the black market
Where a contraband doll could cost a hundred reels which is 27 bucks US or more
It's no problem that little girls play with dolls
But these dolls are not of the developed body of a woman and where we're feeding clothes al-Merdas said these revealing clothes will be
Imprited in their minds and they'll refuse to wear the clothing we're used to as Muslims the sheikh said as in shakia booty
Isn't that incredible? We're not talking about people in the stone age are we? No, oh thank goodness for that
So Jewish Barbie doll oh brother. Yeah, these Shmata heads man just enough to make you want to puke your guts up
We're gonna we got a couple of calls in them
We're just in the unders person a couple here and there because we got a like I said a pressure pack show today two and a half hours
Which sounds good for every day then it oh yeah, can you imagine don't tease because all the other fakers on this station
They get by with two hours three hours and we got a four-hour thing we got to do for this kind of money
88 votes on a pool so far this is our first pool so you better get with it
Okay, you better hop on it because 11 o'clock this is gonna disappear 89 votes
Which of these best describes why you listen to the Elijah show for liberal talking a few laughs 36
Neil is the radio god 26 for humor 16
There's nothing else on four. I hate Neil, but I can't turn it off three. I'm a Q. I'm listening to three. I love the crank collars
Want to go one?
I thought that was the main reason they listen is because they want to hear chambah and
Maricone and those guys. Yeah
Not to mention retire and let's see other ones and the whispering guy which is all it's all the same people
People feelberg's line, but we can't oh yeah
Here's Miami when is this?
Okay, amigo
Yeah, I was wondering um did you know a couple weeks ago when you went away?
In a way you know that's going mark where in your studio
Doing what?
Delta is there they're tied at a handsome there other studios today when I was here studio at night and
And farther than your chair. Yeah
Does that and can I ask you a question? Sure when you're gonna grow up
They farted in my chair
Oh
Jesus got all money aren't you impressed wow that could be the worst call ever that could be the worst call of all time now
The reason well like I said it's in a run today
Worst call so far today sure in with that Edwin Teller guy that guy that guy was great what a nerd
Edward Teller's daddy was 95 and that old enough
You bet Jesus give it a rest Ed
He said life was a real
Bomb 26 past and least got Joe new and I he just turned 100
Panthers got Lyle Odelein he just turned 107
And Todd Gale he's 110 goes to show you never too old to play in the NHL
Hey, how low can they go you might be wondering right now is that what you were wondering? Oh all the time
There you go
The limbo rock onto the lowest speed finance rate you ever be here enough just 1.95 percent
We all have doing the limbo rock doing uh-huh you betcha
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get you a super low
95 percent finance rate with a financial group so call them today when in doubt check it out call 1-800-90-40-Lind
That's 1-800-90-40-L-E-N-D if you've been thinking about refinancing or buying real estate
You really ought to be doing this now call financial group
1-800-90-40-Lind and talk about savings listen to these payment amounts if you have a hundred thousand dollar on your payments
Our only a 368 bucks a month even Scott could afford that if he ever starts getting paid a
200-thousand dollar loan is only 736 bucks a month so call financial group toll-free
1-800-90-40-Lind to get that low amazing rate that you keep hearing about on these shows 1.95 percent all time lows
Get that 1.95 percent from our friends at financial group
1-800-90-40-L-E-N-D the Renequal Housing Lender be sure mention Todd Dreck when you call credit restrictions apply
Rate something to change monthly 5.19 APR
I'm a local
This is my city
The radio's on yours
Q-A-M
F*** yourself
Will I hate what to do with on Q-A-M?
Put that bag in back on again
I want what they had before these are my kind of guys
When the hell they do it anyway
If the man we sounded died was really gay
I want more at Christmas
Because the voices feel high
When I listen to the sports
A manly voice won't get my attention
I will really get me sent to the shorts
A squeaky high voice will give me an erection
I'll hate what to do with on Q-A-M
Put that bag in back on again
I'm going to miss here at straight men when voices this high
Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again
So I can impress all the macho friends
The check out Chris Moore at night to help the fans inside
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having macho sports guys as voices has some fractions
They were 12 years old
Yeah, I can't neglect that
Yes, stand up real close to the radio and press the sound
Get their voices out of there
Really makes my balls take over here
And that crow man
Well, he's smarter than my infrared brother
Yep
1032 and 560 WQM
We sure aren't getting much uh
Uh, uh, uh, slap over
You know what I'm talking about? In other words, when we came to Q-A-M
Five and a half years ago, almost six now I guess
Uh, it's like we brought our own audience
Right? You know what I'm talking about?
I don't
140 votes on here and uh, I'm a Q-A-M list
There's only three in other words, when they vote for it,
That means they listen to the station and the fact that they listen to Q-A-M
And we're on here is why they're listening to this show
Well, I need to good, I mean, what is that?
2.1%? That's pretty lame
56 people say they're listening mainly for liberal talking a few laughs
Neil is the radio god 41, of course that's the operative answer
For humor 28, there's nothing else on five, that's a good point
I hate Neil but I can't turn it off for
I'm a Q-A-M list, there are only three and I love the crank colors only three out of the first 140 votes
Big facts just in here
What does that say? Oh no, who is that? I can't even pronounce the name Larry Hovis
Okay
Is that a, do you know who that is? Sergeant Carter?
But is that his name? Larry Hovis
Yeah, Larry Hovis, that sounds right
Actor and comedian best known for his role as Sergeant Carter on the long-running TV show Hogan's Heroes
He was also regular on Gomer Pyle
Uh, USMC
Well, guess what? He died
And also Ronan Martin's laughin who guessed that on numerous games shows during the 70s including match game and the Liars Club
died September 9th yesterday of cancer in San Marcos, Texas at age 67
Did you die?
Larry Hovis, I have no idea who that is
I didn't watch Hogan's Heroes
Oh, it was great
No, it was not great
You thought you never watched it?
Well, maybe that's why I don't know it was great
It was funny
Didn't watch Gomer Pyle USMC, didn't watch that, that was just silly
I did watch Ronan Martin's laugh and I don't remember no Larry Hovis though
I watched match game, religiously, I love match game, it's still on the Gendro channel all the time
Never seen Larry Hovis, this kind of a liar
The Liars Club, who was on the Liars Club was that Mike Stokey who was also on Panamide Quiz?
I don't know, I don't know
Somebody will let us know
So Parker Bryan or one of those old guys will let us know
Anyway, Larry Hovis, who?
I could say but then I'd be lying
Stars from Hogan's Heroes, it says in its facts, they're dropping like flies
Well, goddamn man, he's just a hell of a lot of that death going on, you know what?
What are all these calls on here? I got just too much stuff
We only got till 1230 and then you know me
1230
I'd like to get a few of these idiots on, here's Poppano, hello
Hi, Dale
Yes sir, how are you sir?
I'm doing great
Good, the first time I've ever called, I usually don't have time to call you, I work for a living
Right
And one thing you really are, you're a very funny guy in fact
I'm a too bright, I don't even understand how you can attract an audience with you both you and Georgia, extremely intelligent, bright
Yeah, I don't know how you get an audience down here
I wanted to discuss a little bit about this religious fanaticism and how the interest is to the world
Take all the time you like
Yeah, I don't know if you're a fan of Bill Mars
No, I think Bill Mars is an asshole but anyway
But basically he said that the religious fanaticism is dangerous
So the Islamic fanaticism is very dangerous because we feel like they can just blow themselves up and take everyone else with them
The Christian fundamentalists are at least amusing, at least they're not there
They're amusing? Well ask the abortion doctors who got shot and killed while they're amusing or not
Take everyone with them
Yeah, I'm not a sh**
Ask all the people who died in the crusades and in the Spanish Inquisition if it was amusing, have a nice day sir, don't call me again
What is this guy? Do I need to Bill Mars fan?
Bill Mars is such an asshole
No, I don't want this guy to take it personally because he likes us but his call is horrible
So keep listening, we hope you'll listen but your call was protested and unacceptable
And it's just unconscionable that you would say Shazkrab about the fundamentalist Christians are amusing
Not only are they not amusing, they're annoying, they're obnoxious, they're dangerous, they're crazy people
And this is what the problem is is that America takes it all too lightly
We're talking about religious extremists, see this is the reason that the mainstream media because they're so afraid to lose sponsors and offend anybody
That's why this whole thing with 9-11, there's very little discussion about religious extremism except the course with Muslim extremists
Yeah, they're the only bad ones
Right, they're the only bad ones and you recall that people like Billy Graham, Sun, Franklin Graham and all these others in the beginning
We're making these grotesque as usual comments about Islam
And oh well that's really a violent religion and all that stuff, you know
As opposed to Christianity and the other ones
And Judaism which the Jewish God was telling them to like smite all of their enemies, make sure they don't miss any, you know
Religion is sick, it's not a debatable point
I mean, you people that are brainwashed and can't mentally emancipate your brains from all the religious indoctrination and bull crap
Hey, I understand, it's not easy
From the moment that you're old enough to understand even before you really comprehend they start hockin and bangin' it in there and bangin' it in there
That's what the altar bar said, they keep bangin' it in there
Correct them, that's right
Don't get soar about it
But it's just, oh Christian, now what is this?
This is a vision of the cap of what is Bob Eisenberg, this guy is on top of stuff, man since we got him that new piece from Czech Alphairi
You almost think he has some clue what he's doing
Hey, by the way Bob, you're an asshole too
Remember those days? Sure, down on the second floor of Bob Eisenberg running around telling people I was an F&A school
He got his record, he got to know you though
Yeah, he got to know me, he got to know me as a real asshole
I'm an asshole Bob and I'm proud of it, how do you like that? Then Bob and me
Doesn't bother me, I'm an asshole with a big fat paycheck twice a month
Including today, Clarence I hope, it better be there, it better be showing up sweetheart
Clarence, who's a real big all of a sudden trying to hold people's money back like poor Scott Jr. there
Yeah, the audience has heard this, they know the game, what is this pop it'll be to allegedly
See, this time, you didn't put it on there
See Scott, don't pay attention what George tells it because George is a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad, a bad person who gets too emotional
He starts writing down a bunch of numbers, he gets all wild, you know
He just got to calm down, he's got a few more doggy downers before the show would be good
But when you put on there like question mark and the ass sure stuff like that and then you keep putting it on
Are you notice how those people disappear?
Yes
You want to know why they disappear?
Tell me, because I hang up on them
I thought so
I see
Here's Pomfano Beach allegedly, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, is this a real call?
It's a real call
I see
Yes
Well, I wanted to make a comment about GW first and say that
Yes
I was pretty upset when the whole election thing went down
Can barely hear this call for some strange reasons Scott, yes go ahead
Anyways, I was upset about the election but I had no idea what we were in store for
And just really pisses me off when I think about all that
But as far as your poll today goes, I have a suggestion for you
Okay
And why don't you add poll building shows to the reason why people like to listen?
The reason why people listen?
Yeah
Because they like to poll building shows
Well, I think the choice could be I like Neil's poll like Hank says
There you go
I think it's become a central part of the show
It has
Give a chance for us to say whether we like it or not
Right
Okay, well let's stick it right on there
Thanks, Neil
Thanks a lot, Pally, have a great day
It wasn't a good call on line 9 Scott, you keep hanging up on those people on line 9
I like Neil's poll
Yeah
Huh?
I hope he's you
I know
Don't say hey listen Mr.
You're supposed to be if this is like a Mickey and Isaac conversation you know what I'm talking about?
Well, George has to make it pictures you don't
Just remember me the puppeteer you the lemon
Oh, I know
Yeah, I'll get Mickey on your answer
Okay, now what's the I'm the puppet master beta so what are we putting on here now?
I like Neil's poll
That's cute, you know, that's good, but if he goes LL or he can spell the however
I'm okay if people are too stupid to understand it then we can't be bothered
That was a good call
I suggest you answer that was a good guy see
I'm like the guy before him that would mend well that you know
Evidently thinks he's intelligent, but he's telling me to Christian it a fundamentalist Christianity now
Maybe I didn't let him finish do you think so no he was no he was serious. Yeah, I waited a second to see if like he was going to there was some
Some gag or some pun or something
So sarcastic don't want to want me to believe that crap about fundamentalist Christians are humorous. They're not humorous
They're pathetic. They're dangerous. They're crazy people who's responsible for this war right now
Are you not can W again? Yes good
192 votes which of these best describes why you listen to the Neil Rogers show for liberal talking a few laughs 73
Neil is the radio god
No, god 57
Cinque c'est yet de
For humor 41 there's nothing else on seven
I love the crank callers six
I hate Neil but I can't turn it off four and I'm a QM listener
Four as in what you be listening four and we're adding on there. I like Neil's poll
For a while for many years for a few minutes for a few seconds until I can't stand it no mo
1041 at 560 W2QM VIP sportsbook.com is the best in town and man
We got a zillion sports books advertising on his station now
But there's only one at you to be doing business with because of the best
You know 99% of the other sports books are just there are bunch of bookies in the jungles of Costa Rica hanging out somewhere
You'll be lucky if you ever see him again
So this year move up and clash to VIP sportsbook.com. It's the oldest and the largest sports book in the most prestigious
Netherlands, Holland, Amsterdam
100% legal in license two like just about everything there was legal in license or not
Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com now
1-866 VIP bets because they're the best in South Florida available anywhere
Sign up right now and you can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams juice free all year long
You want to bet on the dolphins? Good luck to you. It's 100 to 100
You want to bet on the Huracans? It's 100 to 100 so forget about the VIG
All side you notice how these gambling these professional degenerate gamblers they have their own lingo, you know
Forget about the big VIG. All side of skin at 20% cash bonus not some funny money a match play bonus that you get out of the jungle
VIP sportsbook.com that's where you find them online or column tool free at 1-866 VIP bets
Be sure you told them you heard about it here on most prestigious sports obsessive QIM
866 VIP bets for VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP
We're sports radio 5-6-7-2-a-m
I'll get me fired up when I hear someone say that
I think I heard someone say that
I'm
46 thank you mr. President for those low gas prices I can't get that punk out of my mind I call that day you know about the
Glorious free freeing of the Iraqi people and the lowering of the gas prices at asshole man what a bush liquor
Suicide bomber kills three people in Iraq as the carnage goes on other American soldier died this morning trying to get the little more information about that
But it's just becoming so routine like murders in Miami that they don't even report much on it anymore. You know what I'm saying?
That's old unless you catch the blurb on there real quick. You don't even know another US soldier dead
But this is a separate story a suicide bomber exploded in SUV outside the US intelligence headquarters killing three other Iraqis and wounding dozens including four Americans a Kurdish security official said today
The US military and Baghdad had said six Americans were wounded later said four intelligence officers were hurt along with the Kurdish
Peshmerga guard at the building you know those Peshmerga's who the Kurdish official who spoke on condition you know
I was taking yesterday again. I could go off on a long rant. We don't have time today
But how is it possible that the public is so God them stupid like the thing with a Taliban all of those years went on nobody gave a fly and
Fig about the Taliban about the women with the burkas about they couldn't listen to the music how repressive they were and about the
The Spartan existence that these people were forced to live on nobody cared until after 9 11
Then all of a sudden we started seeing eight billions to every day there were like a whole other whole bunch of stories about 30 men at the Taliban and a repression that the
Foyce did on the poor Afghan people did any how many people in America really give a fly and crap about Afghanistan don't tell me about 30
And we wouldn't like five right hey even the Afghan hounds didn't care about it the brownie hounds didn't care about God in Afghanistan
It couldn't fight it on a map with both hands
Nope and then all of a sudden here comes the American I'm going to tell you right now the American media are the enablers
There were the ones who enabled Kenny star and all the right-wing Republicans do all that penis gate with Bill Clinton
There were the ones who made the whole big son of dance and made it possible for us to get as far as all that impeachment crap and waste millions of dollars of your tax money
And are the same ones who are letting this asshole off the hook who just raised another three million bucks down here in Florida over the last couple days
This great shame on you as Michael Moore would say but in this case I'm talking about the freaking American media
It's a pretty sad commentary when it takes Tammy Fade into the truth
The media is sick and they've got badly
The media sick and we need help badly that's the problem
Anyway the answer all Islam organization with suspected ties to Belkaita was formerly based near some place that I can't pronounce about 30 miles east of Urbila near the Iranian border
And so headquarters was bombed by US jets during the war surviving members of the group were thought to have fled to Iran
They're now believed to have returned to Iraq which is now becoming a hotbed of terrorist activity
Which it wasn't before we started the Iraq attack the Operation Iraqi Freedom
Right
How do you like them apples huh?
I'm saying that again don't let me say that anymore don't say I'll hit you know my argument
We all do that we get on for some of the running sticks in your mind if Sam it
Don't let me do that no more okay
Because some things I mean after well gets to be irritating even though it might be true like I think I have herpes like most say an
At this morning I think I heard that mall that would be irritating that would be I think I heard
Especially herpes on a scalp under his I think he just I think he had a scalp glued on too tight
That's why it was out yesterday. So he's got herpes under his feet appeal it off
How is that pull coming this is our first pull we got the important one this is just you know just for clarification
I think it's kind of interesting don't you once in a while no you know you don't like this pull of course
I like this pull well no when you get me crap nice. I'm like Scott there. I see you trained him bad you trained him so badly
Hey Scott paint no attention to George
Venerable was paying attention to George look what happened to him so he wasn't
226 votes so far which of these best describes why you listen to me or Roger show for liberal talking a few laughs 84
I think I think that covers it right sure
The other four god 65 for a humor 48 there's nothing else on 10
For people who don't like dr. Laura and Russian all the other crap that's on when we're on but that's a good excuse
That's why I put it there. I love the crank callers 9. I'm a QM list of six pretty weak Duff and clearance pretty weak
You should be bringing us more to the table than that if we had
All right, we were on like a talk station. I'm not talking sports talk
You know like I would be used to be right was great for about five minutes
If we wanted that then we'd be siphoning a tremendous number of listeners from the other shows on a station and we could get instead like a 10 or 11
Sure and then we could go third man right but we're stuck with whatever we got
I hate Neil but I can't turn it off for and I like Neil's pole which Eric being very cute spelled P O L E crossed it out
Put P O L Q Eric. He's getting almost too good. You know it's scary. He's great. He the Eric is great
So we take it see this goes to show you as long as you're still breathing. It's never too late to be rehabilitated
Absolutely, no, not you Moe. You're there's no hope for you. It's too late
Carol King wrote that song. It's too late now
Number the name of the song. It's too late
Yeah, it wasn't any of the song you know like Carl King. She couldn't see you out of a paper sack
Why did she write she wrote some good songs though? Carol King like a hundred did she well about there
She wrote a lot of music Carol King she couldn't sing for a Schmidt kind of like Bob Dylan Bob Dylan wrote great music though
And couldn't sing at all. No, we not a note just annoying and whiny
FCC says Howard Stern's Ronsky Radio show is a news program. How do you like that?
Nice going howie
When you think about news shows what comes to mind it says there's meetings on CNN's the website
There's meat the press and face the nation of course if you do a good job on meat the press. Oh
Yeah rule the world. That was another memorable call that that asshole
Oh, oh, you know something this this you just facts me that was gonna. Oh
This is gotta be on a pool. Oh, we'll have to leave this up there till like 11 30 or something
Do you want to know why I know why this is sunny Fox? I listen to your Rogers because I can hear the word asshole right
Because I like to hear the word asshole that Eric I hate to force you to pull one more on here. It's my bad
Because here's the facts from Ralphie uses I listen to your show because I like to hear the word asshole
So that's that's the other choice center because I like to hear the word asshole speaking of which I saw guy wearing a t-shirt that said my mother
Told me I could be anything I wanted to be I decided to be an asshole
To which we say oh yeah, what's wrong with that? What's wrong with being an asshole?
Anyway getting back to this story about Howard Spurm the Federal Communications Commission rule yesterday that Howard's Ronsky Radio program is a
Bonified news interview program
The decision was in response to request made by the New York based Infinity Broadcasting Inc
Which wanted a ruling that it's widely syndicated Stern show as a news program an exempt from equal time requirements for political candidates
The decision will allow Stern to put actor Arnold Schwarzenegger on the air without having to offer
Equal time the discourse of other candidates running for governor in California
Siting an 84 decision that the qualified the Donahue talk show for news exemption and of course
Don't you always think generally a Phil Donahue and Howard Stern like in the same vein? Oh, I've got a difference being that Howard is still on the year
The FCC said there should be room for less conventional interview formats to increase coverage of the political process
Since the Donahue decision other news interview programs are segments there are with unique and innovative format elements such as the Sally Jesse Raphael show
Jerry Springer and politically incorrect with the anxious idiotic Bill Mar have qualified for the news interview
You know Bill Mar is just a putts, you know, I wouldn't even say he's an asshole. He's a putts
He's just very he's ineffectual. He's like a poor man's dick cabin, right?
I can't stand it. He's just a wimpy little nerdy guy
I know that stupid that stupid book about if you ride alone you're riding with Osama
I mean what a stupid bunch of crap, you know and then Ariana Huffington who lately has been writing some good stuff
But you know what what what what what was the one that she wrote her and she said the same thing
Something like that right some of some of you driving us you be your a terrorist something like that some similar kind of crap
Can't stand Bill Mar
See pull it and then hold politically incorrect thing to people well, you know, he's he's anti-established man big deal who cares
So for often the so's Ralph Nader what what he do for us?
Look what he helped us get look what he let all you people have voted for Nader in 2000 shame on you man
Shame on you including Michael Moore as much as I love Michael Moore
He voted for Nader and speaking of Donahue. He not only voted for Nader
He was banging the drums. He was the the cheerleader
It is pom-poms out
Remember that I do I mean you know
I'm not saying that Ralph Nader doesn't have some very good points
But the point the point is that what's the sense of throwing your vote away?
So and it isn't that what I was screaming back then I was screaming look what we got now
You want a janko look what we got you warned everybody I warned you
You vote for Nader and throw your photo wait
It'll be close enough they can like weasel this thing in there and they weasel their way in man
There's nothing worse than a god damn weasel. That's what they did
Sneak this bunch of god go in here again the bush your mysters
See this is supposed to be a democracy
Not a goddamn monarchy and between the Kennedys and the Rockefellers and the bushes you see what it's all about
Handful a very very dubious suspicious wealthy families who acquired their wealth most of them through a by hook and mostly by crook
Just like Joe Kennedy with his goddamn bootleg
By the way, how's Brian Reese's toe doing?
Every time I hear that I think
I said Brian greasy. I don't know why I don't know
Well, maybe he's got it maybe spent a lot of time in Amsterdam. He belches a lot
I have told you by the way that in Amsterdam it's considered to be in
It's not considered in to be rude or in bad taste to belts in public in fact, it's like
Yeah, it's just part of the ambiance. Great. You know that no. I do know well now you know that
Just think about and there were about 400 people showed up at that protest yesterday
We'll get to that like I said we got a lot of stuff a lot of fish to fry and so little time
So little time plus we got these great calls their whole bunch of money
Which we might get to or not as the case maybe I'll get to you just relax. Okay. You got nothing else going on there
Did we add the other a category on air because they want to hear the word asshole?
We got that under yet. Yes one vote already for that. That's my bad. We should add on there right from the beginning
Probably sending Fox voted
1056 at 560 WQM announcing a brand new a spectacular
2003 neo-Ranger's blowout sale going on right now at Haleth Pontiac GMC
Get the lowest prices in the universe for my good post personal friends Tom Laman and Joe Prieto
Neil deal number one you can save you up to $7,000 with a highest rebates of the year plus deep discounts
I mean really deep
Neil deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five years listen to this Lisa
2003 Grand Prix GT 2 for only 279 bucks a month for 36
months with 12,000 miles a year and two grand out of pocket is all you put down
How it's also got great deals on you cons and analyses too
Tom and Joe invited to the chest drive any vehicle on the lot and received two tickets to this Saturday's hurricanes game against East Carolina
Another girl school hurry and though because applies are limited and of course how it's also got a great selection certified pre on cars
Traction SUVs. You know what I'm gonna say next because we always tell you because a lot of people are nervous about shopping for a car
Because they have the you know marginal credit or maybe their income is kind of limited like George
But if you have credit problems, it's not a problem at hell because the whole idea that being in business is they want to save you a vehicle
It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at hell at potty XEMC
134 one soft Dixie highway if you haven't been here
I have no idea why because they've been there forever on US one right across from the falls open every day seven days a week
If you want more info call the Neil deal hotline toll free at 1.88
5344-211 you want to know why they listen to the show because they're obsessed
That's 1.883-440-11 don't forget all Neil deals subject to credit approval see the folks at hell is for details
Halibut Pony at GMCR professional grade
You drudge back in
Well I was driving down 95 the other night
Somebody nearly took me right off the road
I decided wasn't going to do any good to get mad
It's a road a song about them instead
It goes like this
Where do you want an asshole or did you work in your whole life
Either way it worked out fine because you're an asshole tonight
Yes you're an A SSH OLE are you and don't you try to blame this on me
You deserve all the credit you're an asshole tonight
We're an asshole yesterday you're an asshole tonight
I've got a feeling you'll be an asshole the rest of your life
You
Oh I was talking to your mother just the other night
I told her I bought you an asshole she said yes I think you're right
You're all your friends are asshole because you know that you're a whole life
And somebody told me you've got an asshole for a life
We're even more than asshole or did you work in your whole life
Either way it worked out fine because you're an asshole tonight
I want to give you a kiss hold tonight
Have a loss did baby
You got that magic touch
Love it 04560 WDQ William I think sometimes I'm just going to stop it and just sit here you know
Okay
For like about a half an hour and just with a suspense we'll build and build it
You'll be able to smell it from coast to coast this is a great fact you just said me I love this fact it is a great fact
It says I heard you mentioned the other day that Rocky and Bullwinkle was a great show
The first season has been released on DVD two complete stories
Jet Fuel Formula and Box Top robbery along with fractured fairy tales narrated by Miss Edward Everett Horton and Mr. Peabody
It's a brilliant hilarious show way ahead of its time and you are absolutely correct
The facts goes on to say I listen to your show for a humor and read the website for news
So-called liberal conservative talk is contrived and boring
And then here comes the good part and again a thought a knock on the goddess but he's he's right
Someone like Randy has her heart in the right place but she's just spinning her wheels especially in this town
She had organized buses yesterday to take protest
Just the only thing you all the intas were saying was Randy the bus doesn't have air conditioning
He's gonna give herself a coronary embolism for nothing sir you again you are absolutely correct
You have a great fact in the history of broadcasting
Randy like the guy says your heart's in the right place and you know you're spinning your field
Can we spin the wheel?
Now speaking of Miss Fudge
Remember the guy that called yesterday and was all bent out of shape about whoopie Goldberg and I said hey if you don't like whoopie Goldberg don't watch the show
I sure didn't
But guess what?
What?
Whoopie upset it was rated the top show of the night
High fives in studio city Miss Fudge says this morning as NBC whoopie pulled the biggest audience in prime time last night
With a 12.5 rating in a 20-year despite cat calls from the critics the sitcom had more than double the viewership of its nearest competitor
It scored nearly three times the audience of anybody else in New York City in the 8 p.m. Times lab with a 14 rating in a 22 share in WNBC
Nearly one out of four homes in New York with TVs to an arm or two into Goldberg
Whoopie it was at Hank Goldberg
Hey, stupid
Whoopie scored a 20 share in LA 19 Chicago 20 in Philly 25 in Houston ruled a 26 share in Vegas
How do you like that says Miss Fudge
What does that tell you there's something really really sick and wrong with America if people are watching whoopie Goldberg
I'm I'm seriously I can't I get physically ill but I'm just she's nauseating yeah
Plus I have an aversion to the whole roster locks thing anyway I mean Goldilocks I don't mind but the roster locks I just I can't look at it
So I somebody would like real cartoon red here like carrot like carrot top that kind of I can't handle it
That doesn't make them a bad person necessarily although they usually are
President Bush collects three million dollars at Florida fundraisers oh this this makes me want a puke
Oh, yeah, I'm mighty
Yesterday was a three million dollar day for L president day is his reelection campaign into fundraising jackpot by a bunch of crackpots in Jacksonville and Fort Lauderdale
The twin Florida fundraisers brought in a half a million dollars more than the Bush team had expected to pick up
The events propelled the president's reelection campaign coffers past the 62.4 million dollar mark
The centerpiece of his four list are article by the way the Sun sent a written by the umptuous and highly homophobic and disgusting looking buddy nevans speaking of assholes
The centerpiece of his four-law to nail visited less than four hours was at a crowded reception at the high at pier 66
Resort on the 17th Street Causeway for two grand of person about 500 contributors got cocktails or durers and the president's 25-minute speech
Across the street about 400 demonstrators chanted slogan some of them obscene body points out against the president and the war in Iraq
And one of the few large South Florida protest rally since the start of the war
There were some of the things that were yelling were Randy there's no air conditioning on this freaking bus
Where's the early bird?
Bush outlined his achievements to largely Republican audience in a well-secured ballroom
He was repeatedly interrupted by a plosening talked about the war on terrorism
The president was introduced by his brother the extraordinarily anxious governor Jeb Bush who told the crowd
Imagine what the world would look like if my brother wasn't elected in 2000
You know that really you know something yeah what what are we talk about football?
I want to read that line. I might just read it over and over again till a ballgame starts
Imagine what the world would look like if my brother wasn't elected in 2000
Which of course first of all he wasn't elected that's number one but number two and you know what this is?
See my psychic powers again
I was talking before about the art car funkosong what a wonderful world this would be
Yeah, sandcook song that he stole
Imagine what a wonderful world this could be without L president day without this one
If they wouldn't have been able to steal the election with their friends and they super cool
I think there's a prince on it peace
Yeah!
Donald!
No that's my Bush allergies act and up again man I'm allergic to Bush
Okay let's wrap up this first poll and get the important one on here as we try to solve the problems of the world here
Wow!
290 votes
I want to start a kid to 300 what are you saying?
Okay
300 in an hour is pretty heavy duty don't you think?
No question
Anyway we got 290 right now which in these best describes why you listen to the Elijah show I want read it till we get to 300
Imagine what the world would look like now if my brother wasn't elected in 2000
That Jeb what a sense of humor huh?
What a real comedian
Jeb Bush!
Back to the moon!
Yeah
Now he did it to us
He had grouped sex with the entire state of Florida Jeb
And then of course he says well I've got devious plans for that for that constitutional at the school size amendment
Then the public passes it and he starts unleashing his devious plans and tries to like twerk the world of the public
Like you guys didn't really mean this did you?
I mean he comes right out he gets caught on tape saying he screwed a public okay I've got some devious plans for that
And the public says hey we like that let's put you back in the rigged
I'm starting to wonder if maybe Janet might have done a little bit better than Bill's make bride
You think?
No
How is that possible?
How can the electorate in Florida be so guided and stupid are they a bunch of mug ones?
Sure
I forgot
Man that's astonishing to me it's amazing
Here's the good news though
Right on the heels of that about him raising the three million bucks
He hasn't got a child in his chance if you like somewhere tomorrow against any Democrat
I don't know who that was they could bring back George McGovern again they could dust off water Mondale who lost him in a soda even and he still would be bush
With a sweeping 61 vote the Santa Cruz California City Council became the first local government in the country yesterday to ask Congress to look into a peaching president bush
Yeah
It's time for us to open up this can of worms of councilman Tim Fitz Morris
No relation to Morris Gibb late in grade
I was butchered in a month's sarnight
City leaders say bush violated international treaties by going to war in Iraq and that the president manipulated public fierce to justify the war and undercut constitutional rights and he is
Absolutely correct
The resolution authorizes Santa Cruz Mayor Emily Riley to send letter to the House Judiciary Committee chairman James Sensenbrenner asking if bushes committed any impeachable offenses that could lead to his ouster
Or let's only hope
The council vote came in pack chambers were supporters of the resolution lined the walls some carried signs that read honor the constitution impeachment now
Oh
And God bless and keep bush out of power
What do you like that?
I like it a lot
The settlement of those signs was echoed by members of the council the vote again was six to one
I happen to think what's going on is a high crime in Mr. Meener
But let's leave that to the US Congress to decide said councilman in US and you see Santa Cruz professor Mike Rocken
Tom Mullin a retired dentist was one of three people at the meeting was spoke out against the resolution
It's not an issue that the city council should be involved in this just serves to divide the community he be saying
Such divisive political stands aren't unusual in the coastal town a year ago Santa Cruz became the first of what was well to 165 city councils
To oppose the war against Iraq
Santa Cruz was also one of more than a hundred cities declaring its opposition to the patriarch
So did Broward County but the local papers didn't want you to know about unless you're up to two minutes still midnight
You assholes at the Sun Center you scumbags you low-lights you degenerates and in April the city in County of Santa Cruz
So the DEA in attorney general John Askrop marking the first time a public entity is so the federal government on behalf of patients who need medical marriage a weeny
So we love Santa Cruz California
Oh right
You betcha
Some people with some real balls okay not a bunch of pansies who just rule over and play dead every time the guy didn't government goose steps in their backyard
We love Santa Cruz right
Almost as much as we love Freddy Cruz
And the quiet storm
From it it's past 11 at 560 WQ and my couldn't worked up again. Hey, that's not good. Yeah, it is it is well to short show anyway
That's right. It's a short show. It's a short life. We got those bits in 15 minutes and of course a short shelf life
We got what?
You're bad
No, I'm not going to do that. That would be so you would do it. You would do it
That's one bad good reason it's your time's up with that summer crap. Hey, if you're underpaid like poor George and Scott there who's like not just underpaid
He's just not paid
He's just a peon if you've had a people peeing on you
Here's the deal get you a new career and then you might start making some real cash call our friends at fast train right now
And find out how you can do it before the end of the year in fact
You can be trained and certified in a great new money making career in the computer field call 1 866 fast train
The demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow thank goodness
So there's no better time than the present to obtain a new high paying career and a big fat paycheck and like change your life for the better
Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient evening weekend schedules and with six Florida locations including four in South Florida
There is bound to be I bet Scott's life on it a fast train nearby you fast train offers financial assistance to guys who qualify as well
So call fast train today have no more excuses to stay to that end job because here's a chance to really alter your life
Check them on the web at fast train.com and then call them tool free 1 866 fast train
Line and local your sports radio 560s you a.m
You're supposed to mark that I am afraid those little green men are going to invade from Mars
Look up at Mars it's getting so bright you should have a blackout and still have plenty of light from Mars
Better watch out for Mars your leaders coming to earth go in in California and he comes up in her from Mars
I'm looking at Mars I see someone so clear holy cow is the time he's hiding up there on Mars
1118 at 560 W2 in the Marlin game coming up Marlins on deck at 1235 to Marlins at the Mets at 110 of the big game they're all big from here on in only 17 games left in the irregular season their time for the wild card with a Philesia dead flat tie
You got the hump or act at a Marlin game for to seven or whatever the game ends the whole boy Hank could have a tough assignment today maybe also a whole three hours
Ricky William show 7 to 8 any interest in that no not after that game the big oh from 8 to 10 Orlando Alza query
8 to 10 to 2 June Mark overnight June Mark who said in my chair of it only that was one of the most juvenile calls that asshole that punk they call before
Yeah but again that's the kind of people that they attract unfortunately you're how many of them they got
Doctor the man what Neil Neil John Mark fighting the chair yeah like a child anyway here's the final result on her first pool today other than George W. Bush who is the most dangerous man in the world today
Oh that was great see that's the second pool but Eric when he like makes the shift on air yeah he changes the head the head around here if I can say that before he changes the that's great
and I got sucked into it I got sucked into it the first pool is well which of these best describes why you listen to the Elijah show for liberal talking a few last 116
Neil is the radio guide oh god 86 of course for humor 61 I love the crank callers 13 there's nothing else on 11 I'm a QM listeners 7 2.3% pretty lame I hate Neil but I can't turn it off 6 because I like to hear the word asshole 3 and I like Neil's pool only 1
I thought that guy had a good suggestion but nobody else did apparently what I'm saying he's right the pool is an important part of the show but that's not why they listen and anyway here's the second pool since it is such an important part of the show
other than George W. Bush who is the most dangerous man in the world today now here's my list so far you can add to it of course as you want or not as a case maybe
Osama bin Laden Osama your mama Dick Taney Donald Rumsfeld Mohawar David Neil Rogers Kim Jong Il or Rush Limbaugh I think that's a good list oh yeah
huh covered I don't think it's covered I think there might be a few others on there which I don't that I just mention them because then people won't call in with them
other than G. W. Bush who is the most dangerous oh geez I'm so obvious God the Pope you're out can I leave you pop off of there huh the big potato the Pope a man a silly old man in a dress God
all of he is a really snappy dresser and I sure love that miter and that schmata that he's got other than George W. Bush the most dangerous man in the world today
Osama bin Laden Dick Taney Donald Rumsfeld Mohawar David Neil Rogers Kim Jong Il Rush Limbaugh or the Pope the Pope who smokes the fat rope 5 6 7 0 5 6
60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I'll be got some time to sit back and relax take a whole bunch of really great calls between now in 12 30
here's Fort Lauderdale hello Neil yes sir your next poll should be Jeb's question what would the world be like if his BDI to ask whole of a brother hadn't been selected to the White House
that's a good that's a good suggestion now also I have a opinion and a story of a new story I disrespectfully disagree with your previous caller who said that the mentalist Christians were amusing they are as dangerous and as big of threat
that the freedom and life in the United States as any other group of religious fundamentalist wackos in the world absolutely correct
the news story is from Alabama here it talks about how the governor's request for a tax increase was rejected despite the fact that he told the voters of Alabama that it was their Christian duty to help the poor
by shifting the burden of paying taxes more to the people who could afford paying taxes and the comment in the paper was from a political expert in Alabama that Christians do believe but they also vote their pocketbooks
so what does that tell you about who their God really is and once again Alabama leading the nation in idiocy well don't forget Jojo yeah well and the city as well did you listen to the democratic debates last night I did not they had some good lines and one of the questioners asked the candidates what their favorite song was yeah
and Al Sharpton had the best answer he said his favorite song was the theme song of the Republican party talking loud and saying nothing by James Brown you take care of you to you to it like it is hanging there probably have a great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the new pull is up by the way
you pull is up we only have four votes on air mohauer David moves into a quickly that's bad that's terrible I just put him on her kind of like is a gag no dick chain he just hopped over him well he hopped over because he don't want to catch no herpes here's Miami Beach hello
and Neil yes sir yeah we have to stop well why do you care for all sports and I agree the governor of California because you have to ask me that question well look let me just say one thing let me ask you this question what's the biggest state in the U.S.
Alaska no I'm not talking about the size geographic I'm talking about in population California yeah so in other words you don't think it says something about the U.S.
somewhere the public is going if we elect some stupid ass movie actor is governor that guy could bench 400 pounds at all all great he could bench 400 assholes is what he said there you go he could bench 400 pounds well in that case what about the Jack Lalein he used to bench like 420 you you symboled him what look at the right
there that was that was the by take back what I said before that was the best call of the century right there that was a reason I listen to this show plus I like the patient there's a new
criteria for president I think right in fact maybe he could sit on the Supreme Court someday because he's good on the bench 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line another ball buster we're going to bust your balls Neil oh it feels so good just like what's his name like hungry Bogart like Captain
Queen I'm squeezing him right now I'm rolling him like Mike Disney used to do his role in him squeezing him now this is Tampa on here now Scott are you positive with that to do double check and triple check
because we don't like calls from Tampa because they start talking about Tampa and Orlando radio crap like that here's Tampa hello
Hi good morning Neil yes sir why not to you yeah I'm not not actually in Tampa but I live in Naples I think it's Jim Chung Neil
yeah Jim Chung Neil yeah yeah I think he's one of them pretty dangerous what do you think oh man I love this show you know it most of the paycheck but I sure love moments like these we've had such a such a wide
paycheck yeah it's really been great it's been phenomenal and we got another hour to go till the pregame show you
ain't heard nothing yet just wait these people are coming up with a great Z material today and Z standing for no question 26 past 11 at 5 60 WQM your
hysteria station for the new millennium and hey lace we're having a few laughs today you know I mean tomorrow's 9 11 the
anniversary it's choice records birthday could be the end of the world you never know some crap
something's gonna happen tomorrow you people that sit on our pool from yesterday nothing's gonna happen tomorrow guess what
something is gonna happen tomorrow there's no question about it somebody's gonna take a big dump or somebody's gonna have bad
constipation probably my mother how low can those interest rates go man now the financial group is doing that famous limbo rock
under the lowest refinance rate that's where I look under the bottom of your door and they're peaking in there doing the limbo rock
how does this sound 1.95% it's true now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low 1.95%
financing rate with financial group column today 1 800 940 land if you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real
estate you really ought to be checking this out before you do anything call 1 800 940 land talk about savings
list of these 100 thousand alone you pay only 368 bucks a month a 200 thousand out of all your payments
736 bucks a month jump change so call financial group at 1 800 940 land to get the low
low amazing rate that you've been searching and looking and praying for 1.95% from financial group
column today tool free be sure mention Todd Dreck to a did you call 1 800 940 land that's financial
group at 1 800 940 L.E. and D the Reneku housing letter credit restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly
5.19 APR
4.75 votes are second poll this is the main poll of the day this is the main event 74 votes
on here already other than George W. Bush who's the most dangerous man in the world today dig change
17 don't see too much of dick down to the rumsfeld's the 14 yesterday Mo Howard David and the
Pope are in a flat footed time how do you like that ever see the two together no
Mo Howard David it probably because the thread he might spread the Z's I think I've heard
these yeah that makes them dangerous right there forget about that terrible show knows bad ratings
Mo Howard David and the Pope 9 apiece or some of it and say my here here here do
well some have been lot in eight Kim Jong Il eight nobody knows who that is a Neil Roger six
and Rush Limbo four somebody says put Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell on her right away thank you
Ben and mine how you been that's a good suggestions right there Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell
speaking of dangerous fundamentalist Christian lunatics leading this down the erode the hell in a
hand basket for fun and profit by the way I guess Pat Robertson was really all better to shape
about poor Chuck Taylor there in Liberia you know hope all those diamond deals he had going
you know Pat Robertson all of his quick friends over there in Africa I just mentioned that in passing
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line here's four lottery oh hello
hello Neil yes sir first two things I have I have somebody I want to put on your poll all right
Janet Reno is the most dangerous man in the world okay next second thing
the second thing that color that called in about Arnold Swoll and Packer I don't think he's been
400 pounds in ten years okay well that's a hell of a call man
by the way Eric don't put Janet Reno on there it's just a little fun I think I's trying to
a little a little a lane humor five six seven oh five sixty I the reason I mention that is because
anything you could mention it because Eric is being so efficient you've seen it happen it just
all the sudden pops right up there on a pool he's gonna be picked up for Janet although she
certainly a lot more much within the pope uh where we going cool cables hello good morning
the hour yes sir good morning to you I've got one for your poll okay Richard Pearl not choice
doctor death didn't he when I see that fundamentalist I get I have to go under the bed
no he's scary oh he sure is and if we put him on there we probably should put Paul Wolfowitz
uh well yeah they're they're connected at the hip right right over the calls by Ted Kennedy the
other day was great it was beautiful to see that wasn't it yes it was and uh you know I was
I have another point but I was distracted by that four hundred pound Arnold call oh yeah how beautiful
you know the read who the governor of a state is really isn't overall that important to the
rest of us in the country except for one thing just like in Florida the governor gets to pick
the secretary of state who then picks the secretary of elections like Catherine Harris those types
characters and that is the importance of the governor it isn't just that but the fact is that
it's again it's attempt by the right-wing lunatics but these people are wanting to subvert the
will of the public and overturn a legal election which is unusual in this country to have legal
legitimate elections anymore and then that's what it's all about it has nothing to do with
the great Davis and so they prop up this you know somebody was tremendous popularity because they
know that all the pop stars anybody who's a pop icon in this country for whatever reason is
almost unbeatable and that is Arnold you know I'm more on well but the purpose of it is to get a
hold of the electoral college votes of California which is that's great enough that ain't gonna have
well we'll see because you know listen I'll bet George and Scott's life on a right now to next
year's election George W's got as much chance of winning a California as you've got to finding
50 million cash in your backyard in that lottery ticket I agree with you but it is part of
their ongoing campaign that you were talking about and uh but uh something that I did see this
morning that was very disturbing that further confirms what you've been saying in my mind about
the press being fully beholden to this president in their campaign right as I was watching uh or
listing two in the background that American morning show on CNN that has Darren Kagan there
yeah and uh she cuts who Walter Rogers their correspondent in uh in Baghdad right sure you've
seen him yes I mean he gave the report on that poor soldier that was killed trying to disarm a
one of those improvised bombs and uh he reported that in the last 24 hours six of our troops have been
killed and I've been scouring everywhere all over the internet yeah where the hell is that still yes
yes this is I can't even find a story on the internet about the one the one soldier they're admitting
got killed yeah I'm just stunned by this at a time when the president is receiving a lot of
criticism for this 87 billion dollars on top of the hundred seven billion dollars in tax cut
well I don't hear too many people complain about that I'm just checking right now I'll read
to you they're finally they're finally admitting now two after days without an American fatality
two US soldiers were killed in separate incidents over the last 24 hours a US central command says
well Walter Rogers just confirmed that he had spoken with them at sent comm and six soldiers
according to his report this morning that six soldiers have died in the last 24 hours and for what
and for them that's the question we got American kids dying over there every single day they've
lied to now they're saying we have we have no idea how long you're going to have to be there
we have no idea when there's no end in sight that the war is really still going on as well
Wolfowitz said and this you know the public is for life to an Airbusy watching
whoopie Goldberg well I have one question to ask you and everyone else out there
if our troops want to come home and their tours of duty have been extended longer than the
contract that they have signed aren't they now technically conscripts you're asking me well I'm just
I'm just point throwing that out at this sort of like a point of order maybe for a consideration
point of order folks point of order I don't know somebody maybe knows the answer I don't know you
know aren't they technically conscripts and that they're there beyond their I think under the
opinion act and under the mandate of Donald Hermann Gehring-Rumsfeld they're going to be there
as long as we want them to be there regardless and that's true good luck to us all Neil thank you
I think I think it's the uh Scott junior philosophy we just decided they're going to be there
without pay have a great day sir be good yeah we're really taking good care of veterans aren't we
this administration so scandal the people in Santa Cruz are right man they got it right on the money
impeach today before this insanity go just gets to well already is totally out of control
87 billion yeah it's worth it and it has nothing to do with the war on terror as he keeps saying
nothing to do with it zero zippity doda the the P-neck people decided this holy rack attack
years ago we put even a stole a 2000 election but don't and of course you won't find that in the
mainstream media you won't find nothing about that I'll say it again without the media they are
complicit there are part of this all you media assholes out there and I know you listen
the people of the CNN bureau and Miami y'all listen to this show your bunch of lunatics your
vietnam it only went only went after the public went nuts mostly on college campuses first and then
finally when the public began realize how many thousands of kids were coming home in body bags and
they really totally turned against the war only then did the media finally decided like start telling
us the truth because if you wait here truth from the u.s government I'm not just talking about
bush I'm talking about anybody in the u.s government you wait here the truth you're going to wait a
long time till hell freezes over heavy duty for a hockey game and how about that Joe Nguyen Dyke
19 till noon at 5 60 wqm if you got a big ugly bald spot Joe Nguyen Dyke's got a bald spot in fact almost
all guys you know by the time they get to be in their 30s in fact maybe it's the dividing line when
I hear starts falling out look at Port Tom Brady oh I bet you don't have any here left after that
game last week if you're tired of constantly looking for the baseball cap to cover up for your
lack of here call my good friend Charles Alfieery I mean you can put a mousey looking weasel on your head
you can do any of those things but the best deal is get the natural hairline system the latest
technology the best looking one going anywhere at any price Charlie's been doing it for over 25
years for the rich the famous the infamous the shleppers because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day
guarantee you have nothing to lose but that bald spot if you don't love the way it looks and feels
after 30 days Charlie give you a full refund if you're not getting late at least three four five
times a day they'll give you your money back no questions asked call today and take advantage of
that $200 Neal Rogers discount too and keep in mind that Charlie's services and repairs all kinds
of hair systems while you wait only 25 to 30 bucks so the choices up to you there's a zillion
guys trying to prepare all kinds of hair holes in the head muskrats on the head you name it all
kinds of dangerous pills as well by the way to grow no hair and could be really harmful to your health
if you want to get you a great looking head of hair and look better and younger than you ever dreamed
again call Chuck Alfieery tool free today and check this out call 1-800-321-2413-183-124-13 or log
onto their website Charles Alfieery.com
and then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then then
