Anyway, let's check in with Neil. Neil, good morning.
Oh, it's gotten beast. I'm surprised beast showed up today. I thought he'd be in mourning for at least a week.
Yeah, you know, me too. And then the dolphins I had to coldson three. That got everybody all flustered yesterday.
You know what the beast binge for revenge. That's what Dr. Phil says.
Hey, you know what I went to, uh, hey, uh, Neil, I went to the Panther game the other night.
And they just got done six to two. Now let me ask you a question. How about those leafs?
Seven of what against the flyers. That was a nice performance. We meet little girls team last night.
Yeah, but I went to the game on Saturday. Actually there at that San Jose game, about 30.
It seemed to me that there was probably around. My guess was 12 maybe 10.
Get out of here. The paper said 13, which, okay, then there was nine eight or nine. Yeah. Yeah.
It was definitely I could have I could have actually played. I think at one point they were going to just
bring some people in from the goal of guarantee of that. Well, they were going to pick a certain seat.
And you could actually come down and do a shift. I guess the backup goal.
He ended human shields. Huh? No, he's not actually.
Uh, what is your guy? How's that?
Have a stroke? Well, when I've never heard of a guy that has a hat trick. There's a problem right there.
The hero Bernad have a stroke. I hope so. What do you mean? You never heard of Alan McColley?
X maple leaf make believe. Yeah, I know Alan McColley. He's the guy that I had.
Last night I came across the last hour by accident. I wish somebody would have called and told me,
hey, Neil, be sure to catch the three hour CBS special 75 years.
Oh, yeah, that was the network special. Was that good?
I saw the last hour. I would like to see the other two hours. But Carol Bernad, I think at a stroke,
she she looked a little like John Craig Chan. She was talking out of the corner of the course.
I'm big on that John Christian. He's a really great guy.
There's one thing he ain't no bush, Maister. Hey, how'd you think the dolphins looked yesterday?
I thought they look great. Well, today I'm predicting this one.
I'm seriously I'm predicting they want to make the playoffs.
I want to ask you this question very seriously.
But aren't we cursed down here?
We may be cursed, but I have a nice house.
I have a nice house, but I may actually be cursed. You know what I asked myself today that my
galt, look at this chick with this scene. I'm telling you. I want to go.
I want to go. I want to go.
The canes lose your boy Tom Brady with a nice ass better cover for me tonight is all I have to say.
Yeah, yeah, I'm doing Monday night.
About that game and how do you know he has a nice ass? Well, you've been telling me as a nice
ass and your little quarterback. Hey, your little quarterback and Notre Dame.
Come get hard there. The other one.
George is the one who's needy-pumpin' to ass.
How about your Notre Dame quarterback? They did a nice job against Florida State.
I loved it. That kid's ass is a great food.
Good good.
Pummeled. I love it.
I mean, if Notre Dame never won a game in any sport again, it would please me like crazy.
I was so happy with the dolphin loss yesterday with knocking my knees together.
I just couldn't believe it.
34 seed hasn't liked the dolphins either. She sits in her seat and cheers for the other team.
There's nothing about Brian Greese, man. He's got this problem.
He keeps falling down and dropping the ball.
Why do they keep showing?
Is that Brian?
Why do they show his dad in the game?
He's dead with a binoculars up there.
Yeah, well, who cares to look at him?
He's a little long in the tooth, old Bob.
He's like, okay, which team is my son on? Which team?
Which one is he?
I think listening to the...
Listening to him do the ABC games on Saturdays is torture.
Awful. He's brutal. He's so boring.
I told you I worked with him when you were a new M baseball tonight.
Oh.
I'm channel 33.
You were in baseball, so do you like the games at that point?
You're a ugly kid of the games. You know who his punky little ugly kid was?
Who?
Brian.
Brian, of course.
Yeah.
And he's just as ugly and I was he was then.
So how many people are dead now in Iraq?
Another one is in the air?
That's just this hour.
Yeah, that's just this hour.
When are people going to...
I was asking George this morning.
When are people going to start getting pissed off already?
I don't know, but...
How many more innocent Americans plus all the other Iraqis
that we don't care about?
How many more people have to keep dying over the street
and live before they finally say,
well, we made a mistake.
Hey, what's the story with the Episcopalians over there, Neil?
You happy with that scene?
Oh, I love it.
They're jamming right down their throat
if you're part of that expression.
Yeah, how about the cover of the USA Today?
Free speech is not allowed on campus.
I don't know what I'm saying because you're talking now.
You're getting the trouble.
I don't want to get you a...
Yeah.
You need to be making a nice comeback now.
Okay.
Well, as long as I get advised by you on how to deal with
the two-faced people around here, then I'll be all right.
You know, they say one thing and do another.
Listen to me.
I'm going to give you the same advice I give to Mad Dog and the Humperer.
They both took it very well and they're doing great.
But, all right.
Take the money right to the bank.
Just take the money to the bank and laugh all the way.
Okay.
I'm telling you.
I tried that every day in my goal in life now.
It's to slow down in my car and not die in a car wreck.
Live stress-free.
Just take the money straight to the bank.
Screw all the rest of it.
Do whatever the hell it will be.
I want to be a good boy.
I need to slow down a speed because I am a train wreck.
I am a road rage.
Take a lot of vacations.
I need a lot of vacation.
I need to...
I'm building my own studio now.
I'm selling them shows and I'm planning on...
Well, Michael is to take over the station maybe.
You and I fire all those people and running.
Hey, you off.
Here's the first thing you got to do is pay off.
Everybody's under contract starting with me.
And you and I are the only ones that know what we're doing anyway.
Don't leave out your good buddy mode.
Oh, now I'm suddenly...
Now that the Lucian's laughing in there,
he thinks he's the extraordinaire running the whole radio station.
He's going to come back with a clock and kill all of us.
Let alone run this.
Who's that?
Who's that?
That's Scott Delusional, I call him.
He's Delusional.
Oh, yeah.
He thinks I'm bad luck.
I'll say I'm bad luck.
What problem would Scott?
And that is that he's incredibly dumb.
Other than that, he's over there.
No, he can pick hockey scores.
I know that.
Yeah, he said the Panthers would get two on Saturday.
He was right about that.
He was the other one by four.
Yeah, I went...
That game was unbelievable.
I saw somebody go...
I was ordering a beer.
I saw three goals going.
They weren't ours.
It was Alan McCauley had to have three.
I know.
Never heard of it.
Well, there you go.
I knew who he was.
Now I played with your boy,
Caberlay and McCauley and all those fangs up there.
You know when Jack, 1967, I said fangs.
Oh, the way he went.
Fams.
He got Bush, Wack, and Carol.
Your boys don't win Jack in blind.
It's like every year.
It's like to fill it out.
The sport teams.
They're the greatest teams in the regular season.
In every of the playoffs.
They eat...
Deam choking gagging sounds.
Yeah.
They're gagging it.
Kind of like at the Catholic Church,
you can hear those gagging sounds.
Do you think there's more mosquitoes,
west or east in Florida?
I think it's west.
So like every day I get attacked now,
it says I'm in the swamps.
Are you out west in Boka?
Yeah, I move into a big,
big fancy neighbor bad movies.
You see my house.
I'm out of your house.
Take the profit and buy a place
like in plantation acres.
Right next to you.
No, not near me.
Like your house.
No mysterious.
Only old Jews live in Boka.
See somebody misinformed you.
You have no business living in Boka.
You got that right.
Listen to this.
The other morning I went to lead
west Boka to get something to eat for breakfast.
And all I could find
for like 20 miles was sushi
and Chinese and Japanese food.
And I said, I am in Tel Aviv.
Yeah.
That's exactly what I said driving
and I started swearing.
I drove fast,
excessively.
I flipped a couple people off
and I went back to East Boka
so I could eat with the Jews over there.
Oi!
You heard me, Neil.
You need to go and eat breakfast.
I gotta go to the griddle to eat breakfast
because there's no...
I gotta go to...
Take your little sack.
Go to the rascal house.
Stuff some pickles and bagels.
And they still get a little money
balance for life.
I love that guy.
Balance for life.
Hey, Neil, I still have it.
Jeff High.
It takes him a month to get around
a corner, let alone get me my bed.
Thinking of balance for life, uh,
Beast, where the hell is where,
the spots, where is the food?
What were we doing on this show?
We needed, we had the food.
As Shelley Bloom sent me clothes
that were for a fit for a little boy.
They put me in the room.
I wear extra large.
I love those people at Shelley Bloom.
They gotta get it straight.
I'm as pretty as a girl.
6'3", 1'7", 5'9",
and 6'3", I wear extra large.
They send me women small.
No, no.
Those weren't for you.
Those were for Clarence's boyfriend.
Oh, that's right.
I'm sorry.
I didn't get close.
Actually, they must have sent him to the wrong guy.
Just take two of those and nip them together.
You'll have something good for the beast.
I gotta go to the sports gym.
And then I'm doing hard put hairs.
I'm in a very cool beast.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
See ya, Neil.
I ain't fucking bow.
We did it.
We did it.
Hey.
Stamps of power, manure.
Hover's over.
This performance by the dolphins.
Oh.
Miami has the dolphins.
They're the worst football team.
They're the ones they've loved the ball from goal to goal.
Like no one's ever seen.
They're on the ground.
That's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holes.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
About 30 men.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them.
You'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block.
Their coaches ought to tell them to put the game their jocks.
Then they would run much faster.
And even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Oh.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
About 30 men.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami.
Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is mown in gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Absolutely.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
About 30 men.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have faith, feedler.
That quarter backs at you.
Oh.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl.
You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
About 20.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no deep fence and their offenses at joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels,
you know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on high zingas ugly face in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
Oh, what the hell?
32.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
Uh-huh.
That's absolutely.
It's 11 after 10 already.
How do you like that?
It's almost great time, George.
Oh, let's go.
Almost.
Well, here's the first facet of the day like I said.
And it says very good by the way, Mark, outstanding.
Aren't we cursed, Neil?
Aren't we cursed?
And then it says,
and it spells it right too.
I love that.
Just the right number of a's and a's is.
It says, screw the assholes in this town with can enjoy life.
Unless the football teams win.
I love the canes and dolphins.
Guess what?
I still had a great wink and nice going, Mark.
The rest of the Barbissanagoyam are walking around town looking like a close relative died.
They're doing everything but wearing black arm bands.
I've been down here almost my whole life and I still can't believe this.
When will I learn?
By the way, thank you for your story on a website
concerning the selling on evay.com of the
Mert devices to screw up with the traffic lights.
That was extremely informative and eye-opening.
I can picture the drivers down here getting at least one of those devices while they can.
The lights are messed up enough.
Now we can really mess with them.
Where F is what Mark said.
Have a great show, Mark.
Thanks, Mark.
And are we cursed down here?
Oh my god.
What are we going to do?
God, I actually got sexual excitement from this weekend.
From seeing all three teams lose.
I shouldn't say that about the Panthers because that makes me sound like anti-panther.
But it's just that the organization, these new owners, man, they haven't got a freaking clue.
They haven't got a clue.
You shouldn't know that when he had Bernie Kostar as the face man running around like a silly little girl.
Remember that with that thing he was in the studio?
No.
He was running around.
Yeah, he was giggling like a little girl.
Oh, we got the Panthers.
We had like a play toy.
Like some kid who just had like a new play toy brought in.
Like PlayStation 69 or whatever the hell it was.
Of course, Bernie, they kind of like shoved him in the back and he's basically out.
They were going to use him as the face man.
Hey, look at this.
We got a guy.
We got a jock who's involved.
He, we own the team, huh?
Do we have any idea what we're doing?
No.
No, but we're fans.
Well, good.
Maybe they can pay to get in.
1013 at 560 WQM.
Imagine this.
Imagine zero closing costs on your next house.
Zero application fee, zero credit,
bureau fee, zero discounted points.
This will be the last mortgage you will be ever needing.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now with a low, amazing rate of just 1.95%.
That's only 738 months for a month for 200,000.
Alone, for example, once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group,
you will never ever pay closing costs again.
So call when in doubt.
Check this out.
180940 land.
Grab real financing.
Power with low rate mortgage that you can move to your next property without further cost or expense.
Only one mortgage from financial group.
That's why they call it that.
Call 1800940 land for details.
It's a whole new way to buy.
There is zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero prep heavenly,
zero closing costs, even when you moved another property.
Just like all the work that Todd Wreck puts into these accounts, zero.
Get financing at just 1.95% call 180940 land and never pay closing costs again.
Call financial group today 180940 land.
180940 LEMV.
There are an equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply rates up to change monthly.
5.19 APR.
We're supporting you 5.16.
QAM.
Urgai f***ing blow.
It's a world of nuns walking side by side.
You can all repent on the heavens ride.
Send in life you will wait.
Because until they did perly date,
it's a whole world that they're all.
There's a bunch of t-shirts that you can buy.
You can even lunch with a real post guy.
Take your picture, it's a snap.
Saving there in the post lab.
It's a whole world after all.
It's a whole world after all.
To enter you must be distal.
The bad is akin with a shopping mall.
It's a whole world after all.
10.19 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Monday to it.
It ain't yom kipper.
It only comes once a year.
Okay, even a goiim should know that.
It's not yom kipper.
So, quip it a long face.
Okay.
I don't want to hear that joke about the horses.
A horse or what is it that goes into the barn.
Why don't you want to hear those old stale jokes?
Like Tim Conway and who's the other one?
Harvey Kerman.
We're doing last night on that CVS special.
I think it was probably a really great show.
Because I only saw the last hour.
But that oh boy.
And did Carol Burnett have a stroke or not?
We don't know.
We don't know. Well, let's find out.
She was like, I don't know.
Of course, she's about 110.
But man, she's like talking about it.
Which is bad.
Because we like Carol Burnett.
Not a lot.
I didn't really like her show all that much.
But we like her as a person.
She's okay.
Yeah. Right?
Never stole a freight train.
Right. She never stole a freaking freight train.
She probably never like to hit out on one either.
What are these faxes that are pouring across here now?
Well, last week you were ranting about the public subsidies
being used for New Marlins ballpark.
You then questioned whether it would be available on the bit.
Look at this.
This story from Sundays here.
$80,000 for a restaurant with seats.
73 people so they can move a block east.
I guess you used a wrong example.
But you know something Mike Mayo wrote.
His one good column for the year in the Sun Sentinel yesterday.
And I'm going to read it.
How do you like that? It's on our website.
Or at least it was yesterday.
Maybe it's on today.
Is it today?
Well, whenever the hell was.
Where it was.
Where it was nice going Mike Mayo.
And I knew he would do it less than a week after he wrote his gushing column about.
Oh, the Marlins. This was so exciting.
And now it's not the time to be peeing on their parade about the public money for a stay.
Well, she didn't take too long Mike.
I probably embarrassed him into it.
You know what? Sure.
Nice going Mike Mayo. I'm going to read it.
Here's the pull result from Friday.
What's your biggest beef with Neal?
1730 votes. Pretty heavy duty because that's the kind of thing that they love.
I have no real beef with Neal.
632. 36.5%.
Which would have been a higher percentage except for the fact that we added all these other categories to give them an escape valve.
Some places else to go.
36.5% have no beef with Neal at all.
The biggest beef they have.
He puts George on the fill in 222.
222.
12.8%. Nice going George.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
He's out of Miami too much.
73.4.2% sounds like jealousy again to me.
Does it really make a difference?
No.
I'll be in Miami soon and it will make a bit of difference.
In fact, George is so anxious to see me
that when I'm coming to town he's going on vacation.
Well, we know what we look like.
I got to see him here.
We got pictures to every other bite.
Not enough reading, in other words, not enough bedtime stories.
69.
3.9% say not enough bedtime stories.
Too many comedy bits 68.
What?
But that's less than 4%.
I know.
I mean, we put these on here.
Somebody was going to vote for them.
This is a good outlet.
This is goes to show you.
You cannot possibly please everybody.
We do our best to come in and like,
spruce it up a little every day.
But you can't please everybody.
It's free.
If you don't like to show, go away.
That's all I have to do.
No, no.
No, no.
People don't hate me the most.
They're there religiously, including that asshole
that called last week.
Oh, I've been listening to you for 13 years.
I just called to say today.
Yeah, goodbye.
I don't get you.
I don't get you.
Likely story.
Too much pull talk 58.
Well, that's the audience.
So, what remember, we never even used to talk about the poll
except once in a while the result.
But the audience has kind of forced us.
It's all they responded into.
Yeah, this is what they like.
This is what they respond to.
And the, you know what?
We got to go back into though.
I was just thinking about this yesterday.
What hit wonders?
No.
Oh, god.
Oh, the movie stuff again.
Yeah, man.
Because June and July is when we were doing that stuff.
Heavy duty and looking at the big numbers
we had in June and July.
It's by the sum of the people again.
Because you can never please them all.
Oh, you're talking.
I'll start you talking about his movies.
All the season.
Too much.
Doesn't like movies.
Who doesn't watch?
Exactly.
Only only recluse assholes who sit there.
A ditto themselves in the corner,
sitting around a house in their underwear all day.
You need a movie to watch to do that.
That's true.
Too much pull talk 58.
He's too much of a fag 38 to 1%.
Yeah, we also should put on.
He's not enough of a fag.
So pardon me, we blew that.
So to speak.
He's too much of a fag 38.
He rips mode too much 34.
Now keep in mind, doesn't rip him enough 96.
And I rip mode too much 34.
So obviously they want me to rip more a lot more.
Absolutely.
He hangs up on too many callers 33.
Too much reading 17.
Well, get used to it.
Not enough sports talk 16.
Too much sports talk 15.
Now that is really fabulous, isn't it?
It's fabulous.
No, seriously, like cancels itself out.
I know.
Because it's just they don't give a crap.
And too much foul language.
You ask only only six point 3%.
The last bite too much foul language.
So anybody who calls does like the language
on his goddamn show too bad.
Because nobody else seems to really care.
I think that's quite a testament and tribute to all of us.
In my case, the old testament.
Here's the facts from Pete who says no more callers.
They are the cancer of your show.
And they're slowly eating away a little thing called
entertainment.
More bedtime story.
What you see the problem with your fast speed.
It's very well intended.
And I'll read the whole thing.
But it's, you know, here's a guy who
liked those seven months when I said here in red,
as you'll discover during the rest of this fact.
More bedtime stories.
Anything is better than the boring callers
who have nothing to say.
Even more moment clips when he rips you are better or dead air
or transponder, repair anything.
But for God's sake, stop with the boring asshole callers
who have nothing to say.
Love the show, especially those months
when you didn't take one call, Pete.
See what I'm coming from and I last sentence there.
He liked the seven months when we didn't take a call.
I liked him.
George liked him.
I liked him.
Everybody else hated it.
Just George and me and Pete.
That's it.
Everybody else hated those people.
Pretty much, I guess.
Right?
Well, there must have been some people who have
to like it.
Not a, huh?
Book of Brian liked it.
Though there's four.
Not enough reading.
How many votes did that thing have?
Let me look.
69.
It keeps popping up.
All over the place.
That's 69 number.
Not enough reading.
In other words, more bedtime stories.
So Pete, I hardly agree.
Most of the callers suck big time.
You can just smell it.
You can smell the second,
I'm gonna smack him right over the phone.
But that's just the way it is.
Never gonna change and stop Florida.
Is it?
No.
No.
So we do the best we can.
Try to satisfy everybody.
That's all.
And we seem to be doing okay because the money keeps rolling
and the checks keep clearing.
Nice going over there, beesleaves.
And by the way, it's safe to come down from the tree.
That's a cacle guy.
He's back in jail.
Well, I don't think he done it.
You know?
I haven't seen it.
I think he has to be like a while.
There have been enough Kennedy sacrifices already.
That's not a good example.
No.
Let's see.
What's all this stuff?
Try my targets.
$80,000 from Mew.
Try my tie.
One of Hollywood's landmark restaurants plans to move
from its well-known spot at 2003 Harrison Street.
But customers will never have a problem
find the new one.
It's only a block east.
What you didn't read on that fax.
Is it a little PS there at the bottom?
That said, they suck.
Who sucks?
That restaurant.
They're few sucks.
And he's right.
Oh, it sucks.
Try my tie.
Yeah, don't try my tie.
Well, anyway, the city's downtown community
redevelopment.
The commissioners voted to give them
80 grand to help with construction cost,
the kitchen renovation, and improvements
to the restaurants outdoor.
Well, that's nice.
How do you like that?
I don't.
So the guy who faxed me that notes got a good point.
That is that governments are subsidizing private enterprise,
which is a bunch of bullcrap.
Sure, a case like this.
A totally privately owned business,
and which has nothing to do with the common good
or the public good or anything like that.
So guys in business, oh, here's 80 grand.
Put a new sign up in the spiffy up the restaurant
and do all this other.
Maybe the food will get better, George.
What do you think?
No.
1027 at 560 WQM.
If you're looking to replace that tired old carpeting
in your home, let me tell you about Lamin and Saras.
This is the easy low maintenance alternative
to expensive natural wood flooring.
Lamin and Saras is the best place to find laminated wood flooring
from the top names in universe,
perid or pergol, Wilson or Uniflor,
a quick step in all of Lamin and Saras
flooring is installed by pergol certified installers
who know what they're doing.
Here's another reason to be called Lamin and Saras.
Their prices will flow here.
Right now, get their fall special for just $1495.
Just $1495 from the 295 square feet
of beautiful Lamin and wood flooring,
it's unreal and Lamin and Saras will match any legitimate
written offer free in a home estimate
called Lamin and Saras toll free.
The reason I'm stumbling here is I'm looking
for anything new in this copy
because they set this to me like a little while ago.
There's not one word changed in this piece of copy.
Who's count is this?
Is this Adam?
Yes.
There's not one single solitary word changed.
What is it?
I don't know.
Anyway, Lamin and Saras will match any legitimate written offer
if you'd like a free in a home estimate column toll free
at 1-877-777-73336.
And don't forget to tell him
that it's starting to rub off on Adam even now.
What could be easier?
Free corporate disposal,
fee furniture moving,
a 25-year warranty,
and years of beautiful,
easy care, Lamin and wood flooring.
Call Lamin and Saras today,
toll free in Tom that Adam.
Tority to call 1-877-777-3336.
I am low.
This is 420-06.
You weigh in.
When D.A.Y.
All right.
As you see, K.S.
Yes, sir.
No.
Ha-ha.
I can't believe I'm the winner.
I am the winner.
Well, it wasn't even close.
I exterminated all of great Davis.
The people didn't seem to care.
I grabbed the movies.
I'm the little miss.
California has spoken I'm the winner.
Lots of women said I followed them
in all it was like 13th and 3rd.
But I don't care.
And the water's okay.
Because now I'm done with corporate data
on the California G-Wall P.
Well, I used all of my muscle
and I used all of my sex appeal.
I'm very honest.
I guess the voters didn't care
that I made all those big mouthful
cheese with squeal.
Ha-ha-ha.
Well, if you're honest with your public
and you tell them you had a final scream,
you'd rather me
than forgive you
like it did me tend to let you
to the DOP
than to keep changing the song.
Pustamante, little Batman
Super Mario brother
never had a thrill.
You're terrible.
The voters start about to make it
in his little Pac-Man on the way.
With his little teeny tiny holes
on the Victor, I'm the winner
and my hot wife is a Kennedy.
Ha-ha-ha.
And now I'm done with corporate data
on the California G-Wall P.
1034, I love the way that ends.
1034 at 560 WQM.
By the way, it's just end.
Something may have to change your travel plans.
The State Department has just issued
a new Iraq travel warning.
Oh, no!
Ready for that?
I hope I can get the money back on the track.
Change your travel plans.
The State Department says.
I mean, it just between Arnold
and all of this stuff,
you just have to wonder,
is there any hope whatsoever?
No.
I guess we must be really winning now
after this late is the attack.
Oh, listen, with 19 Americans killed yesterday,
including 16 soldiers,
we must really be on a verge of a massive victory,
don't you think?
This must be a really good sign.
It's almost over.
Yeah, just like George Orwell in 1984,
good is bad, bad is good.
Keep it in mind.
Anyway, here's today's poll.
To try to get you out of your doldrums,
okay, I know that everybody's very depressed
in South Florida.
Keep it in.
What person does this best describe
someone who used to be great
but is now a real piece of crap?
Could be an athlete, an actor, politician,
anybody, any well-known person.
What person does this best describe
someone who used to be great
but is now a real piece of crap?
I put that, we got four on here so far.
I put Don Erick Lindross,
which if you're not a hockey fan,
you have no idea who he is.
If you know anything about hockey,
you know that he used to be great
and now, you know what he is, Scott?
A piece of crap.
A real piece of crap.
A Liz Taylor,
she used to be great,
remember those days?
Sure.
It's a long time ago.
She was a great actor.
Everybody loved Liz Taylor.
They admired her.
And then she turned out to be
a fat old drunk.
Michael Jackson.
Now a lot of people will say,
oh yeah, we loved his music.
We loved bad.
We loved all that good stuff.
And then he turned out to be a prevert.
And a lunatic.
Yeah.
And OJ Simpson,
who we thought everybody,
nobody didn't like OJ back in his football days.
And he was in all of them bad movies
and running through the damn airport
with his, it only hurts.
That's what he told Nicole and Ron
and only hurts for a little while.
So we got Erick Lindross,
Liz Taylor, Michael Jackson.
And OJ Simpson, to start out,
would ought to be a very impressive list.
I would think.
I got another possible one.
I have to take your word for it
that he used to be great.
Yeah.
Don I miss.
Don I miss.
This is excellent.
That's very good.
He did used to be great.
Well, you heard, uh, we were in
a big, it's just wonderful example of the great humor
he used to pump out when he was alive.
I mean, it's tough to be great when you're dead.
Oh, so when you had a brother on 15 times,
that, man, I, I got to, I got to be honest with you.
I'm not jealous of too many people,
but I really am in awe.
I'm in shock and awe of the Iman.
It's just, this is a dead man in a chair with a,
stupid ass cowboy head on,
who sits there and they all fall on.
Oh, yes, I am.
You're right.
I am.
You know, especially that news guy,
whatever the hell his name is.
And he's, he's mumbled.
Into the chest.
Yeah.
He makes Tom Broca sound like the great enunciator.
Man.
Three L.A.
Prep School students made sex video official saying,
of course, on issue, we want to know one thing.
Where do we see it?
Where do we send our money?
The teens who allegedly distributed
on the Sepulveda past campus have been expelled.
Damn it.
I thought they should give them like,
at least take a look at it first.
No, don't you think that will be so?
I'll give you a formal inquiry.
Maybe they have a budding career in store.
You could have it in query.
In a inquiry?
Three high school students, a sophomore girl
and two junior boys have been expelled from an
exclusive prep school in the Sepulveda past in L.A.
for allegedly making a sexually explicit video
and distributing on school grounds.
The trio made the video last spring
when the girl was still a freshman.
I wonder if she was a true freshman.
Said, ready, ruby, hooded,
the milk and community high school,
which is if we were able to even as wise temple.
Oh, down oh, that's you kids.
Oh, you're available.
At least we know they were circumspect.
She said none of the three had records
of disciplinary problems.
Maybe they were just horny.
Parents and officials did not know that the video existed
until one student told his parents about seeing a copy
of it 10 days ago.
Rubel said.
Rubel who did not release the student's name's
or ages said two of the students in the video seemed
not to know that the recording
should be shown to anyone outside of a closed circle
or a friend's.
They seemed or they thought they were just doing it
for fun.
Rubel said and it showed up in school.
Damn it.
While only a few students admitted to have seen the video,
Rubel said most students said they had heard about it
and when can they see it?
Parents said they and their children were upset
with the revelations.
One parent who asked not to be named
said or son had chied away from telling her
much about the film because he knew I would be horrified.
Oh, don't tell me this is one of those
one in the pink and one of the stink videos.
Rotisserie.
Parents said they and their children were upset
with the show where the foster said that big gigantic
black instrument that's laying around the studio there
is a weapon of ass destruction.
One period of ass not to be named said or son had chied away
or I just read that.
Rubel said she hadn't seen the recording
and relied on other students to identify the teenagers
who were allegedly involved.
All known copies of many stories she said,
oh that's what they always say.
Oops, here's another one.
All known copies of industry likely stir up those unknown copies.
Parents said they had seen the recording
and the parents expressed confidence in administration
and handled the incident appropriately.
I have so much respect for the school administration
said Jessica Satcher, whose son Danny is acquainted
with the students who were involved.
He said they were hung like a moose.
Counselors and experts will be invited to speak with students
at the school and coming weeks to discuss issues involving
sex and relationships.
Rubel said she was worried the students were simply mimicking
what they see on TV.
There you go again without the benefit of an adult understanding
of what effect their actions might have on their dignity.
The students understand this is not acceptable
but they think it's relatively harmless.
Well, there you go.
And maybe it was relatively harmless.
You know what?
Were any animals harmed in the filming of this picture?
No, they're right there.
Was there like any blood and guts
and anybody snuffed off in the...
Oh, yeah.
Maybe somebody got off and nobody was snuffed off.
So there you go.
Again, American.
You can all bet on a shape about a bunch of kids just trying to have a good time.
We will be putting the locations where we can get copies of the tape
on our website, right?
Look at me.
Can you imagine the action we'd have on the screen?
There you go.
560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
What person does this best describe somebody who used to be great
but is now a real piece of crap?
Line in local.
Here's sports radio 560CUAM.
UAM.
Okay.
How do you keep a horny rockweiler coming up in your leg?
Playboan.
Playboan.
That's right.
Playboan.
The magazine for dogs.
And our magazine just isn't about hot bitches in the heat either.
The best quality.
The story of the bad master.
You like it, Bobo?
Easy fella.
Get your paws off mine and get your own.
Bad Bobo.
Playboan.
Finally, a magazine for your best friend.
You're a dog.
Let me see those bitches in here.
Check out the centerboard.
Please.
Go away.
One of my magazines.
Bad Bobo.
No bad.
No bad.
No.
Good.
1044-560WQM.
This is a pretty good article.
This thing about talk without ditto's?
Yeah.
You're it.
By Jov Parish, a Seattle writer.
This was in a progressive report.
Thanks to whoever facts this in.
Talk without ditto's.
In other words, no ditto heads.
I'm not going to read it.
But it's just about the fact that was we all know.
The talk radio is dominated by right wing lunatics.
By Russia about Ali North and G-Gordon Litty.
And all the other right wing assholes.
Strong Hannity.
And it says just one paragraph with a handful of exceptions such talk radio meaning liberal talk radio
Essentially doesn't present exist and talks about this wealth
He should call a company that wants to put 10 million couple 10 million bucks up
You follow what I just said no good anyway proposed national
Network for a left of center commercial talk radio. They haven't called us yet. Have they no
Hey, when these people call Scott then you can call me okay
Don't call me when some assholes got a author with a book that wants to put on a show Jesus and norm stop calling here
You jackass god damn it
It says with a handful of exceptions liberal talk radio essentially doesn't the president exist
It's hard not to notice this aspect of modern American media not so much of avoid as a black hole
That's what the what's his name said?
He said he's got a good one. There's not there's no widely heard syndicated national liberal talk at all on commercial stations
Only a handful of liberal hosts neo-rodgers in Miami
Bernie Ward and Ray Talfaro in San Francisco Mike Webin Seattle at the local level even then such host are buried on largely
Conservative stations sort of like tank company musical day and then throwing in the stones or 50 set at night and hoping for good ratings
And then that's a good point even though this isn't a
Political topical station. He got sports crap all day long and then they throw into the liberal the Jew Fag for good ratings
Which they get and the goose is up the whole station?
So thanks again whoever sent this article because actually I'd like a little recognition there
There you go the norm basically what it's saying is that everybody else is syndicated except for these are left-wing
Comic-Pinco bastards like your client Neil a norm don't call here ever again
Here's an obvious one for the poll today and how could we have missed it?
You know are you sure positive Phil Henry?
Right used to be great when I was turned into a real piece of crap and you are absolutely correct whoever facts that in what a shame
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's hi. Ilya. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Hi Neil. Hi. I had a question for you and a nominee for that poll the question
What where can I get a copy of that Miami Dolphin song you played earlier can best an ear
It's on the best an eel this year. Yes, sir. Oh, it's on this years. You know it. All right. There you go
I just make room for right to our website near Rogers dot com and you can buy a best of the old right there in sunny
Okay, cool. I look like the novice tag Riley for that list Pat Riley used to be great now
He's a real piece of crap. He's still got nice hair
Thanks a lot, pali. Okay. Thank you, man Pat Riley
How they've turned on Pat at least Pat listen to the show. He's the only sports type figure in all the South Florida
Well, no, I mean not the only one Ray Hudson remember his team sure Hudson's good
He loves the show and we had Ray Whitney anybody named Ray they like to show everybody else and Paul laws
Remember the loser. No
Well, I'm sure that Scott remembers Paul laws. Oh, no, you don't remember Paul laws from where from the Florida Panthers
You're some hockey fan man. You do you would know you're you and your buddy Scott man between the two of you
You wouldn't know a hockey puck if they stuffed up your intestines. I've been suffering with the Rangers for years
Oh cut the crap already waiting by the way
They're not gonna make the playoffs again as you're either the Rangers. It's just amazing to me
Talk about flushing money down a toilet and speaking of money George tells me
37,295 is still our total for abandon per rescue with our best and eel stuff and we didn't get a dime
On our website over the weekend. We had tremendous
Maybe a record breaking number of hits on the website over the weekend
But did we get a dime one purchase? Oh nothing they just hit the meal what they use they take they don't give
Yeah, what kind of crap is that?
That sounds like a communist bunch of crap to me the products are great
The products are great the CD is great, which you this guy just asked for something he likes and being there it is it's on there
The mohawar David and teaching whether you like him or not affect the lead the less you like him the more you want to have it right
And we got the all this other stuff on her we got cups and
Saucers and flying saucers whatever you want curfew flying saucers
God damn it
Royal family out of touch says the poll in London eight out of ten Britain's age 16 to 24 believe the Royal family is out of touch and over
Prillage but good for the tourist industry a British poll
I love it the ICM poll for the news of the world published yesterday surveyed about a
500 young people by telephone the margin of area to although 81% thought the Royal family was good for tier or tourism nearly
60% said they wouldn't cross the road to see the Queen if she came to visit their town
If I cross the road I see lot of Queens in fact, I don't even have to cross the road. I can just look at the mirror
Only 10% thought the royals were important to their life
But 79% thought they were good for charities and 71% believe they gave Britain prestige abroad
Now you're wrong about that all they do is make us laugh that much more and how silly you people are
Ask which royals said good examples 88% named Prince William the Queen's scored
69% 69 and Prince Harry and Princess and 68% Prince Charles was a 55% because he's a Philanderer and because come up
Camilla Parker bulls as ugly as dog poop. She does
She poops like a dog the pool of she squats the poll was conducted late October just days after it's held on memory
I don't know that by Paul Burrell
Michael Mayo's got this great collar. I'm gonna read it
But I guess I'll take some calls first because we want to build up some names on the pool
We got to fill in me and pat Riley added to the original list
Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello
Hello, yes
Hollywood's what I hear
my Tyson
Mike Tyson and
I'm so
Then it's it one one per customer not and also okay my old old old friend. What was he great?
Uh, you remember Jack Johnson. No, no seriously. He remembers Jack Dempsey
and Jean Ty and
Max Schmeling in fact this guy's probably not smelling too good at this point of his life
I don't think we're gonna put Mike Tyson on it. He was never
great
At anything it was never a great box here. He was never great anything. It was certainly never great first
He was always a scumbag. He proved the old adage once a scumbag always a scumbag
I guess I better hold on this okay. I'm voting for Eric Lindross being the big hockey fan that I am because I was thinking about that yesterday
He used to be I mean so great
In his early season with a flyers after they got him from there after he refused to go play with a Quebec Nordic
Which proved that he was a dick
Because he's just a real in his parents van. Oh, geez who'd like to who would want to put up with him
Never sign anybody whose parents are in his agent, right?
But Todd Morinavitch is dead. Why like Todd Morinavitch is dead
Todd Morinavitch. Yeah, he was the uh kid who was raised to be a quarterback from day one
I know I know who that is yeah, I never knew that how about Pete stoie and a vitch
Who's the uh basketball player who's dead who played for LSU Pete um
Meravitch right
What do he die from do you remember Pete Meravitch pistol Pete?
Pistol Pete Meravitch he's dead. I don't remember from what whoa
What
I don't think so which person do you does this describe the best someone who used to be great but now is a piece of crap
OJ has got 11
I see now you know he's gonna win and now that was a Georgia's fault you put him on there. Sorry, but you're right
No, you're you're right everybody loved OJ
And now everybody with a brain hates him because he murdered two people and he's a scumbag in a liar and
All the other stories there every time you turn around there's OJ and trouble again. I didn't vote for it
No, I didn't either. I voted for Eric Lindrow's on the one vote 24 votes. OJ's got 11 Phil Henry six Phil Henry's got six
Okay
Michael Jackson for Liz Taylor one Eric Lindrow's one pet Riley one. Oh Howard Stern
Now what who put Howard Stern on there? We never even mentioned him. Oh, it's on your fax machine now
What do you mean? I'm just working ahead
I used to be great and now he's a piece of crap
That's what I heard. Why do you say now he's a piece of crap? What about his a faxer said? I just faxed it to you
Well, that doesn't mean we're gonna put it on just because some faxer said we discussed these things first and right off the bat
You're setting them off the Eric and why can't he used to be great, but I can't remember when that was
No, seriously, I don't want Howard Stern on there. He's not a piece of crap. I think you don't like the show
I don't listen to a show and you don't like it
But that doesn't mean he's a piece of crap. He sure takes everybody else's ass and just about every marketing
Zim whether you like him or not. I think it's a piece of crap
Oh, well, I don't care what you think you already got your one vote. You got OJ man
Maybe we can introduce Howard to OJ
Okay
Let's give OJ a blonde wig that might solve your problem
Oh, here's the facts Craig and Miami says Howard Stern used to be great now. He's now seen now. He's marginal at best
But it doesn't say now. He's a piece of crap
I can't go along with it. Get him off of there Eric and don't pay any attention
What George says most of you hear me say it unless I articulated and enunciated kind of like Don I miss who enunciated
Little like this. I think I bit my tongue
Which makes it gonna make me talk like I miss it. Maybe I can make that kind of money
Here's the Mike Mayo column let my Miami take the Marlon's foolish bait. That's too long
I'll do it after the top of the hour because we got all these commercials. You know we got commercials and commercials like her goal
I'm used to say from her best hey Neil what's wrong with my commercials? Oh
Boy, I'm gonna write that book you were talking about you know in fact. I got several books. I'm working on right now get going
All right. Here's a lady in for Lauderdale. Hello
Hi there. Hello there. How about a local guy in sports? I'm surprised. No one has called about him Wayne. I think I
Well, when did I know you're you're right. Yeah, I was gonna say when was he great but in the beginning you're right
We're looking he brought he brought hockey to us
I mean that can bring hockey down here. I have to be a hero in life
He was bringing everything to South Florida
Marlon's right. I mean the best to the worst. I mean I'm a huge hockey fan
I see you at the games all the time and I
We love those panthers that
You happen to be much nicer in person than you are on on the radio. Well, this is just a
But I don't want to tell anyone that I don't want to show I keep telling them that it's just a radio show
I have to be a well-gun
You're it's a matter of luck you might be too nice. Oh, I'm sorry while I try being asked you next time I come to a game
Okay, all right. I don't want to keep you there's so many more folks that want to get on your show
But I enjoy it very much choice. Thanks. We don't have a great day
Go Panthers go leave go go Panthers penguins will be here in Toronto tomorrow night anybody go to that game
No, there'll be the 18 eight to be 19,000 in some standing remotely
Mirio. I don't think it's gonna be planned. He's injured
Again, they're again. Well kind of like Nick Antropov. He's professionally injured all the time
But he sure looks pretty good 1056 at 560 QAM
My and look all this is sports real five six
For David's a bitch are you suffering from clinical depression life just not what it used to be
Spending your evenings with your mouth wide open watching reality shows
Too much of a sport hole to think about getting laid is that what's got you down
Bunky we'll get a new lease on life at the doctor mohauer David depression clinic Dr. Mohauer David is born
Yes, sir the poible and is here to make your pathetic life worth living again
All right, send sack what you'll be the press
I know that you're more on that's why you're here, right?
Well, I'll have you know I cured many famous patients
Like who? Well is
Ray Holmes
Karen Kacopin Durd
Amidakta not a chef. Not give me 50 bucks and get the fuck out of here
I can't even think I'm a fucking people poison
Spray visit the doctor mohauer David depression clinic today and receive a complimentary single-edged razor blade
Oh
You
1101 at 560 everybody couldn't have mad dog comes back to work today. It's about freaking time
All right at two o'clock two to four to seven noon too much off time man
Talk about taking a good thing and really stretching it you know, I mean
No, it'll be a chula's four to seven. We got the ricky way to show at the cleveland night seven eight o'clock
That should be like a awake. Oh, and then you got uh, oh speaking of awake eight to ten the big oh
Eddie k10 and you will mark overnight two to five and a.m
And then we started all over again with the molemyster and gildi and then for L8 to 10
There's the schedule for you right it down put it on your arm like a memento
Read it all over your body
61 votes what person is this best described somebody used to be great, but it's now a real piece of crap
Oh jays got how many he got about third man exactly
Phil Henry 14 are you sure
Michael Jackson 10 Eric Lindross three there we go. We got a few sports of people are hockey people
Pat Raleigh appear Liz Taylor to none yet for Don I miss or H Wayne high zinga come on
She had a good choice there maybe just went on you think I got another one for you
That used to be great not just because he would write about me
But because he actually paid attention to what was happening on the market and about radio and now he's a real piece of crap time jica
Right, mm-hmm. I think that's a good good choice
He just got lazy. He doesn't carry rights all these puff pieces about network tv shows and basically that's all he writes
And whether his ass is sitting there or I want of his highly paid and dined and winded
Press tours in L.A. wherever the hell he is
He's always out of touch with a local market because he doesn't really think about it other than Rick Sanchez coming back on a year
And don't put him on there because even before we hit that guy to stadium who's still dead he was never great rich Sanchez no
Unless he has Tom
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Oh, yeah, sir. Yeah, let me just mine
But I
Not Riley, but I got another one to complete so I'll call and pow well
Colin Powell is good very good choice. Yeah, well, I get back to work, man. Just one more thing. Let me see your aunt
Oh, don't say that to condolese it then we'll have all kinds of problems again. No, condolese. They don't have no aunt either
No, it's an art bark. No, I think she's got like a penis. I really do. I think condolese has got a big old art president
She has an artwork with a penis and of course, uh, Ann Coulter. She's got a gigantic strap on that makes
I'm going to win significance big black one
five six seven I got to read the hang on a second on the phones Mike Mayo
Nice going Michael Mayo because I know he listened to the show
Take a little advice from me. Don't wait all year to write this column and he wrote it today
See or yesterday whenever it held was led Miami take the Marlins foolish bait is what he says
Mania and Marlins mainly know all world series champions are now
Let me reiterate for the thousandth time how morally repugnant it is for public money to go toward the private enrichment of
Millionaire athletes and mega millionaire owners
That said let me repeat my mantra when it comes to the suckers in Miami data new Marlins stadium if they're buying I'm driving
Except that they're serious about an orange bullseye, which is only a masochist could love then my mantra will be
Pass the chips and the remote please
If the politicians and populace to the south are vain enough to fall hook line and sinker for this latest fish pitch
Willing to give away the store just to see the team renamed Miami marlins by all means they should build it better than that us
Broward fans might want a new stadium closer to home, but there's little political will for it for once we can be proud of our elected officials
Why might my me day leaders were busy cozy up to the marlins in baske in the reflected glory of an improbable title run
Our strength police state at a chilly distance maybe we should call him the my me date marlins
This might have something to do with the way the counties last euphoria field sports deal went when Broward
Gleefully financed the panthers
185 million dollar hockey arena sunrise during the teams run of the stand-in cup finals in
1996 seems like a lifetime ago
Public funds pay for 69 there's that number again 69% of the arena's
14 and a half million dollar annual debt repayment eight million dollars comes from a hotel bed tax two million from the state sales tax rebate
The teams four and a half million dollars share comes from arena revenues
meanwhile
Five years into the 30-year deal the panthers have gotten to keep 99.4% of the 54 million dollar profit
Generated by the arena so much for a public private partnership as the deal was touted and just look at where it's gotten the team
Even with this golden goose the panthers think there were tendons things and they're a hemorrhaging cash
How does this translate for the marlins buyer beware?
New stadiums might be good for subsidizing wealthy owners and players in sports that have insane economics
But they don't guarantee long-term success in the stands or the standings
Just ask the heat or the panthers or the baseball teams that have not been magically transformed by glirry news surroundings
Detroit Milwaukee Pittsburgh and so on
So it's hilarious how the mommy politicians can't accommodate the team fast enough
Meanwhile, this latest plans has more holes than a fishnet
Forget the fancivil members being thrown around it. Let's talk reality
The marlins water retractable roof stadium which little likely caused four hundred million dollars
And I'd like a home on star island about an respect a one else to pay for it
The marlins are pledging future revenues to partly fund the construction and return to expect virtually all the profits
It's just like the panthers deal only with bigger numbers and more question marks
The debt repayment on a bond issue for four hundred million dollars would be roughly 30 million a year for 30 years
At this point the parties haven't specified where most of the money would come from although the usual targets would be hit hotel bed taxes
State sales tax rebate
Expect the politicians to pull a fast one especially with date sitting on a surplus from its county sales tax
That money is supposed to go to transportation in roads
Don't be surprised if they commissioned magically labels the stadium a mass transit vehicle because it has escalators and a moving roof
In a perfect world the marlins would build their own stadium in a reasonable world
Everyone could pitch in to build a modest stadium in logical location
In this world we have underpaid teachers
Student sitting in portables and lame brain politicians eager to siphon public money to those who needed the least
Meanwhile when someone asked baseball commissioner bud C. Ligwad league doesn't have a central stadium fund
He says we're not of a construction business. Why should we be?
Miami marlins never sounded so good says Mike male Mike nice go and we take it all back come back home
It's safe. Okay the coast is clear good article great article
Yeah, huh and he didn't waste all the time
He didn't like take weeks and weeks and weeks and kind of let the dust clear so it would be politically acceptable to write it
He took less than a week after his fond and con from last to Tuesday whatever it was nice go and Mike
Mio there's one good Jewish boy. Oh, hold the male
Moscow it's whatever. He'll his name is
Okay, so there's a little reading for you where I've got a lot of stuff here
website porn website porn attracts women by the millions
Black support for Miriam elephant is crumbling all right some good news
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Hey, why are you today pretty good sir
How about for your
From
People
Charlton haston
Charlton has to his excellent
And your phone sucks but Charlton has to go thank you sir
Well, I can't help but he had a crappy phone. He meant well, and he had a good choice right Chuck has to
Nobody didn't like Chuck has to know. I mean after all he was like Moses and God and Jesus and Abraham and Saul and
Sarah and all those people, huh?
And now he's a gun toatin nut and if you watch bowling for colabine
You'll have to watch that interview with him at least many many times
Because you'll be squeezing yourself every time you watch and then when he gets up and he like he I would say walks away
He like shuffles away, huh? He shuffles. He does the old-south be shuffles and just shuffles away and tries to like run and hide and
Michael Moore is following him and but what about this little girl?
Yeah, just like all the people who are dying every day
I want to say it again in Iraq 19 Americans that yesterday 16 soldiers who thought they were going home
For a little R&R and guess what they're coming home. I'll write in a box
Where's the anger? Where's the outcry? Are we gonna? Is it gonna take like years and years like in Vietnam all over again?
Because the public is being buffaloed by the by the gutless media and by the slimy Democrats who except for Howard Dean
Most of them don't really have the balls. Although now of course it's becoming politically correct now to start open up a mouth
Give hard and carry it some of the others. How could this be going on in West Park who now claims he was against it all along?
Howard Dean's only the one guy with the balls. I'll tell you that right now
Is he perfect? No. Is there any imperfect? No
Howard Dean be the man
Here's the call from Newport Virginia. Hello. Hey, no. How you doing? Hey, I don't know if you consider him great
But I used to enjoy his show on HBO, but now he's a right-wing whore and a piece of crap Dennis Miller
Dennis Miller used to be okay
Right and now you're right now. He's more than a piece of crap. I see him. I get annoyed. I get very I get outraged
Yeah, he's a sad case now, but that's that's my contribution
Okay, thanks a lot, pali and have a great day
Dennis Miller, I wouldn't say he was great, but I mean, you know, I'm when we say used to be great
He was good. He was there was people like way. Yeah, he was okay
He was an okay a stand-up comic and now he's a piece of crap
Now he's just a shield for every anti-human right-wing piece of smegma man for peace of mung and the new pool
By the way for the first time a slight majority over 51% American public says we don't like the way Bush is doing a rack
We're not too happy and that pull was taken before the 19 the people died yesterday
I hate to say it and but but we're in a cragmire man. There ain't no easy way out there. Maybe no way out period
Oh, the week three Cazise says in an interview. I should also point out
That guess what just like all your wacky scientists had said
They never wore any met weapons of mass destruction
Yeah, I have nothing and Sodom was lying and posturing as usual to try to like uh
Boy embolden his influence in the Arab world and get everybody else intimidated and puff himself up
But they didn't have crap no more. Nope
How do you like that? They wanted it, but they didn't have it. No
But they have these shoulder shoulder propelled rockets now, right?
As you saw yesterday when they had knocked one but two to take out that helicopter
And they got by the way thousands of those. Yeah cheap and thousands right
Sure makes you feel real good every time you hop aboard a plane a commercial jet and they report anywhere in the country, right?
Because so we already know that they are hoping and praying and to try and they've tried it
Where was it they tried in Saudi Arabia right a few months ago?
Okay, and missed
Saudi Arabia that's our good friends. They've been lodgings in the Saudis who have those public executions where they chop people's head off in public
Thank goodness they're not barbaric like the Taliban. Wish we could get that kind of coverage over here
Those evil doers the Taliban
12 minutes after 11 at 5 60 WQM
Hey won't be long now before all the relatives come down for the holidays or maybe your parents are coming down to stay for the winter
Oi in either case if you need a new mattress then do what everybody at QA him has done call 1 800 mattress
That's the number four dial amatrus the mattress industry is full of phony clean shell gains vs. artist at
The dial amatrus no false promises no bait and switch just discount prices every day on the great brand names that you know and trust and love now
Including stirons and bananas foster when you call dial amatrus at 1 800 mattress
You still get to pick the day and time for delivery within any to our window seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night
Which means like between noon and 2 1 and 3 whatever it's convenient for you and guess what they actually show up
I've been sleeping on the mattress and dial amatrus for years my back is doing great and you ought to be doing the same
Honest sale prices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery and preset up and moveable
It's easy to see why dial amatrus is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
So don't get fooled don't get sucked in by these so-called giants in the mattress industry or furnish your stores
They can't match what you get every day from dial amatrus
So instead of helping pay for somebody's big overhead pick up the phone right now and call 1 800 mattress
I've called them George is using them Miguel Bokobrine even fat boy
I had to give them the extra king and queen you need to call them right now to call 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTRES or online mattress dot com
My life and look all this is for 305 60
You weigh yeah
Yeah
Oh Jake off the way with birds during his woman I'm the white and you wish friend
You know we hear him say just making about
The way he takes you blending boys
You back
Go back
You're back to hell let you be long
You got
Go back
You're back to hell let you be long
You're back all Jake
We go to a next call on to the doctor in you
What you say to me you
I hear your words
I'm in heaven you're one of the answer but me the first time I got away with it
I'm in heaven
But it's all kind the kindle killer I like that it's 1117 at 560 WDQM
Yeah, we need to do a runoff one day just like for an hour
Let's do it tomorrow morning at the beginning of the show runoff
We'll do a runoff a vote a poll between OG and Mohawir David
Okay, start to think that's a good one sure because they both are
So universally despised and reviled by the people of South Florida
I think that could be a good battle neck and neck nose to nose like a firm to the alley guard. Oh and GW though
No, no, no, well this crowd hates him
No, no kidding
No, Schmidt. Oh, it's big enough of that. There was rumspelled making the tour yesterday
The preserve my image and try to polish it up a little bit the rumspelled tour on all the talking head shows
What does he say about the incident yesterday the incident about the all the bloodshed
He says oh while you know we're in a war and these things will happen Schmidt happens that was a really a very
very sympathetic and a very empathetic kind of a thing for him to say since his lily white god damn ass
Not only is no better, but never how was over there in combat
Well, and they're showing it again on CNN the guy who shot his lure because he was pissed off the galore hiding behind the tree
That was uh and the amazing part that was in the courthouse where the robber plate guy here. He was going on
How do you like that? They didn't even pause
Now they just kept on going. Oh shooting
Call us when something really happens
Here's your call from Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Back in 1998 when I first used to start listening to you was great and now it seems like yeah, this is this is the chronic guy
Yet it yeah, it is get lost
Get a life. Okay, get a life. Yeah, now it seems like you're only listening and calling every single day
What we have here is a failure to educate. That's what we have a real moron. Okay
You already had a chance to bash me all weekend long. I can take it
But that's the you know used to be great now a piece of crap
See it doesn't make any sense because if I'm a piece of crap and you're listening
Then it's a really sad commentary about you and your lack of education your lack of common sense
Your lack of being able to reach over and find the god damn dial to get your hand on that knob listening to the call
Yeah, listening and calling every single god damn day over and over and over again like this show is your own personal play to it
See this is the problem with a chronic some of them may be a little amusing at times
It adds a little spice to the show
But there are some of them who think like your friend Reverend Jones and a couple of others
Let this radio show is their own personal little play toy just like those little that little group of circles your cool
You know the ones I'm talking about. Yeah, we discovered this show when we came to QA and all of us said
Well, it's my responsibility to put on a show for my friends for Miami. Yeah, it's their intercom system
Right, that's right. They're own little personal play to it
And they're sitting there with a radio cranked up real real loud and they're playing with it
God get a life you crazy sparks are you
Here's for a lot of deal. Hello Neil God. Yes, sir. That was probably OJ's boyfriend. Yes, sir
I'm gonna be traveling on Wednesday
So I wanted to wish you first of all an early happy birthday. Thank you so much and
Actually had my initial instinct for the for the nomination for the pole was Brock Berlin
But then I realized he was never great
So my actual nomination is Pete Rose
Well, that's good. That is really excellent. Oh, I mean, I mean he was mr. baseball
I mean, I mean Charlie hustle the whole thing. I mean he was the only Mr. Piece of crap
You're right. He's the most sour like a bitter man. I mean, you know
Plus if you ever saw him at the race track, you'd wonder is this man needs some help did we need to be correct this guy or what?
I'm not using it. All right
Thanks a lot, palmy
I just don't want to say this though because Wednesday will be my 61st birthday in November 5 and
You get to a certain point. I think 60 is a good point of which we stop saying happy birthday anymore
How about like my condolences my commissaration? It's not happy crappy birthday because yeah crappy birthday
I like that because
Like my mother says to me to me. Oh, what can I get you for your birthday?
Coffee. Yeah, how about a colostomy bag would be good mom. Oh, and listen to this. I want the entire audience to get the news
My brother who's nine years older than I am so the math ain't too difficult. Uh-huh
He was in town visiting her for four days last week. Okay, okay
So my mother and I says this to me on a phone the other day very excitedly and what does she have to tell me?
Been four days he was there. He only had a bowel movement the last day
I'm not making that up. Oh my god
And I wonder if during all of his attempts to have a bm
I wonder if she was standing outside the door waiting to hear the old
Plopplop fizz fizz, you know, yeah, like she used to do it. Oh my god
I know you have irritable bowel because every time you do a bm it splashes the water is so loud now
This is a woman who claims to be like a little deaf. She's 90 years old plus. Yeah, maybe she doesn't know how she must be standing with a glass
You know a glass against the right listening to hear those magical sounds of the good's hitting the water
I think she's got the room wired. So I think next time I come I'm gonna have to find out not only how would the quality and consistency of my brother's bm
But also did they float or did they sink stuff like that
Nobody wants to hear about bowel movements bomb. That's her claim to fame my 90 years of constipation by milley
Oh, it's gonna be a couple that's the book that you write right? I couldn't believe it. I mean even coming from her
She's gotta give me report on my brother's bowel movement good god lady get a life
Here's a call from my me lake. Hello
My name is yes sir. Hey Neil, it's what I'm not too much. Hey, where are they gonna do that?
We can really show some of you know home or what yeah, it's gonna be from the it's gonna be from
One of those big big ones tell me about it. The guy I want to nominate Jerry Lewis
Jerry Lewis used to be greater now. He's a real fat face
Real fat. I saw the other day. Larry King. That guy was huge
Yeah, one more thing we are so not blessed down here Neil. We are cursed
And to have a great day 11 winestein although I'm sure he's not Jewish
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Jerry Lewis is Jewish
Yes, see this guy doesn't understand about his disease and the pills. He's the medication. He's taking him made his head blow up
But he's got a good next one point because we don't really and then the guy to call last week about well
He wants met Jerry Lewis and he's a wonderful guy
I did just out of nowhere
We were talking about something completely different and he calls to give me a lecture about how why do we rip Jerry Lewis?
And we don't like him. That's why on this show. It's like one of those things. Oh, there's the guy again
Shoot his wife his attention. He heard two loud bangs and realized they were way too loud for any kind of a car back
Fire I love
Never seen he walks away
Right the gun back in his jacket pocket and he walks away like he's just gonna be like that's it like he he okay
I've taken out my anger. I was right off and that's it
You know, like nothing's gonna happen the son to Rothman and I love the flying tackle man
The guy who came in tackle it was if only the dolphins could have done that yesterday at the right times, you know
Wow, that was impressive and they're showing it for the eight million time they identify him as William striered pocket and
Remember he had two guns in there. So it's such an ominous thing and it was ominous. It was so close. I know I think we're watching
Yeah, we're watching it for the 45 million time because now they got more video and they're showing everybody running to the scene and
You crazy bastard and stuff like that because gun
Merkin and why why should anybody be surprised you get pissed off like that bit we've got a sure angry shoot somebody
Angry at your lawyer. It was crap away
Here's a call from sunrise. Hello
Sunrise hi, what's up Neil. Yes sir. How you doing all right? First of all you know you talking about those shoulder rocket launches right
You think about those are warm on now can you yeah? Absolutely right next to the uzi's
Very funny. Listen, I work in nominate you but after that was chronic. I'm not gonna nominate you
So I'm pretty I guess I'm out of material then. Okay, you're out of material
Well, I'm not gonna put my name. You know you can bash me in Georgia and we can handle it
But Christ almighty it's stupid. I'm a piece of crap. I'm a piece of crap
Okay, better every day. I like this show is fantastic this show. I'm on this end. I'll say it again
If I was doing a bad show, I'm not gonna say I'd hang it up because I can't afford to I need like you know 50 80 million
But but seriously I can't you know, I would know it. I would know it. It feel it for
Consumbing it can it's gonna be 61 on Wednesday. I'm still like alive
I sound a hell of a lot. I'm here younger than some people on the station
I don't mention no names with their stentorian voice or sitting in pontificating all your pipsquates out there
How hip and cool they are with their lime green checkered pants stuff like that
Even while me you're gonna have older than him
According to that phony drivers license he showed you he probably got that a guy named Walmart too right next to the uzi's in the god damn
Rocket launchers
You know
Probably went out and got fake ID just so he could whip it out and show it to you in the tea room
Well if he got it I showed his insurance in the tea room. He said it was no big deal
I've said your one thing. He's kind of kind of young if the that's really his age if he's like coming up 60 to be having a big bag like that
20 say by the way is he's speaking of that don't call me here anymore is he all brother?
Did I have phone calls here on friday all from people? I don't want to hear from my good close friend
Izzy the handyman who has no business having his phone number my mother gave him the number because she felt like it and
Norma can't who just keep will not stop calling
And then of course Scott there would tell me about some author that they want to plop out a show or send me a book
See if it was really only they want to send me a book. You really feel that you'd have to ask me or whether can they send you the book?
You see what I'm saying I just are in third in judgment no, no, just say I'm dumb. Okay. I'm dumb. Yeah, we know
And in that whole
That's very you're an asshole and you're dumb and so you've been in the show perfect
27 past 11 at 560 WQM. Hey speaking of underpaid and overworked people like asshole Scott
Maybe a lot of you out there would like to get a new high-paying career
You just don't know how to do it how to go aboot it
Maybe you don't have four years to waste on sitting around in college trying to get the skills
If this sounds like you here's an answer for you pick up the phone to call fast train at 1 866 fast train
Fast train can have you trained in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist
Korean as little as four months. That's what it says here. You heard right you can be fully trained and ready for your new career as little as four month
Fast train offers day evening weekend classes. They've got job placement assistants waiting on you and financial aid to people who qualify
Six convenient Florida dollar locations including four in South Florida. So there is bound to be
It just makes sense. The odds are pretty good. There's about to be one close by you
So if you'd like to really change your luck get out of your dead end job tell your
Ask the ass boss to kiss your ass call fast train today
Tool free at 1 866 fast train and check them out of the web at fast train.com tell me Todd Greck
Schmeck told you to call 1 866 fast you know I was saying Greck because I thought would be like a plan his name
Yeah, and it is 1 866 fast train
You
I thought I was prepared for everything but I wasn't prepared for Jimmy to flush his sisters ragged all down the toilet
And then use a hammer and a screwdriver to fix the situation
It is not till next Friday, but we needed a new toilet yesterday. I got a crap
I've got a tingle
With check and go branches across the country our cash advances can help you make it to your next payday
I can't wait any longer thanks to check and go we once again can go I already went behind the couch
I use the cat box
Because today is days away honey I don't like the new favorite
It smells like crap
1132 at 560 28 till now in the QA that's for mom the craft specialist
What person does this best describe somebody who used to be great, but now is a real piece of crap
But there's sure a lot of crap going on you know it's there's a lot of crap everywhere you look you can see it you can smell it
A lot of crap going down in this government. I'll tell you that and the public is going
OJ 72 used to be great now. He's a piece of crap. They hate you O Jan or you listen to the show
You're not fooling nobody in between drug deals
Michael Jackson 33 fill Henry 25 are you sure they think so
Chuck Heston 11. That was a good choice Dennis Miller 10 Wayne High Pingas God 10
Eric Lindross 8 more can you believe that there are eight people to saw and see even know who that is wow
Pat Riley 7 colon powell 7 used to be great used to be that like complex for today
We all admired and thought somebody could be present now it turns out he's a total sellout total sellout colon and your sons of piece of crap too at the FCC
Liz Taylor 4 Tom jica 3 nice go a little Tommy
See now somebody would say well that's only because he used to write all that good stuff about you
No, that's got nothing to do with it
He used to write with them with good bad whatever it was he used to cover local radio local TV
Something going on that any now. He just writes pre-fabricated crap
About reality shows and a lot of other crap on network TV
Don I miss one P Rose and Jerry Lewis together. They have the big none yet
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello
Man, I want you to play something. Yeah, play this go play with yourself
Here is in the great the ones that try to like be copy so we got the
imitation bridge tenders. We got the imitation. I hate the bird guy
Get a life man. God. I should be that fact to get about the colors
Yeah, here's a call from Miami. When is this?
Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, Tom Green
Todd excellent very very good. I love it. That guy used to be hilarious. I don't know what happened with that guy
MTV like you're like everything else MTV touches. They killed him. Yeah, he had to
Secular Samson they cut his vegetables and that was it. I think that did it
Okay, thanks a lot pal. I
Who was that thing who was married to for about 10 minutes? Drew bearable. Drew bearmore. That's right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T horizon wireless line. Tom Green is I'll tell you one thing
We're getting excellent choices here for people who used to be great but now for whatever reason
They become a real living and breathing and smelling piece of crap
Here's a con I see Davie on nine. It doesn't compete with me Scott. I could be wrong
How much you want a bet? You're never wrong Neil
Wait a minute. Is there somebody at my door?
Maybe it's another home invasion
Talk for like 10 seconds. Okay, because I'm gonna I'm gonna turn over the thing on my door sitting open at this time. All right
That cheetah pier is really great outpouring of affection hot babes
Show gave me a cold
Food
Food was great. I guess it's the maid down the hall who's just making a lot of noise
Maybe the maid's getting done by the janitor out there is something
Hope you're enjoying it honey. Now what was I just doing before I got to rudely interrupted?
Don't I forgot radio show maybe radio show
What the hell are you talking about? What's the freaking radio show? How we come with that?
Anybody bringing that check for seven thousand? Oh, yeah
Huh, no, no actually it's only twenty twenty seven hundred and five bucks will get us to forty grand
And I'm sure that between Greg and scurran and some of the other high rollers in that place who haven't donated to die
Mead I think a band of prayer rescue would be delighted to take their money since it's already November the third
God
This is oh I was just saying line nine and Davie sounds dubious here's Davie. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
I got a name for the poll. Yeah
Another local name Paul Castanolo
When was he great
Well before you start to start ripping off Rick inside every single day
Now he's been ripping off everybody every day. Thanks a lot, pal. Hey, but the answer is
People I used to be great. Was he ever great now? He's still always the same rip off piece of crap never had an original idea in his mind
He had two two bits. That's that's this time to fame Bill and Ted's excellent adventure and what's the other one?
Shave it a haircut two bits
No, seriously. What was the other one? Oh, Sammy. Sammy Smith. That's right. That was his uh
Oh, that's not it
No, yes today. Oh, yeah, that's it. But there were three because they he did two Sammy Smith bits
Well, that wasn't the Sammy Smith tumbler. Oh, that's not even in here
Where the hell is it? I don't know. Remlins. I swear. I don't know who the hell knows. I tell you what isn't here though
We did it we did it we did it and we're still not gonna build you the stadium by the way
But the congratulations, David
5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh, but we want to win or we want to win look what happened to us this weekend
Now we're so cursed we thought we were blessed see this is the way it works
It's the Yin and the Yang the in and the out is what it was you can't you can't just uh, you know be champions with everything
World series championship big ticker tape for eight and then this weekend comes along and all of a sudden for all the sports nerds down here
It's like a big
Fly-opener, man
Like the Huracun's highly overrated the panthers think that you went out and like Mike may also look at all that money supposedly
They were making where the hell did it go? Where's that 10 million that we're gonna get the free agents with when they a blue pavilla
Because he was such a bad disruptive influence in the room. Oh geez one thing about if you got a bridge to sell
If you got 80 million acres of great swampland and aver grades to sell stop floor is the perfect place to do a man
It's the it's the greatest con place in the universe
That's where all the old farts are every every faker every make believe doctor who never went to school for ten minutes
Erby got with a magnetic bracelet the golden uh whatever those things are showers golden showers
There's a pocket rockets from raw everybody comes to south Florida because it's the land of the giant con
Here's a call from Davy hello
What up? Yes, sir
Fuck it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and where I've horizon wireless line. I'm giving it my best shot
We're supposed to be on 5 60
You a M
You
Rockies need money and no one is
Fogging we're asking which I have nations to help with
Donations but they just say no way in most situations now push me for everything
Washton like when no one offers money
But
Ah
I'm gonna have a cast to one I'll come see
One for you and the three for the billion
You need a master that can't be your same
And just love it, push it up like one
No one wants a train
Don't go
But the tax code penalized marriage
And so we reduced the marriage penalty
Yeah, there you go. How about the gay marriage penalty? That's still going good
1144 is 16 till noon at 560
There's Dumbo man only needs to flap them ears a couple of times and just fly away
OJ's got 83 votes. Somebody used to be great in his now piece of crap
83 for OJ
Michael Jackson 41
Phil Henry 32
Are you sure?
Dennis Miller 15, Wayne Hype Pinga 13, Chuck Heston 12
Eric Lundross 9, Colin Powell 9
Liz Taylor Ford Tom Jicke III
Jerry Lewis III Pete Rose II
Don I miss one and Tom Green just went on there 246 votes
Tom Green will get some votes don't you think?
Couple shirt, drool vote
Here's a call from Bokey. Hello
Hi Neil. How are you?
Okay
You got to nominate John McCain, peer list
John McCain
John McCain, yeah. He's too much of a wait-and-will Republican
John McCain is the right-winger
He's the coming one because he endorses Bush
Okay
I see no
Yeah
He endorses Bush. He's a Republican man. What do you want him to do?
Yeah, pretty weak
567, okay we'll put everybody on it who's a Republican? How's that?
Although their only problem is they don't qualify because most of them didn't used to be great
Like this one
Means more jobs
Right, there you go. Means more jobs baby
Three million jobs lost since this bulls-o took over he's doing it
Here's a call from poppinow. Hello
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good sir
Let me tell you something. There's one thing you're not going to hear coming from the Dolphins locker room anytime soon
And you know what that is?
What is that?
Like a old friend Jimmy Johnson once said
HAPPY GAME SOMIN
I thought he was going to say we got a shot
We're number one
Or that or anything else like we're super we're talking super bull cause where that you know that I could play the song game
But they hated they were number two yesterday
Come make song came in a strong second in the songs that they never want to hear you in Robin Williams
Oh, that's good. I like that
Sure
Robin Williams used to be great then he started making a series of them awful awful horrible movies
Especially that patch Adam's thing with a big shiny red nose and everybody said are you effing kid?
Nus or what? Are you out of your mind? Are you off your rocker? This is supposed to be comedy. This is supposed to be talent
Robin freaking Williams excellent choice. Thank you
Web site porn attracts women by the millions
This flies in the face of all the stereotypes that it's only horny guys, heterosexual guys and faggots
Who are sitting there on that their PCs just tap it and tap it and tap it away and on her keyboard too
After putting her daughter to bed Maggie 42 routinely sat at her computer for hours mesmerized by an online world of erotic stories and real-time sexual discussions
Beth 33 usually clicked on the most visually graphic sites describing the theory that only men are enticed by pornography
A lot of people don't realize this happens with women too says Beth
Along with Maggie asked if their last name's not be revealed I can't imagine why I bet you screw and spending a lot of time on it
See I she don't she don't read her come she just mounts the mouse she mounts the mouse
She never ride it right at the Roseland Park in Canada they would call the wild mouse and screw and loves her mountain the wild mouse
She likes to ride it
The myth began long ago press because women were rarely seen walking into CD adult bookstores oh god forbid
But in recent years the accessibility affordability and anonymity of the Internet have made pornography undeniably attractive to millions of women
While some women simply find it exciting others have battled addictions and other problems they're addicted to porn
I don't know
Now look the next the next paragraph in this story what is this from it's from the Cleveland dot com new house new service
The next paragraph got all these like it's all screwed up you know I mean like a percentage sign like every other word
Julie neft twenty nine of Wisconsin sees nothing but benefits Internet pornography is pretty much an adjunct to my regular sex life she said
She has to make she views less than an hour a week and is open about with her boyfriend
They estimate that 9.4 million women in the US access such sites in September we email each other saying
Ha ha look at this or he he look at that or ooh that's good ooh that's good it's healthy if you want to own the mechanics or the logistics of certain things you can get education inspiration to do stuff plus I just find it brilliant I like it
Others think it can lead to problems there's some events the Internet porn is learning even women whose values are positive well
I thought I'll loosen them up a little bit good some speculative forbidden fruit factor can make it tantalizing for religious women in particular good watch out for that forbidden fruit
The editors of today's Christian woman and evangelical magazine had heard anecdotes of church going women getting hooked on porno so they conducted a survey asking readers of their newsletter if they had intentionally visited porn sites
34% said how do you like that they said oh god that's good while the frequency of female porn addiction is difficult to measure
Psychologist agree that some women as well as men do engage in destructively compulsive behavior fueled by the Internet
Maggie said she began exploring pornography to try to understand what it was that captivated her ex-husband soon she was spending up to 30 hours a week
About 30 minutes chirping the web for a rousal that's like four hours and a half a day
She realized she had a serious problem when I couldn't wait for my daughter to go to sleep so I could hop on it and the computer too
The light went on that I preferred porn to spending time with my child was better than the less of your kid I guess in it I guess the interactivity the Internet makes it especially appealing to some women
Said al-Kupery staff psychologists at Stanford author of sex and the Internet a guidebook for clinicians we see women all the time
I mean I feel that attractive but they get guys 20 going after them at a time in a chat room email them instantly
All right no wait a minute they get 20 guys or maybe they're guys are 20 years old going after them at a time in a chat room emailing them instantly
That's affirming to a woman that's hard to match when your husband is in the next room drinking a beer maybe asking you if you're going to exercise next week because you think you're overweight
And maybe you are maybe you're a big fat slut maybe you've gone to pot
When a woman prefers cyber sex to real sex oh I love that word cyber sex to real sex or become secretive about her online porn or use those are red fat flags
Said Cooper but it contains an online erotic can be helpful if you share this with your partner because you need some variety to waste spice things up
As opposed to going to a swing club with George and getting all kinds of diseases nobody ever caught no disease on the Internet
Oh viruses viruses yeah
While porn oh may rounds a couple's interest for a while real men with real real real women with real
Varicals veins and a real body fat lose in the end because they can't compete with the image of airbrush porn queens said Donna rice use president
Of enough is enough an organization trying to make the Internet safer for families
Oh
Porno sells sex without relationships sex without commitment sex without consequences sex without love sex without children and sex for one's own
Radiification is opposed to the gratification of the other to which we say all right said rice who's who's oh this is you know who this is Donna
Rice Hughes oh yeah this is Donna rice who's any seven relationship with former Senator Gary Hart Democratic Colorado and it is presidential campaign
So she's become born again now okay this flandering bitch
This miserable see you next time slut she got religion
Well you just fact me even in pages here yeah we had a rock on what is this that's terrible
Then we're fan of mimie says I don't think there's a vertical example of your poll that Dan Marino well what's wrong with Danny boy he was even on the CBS special last night talking through those funky lips
By the way you had two lions Danny and you blew one of them he blew it don't put Dan Marino on air to what what the hell's wrong with Danny boy
They're just jealous because he don't have them big teeth like your way here
Here's one that says my suggestion for Eddie Murphy
Oh that's good Eddie Murphy used to be very funny we like that he Murphy and then once he got caught with that
Transsexual or transvested a whatever was in the car then all of a sudden he turned into an asshole
And it also says crappy birthday advance thank you George Lucas
Yes everybody agrees with that says he should pass OJ by quickly what do you Ellen?
Nah I mean he's he's no different than he ever was you know I mean right still a nebish
Lead guy from Metallica and MP3 Nazi no Steve Martin what's wrong with Steve Martin I don't know no he's just
Jeffery Lourie oh it says no that's for next year okay it is this how come God let Brock Berlin down Saturday night doesn't God know that he blew my
Miss chance for national championship yeah God what tell us wrong with him and there's something wrong with God God must have been busy doing
Other crap like maybe help it to put out them forest fires in California man
Here's one from Tracy and Kendall says I would like to nominate Michael Douglas for the poll used to be cool and somewhat hot now
He just makes babies bad movies looks like he's been shrink wrapped
Excellent Michael Douglas get him on her I agree I just like Michael Douglas when he used to be unlike streets of fan
Francisco with Carl Maldon with a big nose and then he just thought that he was a sex pod
He just all became obsessed with himself. He's about a sexy is a pile of monkey done
Good going Tracy oh here's a good one some poll ideals from Tracy I want to save this who was your favorite child actor is there was not like Fred
Savage and Rick Schroeder Jodie Foster worst movie remakes a couple of good poll ideas I'm putting into my pool pile
I got a pile of polls on it. Thank you Pete M died because he only had three veins and it was heart instead of four
How do you like that we asked about Pete Mervich and here's the answer
Minister and Lakeland busted again in Lakeland for the third time we'll give the story. Thank you very much good fascist coming in
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line OJ is off to the races Michael Jackson is flown into second place
Here's a call from Miami. When is this?
Miami. Yes, sir. That's you
Neal I suggest Martin Moll for your poll
Martin Moll is pretty dull, but he was pretty great when he was on for inwood tonight and Mary Horne
Well, what is he on now when do we ever see Martin Moll?
Actually, I was squirming. You think he disappeared. Yeah, he disappeared. Okay. I breached
He was such a piece of crap. I think they flushed him
Maybe my brother flushed him out of throw it a mom's house. Yeah, thanks for the a tripod Martin Moll very dull. Yeah
Was he ever great? No, no, I don't know that I thought five six seven here somebody who was never great farmers
Yeah
Town five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Don't forget best of the elephant pet rescue
Get on our website and buy a whole bunch of crap. Okay. It's for a really good cause and we're stalled out
When in doubt we're just stalled out nothing over the weekend not one dime not one single solitary donation
Not a shackle now. How about the pilot checks you've had from inside the building already? It's not even
Oh, yeah, I got piles and piles we got piles
Hey, thanks a lot Greg and screw in and Todd Dreck and
Tristradford and whom I leave it out Gary Sarner Gary Sarner and
Humper and mad dog and for all I
Know any case gonna come through. We just this and he has to poke him and wake him up on these days. Thanks a lot for all your help
The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Raffle Association
Let's face most of us will never be rich hell
We probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressing
But as usual with every problem there is a solution
Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns
They scared their shit out of people and intimidate them and in giving you whatever you want
That's right handguns think about it. Need some cash from a bank. Don't have enough money for fear all the convenience store
Takes chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free if you've got a handgun some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend
Kill him to simple solution of life's complex problems
All I have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner
Well, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares?
Buy the damn thing off the street just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out
And be considered a population control. Yes handguns. They just might make you famous
cover one at five sixty double. I didn't play the annuna one there
How this is who might want you know one right huh? It's never too late. I don't want to do it
Of course as governor Graham will not seek reelection in 2004. They just put it on CNN
Bobby Graham is announcing today that he is not gonna seek reelection to a fourth term
And he was he is stepping down man. He's had it his BDI's are rolling around. He's loaded with cash like Bob Graham
It's too bad. He's got no personality
He didn't have a whole lot of money behind him and nobody knows who the hell he is outside of Florida
But nevertheless he told it like it was all along
He was he was one of the guys with balls
He's one of the few Florida politicians. We can be proud of who went to balls to say hey, this is a pile of crap
And you were on terror is a bunch of crap and not doing the right things and you were like, you know wagon the old dog
Speaking of that black support for elephant is crumbling all right. That's good news
At the opening of the African American Research Center October 2002 can it actually be new already?
You know most days we say can it is it only like new right and
Now it's new and this thing is zooming on by god damn it. It's way we like it
Let's place some bits at the opening of the African African American Research Center in October 2002 residents cheered in supportive and battle supervisor of elections
Miriam elephant brown County's only black elected official a year later, meaning now hardly anyone in the black community is supporting elephant good
It's about time you dark folks came to your senses and by the way not only will dark folks not be allowed own guns from now on but also not telephones
Early on Miriam had a very strong black support stronger than estimated some County commissioner Joseph Joseph
Ego what is kind of a name is Joseph
Joseph is a Galaton that's a Bible name no Schmidt
They were willing to stand up and go to war even with Democrats however since then black support is waned
And Gillette I don't I never saw that name before my life eGG
ELLE T I O N once a staunch supporter of the election supervisor said he and others could no longer defend elephant because she is
Refused good political advice and couldn't explain the recent firings in her office to their satisfaction
He said people embrace Miriam as their child
But when it comes to the point when a child will not listen to you
You have to let that child learn a hard way in other words when in doubt kick him out
Publicly sides formed along racial lines creating a riff that remains elephant became a symbol of racial pride
Against the crush of white criticism
Blacks bristle went out of commissioners of tacture and public it appears now
There's a large group of influential black people against her said e Pat Larkins a Pomato Beach Commissioner
And there's a group of non-influential black people to support her because they still think it's a racial thing
It's not a racial thing. She's in top of it. Do you understand? You get it? She's in competent non-cop is penis man
She can't cut the mustard
God how about those 80,000 ballots that never got set out to voters in brown
How about the people that got like a whole bunch of extra ballot?
30 mail just in case they want a few vote a few extra times
Well, those people just take their extra ballot mail it to the people that didn't get theirs. I'd just give it to us
We'll take her
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
What person is this best described someone who used to be great?
But is now a real piece of crap can be like an athlete an actor politician a douchebag what it is whatever you like
Here's the call from Pompano. Hello. Hi Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. I got a good one for you
Someone who used to be great, but it's now a real piece of crap. That was it
Ted Nugent he used to be great
You go back in the 70s man
He was the best and now he's on the board of directors for the NRA
Yeah, now he's the right-wing asshole exactly
Okay, good one he always was you know thanks pal. He always was what a right-wing asshole
Yeah, we didn't know that don't see
We didn't know that much about him. He's talking about musically
He used to be great and then he turned it away
It's like Dennis Miller. He may have always been a right-wing asshole
But he just didn't open his pus about it and
Now he's just turned it away a walking ad for the bushmeister and the fascism is what Dennis Miller is and tenu-jent too
They're always on a bad wagon. You know always showing up at these functions stuff like that
Don't worry, doc. His rumspelled says hey, it's war crap hat shut up
Yeah, that's right. That's a great answer to the question Donnie you idiot you not see bastard you hairman gearing junior
I think it's here. I'm carrying with bad glasses is it with a same guy reincarnation?
Here's the call from Kendall. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Neil how about David Letterman?
David Letterman is a good choice. He's for his ratings are dropper like a rock
And thank you David Letterman's a good choice in fact there's a big several big articles
I didn't bother with it because it's yeah media trivia
But Jay Leno was kicking his ass and I'm gonna tell you something when Jay Leno kicks you rest you know
You've got big problems and they're the excuses from CB as well. We got a week 10 to 11 lineup all this other crap
I
Know it makes a difference, but I'll say this to because both of them follow the the evening news
So it seems to me correctly if I'm wrong
But it seems to me if there's a program that you like they have these amazing things called remote controls that even people who live in the
Tenements have got remote controls
Right right yeah, that's right. We don't have tenements them in to get a
We get told they got remote controls even down there at Caracas that time where they had like the little
Tinshacks with the TV antenna on top how much of they got a remote because they sure live in a remote place
So if you want to change the channel. It's really easy. Just click it man. Why?
Don't like that real TV. I'm playing baggage cells and lost luggage. I like that city confidential on any
It's a good show the only thing is that guy bugs me the narrator because he sounds just like Vincent Price
And it's not of course because he's been dead a long time and I know the guy's name, but I can't think of it
Yeah, you should rather I'd rather listen to him than Wolf Blitzkrieg. It's a vital you yeah, get out of here man
I hate him. Don't you he he looks like another member of the abund
Wolf Blitzkrieg I guarantee he's got one of them cards in his wallet
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line oh bad news for the bush liquors too
State of California says Bush ignored fire plea they say the officials warned him of a tender box
California officials accused the Bush administration of ignoring urgent pleas months ago for emergency help to remove beetle
infested trees that experts weren't confused a catastrophic Southern California fire
The US Senate passed controversial legislation last Thursday allowing the thinning of force across the West and another
Debater up that over whether dire warnings about a bark beetle infestation were ignored in Washington in April
Governor Gaye Davis requested 430 million dollars to move on healthy trees on
415 thousand acres of force for the request for emergency funds went unanswered until last week and then was denied denied
You ready?
I'm ready there was reason the governor requested the declaration said
Gaye Davis spokesman Steve McViglio and I'm sure there are a lot of families without homes who are disappointed that it wasn't approved
Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer speaking in the California and the Senate on Thursday's debate on the healthy forest bill complained that President Bush had failed to act on the state's
Request for help and that now Californians were suffering
We named three of the four counties that are up and smoking we begged him to declare disaster
We begged him we saw this coming a mile away the bill passed 80 to 14 out that have to stay burned out
You ready for that?
Uh-huh
For more than a year California officials are afraid that about an infestation of native beetles that drilled into trees mostly pine and fur
They feast on bark and carry a fungus that blocks the trees vascular system from carrying water
Did you know a tree had a vascular system? Yes, I did I didn't know that sure a vascular system like a tree's got a heart. Yep
Come on
Yeah, can you can you hear it beating?
Artichokes never eating an artichoke heart. Yeah, say there. Well, I'll be damn. I feel bad now
Healthy trees normally can reject the beetles, but the bugs are geography. I love artichokes in Italy
Man those those greasers manage you know how to cook you know yeah, they can cook up anything
Healthy trees normally can reject the beetles, but the bugs have thrived because of a four-year drought as we can
Thou's the trees in Southern California leaving them brittle tender well
I used to be brittle tender now they're just ashes probably
How do you like that? So once again this president just you know not not on top of it. Sleep at the switch
Two busy kilonewton people
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 t and for rise and wireless line
Let me say it again when is the public ever in American gonna finally get mad? How many of these tragedies like yesterday?
How many more American kids have to die?
Before the public finally starts getting pissed off and says hey, this is like desi who all over again. This is like Vietnam
We didn't know what the hell we were doing there
And we sure as hell don't know what they were doing in Iraq because it was all based on
Predicated on a bunch of lies and it was all planned before 9-11 anyway
Think about it and then get back to your sitcoms. Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, and reality shows yesterday. Hey fantastic. You got good to talk you've been listening for years
Oh, yeah, I've been incredible. You do a good job. It's a good job too
I guess the point I wanted to make was in regards to the guys dying overseas. It's just incredible that the country does nothing
Mm-hmm everybody's quiet. You don't hear any talk about it
They're just desensitized of violence and death and destruction. They don't give a crap as long as it's not somebody they know or care about
They don't seem to give a crap they just accept it and
Secondly
For the band and tech rescue how come they don't keep the CDs with them when they do it all some games
Who's they?
I don't guys it's a Q. I.m. I went up to the booth and spoke to somebody and
And said that surprisingly Neil is so popular, but we don't have any of the CDs
Well, wait a minute. They said what?
There was I don't know it wasn't one of the broadcasters. I might have been somebody helping out
He said surprisingly Neil is still popular, but we don't have the CDs. Yeah, he's no surprisingly Neil is so popular. Oh, I see
Like I guess maybe a couple of people all this sides me had asked if they had any CDs with him
Well, that that you don't understand that would mean that some other part of the radio station was interesting to helping us out and they're not
It's not
Confedated. Yeah, I mean, it's like you you know you make the station
Without you without you and George. I don't think I'd be listening
They can just shut it off and turn the key and a lock. That's right incredible
Thank you. It's already a great read once said to me
When I first after a few months on the station he said before you came here
We didn't have any ratings actually said that which is kind of a dumb thing to say
Well, what do you expect from Greg something dumb? I mean why would you say that to somebody?
It's like oh, how much you want you want five million ten million whatever you want
So let's work on it by the way we don't have new copy Troy Stratford is he on vacation or something
Have you seen his ball the dark conflict of the head? Yeah, I saw it. Well, what's what the hell is the story Troy?
Today is November the second I got copy for Pompe no Park that says for last week, which I know this is for last week God damn it Troy
This seriously who is in charge who is running that God damn places there anybody when I'm there next week
I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna kick some ass. I'm gonna put on my steel boots
With a spurs on it. I'm gonna start kicking some serious goddamn ass
My foot is gonna be up most of the record in that joint
Especially the salespeople and that's for ran course in her case, you know, everything else has been in there
Why not not my foot?
What are you can't complain about the job they're doing because they're not doing any and that's all of them all of them
Adam he selects us to do a w he sends me a new piece of copy that's the same verbatim as the one from last week and a week before that
He told me they changed a word they they changed a word. Yeah, but he didn't tell me which one
I got a word for you Adam
1213 at 560 wqm attention horse racing fans
Pompe no Park is open for their 40th anniversary season
Featuring top-class harness racing every night well not every night
But Monday went to the Friday and Saturday and high stakes poker new post time for the first race including tonight
705 p.m. I bet your fat riches their plush is guts out
People wonder gee lost a lot of weight. That's because he's been plush in his guts out. They've disappeared at Pompe no Park
705 p.m. Is first the post-time for harness racing in the poker room is open new in the midnight every live racing day
Which like I said right now Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday
Pompe no Parks also got the best in summer casting every day's and night seven days a week
The best in harness durbera high-line action fall across North America and don't forget general parking and admission
Always free at Pompe no Park knew this season of 20% increase in purses a nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher
And a revamped free power player rewards program that gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker
They can be even for special gifts and betting vouchers and every Wednesday at Pompe no Park is dollar night for draft your hot dogs
Soldiers and more only a bucket piece
Pompe no Park where the action is don't forget first post tonight
Pompe no Park is a block south Atlantic Boulevard on power line road called 954
972 2000 for the new race schedule or if you want to get the simulcast and full schedule go on a line at pompe no Park dot com
Why in local your sports video 560 healing you a m
It's day
My any time
At 56 WQ
Coming up tonight uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity news at Bargurview profile story
They had one of the biggest selling singles of all time with boop there it is
But boop there what is
Tonight we find out from tag team
Well, I was at the gastro in Surrealis just you know because of my impacted bowled tag team co-founder
DC the brain supreme and he finally gets me on cloud know I'm saying and it's just blasts out of me like you know
Woom and the doctor goes there it is we couldn't believe our ears
He was talking about popping a squat now a great artist incorporates ever aspect of his life into his music
Even that moment when you finally loosen up the squeeze more now again
Oh no you're
Kidding me tag team swarmer manager chit stools nothing sold five million copies
You have any idea how rich we got off that song and now you're telling me it's about taking a
Dump that is beautiful
Now at last on a shame of the skinny pilot his own refuse which inspired the song
Atlanta native DC the brain. That's it all hang out during a recent reunion concert at the Fulton Georgia County fair
Tag team they made their money so you might as well know we're going to mention bowled movements one more time
It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight on inside the behind there you go
I wonder if my brother said that to my mother you know when he came out of the room saying my got something here to show you
There it is
I guarantee you guarantee you shaped like this
Here's the fact that says before he gets one with faxes and birthday cards
Oh, yeah, and all sorts of party favors
I want to wish you a very happy birthday many more says how's the kisses from PR Ralph?
We love you PR Ralph even Ola Jordan George likes to him but all the other four weekends
I can't find George. I like the weekends. That's because all the spigs they all hate each other
You know, it's one of them things like the Jews the orthodox and the conservative to reform
Well, look at that pigeon brush. I wish I had like a pea shooter like Ted Williams used to have a VB gun. Yeah
Of course, I probably have to break the glass
108 votes man. Oh, Jay. They despise you. He's got exactly double next to the competitor
Which person best describes that somebody who used to be great, but is now a piece of
Crap speaking of that a lot of crap going around today going down
OJ 108 Michael Jackson 54 and that incredible exactly double
Phil Henry's got 40 doing pretty good. Okay
Dennis Miller 26 Wayne Highsenga 17 Chuck Heston 16
15 for Colin Powell. He's rolling and he's lying
I'll pat Riley 12 Eric Lindross 10. That was my vote. Hey Eric. He used to be great. You suck
You blow
Jerry Lewis five list Taylor five Eddie Murphy five time jikers got four
Tom green three David Letterman Pete Rose George Lucas and Don Amistue. Yeah, remember the facts
Oh, what's George Lucas goes on here. He'll go zooming by OJ
Right. He's all the way up to two vote
Robin Williams won Michael Douglas and Ted Nugin have got the big
None so far
I'll want you people to watch Oprah. I got some very out warning for you
Yeah, feeling stressed unable to cope perhaps you should turn off your TV so this says
According to a new study
Fans of the Oprah Winfrey show have higher stress levels than those who are not fans. You ready for that? Oh, I believe it
I told you that yeah, it's enough to make you puke
According to the study five percent of the countries that held population or nine million people said they feel so much stress
They can no longer cope half of those said they're fans of the Oprah show
Do you watch Oprah? Yes, and I'm stressed out. Yes, but I'm not overly stressed. No, I'm still stressed out
No, I'm not overly stressed. That was the question
Then be the questions the study was commissioned by Hale Duaskin author of the Sedona method
Which offers readers methods to relieve anxiety and preparation for the release of his book
According to a news release announcing the study
Either watching Oprah leads to anxiety or severely stressed Americans are drawn to work to look for solutions
Under show he said in the release however most likely conclusion we can make is that people who seek out Oprah her life a firming TV
Are probably just more aware open honest with their motions right? Yeah
The study also found that 76 percent of fans of the Oprah show said they wish their lives were calmer almost 20 percent higher than non fans
Fans of the Oprah show were also twice as likely as non-fans to say they were unable to cope with a stress in their lives
So maybe they can turn on Dr. Phil
Yeah, sure he coat that'll do it and he can he can bitch him out
I ever see him together with judge Judy same person
5670560 see that's what that's what I told you this the other day
That's where it's at bitching people out. That's what America loves watching somebody else get in bitched out because for once it's not them
No matter what it's for for being fat for being unfaithful for me
Whatever they want to see somebody else just get in bitched out and get in stand in the back and humiliated and treat the like crap
Because at least it's not them
And with that in mind aren't we cursed down here a curse it
Here's a call from Hollywood hello
Yes, sir
How you doing sir
Get Clark oh
Outstanding
You the last one isn't he is a major asshole thanks a lot of pilots a good choice
He must have seen bowling for Columbine
Dick Clark nobody didn't like dick
And then all of a sudden we found out from Michael Moore thing good to see my I don't care what anybody says
I'd vote for Michael Moore 50 times
Really this guy of course he would never get in because he's not you know
He's not owned they don't have all the strings attached him like they have all these other damn
He's too frumpy no no he's not too frumpy. He's just he's too unconnected
He's not owned by the big corporations. He doesn't have to answer to anybody which is exactly what we need what we want
I don't care whether it's a Wesley Clark who's just hand picked by the Clintons and then that gang of people you know and
And any of them except for Howard Dean who seems to be like at least a little and of course Gavhart the unions are pulling all of his strings
Plus in effect you talk about wimpy. Oh, man
Dick Gavhart would be like another Michael Duke caucus in Walter Mondale
It would be like just saying okay. Why bother wasting your money on election
That's what we just we just can see the feet
We throw into tell
We forfeit the game right? Oh, yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're looking at this tobey dodge inventing a rack pulls and help out here for the Russians the French and the Germans were
They were asked to help contribute troops and financially and they turned the US down
That's certainly the case
There's a lot of bad feeling about about how the war was launched about how the u.a. At the trouble at the u.n
But now now that the war is over and now that there's clearly a lot of problems
I think the French and the Germans are going to have to be asked again
But you're going to have to bring in the United Nations much more sensually to allow other countries to pull in let's take another cross
He stands off a constipation. You know maybe my mom can give him a good talk and do
5 6 7 hey guess what mod is more to life than just crap
Okay, I realized that when you get to be old and you're waiting for that last breath
But there's got to be something more than
Geez although like she said if she could just have a good one once a week she'd be ecstatic
Possibly she'd be a happy camper just one really good one once a week
She probably didn't take pictures. Oh God
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. How you doing Neil pretty good sir. I can't believe you forgot one person that you always mentioned on the air
How are stern
Having already been through that a great length how it's stern
As much as I mentioned I don't like his show. I'm not putting a minor because he's not a piece of crap
It's one thing if you don't like somebody's working on like this show
But he's a gigantically hugely successful and he's not a piece of crap. See that's what they don't understand
I mean granted this show used to be a hell of a lot of funnier and a lot better than it is now assuming you listen
But he and a piece of crap
And spider what George said because George don't like him so therefore everybody if we just put everybody on list that we don't like
We could like help this through the end of the year. They're taking your work for it that used to be uh something
Something he was the show used to be a hoodie used to be very funny
Okay, and he's another apologist for out president. I'm saying this war and everything
Yeah
All right put him on there. It'll make you guys feel better put Howard Stern on there
Okay, because I have no accident on his behalf. That's for god. They'm sure
But if you want to put Howard Stern on there go ahead and put Howard Stern on a pole
Okay, and the only reason I sent you a facts of uh Howard Stern again
Is because it's one out of five. I'm only fact seeing one out of five Howard Stern facts is to you
Okay, put him on there. Hey, it's how it how it's fam
1226 and 560 wQ. Let me tell you about a great place for all you diners out there
You know everybody in the world in fact you're even some of your cartoon this morning about the Edkins death
That's how popular it's becoming
Everybody who's dieting maybe 90% either run atkin south beach died sugarbusters low carb sugar-free
That's where it's at for most people
The only problem with these is that they're boring as hell and you need some taste
You need something sweet something with some variety. That's why the lights comes in so strong
Because it delights the West Booker your search for all these good things is over
They've got a worth thousand low-carb product in the one great store and don't forget you can try any of them before you buy them too
They got bagels and breads and cheesecakes muffins brownies chocolate's pasta great sauces
They got pasta sauces very very low in carbs dips and soups ketchup's carbolite ice cream
Champion light drinks in five great flavors walnut brownies by control carb apple cinnamon granola by carbs
Since crunchy pretzels by carbs since and don't forget the Edkins products are on sale all day every day
Activized the lights is open seven days a week from 10 to 10 and you'll fight them on the northeast corner of glazed in
441 next to Boston market safely far away from where the mole man lives column tool free at 1 877 low-carb
L-O-W-C-A-R-B run a web. It's low-carb.com
The lights west booker absolutely be your official Atkins retail center. Oh watch out Dr. Bob
Way have a safe trip to Toronto
Ginger be safe
Why don't you go back to Canada you two bastards? This is Mary Ellen fish box and I saw my opponent
Morton and his New York City bosses run over a monkey
My opponent Mary Ellen fish box has her period three out of four weeks a month
My opponent Morton got fired from the mall
Essentially harassing a mannequin well my opponent Mary Ellen fish box
Each leftover fruit from box glasses
My opponent Mary Ellen fish box never offer to reach around
Your frigid bitch
You can get laid in drainage village if you're spooge was a cure for a
Where you're a lesbos
There a piece of crap you're at no good skig
I'm dead bigger
Inform by friends of Morton and Mary Ellen fish box 1231 at 560 WQM. Happy Monday to you
Uh what person does this best describe someone who used to be great
But is now a real piece of crap. We finally I came then put our stern on there after how many faches
About third man a bunch
Are you tongue tied now or what all right here? Okay
OJ simpson 116. I don't think nobody's gonna get near OJ now. No, it's good for him. He sure can't run
Michael Jackson pithy even would embed our thridic knees playing golf all the time, you know
116 Michael Jackson 57 Phil Henry's got 40 are you sure
Dennis Miller 29 Wayne high singer 21 Chuck Heston and Colin Powell 17 of peace
Pat Rottie's got 12 evil to slick here in the Ronnie Reagan haircut Eric Lindross 11
And then a single digits list Taylor six 80 Murphy five jury Lewis five David Letterman four times jika four time green three and everybody else like
Pretty tiny anybody I would zero. Yeah, Dick Clark. He just went on her. He got none. He'll get some
Out of 350 something vote
Don't forget the mad dog returns it to this afternoon
All right after a long long extended, I guess vacation. I don't know what that was going on
Wouldn't it be nice if they would tell us these things?
Just cause a trouble again clearance or a muffler somebody. Yeah give us like a little information was
A managed on vacation last week was that his usual busman's holiday what's going on guys
And instead what I get from Duffie be morning. He's like his health report about how good he's feeling and about his
Heart is still in one place and he's still beaten it in his heart to it. Yeah
Mad dog at two the hoppers at chulas four to seven the rickie William show which ought to be a real major embarrassment
Which it already is seven away tonight at the Clevelander
You know what they're saying about your rickie beside the fact that you can't run
Orlando al sugiri the big big eight to ten tonight
Eddie K from ten to two and joy mark overnight two to about 36 yards on 13 carries my right skyd is that what it was?
He's on the phone. It was it was pretty pauper. It was it was embarrassing was pathetic
As the dolphins had that unbelievable opportunity in the last minutes of the game on that interception
So yeah, when a dot pull it out they get all in the marie finally kicked a field goal all in the marie used to kick him far
That no more used to kick him farie. Well, that's Canadian a
And then they have a chance to pull it out and here comes
From blindside and Brian Greasey gets belted from behind and there's the ball and Brian both on the ground
That's Brian's problem. He's about two of this for weeks now people haven't made from what I'm hearing
He spends too much time on the ground on the floor
Here's my me legs. Hello
Sir I have one question for you. Yes, they'll look Canada all this time
Have you lost your memory of your greatest friend that should be number at least two on the list and who's that?
Marie came
When they already great
Where was he great? Was he not a good good friend of yours? No
You know you got him confused with stand major
God almighty the lary king drop it doesn't have anything to do with me
I wouldn't load a 50 cent it has to do with everybody else that he knew in South Florida. I mean
Right
That they didn't it wasn't 50 bucks either was like five thousand here and a thousand there in ten time not to mention all the bad checks
He passed at Gulfstream
They never paid anybody back. Only just you know this guy's got a lary confused with stand made you ever seen together? No same person
Only at least lary don't want to borrow one of my corvettes. How's his car's in a shop? Hey stand
Don't ever call my house again. Okay, you end or can
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on this business again how people's phone numbers it just it's outrageous, you know
Yeah, whether it's my mother whether it's Norma can't people give it out your phone number
Isn't it customarily just the the proper the polite the reasonable thing to do say hey
So once I want to get in touch with is it okay if I give me your number isn't that what right normal people?
Yeah, I do yeah, but then again
I said normal people then I mentioned my mother in Norma can't the same sentence which of course is a major joke
A stand made you joke
You mark my words that'll be next
Stand major be calling here. Well when you get back to town
I like to borrow another little checker from it times are kind of tight. I'll give you a number after the show
I should have no problem doing that for him because after I'm an overpaid talent. That's right
Cuban President Fidel Castro praised governor like Arnold Schwarzenegger's muscles
But wondered how much brain power the former mr. Universe has how come a fiddle can figure it out but the voters of California couldn't
To judge from the photographs he has a lot of muscle but they haven't tested him to see how much muscle he has in the brain
The bearded goofball quip during a five-hour speech Friday evening closing a Latin American social sciences conference
He may well have more force in his arms than in the brain Castro
77 said they former Austrian bodybuilder who went from a V movie actor to Hollywood star and governor of the richest US state
At least he has the merit of having done a lot of exercise at a cast through played basketball and baseball when he was younger
How many years ago
anti-caster white smiles in Miami have called on California's future Republican governor
Not to trade with the communist run island where cash was been in power since the
1959 global led revolution earlier this year a Californian firm became the first American company to sell seafood to Cuban four decades under a
2000 law that easy was trade sanctions to love the sales of agricultural products
How do you like that it's working pretty good to that policy isn't it? Oh, yeah
Look at them again. I put it the bearded one and this may like on a verge of revolution and overthrow and the freedom no
It's working pretty good aliena you crazy bitch
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's for a lottery. Hello
For a lottery deal. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't know if he's ever been great
I know he's a crap
You're a run field said yesterday about the edges faster and I rack
Yeah, I did I talked about a three or four times already today. Yeah
Was he ever great? No, he's always been a piece of crap in fact
Did you see the clip they showed was on 60 minutes? One of the news shows from
Nixon
No saying that we're gonna have to he's on a way out anyway, so we're gonna have to like eliminate him
Which we're not really sure what they were talking about which way but at any rate that that was ancient history
Mm-hmm
He's at least consistent. Well, it's felt he's always been a big piece of crap
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Miami, when is this male? Yes, sir
Any uh, you know, this above a loading your bowl with uh with sports figures all our sister's radio in it
Uh, how about how about uh how about Kobe Bryant
I
How about he's no a James Simpson, but uh, you know, he's pretty much a piece of crap
Why is he can do it? Is he been convicted of anything yet? Yeah, it doesn't matter
Oh, it doesn't matter. Okay. Well, there you go. There's a guy that's just reinvented the whole justice system
Yeah, the jury's still out on that one
Yeah, I mean, I wouldn't put him on here. He's still playing with the Lakers
He's still pretty good basketball player assuming that means anything which to me doesn't but uh nevertheless
Don't we hit Kobe Bryant on our pool tomorrow? Oh, yeah, that's right. Which of these you least interested in hearing about for tomorrow
See, I'm doing polls days ahead
That way I can just back some in and go back to bed
According to what Tom jicker said. I'll just back to pull into you guys then you can handle it. All right
Well, that'll be my contribution. You have to admit that's the biggest uh, biggest chore every day, right?
Coming up with something new and interesting
In fact, Eric what Eric ought to be doing in the spare time since this is not one of those that we're gonna change today
Maybe we ought to like go back here. We've done over a thousand polls now
Yeah, we started doing right and we ought to like start rehashing some of the old ones
I'm not talking about the demographic surveys or really, you know, we do those like once a year
So they said to Ellie on the back some of the stuff we haven't done in a coon's age
Right, right? Ellie and Gonzalez send it back keeping here. Yeah, Ellie and Gonzalez. What do you think? Should we keep them here?
No, she was sending back?
Yeah
Ellie and Gonzalez and what about the Pope?
What about it?
Ellie on in the Pope table. Let me go to hold
21 till one at five sixty WQA. And who I think of this thing is zooming along today
So I always the phone is starting to like really a slack off pretty bad
So that's why I'm starting to talk a lot more slowly now good
Well approaching wins they approaching that birthday man
If anybody would have told me you're gonna still be doing this crap on your sixty one. I just said, oh yeah
Mama speaking your mama what if you want to ask John or Dave what they want for your birthday
How about my Peruvian friend here
Huh?
I just want to ask everybody a present for my birthday
Certainly. I think what I'll probably do is take a friend to a Ruth Chris for my birthday once in a house
That's uh and I'll buy time
See I'm not I'm not one of those people. I don't want presents. I don't expect from anybody else. I'm a giver man
Well too bad. I'm a giver not a receiver
Oh trust me when I tell you all the pain. No
No, oh god. No
Why you're laughing, but that's your bag man. You want to inflict on all these poor women
Just because your wife keeps turning you down just because your wife keeps turning down. I know how you like trying to avoid hearing that
touchy. I
I guess not. Does she? What? I'm not talking about that you don't you don't make babies by sticking it there man
I'll say that right now in fact. Nope. Scott drama diaphragm. Okay. Yeah, I'm a little bit of diaphragm and try to instruct him because he seems to be having trouble lately
Finger ring it out. I should have stayed the course. I wouldn't be in this. Yeah, that's right if you
Oh man
Whoo
Hey big news
Howl at Pontiac GMC is just been voted the number one Pontiac GMC dealer in all of the county and customer satisfaction
And our friends Tom Lemon and Joe Prieto are pleased as much and they want to thank all their loyal customers for their long amazing support
Stop by Halette and why do they're be sure and check out the Pontiac vibe normally retails for over 20 grand
But you can buy it fully loaded at hell right now for just 16,500 plus tax and tag
Halette is your truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from including the Yukon and Yukon Yukon and Yukon
It's what I'm sure must be like the Excel or something. Yeah. Hey Bob Eisenberg
There's a misprint in a copy you had to me see what our sales department does is they just take a piece of copy from the agency
And no matter what it says they just pass it along they don't proofread it
They don't look at it. They don't correct mistakes. They just hand you a piece of words on a piece of paper
Hey, I'm doing my job. Where's my commission check? You know Bob Eisenberg you're a schmuck
Coming soon to Halette the new on-voy SUV the most unique SUV on a market
Great Neil deals waiting for you every day at Halette Pontiac GMC
134-01
South Dixie highway that's you west want to cross from the falls open every day seven days a week
If you want more info call the nea Rogers Neil deal hotline when you call be sure mentioned Bob Eisenberg's name and talk about his hair piece
One Tribal 8 534-42 11. That's one Tribal 8 534-42 11 don't forget all offers subject to credit approval
See the good folks in hell afford details Halette Pontiac GMC who most positively are professional grade
My life and law
This is 420-06
You ain't too way
Really showing his age you know that half a day more than minimum way
You're leaking Kenya
You don't work like a slave
They got to do the shbag
The shbag
You gotta die
Back in 159 for pay hold up
The comfort let him lie for safe sighted
That he's the lifefully white
They got to do the shbag
The shbag
Older tailed of crappy chic retroester runs
The shbag
The shbag
He's poorly waged to employees
That he's got the flarts of douchebag
Douchebag
I kind of puffy white and the man
I can't douchebag
Douchebag
With all the gelties got to keep drives around in a gutteraband
Douchebag
To got the gig
To replace Bob Ford who banked a gig
In the back of this fort that's all he did
The band stand was born
The flarts of douchebag
Douchebag
He's in the light
With anybody with wind
The gash of prices
On the fear of mint
He never mind it
The gossip wasn't his
He got to do shbag
Douchebag
I never realized
What a thin piece of crappy news
After all the years I've been wanting it
The flarts of cranky old homes
Are angry cow's a dream
Douchebag
Douchebag
Oh
Club 47 at 560 WQM happy Monday to you
Whether you're liking it or not
I understand a lot of long faces down there
Oh gee
Well we're cursed here
We're cursed
Just ball games okay
If that's what your whole life is revolved around
How about a revolver
That sounds like a good idea to me
A little Russian relic can't hurt
Right, here's all curses
I have an idea what you're not going to like
Because of course you do the show every now and then
Wednesdays this week on Mushroomit Canon in one to two hours
All right
Well I'm looking at the stats page here
Which you know I'm a big student of all of this crap
Which you probably usually doesn't mean anything
But the nevertheless
And Wednesday is two days and third days are really huge on our website
Okay
And Wednesday now Monday is the weakest
Which you know that and then Friday is
And the reason being that it's the beginning and end of the week
Okay
Always
But Wednesday there's a lag
In the number of hits and pages all of that stuff
Not not huge
But enough to make you say
Hey that's a cop out
We're not doing our job man
Four hours that they to get paid the kind of money that you and George are making
Oh you anyway
And Scott
So I mean you know
Doing three hours and then playing a bunch of comedy
But that was okay to carry over when you were like
Daughtering and you know
But that feel pretty good now
You know plus Wednesday be my birthday
That's right
And I want to give everybody a new audience
How many we got left
About third man
A chance to call us and say
Hey you know crappy birthday or whatever
Up your ass
Whatever they like to say you know
Because they're not very loving and warm and kind like I am
And generous
We got a mini open lines on the board which shocks me because there should be many many more names for this poll today
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Here's someone who used to be great and dropped off the face of the earth
Who's that?
Morale, Bosch wrong
No he didn't drop off of the face of the earth. He won't erase it the flambore last night
Ah I didn't see
He's here in Toronto, eh
I don't think he's allowed back in the country
No and not in the US
But he used to be great at someone the whole program at Hazel Park
He uh he got banded Pompato Park and boy it takes a lot to get banned there man
Anybody would let Mickey McNickel back in was that to you
You know
Okay, no more harness racing talk Joe Mars Jr.'s God
Mario Bayazzaan you see is there any other talk host in America with no who that is?
No
No
Who comes to trivial crap? I'm telling you I got him all licked
I got him licked
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Maybe in the last hour of existing seems to be we've reached the uh end of it
Maybe we got to do a poll on the Wednesday one to two hour
Okay
To me kills the poll
Oh, that would have been for Eric changing the poll at one o'clock to think he can handle that
Well don't do it today
No in fact Eric didn't know you know you rip him all the time because you hit him like poison
Ah
And he doesn't want to be and he doesn't want to be associated with anybody like you
Well no you you're a good match because you both hate each other
Don't say why do you say that I say it because it's true that
Your honest Joe and you just are tired of being brought all the closet all the time whether it's Rick Raleigh
Eric where it is you lie so much it's not funny about what all of the above
No, they're gonna matter a thousand away. Maybe not Rick Raleigh
But certainly Eric I don't hate you but that's what he thinks you think you're like an idiot. Yeah, okay, so
Anyway, he did a really nice thing on our website. Have you noticed on the bedtime stories?
The new format he created told me over the weekend in fact over the weekend the stories were the the um
Teases for the stories were like extra long
Because he was in the process of making a change and if you look at them now they're nice and concise
Yeah, and you can scan through the stories much easier. Am I nice going Eric? It looks beautiful. See that pretty
Yeah, you know what I'm no none. That's just pretty. It's just more convenient
For seeing what the headlines are and then picking and choosing which ones are interesting new which ones you want to read
So what we'll do between one and two is decide the fate ultimately will I mean we've done it before
But now that I'm considering Schmidt canning it and just doing a regular four-hour show
I'm sure that muffin clearance will hold on it. Oh, yeah
You're right on that deal just like the seven months. I didn't take any calls between the two of them guys. There is it one nut
I mean at least John Crocken Tom Green. At least those guys have one nut
You know what but between muff and clearance there isn't even a little teeny tiny bevy
Because during the seven months I stopped taking the calls and you know as well as I do the reason I stop taking the calls
Is because we when they stuck us on nine to one that was the death now not that the calls were ever great
But that was the end of the show basically
So thank the Lord do we got tended to back
Because they created a format there that was never gonna work nobody starts a show at nine o'clock in the morning
Unless they do like nine to noon which sounds good to me
Fies
Man nine to noon sounds great when they blow them all out and you're for all I mean blow them
Huh whenever good for all six to nine we're nine to noon mad dog into three Humper three to six per pro
You know anything after six the big oh, I think that's the catch me out baby
Then that way they can salvage the word you'll never believe what Norma can't say to me on a phone
You know the day Friday when he called which I don't want to talk to him
He said this half seriously. He says oh you want me to get together with Greg and extend your contract another two years
He this is my attorney okay my agent my close personal fact friend
Norma can't say it's the name
Now you know what's gonna happen? They'll call me nine say oh did I hear you?
I heard a rumor that you said you wanted me to call Greg and get your contract extended
They norm extend this
You idiot
Here's a lady in Hollywood hello
Is this really a lady?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, this is a lady. Well, yes, you're so quick to judge. You probably think it was Reverend Jones
I didn't say that. He's on the wrong side. Here's the call from Hollywood. Hello
You have the intelligence you won't be working here would you?
There you go. Oh nothing to your dad
In case we need thank you much
What do you say we're talking to his daughter I think
5 6 7 0 5 60 I have no idea what that was pound 5 60 on the AT&T
No, I told you the calls are great man. Let's stick with that one to two hour
That's another reason that we like it not just this is like an easy, you know hump in the middle of the week
Get us over the hump but it also but I'll put it up to the audience and I'll tell you right now
Because usually I pay no attention to whatever they say whatever the verdict of the audience will be on that pool
Which I'll write up during the break at that point will abide by it right
Sure, whatever you say although if we don't like the result
Here's a call from four-letter deal. Hello
Happy birthday
Thanks
Can I can barely hear you man? Okay, can you hear me now? Oh geez. Yeah. Okay good
Anyway, not that Mohawar David needs any reinforcement that he's an absolute bonehead
Absolutely
He said yesterday he said
Somebody made the initial hit and didn't even correct himself
Is he an idiot yes, yes, anyway
I said you want to hit it, no it's not the word. I think it's initials the word he's looking for
Man, don't be corrected to mullman. Okay. He forgot all the right words. You might be doing a drive-by pretty soon
Wouldn't surprise me
Meal thank you. That's one of the reasons I don't hang out through too much. Okay. Thanks palin
56705 60 you see it's good timing because this other pool or just aren't that many people that they think used to be great
But have turned into a bunch of crap, you know, and I think we got all the important ones on there already right every time
You think that we've got them all though somebody surprises like what like some of these names on the like Dick Clark
Are you are you trying to make trouble again now? Oh, yeah, that's my job
No, I'm serious. They even the last two or three people they have no more names for us
Believe me. Trust me. All right. Learn something
Don't be so controversial that no wonder Eric hates you. I'm not contrary
What person best described does this best describe here's the last thing from this pool. I will change it
Of course, you don't know what the new pool is yet before we change it. Let's tell them what the new pool is that would be helpful
What's your take you write this down
Should I write it huh you write it? Let's do it right on the air the audience likes that makes them feel like they're really insan
Insider stuff you know like oh listen to this what's your take on the uh on Niels
idea of
How we said
discontinuing getting rid of don't discontinue too big of a word. Oh sorry getting rid of the
Wednesday noon to one
Comedy bits are I wondered to whatever held it is see I'm back living in the past again. What did two comedy bits hour?
Huh?
All right
There you go. Here's the choices
I'm all for it
Get rid of it
Right all right. I'm all for it. Get rid of it. Uh, I really don't care
Now, not I read I'll listen anyway. Okay. I'll listen anyway. That's the loyal people that we love them
We could sit here and pick our nose. They'd listen. We love them. I'll listen anyway
Uh
No way. I love it
Right right
And I don't give a shmit. There's always gotta be an I don't give a shmit because we have a lot of people out there who don't give a shmit
Even Van Patrick after George Mipre tired said I don't give a shmit remember Van Patrick
He puts surf radio on the year and four lotterdale
And he's been long dead. He's not even warm no mo
Three minutes till one at five sixty WQA. I'm hey imagine this imagine zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit
Bureau fee zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you're ever gonna need in your life
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate in just 1.95 percent
That's only 738 bucks a month if you have a 200,000 out loan of
Pittance and once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group
You'll never ever never pay closing costs again
So call them today and find out all the details call 1-800-940 land
Grab real financing power with a low rate mortgage. You can move on to your next property without any further cost or expense
The only one mortgage from financial group for details call 1-800-940 land. It's a whole new way to buy
Zero underwriting fee zero doc fee zero prepayment petally zero closing costs even when you move to another property
Get financing it's just 1.95 percent call 1-800-940 land and never play
Pay closing costs again never play with it again. See every time I do the spot
Now I keep saying that call financial group and 1-800-940 land the renequal housing lender
Restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR
5.19. This is 5.60
The rate is all yours
You in
Not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon
New unfox from the director of touched by an angel
So if you will just relax and push
Arnold Schwarzenegger stars in touched by a governor
Governor is that your hands on my hand? I'm a womanizer that a terrible guy. What is it with that boy touched by a governor?
I would go from house to house knocking and doors
The rope in a
Unfox
Is what I wanted 560 W comes to Eric had a little bit of internet problem
But we got it straight now. Am I right? Yeah. I'm right. Let's hear you. I'll write
What I said I'm sure there'll be a little delay but
What does that mean? Not a crisis. We'll give them a few seconds
Times up Eric. Let's go baby put down the sandwich
400 and some odd votes about 420
Which this is the final result on the first poll today which person is the best described someone who used to be great
But it's now a real piece of crap. Oh J Simpson. They hate you. Oh J 131
They despise you. I wish you would die
The very least hop on a goddamn
Something to get out of here. Oh hop on a spaceship with a Chinese
Michael Jackson 63 in other words. He's got him beat by more than 2 to 1 you believe that yes
I mean, we know Michael Jackson's a pedophile on a scumbag
But he ate in the same league with OJ because number one he didn't kill nobody yet
Phil Henry 47
Yeah, but wait. Yeah, but wait a second. Then is Miller 32
Wayne high zingga 21 see we don't talk about him that much anymore
So even though it was a very good choice. He's only got 21 because he's small potatoes
Child and histan 20 see keep this in mind Wayne owns the stadium and the dolphins
Okay, and with the bitter taste that's in the mouth of dolphins yesterday
Maybe that would have encouraged them to vote a few more but it's too late now
Uh chuck histan 20 colon pile 17 pat rolly 13 are not too happy with him because he's a loser
Eric Lindross 12 Liz Taylor 8 Eddie Murphy 8 inch. They great. Here. He lose seven David Letterman and Don I miss and Pete Rose 5 a piece
Howard Stern 4 time jicke 4 see you thought was I put Howard Stern on her you get like a million votes no I didn't 4
Robin Williams 3 George Lucas 3 see George Lucas once we put him on here. He's gonna go zooming by OJ
Ted Nugin and Tom Green have three a piece. I thought Tom Green only had one
Michael Douglas appear and Dick Clark never got a vote
By the time we now let me just double check, okay
Used to be great and now is the piece of crap Dick Clark none
Eyes going dick everybody loves dick
Not me
5 6 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line the new poll question is
I don't know what it is I just move candid
away
Well, no because you see Scott doesn't realize that when he's trying to talk to me in the intercom
The audio of the the program is so much louder. I can just barely hear him mumbling in the back
You know see I can't turn he could disable that but huh he could talk to you. I don't have the ability to do that
He does oh, no, no, no, don't give him to do that because once he does that then I'll never get the program back
No, you won't no so so just you know let him walk or chew gum. They'll try to give him to do both at the same time
So he's giving me a whole side as well. Oh, Eric's internet connection is down. He can't do this and he can't do that
Is in the middle of a binge for revenge
But all of a sudden magically it just all of a sudden just like that
Came back just like magic the question is yes
What's your take on Neil's idea of getting rid of the Wednesday when a two-comedy that's out for you sound awful fruity today, you know
That's a secret. You know what is when you read no, I just noticed it
No, no listen to me when you when you talk you sound like just like a guy
But when you read you you put on this you know, I'm saying Scott you hear it
Yeah
Exactly you put on the fake thing only choose a different fake voice because the fake voice you use is fruity
Which is why so many of these people think you're some kind of a fag
They bet the fact you're on my show instead of by
Association I felt the asin. Yeah, okay. Go ahead. Let's support again
What's your take on the old idea of getting rid of the way I see how much better that is
That you start like a guy not a what's your take and he has idea and it's fruity man. You sound like a faggot
God I'm serious. I'm I'm giving you a little you can do what you want
I'm already asked anyway, but I'm giving you a little piece of advice is not to like do that
Fagging voice
All right, go ahead. What's the pull again? Now you know how I've killed it next to this with it?
That's excellent the choices are I'm all for it get rid of it
I'll listen anyway, right no way. I love it right and I don't give a shment. Yeah shment all right
There you go for good choices
I'm just a one hour little mini. Oh, this will stay on there overnight and then by tomorrow morning
Then it'll give us a real good barometer right and give us plenty of time to prepare emotionally and mentally for Wednesday
I'm gonna free fit on my birthday and well on my birthday. I don't want to just work three hours. Do I? No
I want to work the whole four hours during that big fat paycheck
So clearance and muffins. Oh, you see the old fart the old fag is fine. No, well, I guess they're not gonna say fag
The old Jew has you know
Decided to give us that hour back with all the money we're paying him of course keep in mind that the Humper works about what six hours a week
Down
Especially during baseball season. So he's not and plus he's short an hour. He used to work four hours
Now he's down to three and most days like two and a half
And he's looking paid the same and more power to a nice going Humper
I taught these guys well before I came to QM these guys were working like long shifts and little time off
Now we show up on the hell that we feel like it and making a lot more money too
That's just the way it is Greg. Okay
In fact, we don't want to be played butch boss with you, but the starting next week everybody 50% it raised
Right? Oh, yeah, sure. So with it. No, well the 50% raised that means I can cut that three years down a year and a half
And with the 50% raise look at what Scott can do, huh?
By gum
He can probably buy some two and gum and all over again
Get a melted milk if somebody will drive them down to that place on red road. What's that place where they're in our drugs, right? Very good
Yes
Here's coral springs, so
Hey, they're pretty good sir
Excellent. I tuned in to your late, so I just want to know if I can jump on the other pole that you had previous go ahead
Dennis Robin
Wasn't he always a freak though?
Yeah, but he was really good at one time and everybody was a good freak. Yeah, he's a good freak and now he's a bad freak
Okay, good choice pali. All right, great. Have a great day and
You too. Thanks a lot. Yeah, no, Dennis Robbins. Okay. I mean once upon a time before he got so much notoriety
He was just an outstanding basketball player and then he became like a real professional freak a total freak
And let me say it again when you consider the fact that allegedly he once had his tongue down Madonna's throat
And the fact that she was kitten kissing a Brittany in Christina man
Oh, just a thought of it up to make you gag ain't it? Take it especially their Brittany part that because now she's been defiled
Yes, she has and if she really was doing anything with the Justin which we all doubt very seriously
But if she was talk about the filed. Oh god
What is wrong with that girl, huh? It's got to be all the publicity stunt stuff
She can't really be doing all these ugly guys. No, I was she going with now. Isn't she going with the
Who is it that Enrique supposedly doing suppose of any quarter code?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, yeah, we oh, no, I'm thinking of a Gerolino. Who's he with?
Diet come on you better start reading the tabloids mister you're getting useless just when we started straight
We've got getting our shipments and I'm really distraught about it. You're what the shipments of all shits. I thought you said something else
Yeah, get your shipments together. Were you who was sending us a Jose who's a Jose?
Jose Lambeet at the end he ought to be sending because I'm very big promoter of the tabloids especially the inquire
Which is no one he writes for but there's nobody from most the inquire better than I do. Hey, Jose we miss our shipments
Yeah, Jose sent us the tabloids you goofball you vault headed geek
One thing about Jose Lambeet which was a shock to all of us you know
You know what it is. I know the other wife you know. Yeah, that is shocking
Here's a call from Miami when it's tarnished hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, sir
Could you please put Robert Blake on the conforming?
Used to be great, but now he's a scumbag. That's a good choice to that we took that pull down
But he's got a lot of votes. That's good. How do we miss him especially you you're slipping George told you what
That we've forgotten the couple that's okay
This isn't like rocket science okay
The audience understands as much as they take everything very very much the heart
I say it was a do over it losses by the sports things over the weekend
It's just for fun. It's just to kill some good time a little amusement litter entertainment a chance to rip somebody and ask which we learned a lot
Let's rip Robert Blake and ask let's rip OJ until we can't have nothing left to rip no mo
cash grow 77 huh
What did I tell you the old people the miserable nasty rotten bastards they live for other look at my father
There you go mother look at my mother with her bomb movements, huh
Go as to show you my you don't have to have a lot of bms in order to lift an old ripe old age
Although they ought to be getting pretty right by now
What's your take on Neil's idea of getting rid of the Wednesday wanted to comedy bits hour?
Well, let's see. I'm voting for I'm all for it get rid of it because it was my idea
So I guess I better do that because I'm a little bit nervous about that hour
I think it's I think it's counterproductive you know
I mean well there's seven votes. I'm all for it. Give it a three no way. I love it three
I don't give a shmit one and I'll listen anyway none out of the fridge. It's just a smattering there
Just a quick like
Is there a Caucasian going to be all right now? Sure
I don't want to hear him because he'll like he'll have like a voodoo hex on your ass. He hates you another one
Here's plantation hello
Hi, young colonial. How are you? Yes, sir. Okay. Just two items
Paul Winfield is the narrator for a any city confidential
Oh, yeah Paul Winfield no kind of Dave right and the other item is that I had a siding of
Brett summers on
I'm a CBS Saturday morning with Russ Mitchell two weeks ago every time I see her I say oh yeah, klugman
Now now Paul Winfield he does sound like Vincent Price doesn't he? Yeah, absolutely
In fact the first several times I watch that show which is a really great show
I always thought it was Vincent Price and then I kept realizing these these stories are too new
They're too recent because Vincent Price but dead for years, you know
In the occasion of the question. Yes, sir
Since the came out closed down on sunrise Boulevard wouldn't go shop now
Uh if he'd in center in Toronto
Ever great day pali
How do you attack the buffet there at that the buffet plays next to the center with a fork and a knife and a spoon to get in glass
Huh bonds? I charge yellow screaming and again, so now how do you attack the buffet and of course like every other buffet?
You see these big enormous tubs of you know see let me ask you this
I was asking my friend yesterday. We're eating in there. I said why is it that some of these people
Load up the plates so it looks I mean they have no embarrassment factor of course when you walk around looking like that
I guess there's no embarrassment anyway
But why do they have to pile up a plate what's in all you can eat buffet in other words you could go back 80 million times
And nobody would even notice if you're like a moderate amount
But they piled up and of course I discovered the reason
There was because every time they know because every time they come back they still pile up like that right
But you don't want to make a lot of trips in addition to which the reason that buffet joints want you to leave the plate
And then go get a new plate each time is so they can keep count of how many plates are being used so they can figure out if they can make any money or not
Uh-huh. You ever think about that? No I hadn't
Plus they also figure there's got to be some kind of embarrassment factor because you're not going to leave a plate behind eight or nine times
See if you just take the same plate and go back they have no way to keep in track of that. That's right. You can go back 50 times
So unless you're a real big fat slob
It's a lot of these people are you're not gonna like leave eight or nine plates behind for them to pick up
Because then they're gonna say they're gonna start taking pictures, you know, they're gonna be a surveillance camera
And then next no next time you go start to come in they'll like say oh sorry. We're closing now stuff like that
Like at the Emerald Coast man. I'll tell you some of the people I've seen in that place. Oh my god. I imagine they make fat boy look like
Mini-Ripperton they make Josh Friedman look like
Karen Carpenter
113 at 560 WQM if your carpets looking smell not so great
Here's the answer for you drive concept so over the years over 20 years have been used in my house
Why that's just because they're responsive but because they're the best in the world and they do the best job
By the way, you're long guided a wonderful job George. Thank you, but he's very strange
Drive concepts is the number one carpet cleaning company for over 20 years and the only carpet cleaning company in the world
And actually drive cleans your carpets hence the name and now our friends at drive concepts offers you a chance to say 15%
On your next carpet cleaning just call them toll free
1-800-248-5071 ask them to put you on their stand by list and then they'll call you and I stand
They've got an opening in their schedule. It's just like the same ideas when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening
They'll knock 15% off the price and do their usual spectacitor job no short cuts
And they still give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the work
So if you want your carpets looking and feeling and smelling just like brand new and dry in just a couple of hours
This is the way to go call a drop concept today asking to put you understand by a list
They might even have an opening for you on the day that you call and they'll still give you 15% off the regular already amazingly low price
A lot of job call them today and be sure and tell them that crusty old Neil for did you call 1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071 or on a wicked web you'll find them at drive concepts.com
We're supporting you 5-60-2-A-M
The Martins
We did it! We did it!
Well congratulations get a life Dr. Phil the element weight solution is number one in the New York test the best selling book in America
And there's not one thing in that book that is grounded in the scientific literature
Dr. Phil off the top of his head and each your advice
Exactly. Let's go to your calls Curdillane Idaho. Hello. Hi Larry
Hi, what's the question Dr. Phil I just started a new diet my doctor gave me any words of wisdom you are going to fail
You're not going to get back to that weight Tampa Florida. Hello
Hey guys, hold on one second. I'm opening up a box of twinkies. Twinkies. Whatever first step. What's the question?
I said hold on a second. I'm eating a twinkie. Great. How's the question? Do you know how leaped it? The Queen is open 24 hours
Day seven days away. Bans for revenge. One more call. Winslow main. Hello
Dr. Phil both my parents work so I have to fix a lot of my own meals
What should I have for breakfast ice cream cookie are you sure no question about it?
I teach you said I should have fruit or cereal or something bad idea. That's not healthy. That's not good
We'll be back with more Dr. Phil the element weight solution. Yes number one in the New York times list course
More calls after this one 19 five more explosions. That's what Miss Fudges sing on our website
She ended up multiple multiple larger explosions heard in Iraq. Oh no
Past few weeks and indeed the past few months as security has been on the west side of as the bin but that's on CNN right now the Tigris river
Yeah, the Tigris that's him on the website their kin to Tigritu yet it's on a website knocking over for what's his name
Coalition provisional authority buildings the former presidential palaces of
Saddam as saying relatively freely without being challenged until you
63 votes on a website so far on a second pull what's your take on eels? I did getting rid of that once they wanted to comedy
But it's our 63 votes. I'm all for a get rid of a 25 no way. I love it 20
I don't give a Schmidt 13. I listen anyway five so it's not really compelling yet. You see what I'm saying?
It's not we but you got to tell them our morning got a lot of votes yet to be a tally bears where the coalition can't marry a malefin
On us you'll get to tell us straight now entirely sealed off. It's very difficult
But for us to get there impossible or you know as difficult as possible for ordinary Iraq is so yes
There is a great sense in security here
Not just the thing of this guy just
Because they don't know where it was yet and they don't know anything
That's so he said the yeah, yeah, lovely outfit
He said the explosions were so strong with the gratt
He felt the earth shake under his feet
That's what Carol King said
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t and Verizon wireless line of course. This is all part of the big Ramadan thing
This is like the Ted offensive they're comparing it to
It's the Ramadan offensive here's minibi chillo
And yeah, I hate to agree with George, but maybe we
Terminated the earlier poll too early. I'd like to suggest the name. Yeah, I could have saved this till tomorrow right?
Yeah, yeah, but you know, let me see
That we perhaps overlook to the obvious watch them book
He used to be great. Well, I'll tell you in the radio world
I don't like them you don't like them, but if you look at the money made in radio. Oh, yeah, you know, I have to say well
Okay, you know, we don't like
Got him one mud layer. Yeah, but you know something his
Ditto heads his disciples from Corridor with the pool say his ditto heads are like oh well, you know
It's one of those things and he'll be fine and all of that crap, you know
Well, yes, that's true. I don't think anything will persuade him even the fact that this guy who
speaks for personal
Sent his made out to do the tough work and came up with a bus she would get it
He was also trying to rip hills off from people who had the prescriptions for legitimate illnesses. Oh really?
Okay, well, I shouldn't be surprised. Yeah, you know, he was the guy who might be considered in the radio world
National Association of broadcast number one is a great guy and now, you know great Nazi. That's right
Yeah, yeah, and as far as the other ball goes we want all me all the time
Okay, thanks a lot, Pat. Have a great day. Add me. Oh, bye. I see you there. You go. That was a good look job
22 past one
Oh
And you'll notice how fast I mean, I realized he's been wish the way into some of rehab outfit again supposedly for five weeks
We notice how we hear nothing more no more
Until he's like my major. We turned
Well, we all know that sex sells
That's good old air miles O'Brien on CNN
567. What what is it?
0560 and pound 560 only AT and T and Verizon wireless line.
Maybe we did cut off the other one too soon.
And this guy apologized for agreeing with you.
Yeah, I don't blame him.
What's to do that?
No, I mean, the other one was in, run its course.
So it was fine.
And nobody was going to catch OJ or any of the top three
or four on air.
And we could, we could have put a few others on air
and it got a couple of, well, what's the point, right?
Yeah, whatever.
Now you know what I'm saying?
Sure, who cares?
Basically, we got the LA of the land.
We got the temperature of the audience.
We stuck the thermometer deep inside there.
And we got there and they're running a high fever.
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah, I have a question and comment just
going to hang up and listen.
My question is, last Friday around the same time
you read something from a woman writing about George W.
And I was just wondering if I could find out where to get
a transcript of that.
And my comment is the gay kid that they
expelled over at a Christian.
Yeah, yeah.
I wonder how many, how many, you know,
they went around asking all the heteros who were defiling their bodies
by engaging in premarital sex.
I wonder how many of those kids got expelled.
The big old.
Exactly.
But that's what they're nervous about is the big old.
Have a great day, pal.
I think he's probably talking about the Molly Ivens column
that I read.
That's the one.
Is that the one?
Well, what is the Bush Hater?
Call me a Bush Hater.
Oh, yeah, that's on our website.
If you go back to go back on the arrangers.com
and scroll through the previous, what
we got that under, features.
Yeah, under features or whatever it's under.
And you've got some of the older columns from like a couple of days ago.
It was on there, probably on Friday, Thursday, whatever day was on.
They're all still on there, right?
For several days.
Yeah, in the archives.
Well, that's what it is.
Why do you say, yeah, so like indecisively?
I think he's picking on you again, Eric.
88 votes on this.
It's not looking too good for the one to two hour.
What's your take?
Give rid of that one to two comedy, a bit sour on Wednesdays.
I'm all for a give rid of it 42.
No way I love it 24.
I don't give a Schmidt 16.
And I'll listen anyway six out of the first 88.
It's great to be in the sunshine state in the Votely is 88.
And that's the way it is.
And don't be late.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18.
See, how's that band of pepper?
I see we got a band hit this week.
I think we do.
I think if you go to our website, they're on at home page.
This the internet is a little bit slow today.
You haven't had problems yet.
It's a little bit strange all day today.
And even what's his name is coming out there?
SCRUAN, what are witches out of you?
Look lovely, SCRUAN.
You look just like you, like a real slut, like a real witchy slut.
And what was I just looking for?
The band hit right on top.
Oh, it is?
Where where the hell is it?
On top of what?
On top of her pointed head?
Top of old smoky.
Oh, well, when the hell is Miguel's next band hit?
I don't know.
It's not on there.
It's not right on top.
You made me go all the way back to the top.
There's a day of number six.
There it is.
There's a day of number six from noon to two at the Bennett Auto
Supply 2950 North State Road 7 in Margate.
That should be OK.
We never go to Margate, right?
Not enough.
Well, we're doing it this time.
Let's go to Margate.
What do you say?
Come on, let's all get together in a big caravan
and go to Margate next week.
And I know where my birthday, that would be a good excuse,
right?
Sure.
That's kind of a birthday gift to me, even if you don't care
about cats or dogs or a band hit pepper rescue.
Just do it for me and then take the stuff and pawn it.
Sell it.
Stick it somewhere.
26 past one at five, 60 WQM.
It won't be long now before I was relatively
starpullin' in for the holidays.
Maybe your parents are coming out of state for the winner.
In either case, if you need a new mattress,
do the smart thing, like I always do.
And everybody else at QM seems to be doing.
Call 1-800 mattress and talk to our friends at the Automatic
Restorant.
You know the mattress industry is full of phony claims
in shell games.
At the Automatic Rest, no phony promises, no bait and switch,
which just great legitimate discount prices every day
on brand names you know and choice.
Now, including stirons and foster huet.
When you call dial amateurs at 1-800 mattress,
you pick the day in time for delivery
within any tour window seven days a week from 8
in the morning till 10 a night.
I've been sleeping on a mattress from these folks for years
and years, you ought to be sleeping on a dial amateurs
too for your sake and your back.
On a sale prices, fantastic services every day,
low prices, same day delivery.
Let me try that again.
On a sales practices, fantastic service every day.
You want to know why I screwed up?
Because there's no punctuation in here.
Well, punked it.
Jesus Christ, fat boy, what's the matter?
You want a baloney sandwich too many?
Is that the problem you fat cover crap?
See, I'm trying to think, how come I can't read this right?
That's because there's no punctuation.
You schmuck, fantastic service, every day low prices,
same day delivery, free set up and removal.
So it's easy to see in spite of the skeptics out there
in the fat people by dial amateurs is ranked number one
in the world and customer satisfaction.
God, you can't complain about our copy of QN
because we're not getting any.
We're getting crap on paper.
Isn't that your name where you put it?
Sure it was up.
Don't be fooled by the so-called giants in the math
industry or furniture store.
They can't match what you get every single day
from dollar, my friends.
So call them right now and tell them that fat boy
told you to call 1-800-Matras.
I'm using them.
George uses them.
Miguel is using them.
Wilka Bryant, even the anxious fat boy.
And you should be calling them too.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for an unbeatable deal.
Or online, you'll get more info at matras.com.
I'm going to get a new one.
This is 420-5-6-1.
Q-A-M.
It's Monday.
Oi!
Oh, God, Friday seems so far away.
Here I'm trapped in this office to stay.
I feel like crap because it's Monday.
I'm going to get a new one.
Coming up next is a queer eye for that Palestinian guy.
We make over Yasser Errassad.
He's trying to take over the PLO again from that Muhammad
What's his name?
If he's to succeed, he needs some help.
No kidding.
What is up with that do-rag?
I mean, it's terrified minutes ago.
Really?
And that's scraggly weird.
I mean, who are you?
It's going to be our biggest challenge ever.
But we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe and transform Yasser from a Ringo star.
Look alike to a...
Well, he's still going to look like Ringo, but just cleaner.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
Oh, we're going to be doing just a ton of things.
On the next queer eye for that Palestinian guy.
Thursday night, tonight.
Okay, 132-5-60.
Let's see what the Washington Post says about this thing in Iraq.
From his Fudge's website.
See, I give credit where credit is doing this Fudge.
You piece of crap.
Strong explosions were a her late Monday, in central Baghdad.
And it appeared the blast were coming from the western side of the Tigris River, as this broad
said.
This is silly as big.
And out of Baghdad with more, what are you finding out, Matthew?
Well, obviously a great deal of activity that's just coming, filtering free to us here on
the ground.
In Baghdad, we'll start with that explosion.
What do I do?
In secret.
This is a kind of blue background.
That is become almost a daily routine here in various areas across Iraq.
We're hearing from the military people in to create the US military, spokesman in to
create that one US soldier at least one has been killed when his vehicle went over a land
mine or was attacked by a roadside bomb detonated as the vehicle went past.
We understand that he is a member of the fourth infantry division, but any other further
personal details have been withheld until the authorities contact his relatives.
But just another example of the kind of daily tragedy that is being faced by US soldiers,
the other coalition troops.
Shouldn't be there in a first place.
Country on a daily basis.
Let's turn now to the other developing story that we've come up here to report to you.
A number of loud explosions, rocking Baghdad, shaking the sort of ground that we were standing
on.
We've come up here to try and observe exactly what the situation is.
We've also sent a team out to the location where we...
So in other words, to make a long story short, he hasn't had any idea what he's talking
about.
Okay.
As soon as you guys have some idea what it is, let us know.
In fact, there it is.
It's caused of these series of explosions unclear, which means we'll just put them a lot
of time to get some info.
Find out where it was and what will happen.
And the Tigris and the Tigr too.
Cell phone users have been known to complain about poor service, but one New York man's mobile
literally went down the toilet.
The man was on a suburban train from Grand Central Station Wednesday night.
When he went to the bathroom to make a phone call, dropped the phone into the toilet bowl
and then his hand and arm became stuck in the bowl trying to retrieve it.
You ready for that?
For Nidiot.
No, it's true.
I don't know.
Metro North Railroad staff could not help the man, so they stopped the train and called
police officers and firefighters to extricate him, a process that took 90 minutes using the
jaws of life rescue equipment.
Those are the news.
The toilets are made of aluminum, so I imagine he was down on his hands and knees with
the shirt rolled up and handed arm down inside, trying to flush out his cell phone.
Don't you hate it when you go into the bathroom and there's some guy down there in his hands
and knees?
I just do my business anyway.
He said that because of the design of the, that's probably what he's doing his business.
He said that because of the design of the train toilet, the mobile probably ended up in
a chemical holding tank.
A sport of the railroad that serves the Northern suburbs of New York and Connecticut
identified the man as Edwin Gallard 41 of New York who suffered a minor injury to his
arm as firefighters cut the toilet apart.
When it doubt cut the bowl apart, the track was closed and thousands of commuters were
delayed during the evening rush hour.
No, because there's a pastor's got his hands stuck in the toilet.
The bad news is the phone has yet to be recovered.
Damn it.
I mean, how valuable is your cell phone, right?
Can't you always go get another one?
Yeah, I think that valuable.
No, not that I would stick my hand deep inside the toilet because God willing, those
what else he might have come up with.
You've turned five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T and T in Verizon.
Oh, here's air miles of Brian trying to give us some explanation about what happened.
Give you a sense of where this is.
You can find a west side of the tigger population of about a half million US troops been finding
a lot of resistance there of they still have no idea.
126 votes on his pool.
What's your take on the Eels idea of dumping that Wednesday one to two comedy vets are,
which I think it's on a way out.
I think we've heard the last one.
I'm all for it.
Get rid of it.
64.
No way.
I love it.
31.
I don't give a Schmidt 20 and I'll listen anyway 11.
64.
31.
West troops can try to sort this kind of thing in the future.
Okay.
They're still there.
Phil and time they got all their talking heads on it.
They haven't got a clue what that'll happen.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line.
Here's my any hello.
I knew you familiar with a singer song right about a name of Steve Earl.
Steve Earl never heard of him.
He's debating Bill O'Reilly tonight at eight o'clock.
He's very talented guy.
Well, why do we care about that?
Well, because it's not too often you see a lot of I guess so-called show business
pipes that you know will flow in here and etc.
But not you know go toe to toe with someone like.
What's the muscle like Bill O'Reilly and.
And a debate which is I think it's going to be interesting.
Okay, maybe somebody else will have a good one.
You too.
Anybody wants to see Bill O'Reilly that schmuck all spin all day.
By the way Bill O'Reilly we never talk about his ratings in the four
Saturday on market and when the rating books come out you want to know why he
doesn't have any.
He doesn't have any.
He's got a at least he's consistent.
He's got a point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
As many O's as you can make it a role for infinity.
Just put all any infinity symbol.
Right.
You don't have anybody listen on whatever he's on.
I don't even know what station is.
Is it that the light bulb junior?
Whatever the hell he's on and oh I can remember that who the hell was it?
Wrote that breathless thing.
Was it one of the South Florida fish rappers about Bill O'Reilly and about his
radio show and he's going to take on rush.
Well, whether without rush he ain't got any audience on the radio.
He is strictly the only people who care about him are the right wing
the lunatics who are tuned into Fox morning day and night.
They're the same as the old Cubans who listen to the radio mom be morning
noon and night.
Did it have the same as the religious fanatics who watched Pat Robertson in the
700 Club morning noon and night and it's like a religion.
It's the same cramp and these people are all mesmerized by the all spin all
day from the Fox Schloss network from the Fox Nazi network.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm the old man.
You're a listener.
All right.
You had my Gordon's years ago.
Never been at my Gordon's.
I have you spoke to me.
I know it anyway.
Let me know my Gordon's in my life.
I know what it is.
OK, maybe it was another guy.
He didn't buy me another guy.
Anyway, I wanted, you know, your callers on Friday forgot an important fact
about that shooting of the teenager.
Hello, the shooting of what teenager?
The 16 year old and Broward.
Oh, OK.
Right.
Right.
They forgot one important fact.
Yeah.
One of them was hiding in the bushes that the guy noticed.
And as soon as he opened the door, he opened fire.
It only takes one second to turn your back.
And that wouldn't hold up in court.
But the guy, you know, was shot in the back.
It only takes a second.
That's my question.
So, in other words, you think he did the right thing?
I don't think he's a murderer.
That's, you know, I wrote what do you mean?
You don't think he's a murderer?
I didn't know my bushes at 12, 13 in the morning.
And another guy at the door, I would open the door and open fire before my
door.
You know what I would do?
I would slam the door shut.
If I was that concerned, I'd call 9-11.
I wouldn't be shooting, man.
See, you believe in his wild west mentality.
They're outside.
They're not inside.
They're not clawing on the door.
They're not trying to knock the door down.
They're not trying to come in and do harm to him and his family or take away the goddamn
lunch.
They're outside.
It just amazes me.
You see, this goes back to what I've said for years and years.
And it falls on deaf ears.
I'm going to be talking to my TV screen here.
This kind of insane violence, this kind of gun-loving.
Oh, we'll see if there's somebody hiding in the bushes.
Well, I got news for you.
Okay, lock the freaking door.
Call a police.
Call your next-door neighbor.
Call off the National Guard.
Call a president.
God Almighty.
All you people who want to rationalize and make excuses.
And by the way, I never was at my curtains in my life.
Okay?
Is my curtains a seafood restaurant?
I don't know.
Sounds right.
I don't know who he's talking about.
It's yours.
Yours, how was it me?
I've never been there.
I don't know what it is, where it is.
But he bought you.
I do know the Gordon Fisherman.
141-19 blast.
If you look at his three or four mortars in a hit-central bag debt, we don't know what
the hell where it was.
We don't know who got hurt or killed or whatever.
But they're still doing, like this.
They have no clue.
And I'll tell you, if you have no clue because your job as a piece of crap in your paycheck
is right in the par with that, here's the answer for you.
If you like a new high-paying career and you can't figure out how to do it, how about
this?
This one easy phone call, I think even you can handle that.
Say goodbye to your bullcrap boss.
Say goodbye to your dead-end job.
And guess your suffer career, which means you're going to get a big paycheck that goes
along with it.
If you don't have four years to wish them college, well, here's the answer for you.
Call fast train toll-free and mail train you.
1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's why they call it fast train, get it?
Fast train?
Can every train insert a fine for a high-paying computer network professional career?
Or a high-paying medical computer specialist career and is little as four months?
That's correct.
You can be fully trained ready for a great new career as little as four months.
So what's four months out of your life?
Just a piece of cake.
Fast train offers day-eating a weekend classes.
They offer job placement assistance and financial aid to people who qualify.
And they got six convenient Florida locations, two in tap and the other four in South Florida.
So it just makes sense.
There's about to be one close and convenient by where you are.
Check them out on the web at fast train.com and then finally make that decision to change
your life.
Here ready your nickel-in-dime job and get yourself a real career and some earning power
that goes with it.
Call fast train today, toll-free, 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Fly in local, here sports radio 560-Sewing-UAM.
All right.
Join the aneration, char guns today.
Have yourself them down on Christian fun.
Roll your friends away, we'll back you all the way.
And you're right you're on a gun.
When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter.
When you pack your heater and carry a license to be deadly, come on and join today.
It's the American way to be a member of the NRA.
Aim for the beat, aim for the chest and always aim for the head in case they're having love.
Start in your skill, you can more punch it, be there to defend your right you all the coming.
Come on and join today and you'll be proud to say you're on better a NRA.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
147, mad dog is back. He'll be here two to four today.
Here's the latest on that Iraq situation by the Tigger.
A blast near a holy is Shiite Muslim Shrine in the city of Carbala.
They killed three people in your trouble, witnesses said.
Meanwhile in Baghdad, strong explosions were heard downtown after sunset.
The Carbala blast occurred on a busy street, less than a hundred yards from the gold dome,
Imam Hussein Shrine in the city, 65 miles south of the Iraqi capital.
Capital? All that had apparently were, well I'm having trouble with this.
All that had apparently were passed is by.
In Baghdad, five strong explosions were heard in quick succession, about 9-10pm Baghdad time.
It appeared the blasts were coming from the western side of the Tigris River.
That's Tigris, you stupid bitch.
The US military command had no information on the incident.
And then we have another dead American soldier a day, which you heard about moments before.
Just day after day after day, is there any end in sight?
No. Do we have any exit strategy?
No. Do we have any business going there in the first place?
No. Did the president lie and all of his men?
Yes. How come there's no impeachment going on right now?
You spineless, miserable Democratic assholes, you old man.
Clinton gets a couple of blow jobs in the whole country, has to spend millions and millions of dollars
in the waste two years with impeachment crap and with the ex-rated report from Kenny Star.
In the meantime, we got all these American kids have been set off to be slaughtered like a human sacrifice,
based on a pack of lies, which was decided before this man even stole his way into office.
And little, little bit like that.
Because the Democratic Party are a bunch of spineless cowards, that's exactly the reason this is going on.
And the media are a bunch of enablers. They're the enablers.
There are accomplices.
That's how you're right. They're absolutely. They're partners in crime with the administration.
Don King offers Palm Beach County site for New Marlins ballpark.
Boxing promoter Don King is offering the Florida Marlins a new state inside on a property he owns in Palm Beach County.
King owns a high life run ton and Magnolia Park, which is just north of West Palm.
Well, that sounds great. If you live in Dave County, you don't want to drive up to West Palm Beach?
No. If you live like in plantation? No.
King owns a high life run ton, which spokesman Robert Wenex is a being ideal site for the World Series Champions proposed park.
If it's Don, King could save boxing assures in the offseason.
Fixed, of course. King says that would help the Marlins pay the estimated cost of 325 million bucks for the stadium.
He says he hasn't talked to Marlins officials yet, however.
The Marlins in Dave County have already announced the plan to commit $210 million toward a new ballpark in Miami.
The stadium will have a retractable roof. We open for playing 2007.
Now, if we move into Palm Beach, are they going to be the West Palm Beach Marlins? Is that it? If they go there? Yes.
Because we know they're going to be the Miami Marlins if they go there.
And what about if they go like to Washington, DC? Or Yeehaw, Joe Shin.
Yeah. Or maybe like to Portland, Oregon or Portland, Maine or Batavia, New York.
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on a 18T line.
What's your take on our idea of getting rid of the ones they wanted to commit if it's our 168 vote?
I'm all for a get rid of it 85, 86. No way I love it 40. It's like more than 2 to 1. They hate it.
I don't give a shmit 28. I'll listen anyway 15. See the I'll listen anyways and too stronger. You see that?
Oh, he usually is.
Here's a call from a beautiful Miami. Hello.
We won the world series.
Thanks a lot Dave. David's becoming a Spongebob. He's working on it at the Hispanic accent because he's going to be moving to Miami. No, he's got to work on it, right?
A lot.
Thank you, but 5 6 7 0 5 60. That's more Howard David. It's new main man by the way, David Samson.
Here's a call from Lauderdale. Hello.
Yes, sir. You can't even shine.
Yeah, shine this. Okay, asshole. Can't say I'm gonna rally shoes. Well, great. Go suck his ass.
Okay, go stick your tongue deep inside his rectum. Okay, and see how it tastes. Go have a hot butt Sunday or Saturday or Monday or today or Monday's okay, too.
5 6 7 0 5 60. See, this is the great retort from the right wing assholes from the ditto heads. You couldn't even shine. I don't want to shine issues. Okay.
I'm making up money. I don't got a shot and shoes on a street corner like you do as well. That's probably shoes these boyfriend.
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, Neil. I'm just calling to say that Bush has everyone so controlled in the media that the families are not even allowed to grieve in public.
The coffins of the soldiers that come back aren't even allowed to be draped in the flag for fear that they'll be coverage of it and shown on the evening news.
I think it's really sad. Yeah, we had that stront our website. Everything has to go forbid that the public in addition to which you know, it's really interesting.
You remember right after the war was supposedly over and the networks got in there and they put up the satellite dishes.
And we were able to get these live pictures like when they tore the Sodom statue down. Oh, yeah, all of that's those stage events.
You think that now that we have all of the ability to show these live pictures from over there, we'd be seeing a lot more of what really is going on every day. You notice that that didn't happen.
Oh, no, they have a lid on it as you would say. Yeah, thanks so much. Have a great day. Hang in there. Bye. Bye.
Yeah, what is it going to take? How many are going to have to die? How long is this going to have to go on? How much more BS? How many more censorship? How much more bull crap?
How many more patriots parts three, four and five before finally the American public voice up and says, you know what? This is a pile of crap.
My and low. This is for radio by 60.
All.
Now the longest running motion picture musical in history has been reimagined for the 21st century. Jerry Brachheimer presents Sylvester Stallone in.
Yo, how you doing? I see you met my.
Thankful handyman. You're pulling the Rocky Horror picture shall. You'll follow you look pretty good in them fishnet stockings. You would give him better nature. You got a nice tight little.
What are you saying? It's just a bunch to the left.
And I hope to the right. You'll make you way through rice of me. Just got married rock.
Yeah, but Mickey way through rice of me. Stallone is back as Rocky Fender Boa. The Rocky Horror picture show 2003. Absolutely. Coming really really strong. Straight to radio.
157 at 560. He's back. He's going to be psychotic. They'm sure that. And depressed. This thing you fax me about the report links to the back deals to Bush donations that I read on Friday. Yeah, I read on Friday.
Okay. But this just in we let's see Bob Graham is not going to run for reelection in the Senate. We have five loud explosions at Baghdad, but we don't know what the hell it was at or what happened. Supreme court rejects 10 commandments, volume of appeal.
The Supreme court refused today to enter the long running fight over a monument depicting the 10 commandments and the renegade judge that Yahoo dripping redneck who wants to keep the record list on display in the Alabama courthouse.
The court quietly rejected appeals from suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, call me a Yahoo redneck who would argue that the monument properly acknowledges God as the source of the community morality. So essential to a self governing society.
Moore suspended his chief justice for defying a federal court order to remove the monument. He goes on trial before the Alabama court of the judiciary November 12 on to face a judicial ethics charges for his refusal to comply with the order.
The Supreme Court's action is not a ruling on the thorny question whether the 10 commandments made to be displayed in government buildings or in the public square. It merely reflects the high courts unwillingness to hear the appeal.
Lower courts have splintered on the issue along the depictions of the 10 commandments in some instances and not in others.
So he went to the Supreme Court says, oh please, please, let me stick this up there and he said, go away.
No. Go away, come back another even year to embarrassing even for us. Have you liked that? I like it.
Well, I don't know. I guess we ought to be, are we happy about the result on this poll here? Do we like it?
Whatever. Depends on how lazy we feel on Wednesday. 203 votes. What's your take on the other idea getting rid of that ones day? One or two comedy bits hour on ones day? I'm all for a giveaway at 97 like two to one. No way I love it 48. So a little more than two to one. They don't like they hate it. They're sick of it.
I don't give a shmit 37. I'll listen anyway. 21.
Now looking too promising. I mostly have like a sudden surge when it votes from the outlying districts come in.
And after the show when you and I get a chance to vote like 50 60 times a day. Watch how we change the round get.
Okay, mad dog is coming up next and we can all what was us. We are cursed. Aren't we cursed down here, mad dog? They're hurricanes. Take it up the ass. The panthers take it in the ear and the dolphins. What an embarrassment. It just unbelievable.
Bye bye bye.
The mad dog. He gets on my nerves with this constant screaming.
