Why are you bursting?
The sky is falling!
This weekend, don't worry about Iraq, Iraq, Iraq, Libya, Syria.
It's the weapons of Matt's destruction world!
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Coming to the Batu-Lighter's Kellysium!
Only the strong survive!
Senator D.T. Rady, Raten, Sinai, Sam!
And the Undertaker!
And Niley, the Axis of Evil!
In a steel cage, dead lumberjack match!
Also skater to appear!
Calera, Pupinmell, and Stone Dead, Steve Austin!
Onwish the power!
Can you smell what Steve's sereness cookin'?
This Sunday!
Sunday!
The crowd will shake the world, will we?
With the atomic hunger of any anthrax big Al-Qaeda!
Mead Mr. Mustard and Goldberg in the world heavyweight title match!
Feel the sting of a sore loser in the smallpox battle royale!
There is no vaccine!
When you catch the BBB of Contegious Hand-A-Hand Mortal Kombat!
The weapons of mass destruction world tour!
This weekend!
The Batu-Lighter's Kellysium!
He's up in Saturday and 6th!
902-560-WQM Happy Friday to you!
Let me give it a little seminar here, okay?
To some of the building who don't seem to understand what the definition of a backstabber?
See, a backstabber is somebody who skulks around behind the scenes
and tries to get people canned and create problems for them
and blame other people for their own failures.
That's a backstabber.
I don't play that game.
I come right out here in the open.
I'll tell you right to your face.
I think you're a putz.
You know.
I think you're show sucks.
Or whatever it is I want to say about you.
I'm just talking in general.
Not anybody specific.
Father won't say...
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Do you understand?
No, I don't.
So I think some people need to have explained to them what the difference is between a backstabber
and somebody who's at least open an honest enough to tell you what they really think.
Right to your push.
Father won't say in more.
And by the way, as far as Zach is concerned, watch you back.
Because, when I come in this morning,
there are notes posted all up and down the hallway.
Saying, watch your back, Zach.
You're going to be next.
I guess the deal is he's the next scapegoat for the morning's bad ratings because he hasn't
gotten more enough good guests.
That's what I'm hearing.
Now let's see.
We had Carolyn, the beast who's unprofessional, which we saw yesterday,
would have this terrible display on the update.
Uh, and now it's going to be Zach.
Zach, who happens to be an okay guy, but he can't afford not to be working for like even five minutes.
Because to maintain that growth, he needs to continue shoveling it in there.
I have never, anytime that I've been here, and I walk around that corner to go take a leak,
which is the only time I dear, we're in the hallway there.
I don't want to trip over that bag.
But, uh, he's shoveling it down in there.
Maybe it's stress eating.
You know, a lot of us fat people, we understand what that's all about.
Uh-huh.
Stress eating.
Poor Nell Carter, if she would have cut that out, you know, Nell Carter?
She died.
Yeah.
Nell Carter, 54, everybody liked Nell Carter.
She was like, fun, you know.
But then again, fat.
Diabetes?
She had a brain aneurysm a few years ago.
The fun people are the fat people.
And the fat people are the dead people.
That's right.
Nell Carter, 54, TV and Broadway star, died yesterday suddenly.
Found by one of her 13-year-old sons in Beverly Hills.
And...
She died?
Yeah.
Also, your good close friend Paul and four Myers.
Who sent you those holiday cards?
Yeah.
Which he asked, did you get them?
Yes, he did.
I got them in the stickers and everything.
He got all your stickers.
It says, not sure if you heard about this speaking of people dying.
With all of the sadness and trauma in the world at the moment, it's worth reflecting on the death of a very important person,
which almost went unnoticed last week.
It passed by us and we apologize for that profusely.
Guess who died, George?
I give up.
Larry Lapriz.
Who?
Well, see, it wouldn't know him by name.
The man who wrote the song, in fact Wayne Hyping is probably in mourning right now too, because it was one of Wayne's favorite songs.
The Hoki-Poki.
He died peacefully at age 93.
He died?
Yeah.
The most traumatic part for his family was getting him into the coffin.
It says they put his left foot in, and then the trouble started.
Oh, no, no, no, that's bad Paul.
That's really bad.
You know what?
He'd be laughing right now.
Yeah, that's hysterical.
Paul and Fort Myers, what time is yours, Joe?
As a matter of fact, hey, hey, don't forget, listen, clearance.
There's something to think about.
They put his left foot in, and then the trouble started.
He was doing the Hoki-Poki.
He just didn't want to go all the way in there, and Wayne Hypinga.
Remember when Wayne Hypinga was doing the Hoki-Poki at the Marlins games way back in the beginning?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
It was Hoki, and they ought to stick his ass into Poki.
Let's talk about the Marlins.
No.
Not okay.
How's the poll come out from yesterday?
And boy, you talk about psychic abilities again.
By the way, is it cold?
You just wait till I get started on those assholes.
You know, you people, I don't watch the other channel, so they're probably just as bad.
You people are channeled for news need mental help.
Freeze warning, and they've got the graphic in the bottom right hand where they got the four, you know,
and with the temperature and with the icicles coming down below.
The icicles on your testicles.
Oh, it's got to be so cold.
Now, I can't understand for the farmers, you know?
I'm not insensitive to the agricultural roll of crowd out there,
and the great pickers or whatever, but we don't have grapes.
What are the lettuce pickers?
Strawberries.
Whatever they're picking, no pickers.
But, I mean, for the rest of us, so it was cold.
Wow.
And in the meantime, you look at up north, for example, in Toronto, like 85 degrees below zero Celsius, whatever it is.
Seriously, when's your like minus 29?
They're not in a panic about it. It's cold.
So you put on a coat of a sweater or both, and the life goes on.
Have any trouble starting your vehicle this morning?
No.
Oh, I almost slid through a red light.
Oh my God.
See, the people here, when you think about under the ideal circumstances on dry pavement,
can you imagine most of these people trying to drive up north on the snow and ice?
Can you even begin to imagine that?
Of course, it starts fishing a little bit, like a big curve.
So there's one clown on the other, I don't know who he is, one of Brian's underlings there.
The weather furries underlings the channel four.
He's going on about, keep in mind the three peas, yeah?
And of course, we know what the three peas are at Channel four and all the other stations here.
Panic, panic, and panic.
Yeah.
It's a freezer word.
Oh my God.
What are we going to do?
It's going to be cold for a couple of nights.
I don't know, we closed the windows.
Did you?
Yeah.
I walked through the window.
Just the way you see me right now.
I walked out this morning, got my papers, no jacket.
And yeah, I was cold.
And I hustled back in the house, and I'm not going to say I lingered out there.
But I didn't like getting a mo...pinnimonia.
I didn't turn into a human icicle.
But it's going to be cold, folks.
This is...this is someplace.
Anyway, the result yesterday is poor.
And I said my psychic powers, and I go home, I turn on the news, Bob Graham's having heart surgery.
Heart surgery for Governor Bob.
So he may have, he's going to re-evaluate after they put the pieces of his heart back together and...
...got to re-evaluate and march, he may have to drop out.
Or not, we'll see.
We asked yesterday, who would you prefer to be the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004?
1165 votes on that, and speaking of votes, look at the way Alpresentate's popularity is dropping.
Like a rock from the top of the Empire stapleting.
Man.
Just dropping real fast now is the people are finally starting to catch on.
Nobody has two nickels to rub together.
People are starting to get real antsy about this war that he's insisting on getting going.
Oh, and interestingly enough, a couple of things we talked about yesterday, including his, um,
...a pointy to the White House AIDS panel.
Well, they just changed their mind.
That's right, Jerry Thacker.
Goodbye, Jerry.
Oh, okay, see ya.
We'll get into that, briefly.
Also, that story about the, uh, what are they called it again?
Bug Chaser?
Bug Chaser.
I've got this kind of unusual term. That's exactly what they call the bug Chaser.
Come to find out just like I told you, the guy who, uh, planted all the seeds for that and rolling stone, he says, oh, I just made it up.
He said it might be one or two crazy people like that, trying to get infected with HIV.
But he really doesn't know. He doesn't know. He doesn't know and he couldn't know. I'll get to that too.
But it's, uh, that's the popular thing nowadays.
You got to bash somebody.
1165 OCS that had a pool.
Don't care they all suck 297.
Bob Graham 263, this is before we knew about his heart.
Don't care, I'll vote for Bush regardless.
212 are usual 18.1%.
Isn't that interesting or consistent? That number is...
You may not be good, but at least you're consistent.
Oh, John, Ellen, I'll speak in a bush.
Jeb Bush is out of the closet now with his devious plants to subvert the, uh, class size amendment.
And they still don't care.
No, they still don't care. Well, that's just the way it is going to cost a lot of money.
John, carry 139. It may be scary to some, but scary, scary.
War hero. Good guy.
Al Sharpton 55. That's scary.
John Edwards 51, Dick Gebhard 34.
Isn't that a little bit disconcerting to you?
Because if the last thing we need, it's...
Another Dick in the White House?
Gary Hart 31.
Howard Dean 29.
They say Howard Dean was very impressive about there in Iowa that he was the most impressive of all the candidates speaking.
That everybody was just, that he really tells it like it is, doesn't fill any punches.
So here's another guy that could come from obscurity, just like some others have done, and who knows?
Uh, Julie Roman only 24, we're delighted to see that.
Oh!
Chris Dodd 17, even though George has no ID who that is.
And General Wesley Clark had 13 out of 1172 votes.
Pretty good response on there.
The yesterday's pool, which was kind of like limiting because let's face it.
We've got a lot of people out there just say, fat, it's politics, we don't care.
Although a lot of people did say that was the number one, they all suck.
They all suck and we're paying a wicked price for it.
Now the pool today is going to be when we get around to it in a couple of minutes.
The pool today is going to be the final runoff, and George would be delighted to hear more of the...
The agreement only 24 were delighted to see that.
Oh!
Chris Dodd 17, even though George has no ID who that is.
And General Wesley Clark had 13 out of 1172 votes.
Pretty good response on there.
The yesterday's pool, which was kind of like limiting because let's face it.
You know, so it's not of any interest to them.
Ah, here's all these old, funny, dirty, you know, living in the path.
That's okay, sometimes it's not so bad reminiscent about good stuff.
It's not like what we've done, taking names.
Are we doing the runoff today?
The runoff is on the pool, but I'm just...
This isn't like rocket science.
This isn't going to go down in the Smithsonian Institute of Broadchasing.
This is just for fun!
Oh, I forgot that's right since you've been working here.
Fun is a... and he had the second kid.
Fun is no longer in George's vocabulary.
Remember what it used to be like? Probably not.
What about you, a book?
WQA and out of business line.
Neil!
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
What about that?
And a cold, though, isn't it?
That is cold.
Oh, man.
If I were you, I'd be real careful.
I got my gloves on.
Okay.
What about the K-pop tree?
Had it.
Okay, before there was a lindy lumber.
Before there was a...
Had those, too, Woody.
So anyway, you know, speaking of gloves on,
the weather for you had her gloves on last night.
You see that?
You probably don't watch any of the...
I do watch, sir.
She had the black leather gloves.
I was thinking, how soon before the whip and the chains come out, too, you know?
Below the desk.
It would have been bad if they wheeled out and bishops body right there out of the set.
Internet's back, by the way.
Oh, the Internet is back, and I can't look at Tom Brady on my...
Desk Tomp here anymore.
I had the cursor right on his crotch, and for the second time this morning it worked.
That's all I have to do is put the cursor on.
My Internet is not back.
I'm glad that yours is, but my name's doing...
Oh, there it is.
It's just a little reluctant.
Just a little unerreluct inside.
And there's the pool.
Nice going, Eric!
What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around?
This is the final.
This is our runoff after three days of herniatic efforts,
which got your drillie psychotic,
because no, building it was fine, but building it and how about tearing it down?
I was wondering if they were saying all this business they were talking about yesterday in the grove
that they're going to put a big condo complex,
which I never heard of before, because the grove isn't exactly my territory,
primarily because it's in Dade County.
What's the name?
It begins with a T.
Tarpen in, is that it tarpened tarp, not tarps, but it begins with a T.
Like a big bar?
A big bar, and they interviewed some of the patrons.
They were really pissed off.
I don't...
I don't know, I don't know, I just trace it.
I don't think I'm gonna play it that way.
Yes, but I have one guy in it, like, who has 14 sheets to the wind.
You didn't see that?
No.
You better start paying attention.
You don't know who Chris Dodd is.
You don't know about the great watering hole there in the grove.
In fact, one moment was on her saying,
this is the grove, this place, and I'm thinking to myself,
if that's the grove, I thought like, Mayfair was the grove.
I thought the railroad tracks were the grove.
I thought Jack Campbell's house was the grove, you know?
Huh?
What?
You better get with it, like I said.
No wonder the people out there are starting to turn on you.
No wonder Greg hates you, like, poison taverns.
Okay, let me...
The tavern, thank you very much.
Thank you, Carlos.
Thank you, Carlos.
Did you look it up?
He looked it up.
Oh, he looked it up.
Oh, he didn't.
He got cheating.
Chaining, cheating, Carlos.
The Spotify put the big DQ next to his paycheck.
Oh, today's payday, by the way.
Haven't seen clearance yet with a paycheck,
or maybe a bonus check, which may or may not be in today.
Haven't seen Carl...
Him with anything.
Which, of course, that's when he becomes our hero, Clarence.
He's on payday, or at least mine.
Haven't seen him yet.
So, muff!
Head his leather jacket on.
He's getting ready for his big debut of penis talk this Sunday at 6 to midnight.
Let's see, I'm going to vote for one.
I'll just vote for one for fun.
Okay, not that it makes any difference.
Just to get it started, so I can see what's going on.
The poll is up on neo-rangers.com.
This is the final runoff.
And what we're going to do is whichever business wins,
we're going to, like, rebuild it.
Huh?
I think that's a great idea.
Don't you like that?
With your money?
No, with my money, with my Tertius money.
With Rimmer's money.
Look at that.
It's up Eastern Iran's got a pair.
Uno's pizza's got two.
And it just went up there moments ago.
I'm not telling you who I voted.
I just put punch one.
Voucher's proposed to reduce class sizes.
Governor says it's cost effective.
Yeah.
Seeking a dramatic expansion
of one of the most controversial measures of his administration.
Governor Jeff Sturbois proposed yesterday
allowing local school districts to offer private school vouchers
to students in overcrowded classrooms.
Is this what the people voted for an amendment?
No.
No.
Does it have any relationship to what they voted for?
No.
It's a cost effective way of dealing with this issue.
He said many districts won't take it, but so what?
Scream is what I guess he meant.
The option ought to be there for them to consider.
The politically charged proposal, which drew immediate fire
from Democrats in the sponsor of the class size measure,
as Representative Kendrick Meek was just one of more than a dozen suggestions
they have ever made yesterday, is he unveiled a vision of how the state
should move ahead in the class cap measure.
If there was any evidence of a devious plan, as he referred to before,
the election, to undermine class size, this would be one of them,
equipped Senator Debbie Wasserman,
Schultz Democrat of Pembert Pines.
It's totally inappropriate to empty classrooms by sending kids to private schools.
That is not what the voters voted for, under any stretch.
So there you go again.
And you people wanted a man.
You put him right back in there.
He told you he was going to do this.
He told you he was going to stick it to you.
He didn't give it to him, which he voted on at amendment.
He don't worry.
This is the education governor.
How do you like that?
The education governor in the public, they just can't, they can't handle it.
Man.
Who would have hell as he can?
Evidently, a lot of folks.
Because it's Bush country.
In fact, I think Bob Graham ought to run for governor and president.
You put your disheart put back together again, don't you?
Governor, Senator and president.
Because Senator, he'll keep up with what's his name, Mayor Pingo Pagania.
Governor, we can get rid of Jeff Bush and then for our president.
He can hold three orifices all at once.
And with those BDIs of his man, he could secure them all in his shape.
927 at 560 W.C. when you left the house this morning, freezing your ass off,
you even noticed how dirty your car was?
You didn't have time to wash it in those so-called car washes of gas stations.
Just can't get it done right.
Well, here's a great idea for you.
Take a look, he'll keep up with what's his name, Mayor Pingo Pagania.
Governor, we can get rid of Jeff Bush and then for our president.
He can hold three orifices all at once.
And with those BDIs of his man, he could secure them all in his shape.
927 at 560 W.C. a Christian activist chosen by the White House for a presidential AIDS advisory panel
is withdrawing his name under pressure after characterizing the disease as a gay plague
along with other anti-homosexual statements.
The administration had chosen Jerry Thacker to serve on the Presidential Advisory Commission on HIV and AIDS.
He was to be sworn in along with other new commission members next week by HHS Services Secretary,
Cheesehead Tommy Thompson.
Yesterday, however, Thacker was sending a letter signally he would not accept the appointment administration official said,
why not wait to hear this, White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer,
while neither confirming nor denying the withdrawal,
it should a stern rebuke of Thacker's statements.
The views that he holds are far, far removed from what the president believes Fleischer said.
The president has a total opposite view.
The president's view is that people with AIDS need to be treated with care and compassion.
How do you like that?
Thacker, a graduate of Bob Jones University, is founder of the Sector Institute
and one point is biography on the Sector website referred to AIDS as the gay plague.
It now calls AIDS a plague.
Thacker is referred to gay people as practicing a death style rather than a lifestyle
and as described homosexuality as a sin that can be cured by Christianity.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
There you go, but the good news is he's out.
Oh!
Because the heat got turned up too high.
You know what I'm saying?
And Ari Fleischer rubbed his ballspot and said,
Ah, they did us! They did us!
Is it back up yet or not?
Yes, yes.
Why didn't you tell me that all are quite hard to read?
Well, you were reading, it was going to wait.
I was much more enjoying out of the corner.
You think I can't see Tom Brady's cracks out of the corner of my eye while I'm reading at the same time?
Oh, oh.
Now why don't you don't read stuff on here beside the fact that you're boring?
Twenty before ten at five sixty WQA and what's it named, Tom Theroux?
If you keep talking, she's not going to listen.
Maybe we can send Tom Theroux to the Emerald Coast, although I wouldn't wish that on them.
We wish everybody else on them.
In fact, when you go to the Emerald Coast, Chinese buffet,
and they've got three sunrise, north-mile, Mimich, and Pemberpons,
you'll see a lot of big, tubby fat people in there.
But you'll also see skinny people and medium people.
All kinds of people with just a great appetite for delicious good food.
Any buffet you go to, there's always big roton disgusting.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes.
I mean enormous people.
Exactly, for example.
Start your mouth water.
Don't be picking on Zach.
Are you start trying to make another Zach attack?
Who's going to get it in the back if you don't watch it?
Start your mouth watering experience with six different kinds of soups.
You can have some of them, all of them, whatever you want.
And then sample dozens and zillions of delicious entrees.
Everything is fresh.
It doesn't sit out there getting like mushy and lumpy for hours.
It's all fresh.
They got Oriental Serpent turnf on the weekends.
New York strip steak made a order with the gourmet center,
a sizzling Asian grill, featuring teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken seafood, hand-carb-par-mib.
The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living, too.
They don't use any MSG, no cornstarch, no crap.
In fact, they use only cholesterol-free oils and other cooking.
The buffet features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, and fresh shrimp cocktail, too.
An Emerald Coast famous lobster faces back, featuring lobster thermators and lobster biscuits.
One requirement at the Emerald Coast leaves some room if you can for dessert.
Because what a great dessert bar, featuring phenomenal things, pies, and cakes, pastries,
ice cream, and all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit that even be having watermelon most of the time.
Emerald Coast, you'll find them in sunrise, the original location in South Florida,
Pine Island, 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd, and North Miami Beach, which used to be a great place.
And at the intersection of Flamengo and Pembroke Roads and Pembroke Pines.
Emerald Coast, except for reservations, take out the livers available, too.
And when you go in there, be sure and check out the brand new Oriental Chicken Salad as well.
Emerald Coast for reservations for information called 954-5723822.
954-5723822, tell them that Skippy sent you in to the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
I'm not an Emerald Coast fan, this is which way you'll fight to do it.
You way out.
The puts the lotion in the basket.
Hola!
Hello!
Hola!
Tami motoba de sedins!
Oh, who is this the maid?
No, this is your wife, Talia!
Proud!
I like to speak to Tommy Metolia.
Hello!
Tami motoba de sedins!
Proud!
Puchico, chico, chico!
Girl!
No, no, no, Talia!
Talia, let me talk to the devil.
Prisold!
Mommy!
Mommy!
Yes!
Proud!
What is it?
You got the phone!
Oh!
Hello!
Tommy Metolia speaking.
This is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job!
You lost your job!
Hey, I didn't lose my job!
I stepped down!
Oh, sure.
However you want to paint the picture, whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it, but you lost your job!
You know, actually, it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Michael Jackson!
Yeah, can you hear that?
That's why Mexican wife, let me tell you.
It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day.
But if I got to stay home on her, every day I'm going to go crazy.
Michael Jackson!
You're getting your justi-zerts, Tommy Metolia, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food, chimney jungles, burritos, tostitos.
I got more gas than exonc.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will, so you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, honey. We're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Oh, geez.
If it's not Chevy, it's T-Cheese.
If it's not G-Cheese, it's what's that drive in place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to berate you.
And all I'm getting is dribble and chimney chenga.
No, no, no, no, no.
Admit it. I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know. Because I'm very, very, very devilish.
Huh?
I want to live in America.
I want to live in America.
You're living in America.
All right.
Hey, look, Mikey. I gotta go.
Okay? I gotta take her over to Taco Bell.
Okay.
Chevy, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
All right. All right.
I gotta go there, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to front right now,
half the neighborhood would go up.
Stop.
Goodbye.
Yeah.
From September 5, 560 WQM, happy Friday, too.
We got the mad dog.
Let's see. We got the regular pristine schedule.
The mad dog of one hand gets a Super Bowl and sent it.
You go three to six, 30.
Oh, yeah. That's right.
We got a hockey game tonight.
Any interest?
No.
Six, 30, shittko, panther, preview, seven o'clock.
The panther said Carolina to play these struggling, falling rapidly.
Huracun's.
And then after the hockey game, it's Eddie K from GA 10 to two.
And ESPN radio overnight.
Wow.
I would have thought maybe you'd definitely done a trial run for penis stocks tonight overnight.
You know, I like when nobody's listening to the six in the morning would be good.
Oh, look at what the pool is already.
George, I don't want to tip off anybody that there might be a crank vote on here so far.
But you told me these are the finals.
Final after a tremendous, an exhaustive pit of research on our part.
What's your favorite software business that's no longer around?
Bobby Maduro Stadium's got 25 o'clock.
Eastern Airlines 14.
Six flags at land is waterpark 12.
Sunrise musical theater's got nine.
Hollywood's sported to him eight.
The Playboy club eight wolfies five.
Uno's pizza's got five.
Pumped in X4, but it a Burton jacks four.
A bunch of Mr. Ego voted for that.
Sambo's four wags has four topless car wash for.
Peaches three, Morrison cafeteria, incredible universe, the wingman oyster house each have three.
Well, these are like early, you know.
Bus game babies, hardy, shaky, pizza and womachos theaters each have one.
One vote or a means to each have a peer.
One vote for a manable grand pre-hemning waste day.
Byron's three guys pizza and Jordan Marsh would none so far the dollhouse and pen rods.
And the day will come soon when we can do this over again and put the tourists on there.
And the people in the grove will be like falling eat all over each other, steal each other's feuds.
So they can vote 10, 20, 30 times for the tourists.
We got real tourists because they're ain't no more tourists.
That's what they're saying in the grove, even the glamour saying that.
Very important facts.
Oh, yeah, Jerry Springer says he's considering run for the US Senate.
Come on, good for him.
Jerry Springer for the Senate.
Oh, did you see speaking of a bizarre people on TV?
Because as soon as I think of Jerry Springer, I think of Oprah for some strange reason.
You know, it's like afternoon crap that's on here.
Did you see the store on CBS news about the fat free gene and the mice?
Fat free genes?
Fat free genes.
Yes, that's gonna wear them.
No.
On one leg.
Poor Zach.
Watch your back, Zach.
Because from what I'm hearing, somebody's orchestrating a Zack attack.
Oy!
But I get some damn good guests, don't I, you know what I'm saying?
Pat Riley.
Rick Riley.
The life of Riley.
What was his name, Bill Bindex?
What was his name on a Chester of P Chester Something Riley?
Okay.
Way before you were born.
Oh, no, no.
But long before you were born.
And his wife's name was Peg.
Anyway, you didn't see the story?
But that's incredible.
I've heard it's unbelievable.
I've been talking about it for years.
For years, we've been watching with larmas Americans have gotten bigger and bigger and
fatter and fatter like Zach and the rest of us.
There are warnings about heart disease and diabetes have done little to put a dent in the
national appetite and public health experts are lost at what to do.
They're running around like Al Martino.
What am I gonna do?
And people are slapping them in the face.
Now listen to this.
As CBS News Corresponded Elizabeth Kellan reports, researchers have Boston's
Jocelyn Diabidi Center may have the answer.
They figured out ways to let mice eat all they want while staying slim, avoiding diabetes
and living longer at the same time.
And they showed the mice.
They showed one of it.
Did you see it?
They showed the fat.
Well, he wasn't that big, but they showed the fat mouse.
Look kind of like fat boy.
And then they showed the very slim trim mouse.
And they were eating the same amount.
Eating like non-stop.
Dr. Ronald Conn of the research discovered that by knocking out a gene in the mice that
controls fat storage, the mice can eat all day long without gaining an ounce.
Are you hearing that?
You can eat all day long.
Oh, right.
Our exact is doing there without gaining an ounce.
Now I don't want to say that any of us are gluttones, although some of us absolutely are.
And if we ever, if they could ever do something like inject like a little genetic engineering in us.
Huh?
Right.
Like put a little splice in our...
Recto.
Wherever they stick it.
And we can do that.
Well, what a...
Oh, just a prospect of that.
I go from a banana split right now.
Of course, I think it's too late for me.
I think once you're already diabetic, you might have a little problem with that.
Probably.
So like I said, I'll just have the ice cream part.
And so they invent the cure for that with stem cell research.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we're not going to have stem cell research under this bunch.
We got in there right now because the Lord don't like that stuff.
Okay?
The fetus hunger is very angry about that.
And so I'll present to you, of course, as controlled, manipulated, lock-stocked, and bagels by the...
Right, fingers, he and could allow that.
And Christopher Rive ain't too happy about it.
It said the difference is striking between the mice and their siblings,
one of which has been genetically altered and won not.
When did we mention about the third baby?
The press conference in Toronto, the Ninja Pan.
We got a third clone baby.
Yeah.
Anybody seen it?
No.
Anybody believe it?
No.
It says, of course, like a calorie-free dessert, it sounds too good to be true to the researchers after all only in mice.
But even obesity experts like Dr. Lewis Arrani say they find it could change the way we think about the causes of weight gain.
What the study tells us, and they'll listen to this very carefully,
what the study tells us is that the key factor is how much fat you store,
not how much you eat since Dr. Arrani.
Dr. Khan believes there's no reason we can't alter the same genes and people offering new treatments for the obese.
I told you the problem is not eating too much.
We need new genes.
We need new genes, mister.
And for new genes, we go to the goddamn Massage Rest.
Now, I'm ill-sought, let's all.
Why do people go to that place?
I have no idea.
I can't for the life of me because they like to walk.
Because they like to walk.
Let's put exercise anyway.
You park about two miles away, then you walk inside, and it's kind of fruitless because there's about 82 food courts.
So when you go inside, you put all the weight on your, you see what I'm saying?
You get all the calories back and then some, that you're burned off walking to 14 miles to go inside.
Although then you have to walk another 14 to get back to your car.
It says, we have a chance. We do have a chance. We got a shot.
Like Jimmy said, we got a shot to find ways to alter the metabolism of fat,
such that you could eat and not get fat, said Con.
Oh, there are people in this audience right now who are just salivating at the prospect.
In fact, there are probably many of them running the refrigerator and say, well, let's get ahead and start.
We don't have the gene in us yet, but let's start now.
Oh, it says if such technology is available to people someday,
we want to give us license to eat everything inside.
We want a healthy diet and exercise to come casualty of magic pill.
Dr. Con hopes not.
The goal here is to create a way to stay thin and eat everything you want.
Not. That's not it. He says instead the goal is to help those who can't help themselves.
Like for example, yeah, and fat boy and Josh Friedman and Zach and a lot of other people around here.
I don't want to mention, well, well, no, there's a lot of fat people in this building.
You'd be the first to admit that. Who will be the first to admit that?
It's a very fat building. It's a very very fat building.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's for a lottery deal. Hello.
Hello there, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, I got one for you. Good. Georgia's delighted.
He's trying to be Fabino D'Oro. Who can forget that?
Fabino D'Oro. Fabino D'Oro.
Tony Cigreto used to broadcast from there.
Right. That's right. Yeah. And then by the way,
if you see Tony Cigreto lately, I was a detractive of the night channel surfing on my little TV at my table.
And I saw Tony Cigreto, which I never watched their news.
And he's a big part of the reason why he looks like about 90 years old now, Tony.
He's a little bit old. He's got the before bagel notch with Barnaby's restaurant.
Chicago with the chat.
Matthew Barnaby? Never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Fabino D'Oro, that one shouldn't have been on there.
You know, I wouldn't get any votes, but it shouldn't have been on there, George. We screwed up.
Should have been.
Well, we can't get any screwed up.
They screwed up.
Yeah, that's right. You people screwed up.
We give you ample opportunity day after day after day after day after.
I mean, calls, faxes, emails, messages, and bottles.
Any hundred calls for Pirates World, and they missed that one.
Right. Exactly. See, if we would have had one less call on Pirates World or one for Bambina D'Oro,
it could actually have been in a running there, maybe.
And who knows, am I to God?
Voter, two or three.
Huh?
Maybe Danny would have voted for Danny, boy.
He'll probably vote for Marino's, even though he doesn't have anything.
Is that place still open on 441 in Hollywood, Marino?
It's just down by the Seminoles, by the Indians.
I eaten there years ago, and I can't tell you whether it was good or bad, but it's still there.
And I don't think it has anything to do with Danny. I don't think he's got any.
It's there long before anybody ever heard of him, I believe.
Don't you know Marino's?
I've been by it.
On 441.
I'm not talking about going inside, but you know where it is.
Right. Pretty sure it's still there.
Well, we'll find out because this is an area that the audience really likes to stink their teeth and do.
The gene that lets you eat all you want, all day long, and not getting an ounce, stay healthy.
Look trim and slim. Look like Brad Pitt.
And just as slim as Kelly Craig.
Maybe we can get the gene first.
You think that's a good idea?
Kelly on Channel 6. Bob Soaker on Channel 4.
Two of our good friends who could probably use a little reduction.
By the way, speaking of reduction, Carlos, it's bad news, but I hear the reduction in this place.
It's not going to be anybody's waistline just in your paycheck.
Cutting back a little bit.
957 and 560.
You can go lower than that.
The way he can afford all the big bucks, or paying to Carlos over there.
Well, those faggots are expensive.
If you'd squit smoke and look at all the money you'd save.
What is it about? 20 bucks a pack now?
At least.
Good. Without tax.
Are you and eat a car insurance?
Have you gotten tickets in the past or had an accident?
Do you have that credit?
Well, if you answer the answer to any of these things, here's the number to call.
1.586.7283.
That's the number 4 Florida First Insurance.
They have the current insurance policy plan for everybody regardless of your past record.
They've got a low down payment for it, and you can get the current insurance in need for as little as 35 bucks a month.
Call them now, tool free at 1.586.7283.
Florida First Insurance offers free quotes to their family owned and operated with years of experience.
You deserve the current insurance that you need, so call them now.
1.586.7283.
They'll steer you on the right path.
If you need home insurance, life, health, or commercial insurance, Florida First Insurance can get you covered.
And right now is a special promotion, stopped by any Florida First Insurance location, get you a quote,
and you'll get two free casino cruise passes, compliments of Las Vegas style, marketing a $60 value, absolutely free.
So call 1.586.7283.
Get current insurance, quote, from Florida First Insurance, and get two free casino cruise passes at the same time.
Don't forget, no matter what your car history record is, call this number and they'll help you out.
1.586.7283.
That's Florida First Insurance for all your current insurance needs.
1.888.506.7283.
Fly in local.
We're sports video 560.
She went UAS.
Friday you bastards.
Yes.
I don't mind if I play, but now I am here to say.
I won't touch my tool again.
Now I...
Oh, look at that. There's John Zarella on CNN.
He says it's cold.
Do you believe him?
It says brutal cold.
Freeze warning for Central Florida coast in Southern inland.
He says it's brutal cold.
You ready for that?
What a bunch of silly people here, you know?
Silly, silly, silly people.
Yes, I got pretty cold.
Look at that.
He's showing a...
It's 44 degrees, Robert Helly.
It's 46.
Where would Helly's hangin' out, John Zarella?
46.
Well, and that's pretty bad, isn't it?
I don't think we're gonna survive if he asked me.
Boy, if you're gonna risk a bit of fire on your gloves and gruelashes, baby.
Hope my pipes don't burst.
I bet you by midnight we'll be up to our goddamn elbows and snow.
Hope we got a lot of snow plows down here.
Get out the shovels, because man, they're sure,
and it's not snow, you're gonna be shoveling either.
All your TV networks, they're just shoveled in by the...
...paleful.
By the bucketful.
By their a blessing, it'll sweeten up the fruit, ripen up the fruit.
It'll sweeten up your fruit.
There you go.
What more could you want?
Little cold weather sweetens up your fruit.
They snuggle up real close to get warm.
So there's a real silver lining in every dark cloud, you know what I'm sayin'?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
By the way, Bobby Maduro Stadium figures to be number one in town.
It's such a big baseball town.
When you think?
That figure's to beat the crap out of these others.
Make sure you put a lot of fake boats in here for Bobby Maduro Stadium.
Bobby Maduro Stadium in 34.
Favorite South Florida business lawyer, longer around.
Anybody believe that?
No.
Sunrise Musical Theater 24 Eastern Airlines 21.
Six Fags, Atlanta's Waterpark 20.
Playboy Club 11.
Hollywood's Fortatorium 10, Wolfies 10.
San Jose, Toplis...
...say I mean, affected.
There's not one Wolfies left at all.
I mean, that's...
...oh.
Talk about really turning the corner.
San Jose, Toplis Car Wash 7.
Uno's Pizza 6.
Uno, Duey, Tre.
Wayx 5.
Pumperdix 5.
Hard E's 5.
Burton Jack's 5.
Isn't it great to be able to count up to like five in a whole bunch of languages?
Uh, New England, that's any way to Mr. House 4.
Also with four peaches.
J. Byron's Morrison cafeteria.
They got a business.
Oh!
I don't think so.
There's a Morrison's release used to be.
I'm biscuing it about something.
Hundred and...
...thirtyth.
...hundredth.
You know what I'm talking about in Miami?
You should know.
It was there.
It was on the left hand side.
On the west side is your going north there.
On Biscuing Boulevard.
There was a Morrison's.
Forever.
That can't possibly be closed.
It is.
Uh, Jordan Marsh had four incredible universe and biscuing babies in Hemingways and Malibu Grand Prix and chickies pizzas.
Each had three.
Let's bring back chickies.
We'll met co-theaters with two.
Three guys pizza with one and pen rides in the dollhouse.
Don't have any.
The dollhouse doesn't have a single vote.
That's pretty amazing to me.
Much to have a bunch of queens listening out there today.
Oh, let's do the promos.
Okay, because they're very lengthy and et cetera.
Well, I mean, I would do them more often, but that's the problem.
Did Miguel do these or what?
They're too long.
Join QM tomorrow.
Attend anew to the Breslow Golf Academy.
A 2250 South Park Road in Hellendale for a buck-a-ball super-ball shootout, benefiting the Don
Sule Foundation for breast cancer research.
For a dollar a ball, you can try to get a floating bullseye to win his and hers corvettes
from Kelly Chevrolet.
Well, that's nice for a buck-a-ball.
Kelly's going to be there.
So what I heard this morning is I was monitoring.
Kelly's going to be there.
You going to be there?
Well, that's right.
You can't be there because at the Breslow Golf Academy in Hellendale.
No, you can't because Joanne George knew the two tomorrow of built settles, uh, Boulevard
of Savings on Northwest 36th Street, just west of 27th Avenue, Miami.
Stop by to win prizes and enjoy free food from Atlanta City.
So where I were makes the difference.
It'll be like Mitsubishi dealership.
We actually got tipped off this.
Oh, we got tipped off this time.
It'll be the Mitsubishi Bill Sidel dealership that George will be at from noon to tomorrow.
So go by the reel early.
So the work help there doesn't need all the free food gets in for yourself.
And stop buying, get some autographs, meet the guy with a Fanny Pack and the guy with the
eyes.
Oh, they don't go down to my end.
The guy with a Fanny Pack doesn't show up all the way down there.
That's a shot.
He's an asshole.
Oh, my God.
He comes to the hockey game.
Bro, we're totally.
See, I'm not interested in being a Yanta about this place at the hockey game.
I'm also not interested in being a Yanta with that guy with a black hair that sits in front
of me with his nice little kid.
At least his kid is well behaved and knows to shut up and sit there and watch the game.
I wish Daddy would learn the same thing.
You know, he told me to rip him on the ear and I don't want to let him down.
I want to disappoint him.
I'm not there to socialize.
I'm there to watch the game.
Okay.
I'm not there.
I don't mind socializing between periods.
I meet a lot of nice people.
Listen to this show.
A lot of tremendous people.
Wonderful people.
Young people, old people in between people.
Beautiful people, ugly people, fat people, thin people, crappy people, okay people.
But that's not my primary purpose for being there.
Like somebody assholes that keep wandering around in the hallway while the game is going
on.
They just don't know their soccer, Mr. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8.
In fact, for the Panthers tomorrow night, I understand Pete, Ren and Joe, P.V. Junior are
going to be lining up.
They're going to be skating on tonight.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, there was a place on a Miramar Parkway.
Yeah.
Actually, no, it was a 441 North of Miramar Parkway called Keel's Bakery.
Did anybody mention that?
Keel's Bakery.
You could sit when you could go and eat breakfast there and they had a bakery in there
also.
And we had a couple of factions about that.
But nobody ever said what was.
They said Keel's, but I don't think they designated bakery and I still don't know what
it was.
It was a restaurant also.
And they were like when you sit down to eat breakfast and have all the, you know, like
actually, the stuff they'd bring you from the bakery, it's just like the lunch on
while you're waiting for food.
Excellent.
Yeah, that's probably what they're like in this.
And what about a country walk?
Is that still down there?
A country walk.
I think Hurricane Andrew blew it away.
Okay.
I thought country walk was like a development.
Yeah, I think the Hurricane Andrew ruined the whole development.
Yeah.
So I missed that place.
How about the Morrison's?
Have you seen that under?
I know there's a Morrison's.
I know there's got to be a Morrison's.
Well, we used to eat it one of those.
Well, before you get so adamant about it, I want you to find me where it's at.
Okay.
I'll look it up and I'll call you back.
Thanks.
Fine, Neil.
The name of the place is I like it like that.
That's where it's at by Chris Kenner.
Remember that song?
Yep.
You do?
Sure.
That's shocking to me.
That is amazing.
Inspect your fire over comments about immigrants.
Somebody just faxed me this.
Oh, look at that.
Morrison's cafeteria was taken over by the Picadilly cafeteria.
See, that splines it.
So I guess what used to be that Morrison's now is the Picadilly cafeteria, but it still
qualifies Morrison's because it's gone.
It's gone.
Just like Union 76 gas.
Gone.
I like the big orange ball they had with the blue letters.
Remember that?
Union 76.
You don't?
Oh, the gas station.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The gas station.
It was like an orange thing.
Sure.
Big ball.
They used to have a big orange ball.
And they would make those available for your antenna.
Oh, that's right.
You could stick big orange balls on your antenna.
My, my, and look all.
This is Fort Radio 560.
You way, you way.
To Fudge Packin'?
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography
Profile Story.
We take a good heart, stiff look, and to start him.
She had a statement to make.
Unfortunately, she was a woman.
She was Meredith Brooks.
I'm a bitch.
I'm a lover.
I'm a child.
I'm a mother.
I'm the sinner.
I'm the state.
I did not do the same.
It's really about being a strong woman.
But this is a sexist world.
If a woman behaves aggressively, she's a bitch.
But if a man behaves aggressively, she's-
But if a man behaves aggressively, she's-
But if no one wanted to hear what Meredith Brooks had to say.
But if no one wanted to hear what Meredith Brooks had to say.
Oh, I see.
Well, this is nothing new.
Men are very threatened by a woman who has a problem.
Meredith may have thought men were threatened by her.
But really, when she knew that she was just overcome, sitting for her-
lesbian tendencies. Oh come on don't even go. That's okay. We like the pretty lesbians. Oh wow.
What if Meredith Brooks had gotten out with a land of Marsette? Oh yeah. Why you?
Meredith Brooks. Maybe she came on too strong. But I haven't been. Only she'd been a little more
lady like. You know this is life's a bitch. It's a big juicy shopping-went look at chill business.
Tonight I'm inside the behind. 1015 to 560 WQM. A British radio station is in court as we speak
for running a competition during which four listeners suffered severe frostbite. Just like Carlos
almost got sleeping over the underpass run to the overpass last night. During the coolest seats
in town challenge by BRMB station in Birmingham Central England four listeners competed to see who
could sit on dry ice for the longest time boy talk about having a cold. Brackdom. Yes. They
suffered frostbite permanent scarring and were hospitalized they spoke to women for these safety
watchdog which brought the prosecution told Reuters the temperature of the dry ice frozen carbon
dioxide was minus 78 centigrade she said minus 78 centigrade you know what that is a lot.
Minus 166 Fahrenheit. Close. Jesus that's even a little quarter and it wasn't my
meal last night. The price for the contest held in August 2001 was tickets to party in the park
music festival talk about having your cheeks frozen together. Seriously you probably have to
thaw them out to take a good even even a bad one. The health and safety executive said the radio
station could face a fine of up to 20,000 pounds they found guilty in the magistrates court.
The station has run several publicity stunts in the past which aroused controversy or as they
see over their controversy they say that controversy one promotion like the two strangers getting
married when he cashed exotic honeymoon in the use of it upmarket flat the competition prompted
criticism from church groups which had it to mean the dignity of marriage vows. Ah geez.
Sure as fires inspector remarks over on Cubans how do you like them Apple?
That's all Moujianaki. A mommy sure is building department official complaint about the influx
of immigrants in South Florida to a Harold columnist has been fired village officials say
yesterday. A January 21 column by Jim DeFeedy described in the counter at village hall in which
building inspector Charlie Escher blamed Cuban and other immigrants for South Florida's political
corruption as well as the demise of the orange bull parade those comments led the civil complaints
to village hall and Escher was fired that day. He was fired for the unfortunate comments he made
to Mr. DeFeedy village manager Thomas Benton said. Escher was worked for the city since 2000
in one city thinks the city overreacted may have violated the civil rights. I don't think I
should get fired for giving an opinion he said. I personally don't hate anybody. I deal with Cubans
all the time they don't have any problem with me. Hey look at me I got two of them sitting right
across the window. Some of your co-workers. Yeah but I do get upset when people are immigrants of
any sort don't learn to speak English. There we go now we're talking. He's got his thumb right on
it. He says the more we diversify the language the less we communicate with each other. Escher
acknowledged criticizing the role of Cubans and the cancellation of the parade but said his comments
were misconstrued by DeFeedy. What I said was that since the parade is no more the Cubans didn't
support revitalizing and he said but the way he rearranged my words maybe he looked like a total
bigot. Sounds to me like a good lawsuit there Mr. Escher remember the hell you are. See we thought
Jim DeFeedy was a good guy. Remember I knocked him yesterday before we even knew about this story?
Come to turn out he's just another faker. If he was so good what's he doing with the herald?
We're going to talk today about ozone and how it kills you according to Georgia. I just got in my
mail yesterday which I ordered a couple weeks ago. Three biosone air purifiers
with ozone and they have the blue light in there the blue em poison lighting and I have
em around in my bedroom there's one in the dining room now one in my family room not where you sit
so you're like breathing and you can smell the ozone and I thought this is great to like clean up the
air and more healthy and Georgia. Oh you're going to die ozone with a can of poison gas when your
Jewish you kind of used to that the poison gas figure sooner or later and especially with this
crowd we got up there now you know poison gas man so maybe somebody wants to give us some advice
about that about biosone and other ozone filters as opposed to negative ion filters which I think
is what I really wanted in the first place and I wound up with this the ones that definitely are
supposed to be crap are hepa filters right they don't have that at all and we get the head wait
till you we're now where did you find this somebody faxed this to us the center for science and
the public interest see this is the better homes in garden stuff I caution you that but you're
going to get upset anyway you'll get real upset which is good ten foods you should never eat and
ten super foods that you should eat you'd be shoveling them in your purse I don't see a
exact shoveling any of the good stuff in his purse when I walk around I think in the morning
there to go take a leak he's in there shoveling all kinds of fattening stuff bacon and eggs and
butter and lard and oh hollava bacon here the ten super foods you should well let me first give
you the ones you should never eat one quaker 100% natural oats and honey granola
you eat that no well that's good maybe that's why you're still here right now
well I'm having a hell of a time with this thing today you know that the honey tune yeah
does mother nature want you eating half a cup of oats covered with three teaspoons of sugar
and laden with more artery clogging fat that you get in the McDonald's hamburger no
doubt she'd prefer you eat low fat low sugar whole grain of brand cereals like kellos complete wheat
brand flakes wheat ease kellos all brand post-harm-prosem brand shredded wheat oatmeal or wheatina
oh wheatina fat if you're stuck on vanilla and sugar release to the product quaker 100% natural
low fat granola with raisins forget about natural oats and honey granola okay forget it
okay the honey tune yeah number two bugles bugles let me take a call from holly with these people
are gonna get upset holly with hello good morning yes sir yes sir do you remember the Viking
the Viking yeah no on us one in the Gretven Road what was it it was a big restaurant
it was torn down when they started the airport expansion the Viking restaurant I'll be damn
okay remember that nine I never heard of it oh always places up there on us one in front of the
airport where they tore them down yeah the bowling alley okay I thank you word for it thank you
some muggles just came in there did he redo these well what is that just took away the promos
and he said here's some new promos for the homo is what he said I do I don't I don't
I don't look at it first and then I'll decide join qm tomorrow attend a new in at the
brazil golf academy a twenty two fifty south park road and hell there for the buck of all super
rolls you out for a dollar a ball hit for a dollar a ball see there's no punctuation in here schmuck
put like a little I know that you don't do that in sponule but like a little comma if you had
a little comma sense for a dollar a ball hit a floating bulls I win his in hers corvettes so that's
enough to get you out there anyway I'm sure Miguel will be there on that one probably drive
one of those corvettes off and you will never see it no more and you're injured new to two what we
did that's the same thing those titles we'll talk about that more later on we'll discuss it more by
way don't forget about that jacket tack keep your eye peeled for it what do they call that
throwing caution to the winds is not what they call that right and the old cliche I have no
idea what that means but we're just putting the word out there okay so that some big fat tub that
works in here that's not a bad guy in between the bms and boy he takes a lot of them in there in
a morning oh if I go in there if I go in there to take a leak I can handle it when a carlis is
in there brushing his teeth and bathing in the sink I you know I just pretend he's not there but
when big Zach and it's always him he's always the one that's in there and when you eat that much
you have to do that a lot and I just run out of there bugles number two don't every bugles
bugles because they rust sometimes
tartish what's so bad about bugles the highly saturated coconut oil that general mills
fries them in oil that's at least twice as saturated as lard chips are usually fried in
corn soy or canola oils one serving just over a cup of these fried wonders will give you 40%
of your daily limit of saturated fat if you're looking for a low fat snack give big bugles a shot
or try big low-fat tortilla chips made by Tostito's or guiltless gourmet you like the guiltless
gourmet baked number three I was anybody calling about my ozone filters there's all huh not yet
well why not I'm looking for a little bit of advice here from somebody in the
Sony and so might know something about that besides you just saying that the ozone's going to kill
me that's not sufficient here's Miami hello Miami oh yes sir hey good morning
wait a still hey how about Mary's Italian restaurant Mary's was great on 441 in North
line I think we had that on there yeah and somebody said vetoes was out of business yes they are
he's still in business in West Palm well but that what does that mean you know is it the same guy
same guy yep yep okay thanks for the good news also you mentioned Hollywood squares last summer
yeah and there's a connection between Hollywood squares and Robert Blake him and Wally Cox
mm-hmm they used to be best friends yeah and Robert Blake was on the tonight show with Johnny Carson
I got a Georgia likes and was talking about Wally Cox advised him to get married mm-hmm
and Robert Blake said well what if I get tired of the woman and Wally Cox said go ahead and just
shoot her really that was on Johnny Carson I'll be there two years after Wally Cox died mm-hmm
and that's it no wonder Bobby looks so better if you see him lately oh brother he looks pretty
better look a day over 200 okay thanks for the good news thank you sir
what is that I have no idea it's his Blake sequence square that's not that's not the cut somebody
whoever whoever put this in here put the wrong cut in the DCS that's not it I never heard that
before my life what was that you got me oh maybe we'll have to hear the whole thing
a later number three McDonald's bagel breakfast sandwiches it's not the bagels in these sandwiches
that'll get you in trouble it's the fillings the worst is the Spanish omelette but that sounds
good it's Spanish omelette bagel that's how good mm-hmm with 690 calories 38 grams of fat
14 of them saturated 275 milligrams of cholesterol and 1560 milligrams of sodium to your arteries
it looks like an egg McMuffin plus a sausage biscuit with egg the ham egg cheese and the egg
and cheese bagels are slightly better if you want to have a breakfast under the golden arches try
the hotcakes with syrup or low fat April ample brand muffin instead the hotcakes with syrup
are good for who wrote this some kind of a lunatic some kind of a maniac but it's
dry it's fun nearly hotcakes mushy wet nearly hotcakes melee melee oh like those burgers I
used to be morning
David's a bitch
Yeah
What treated you badly?
I know that was wrong
Like a fish in the ocean
Strongly would not
Then I found out the joke
It was on me and I sure
Please say it ain't over
Would you give me a clue?
Blow me
One litre of tears
Okay
What you blow me
Is one litre of tears
You could show me what truth I've used
Oh look at that marker
If you blow me
It blows
Just one litre of tears
Blow me
One litre of tears
What you blow me
Okay
What you blow me
Is one litre of tears
Just one litre of tears
1032-562
I'm happy Friday 278 votes
It's our runoff, it's the finals
What's your favorite self-load of all-time business as no longer around?
Pobby Mendoor, Stadium 43, we believe that well
Six Lies Atlantis Water Park 32, Sunrise, Miserable Theater or 31
Eastern Airlines 26, Playbook Club 13, Wolfies 13, Hollywood, Sport, Detroit, and 13
Populous Car Wash 12, Everybody Else in Single Digits
Did we leave anybody out?
We must have gotten all of them because I don't see a whole lot of calls on there anymore
Like we did have what?
Well like here's the facts is how about the Serpentarium in South Miami got a big snake in front of it
Yeah I got something that's got a big snake in front of it
It's not me, but anyway we already had that didn't we?
Of course we did
And but here's a couple, Levi Olins and Flamengo Summer Club is by the ony
Gene Rogers for Neo-Warsers says and well thank you Gene for a week effort, thank you
Nobody called about my biozone see when we try to get some really meaningful information for the not just for me but for everybody out there
Can we get it?
Forget all of that
That's what do you mean by that?
I spent a lot of money for the way you were saying right now when you want to call about something that you want to talk about
Forget it
But it can be very helpful, it can be helpful and helpful and useful and that's why
Oh I see
But I thought I was supposed to be the negative guy
Mr. Negative, Mr. Haasdyle, I forgot that's them
Pirates World
How's it doing?
Five Morrison's
56070560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
Lums is still around, guess what?
You're losing in this clip calling us all day
Let's get some pizza from Godfather's
You don't like that?
What do you give me like a crawling the lip?
You're not gonna have friends with Godfather's
Yeah
Well I hate to break the news to you, that's all we got
I understand, that's all we got
I'm just joking about that
That's too good
The last thing we didn't hear again is too good
Oh God
Although
Don't do it
Well yeah but if I twist that gene a little bit
If you cinch up your genes
Now that my roids are gone maybe I can stick my finger like you know and find the right gene in there
If I stick my arm and my leg don't way up there all the way to my navel
And kind of like dittle around with my genes
I'll bet you that I could like make a little adjustment there I can just sit in the other side
See I had of course skinny people now this is a good question
For skinny people do you think that they would be as gluttonous as the rest of us who are just having a propensity to eat
Because we do like good food it's not a question just being a fat slob we don't want to be fat slob
We'd like to look beautiful like Tom Brady
But the fact of the matter is we can't all look like that and when you eat like a cow
And you'll get an exercise you look like a fat pig like some of us
But
So like slim people do you think that if they had that gene and they could eat to their hearts content
That they would also maybe Karen Carpenter would still be here today
She had a little extra incentive because she was probably one of those people who like a lot of
That was during the period of time when like Miss Twiggy was very popular
And the real that anorexic work was very big that was in
Now now we got like JLo
We got people with like a big fat ass that's back in again
Thank God because even though maybe disgusting to some it's a lot healthier than like Miss Twiggy
Huh?
Without a doubt
Or Miss
Piggy
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only AT&T in Verizon
Lareless line
I just for the audience that keeps track every payday
It is 25 before 11 o'clock we haven't seen the paychecks yet
Now I could probably make it through the weekend I'd have to like you know
Put some things off but I could probably squeak through the weekend without it this time
But Carlos on the other hand will not last through the weekend without his paycheck
Because the rent there under the overpass is getting higher by the minute
A lot of people want to rent those spots
Did we ever never got a call about that crazy person on the corner of 440?
He wasn't there yesterday. Thank the Lord. Thank goodness. Oh you want to know why?
Why?
Because I left here just on the heels of that horrible story. Oh yeah.
When it was raining like the world was coming to an end. He said that crazy.
See that's when they should have been hyperventilating on a weather forecast
They should have come in. Oh my god the world's coming to an end. It's like cats and dogs.
Not later on in the day when just because it was going to be a little cold a little nippy.
A little nippy. We got a couple of days. It's good. And tonight I heard this morning. Who does the weather on our morning show?
Tom something.
Whatever his name is.
Not Mark Morgan.
Mark Morgan does the track. Tom some guy. Some young Tom.
Tom, Tom, Tom. But anyway he was going out of my head tonight in the low 40s.
And I thought yeah and I mean the way he said it like so melodramatic.
It's got to be in the low 40s. Light a candle.
I wouldn't mind being in the low 40s again. I mean you know when you get to be 60 out of the low 40s sounds pretty good.
Yeah light a little candle like the Christopher's. One little candle can't be all bad.
We got it like big wax candles now in the living room which I'm liking a lot lately.
Because when I had the hemorrhage you had a hard lot there's sense that I and my little dog is having some gas problems too.
All those are about like when you like the ones in there and that's incense of that.
That's the best candle. Yeah.
Here's a call from plantation. Hello.
Yeah. Did you have torches, super subs?
Did I ever have it?
Yeah. I think we ate. We all ate too many of their steak and cheese with meat sauce.
It was on the list but I'm reconfigured. They did too great.
It'd be great for many years and they opened the second one in North Miami.
Where was the original one?
On the trail at about 48th, 49th Avenue. On the south side.
Right. For everybody in the southwest section.
And then they opened one in North Miami and they changed the recipe for the meat sauce and that was the beginning.
That was the end of them. Don't change. Don't mess with success.
Great place. Thanks. Bye bye. See you. Bye bye.
Bye bye. 5667056560 on the ATC.
See you're like putting these people down. They like this.
And when you can find something that the people down here like, you just claim to it.
What do you keep misrepresenting what I say?
No, I don't. Am I wrong? He's bent out of shape about this thing.
Carlos is saying absolutely.
You're talking about the people that you're checking.
Don't want to talk to you. They just want to shout names out.
No, you're not. You're just busted with the fact that they want to continue.
This is the finals. You said this is the finals and these are going to get on anyway.
They know that. I'm not any more to this list. This is the final list.
I don't know. I'm dying if you're lying.
Or is it the other way around? You're lying and you're dying. I think that's how it goes.
That's the one with Yanaki. Yeah, like I said.
Who sent this?
Somebody in a point and beat some of these things about the 10 foods.
Let me tell you the foods that he says you should eat. Oranges.
I was in suspense about that other list.
Which one? The first one? The one that you shouldn't eat.
Pizza out's big New Yorker pizza.
Well, pizza hut.
They said it weighs three pounds before baking but when it comes to pizza, pizza bigger isn't better.
There's another reason you shouldn't eat it.
Antiments rich frosted doughnuts, variety packed size.
Oh, those are...
In fact, how can one doughnut have as much as artery clogging saturated and transphrat as nine strips of bacon? Well, it does.
Antiments.
Fae.
N-Nissin' cup noodles with shrimp.
Oh, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Why are you wasting? If anybody has opinion, dissenting from our way, we'll place your name into the system and enemy of the state. Don't even bother to question, just follow uto faith.
Everybody's turning classes, classes to stay. In the active patriotism, we're watching all of you. Everyone does a special, so what you do?
We've got you for nation, and all you mightless fools. In your fatherland nation, that's as USA.
We've got to hate those Jews, and Clinton's liberals too. We leave everything we tell you, and the state run new. Blood war and war are gone red. Feel of your escalating.
A roof and caney bush been new. That has to stay. We don't mind you see our jobs go. Our bad economy's good. We're fascinated by chains. No, no reason stupid war.
All the war is crazy. The taxes are a tin way. Everybody's turning classes, classes to stay.
I'm tired of here. How come you didn't warn me about those own filters? For the stuff that Carlos just gave me, all I can say is...
Wow. I wonder if I feel scrappy, which I really don't, but now that you've brought me this, psychosomatic illnesses will start creeping in. Wow. This is horrible. I wonder if nobody wants to talk to me about that, because they feel I just wasted all that money. I'm three of them no less.
The decreases in lung function, aggravation of asthma, which I don't have. Throw it irritation and cough. And this is just the beginning. This is just the beginning at least. There's about 650 things on here of why you probably shouldn't be having like ozone sitting right next to your pulse.
You know what I'm saying? Chest pain and shortness of breath, inflammation of lung tissue, higher susceptibility respiratory infection.
Man, this would be bad. I'll bring one in. I know where we can put it. You know what I'm saying?
This is from the EPA, the Environmental Protection Agency. So I don't know whether we can believe them or not, but they sure have nothing good to say about ozone air purifiers, nothing.
I don't know whether you can't believe that people selling them. Well, I know that. See, I think I screwed up, because there's 50 million different air purifiers on the minute. And I think I got the wrong ones anyway.
It's the ionizer. The negative ionizer is unreccomended by the MSNBC? Yes. I think that's the one I wanted. That's the one you wanted.
But how about what Carlos was talking about before the sharper image? We're talking about advertising on TV. But that's not, no, it's not. Well, it is a negative ion thing, but different models in concepts, same process.
That's the tall one that you don't change the filter. You just pull the insert to see strips out and you shirm off. Yeah. That's what you want. Or the hell am I going to get those? I'm not going to sharper image.
Pay twice as much as you would need to. I'm trying to find them online. Well, yeah, see, I should have taken a little bit more time. And these I guess I'm going to have to bring them to the station and place them around.
Yeah, put one in the sales department would be good. Maybe one in the during certain parts of the day. Well, that's bad news. Thanks, Carlos, for warning me, because as soon as I got home, I'm going to unplug those pieces of crap.
See, try to do something good just like to think with the food. By the way, thanks to a Danny from Pasadena, if that's the real facts, you never know. Thanks, Danny. Have a great life.
How's our pool? All I got out was just stuck its head in the door, closed the door real fast and hard, Carlos. Slam it.
Old leather poos. What's your favorite South Florida business? Did he bring more food in? Good, because that food he brought in here yesterday. I'm still I'm heven all over myself from it.
I have irritable body syndrome, not just the bill. Yeah, it is pretty irritable. No, what's your favorite South Florida business that no longer around? Here's the final. The runoff. The big deal.
Bobby, Menduro stayed in 43. Don't worry about that one. Okay, it might just disappear. Six flags at land. This waterpark 35 sunrise musical theater 33 Eastern Airlines 31 Playboy Club 16.
The Hollywood sportatorium 14 out there on that two lane highway to nowhere. Sambo is 14. Topless car wash 13. Wolfies 13.
Uno's pizza 10. New England oyster house 10. Burton Jax. He used to be great. Now it's got eight. Wags is got eight. Morrison cafeteria 7. Peaches.
This thing is changing it right in I get right in the middle list and it changes just out of spite. Peaches eight Wags eight. Jordan Marseille along with Morrison's will met co theater 7.
Pumper next six incredible universe six J Byron six. What's the big deal with freaking J Byron's Malibu Grand Prix five Hardies five Hardies. We like a lot better than J Byron's.
They have much better Schoenberger's at Hardies than the J Byron's. Dollhouse four Hendingways four. Shaky's pizza only four. This game babies three three guys pizza one and pen rods finally got one vote. I thought pen rods would have done up better than that.
Me too. What about the button on the beach. I think that was on our list didn't get a lot of votes but in South was which is in hell. That's what the button on the beaches and was in for a lot of the other one. Don't know from that.
Or am I thinking of pen rods. No I'm not thinking of pen rods the button on or am I thinking of the elbow room. Maybe was that if we're on our list the elbow room. He thinks of anything so what I mean we only had about 40 million of them out there how to always
do it over again anyway yeah let's start again what are you saying. Good idea. Nissen Cups noodles and shrimp with six with you should never eat number seven and you just will listen to me French fries at Burger King. I don't go to if you stop slapping your whole family to burger.
I know all the time. Burger God. I've been telling you that for about 15 20 years now. Like 10 years. Burger King makes some of the worst French fries you can buy it a fast food restaurant this says. Thanks to the salty coating that allows more oil to be absorbed.
The king size order packs 590 calories and 30 grams of fat. 12 of them saturated fat. That's worth the McDonald's super size fries and more than half the bad fat if you're getting in a whole day.
So cut the burger can I been telling you that man burger and those onion rings if you if we find out that you're eating onion rings at Burger King we're going to report you to the CIA okay we've had it.
I mean those aren't even goi moitos that that's a poor poor excuse for on your and where the hell's our checks already are they playing some kind of game with us today.
It's 10 to 11 those checks were due like almost two hours ago. Because that's the deal on the show when it gets to be paid in the little hand it's the beginning it's to be nine o'clock it's like it's like the organ grinder with his monkey you know it keep putting the money in it keeps right it out otherwise we just dummy up.
Number eight. This is amusing as hell. And not only that but guess what other kind of soup George had in here which he gave me that one and I spit it right out and threw it away in those little remember the kind of soup she had was the brand name.
What was the brand name very good it was Campbell's well number eight worst foods that you should never eat.
Campbell's red and white label condensed soups well wasn't that yeah it was no was condensed something rhymes with soup like poop it was those like who it was a horror.
What is the big smile on this man what what kind of a silly ass outfit is that what is that say on earth on a Marlon thing that's a national championship two thousand.
Well like I said the price of tostitos instead of those damn bugles okay that's in fact where's the chance.
Clarence where's the check he's going down he's going to go fetch here with it we used to like you a lot but now we're starting to think that's very well that outfit is not going to get you laid this weekend believe me that's that's silly.
What does it say brimming with salt that's the problem with Campbell's man half a can average is about 1100 milligrams of sodium that's almost half your idea daily quota half a can.
Try brands like healthy choice and Campbell's healthy request which have less than half as much sodium as Campbell's regular soups you can also check out lower sodium dried soup cups by fantastic foods are health valley or the big valley with what's your name.
Far from stand with very good look on the daiki side number nine we will have to go then we'll get to the good stuff which nobody's going to want to eat any of this stuff anyway number nine lays wow potato chips wow.
These chips like fat free Pringles are fried in only a little extra oh no.
The indigestible fat substitute O'Lean doesn't provide any calories but many people causes gastrointestinal symptoms some people have said they suffered severe severe cramps or diarrhea they had to go to the emergency room O'Lean also
prevents the bodies of absorption of carton oids these products won't too much to help you lose weight or reduce your risk of heart attack but might cause you lose a lot of my
cross you a lot of misery instead by baked potato or tortilla chips what how you had baked yes I like those a lot and I'm not supposed to be in any
you're wrong you're wrong you're wrong you're wrong.
Baked potato chips are delicious wrong you yeah well look you just bug off okay this is not your topic Carlos anything with food in fact a
green with him he's not too happy about it.
No don't help me.
No because the audience is saying well if Carlos agrees with George and George really must be full of crap probably from all that
nissen cup noodles he's eating with or without the shrimp.
It's not the shrimp that's for it's those noodles.
I understand that.
It's that palm artery clogging palm oil don't you feel like like like that just knowing and he every day that we
don't have food running he eats that stuff so I guess we're going to have that food come in.
How about some bacon?
I would like some bacon.
I bet you had some bacon two strips two little tiny thin strips that's a quote that's a meal is two strips of bacon.
Are you out of your mind?
I bet you Wayne Arles got some good bacon don't do it.
See I'd be okay if it wasn't for the hot sauce that's what gives me the green apple first step.
So they would stop doing that don't do what?
What are you Carlos wants it?
Yeah the food too he wants it bad.
Food in fact I think that the clearance said that if he could get it he'd bring the checks in here.
The food that is he ain't get nothing else and that said I mean he's not you know he's just kind of a goofy guy.
It's the sports nerd part that's why he can't get laid.
See the the bras out there that like the they like the jocks not not the sports sniffers they like the
jocks the Tom Brady's the Ray Whittonies they like those guys the Marty have last yeah who didn't play last
that Atlanta I guess I got a bonus.
Marty playing here they're not couldn't play in Atlanta I couldn't make it he was a little sore.
But they're not into the jocks snifferes I mean like Josh Friedman you think he's getting any.
Oh oh oh oh oh oh he has a wife you know.
You didn't know?
Josh Friedman has a wife.
So obviously has nasal passages that have been removed surgically.
Who unfortunately has limited eyesight?
Josh Friedman has a wife yeah you have to be absolutely bullshitting me.
Josh Friedman has a wife I wouldn't Josh you a thing like that.
I mean fat boy's got a wife but of course his wife also weighs about 400 pounds so what's
the big deal.
But Josh for at least fat boy don't smell bad.
Didn't have his stomach stapled.
I ought to have.
No we ought to have his whole body stapled like from the neck down would be good.
Yeah like from where the food like from where all that cabinet stuff to start to serve.
Josh Friedman's got a freaking wife.
We're supporting you 516 you a a man.
I mean you go come here come here come here come here come here.
We're in the god by the way don't you ever take a bath.
Why would you take a bath?
Where would we go?
He's the one being the hostel.
Then I check it out I can blow bubbles out of my nose.
And the doctors that produce him do.
I didn't do it but I know who did.
He's hairy ears are losing their teeth.
They look like pets.
And in fact that's where we'll make you do.
This is your company.
So the rabbi says that would have my shoes get in here.
But everyone's disgusted and scared.
Walks through hallway sideways.
And he's covered with your real hair.
Mama says he's off air.
He's the genius and he'll be in the lead in the role.
We're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
Josh Friedman.
The happy old thing to eat money but he's no stand-aid yet.
I'm funny isn't he?
Don't come near me.
Josh Friedman.
People make him squeeze his knees and I'm belly button and
he's gonna sell it by the pound.
Digging back.
God so bad his guts exploded.
Stewing wretched, dry, all over the room.
Their staples of that town is moving.
Just to hold in all that greasy old food.
Stay with from me.
Josh Friedman.
He thinks I care if this boy don't like me.
I think he does.
Don't come near me.
Josh Friedman.
Come here, come here.
He's so like me.
He's so like the road of Jews here.
Hmm.
That doesn't mean we're going to be in a cell.
He's going to lie.
You made that up.
You didn't verify it with the other Josh when he was in there?
No, he was too busy giving me my check.
Thanks a lot of clearance.
We love clearance, Darryl.
He's the best.
And he also was telling me he couldn't get laid.
Available scientific evidence shows that at concentrations
that did not exceed public health standards,
ozone has little potential to remove indoor air contaminants.
Oh, I've been, uh, had.
You know, that's news to me.
I thought that it actually did something while it was killing it.
Oh, wait, does it messes up your throat and your respiratory, etc.
And it says, why would the elbow roll have been on your list?
It's still there.
Get out a little bit, Georgian Carlos.
Well, first of all, it's not in Hollywood,
so Georgian wouldn't be there.
And Carlos can afford to go.
Talk to me for I didn't say it was out of business.
Yeah, you did.
No, I didn't.
If I weren't you, the one who brought it up?
No.
Oh, I'm what you said.
What Georgian said was he wished he had a little more elbow room in there
and which is why Carlos got up and ran out.
I think that's just after Carlos had parted real bad.
Heads and Sarasota makes a little bit of an effort.
This is a little bit lame and very old, but it's kind of cute.
And it is Friday.
Three old ladies walking down the street,
when a man in trench coat approaches them and flashes them.
The first old lady had a stroke.
The second lady had a stroke.
But the third old lady was too old and feeble and she couldn't reach that far.
Not bad, Ted.
That's kind of cute.
You had about a two and a half on the scale of 40.
Have a nice weekend, Ted.
And then PD Lenny sticks his head rhymes with Ted in the door and hands us this
which was mailed to us by a listener.
Now, why would he have that?
I have no idea.
Why would PD Lenny's?
He and her intercepting our mail.
I guess he's got a new assignment in the spare time.
He's the one in the building that's not been assigned to test for.
Amtrak.
And all of the mail.
PD Lenny.
Businesses that are no longer around.
There's a list here about 4,000.
General cinema theaters.
There's some good ones on here.
United artist theater.
Gary Fronrath's Chair.
Relate Coons Ford.
Mollinix Ford.
Uh, Wallace Ford.
I wonder if that's owned by Mrs. Wallace on passions.
Well, Missini.
Oh, Rappaport.
Carnegie Deli.
Don't you remember the Carnegie Deli in Fort Lauderdale on the Galeria?
No.
They sent us food at IOD.
Oh, that.
They had phenomenal Kishki, man.
Oh, Fort Carnegie Deli was good.
And those big sandwiches.
See, the problem with them was location.
Galeria isn't exactly the hotbed of people who are into Deli.
I don't want to say old Jews.
They went to wrong place.
Lansons.
Something clothes.
Dale Allen clothing.
Learner shops.
Lily Rubin.
Webster sporting goods.
Oshman sporting goods.
Sonic.
Morrison's cafeteria, which we already did that.
Miami carpet.
Capital lighting.
Standard brands had that.
Mirroir Harmer's fanfare.
What?
Sand goodies.
Did we have sand goodies?
I don't think so.
I'll copy the Roberts we had.
Sun supermarkets.
Hyde park markets.
So they're gone too?
Apparently.
Oh, well, there you go.
Shelley Blooms clothing.
He's got out of business.
Don't we have somebody on the station at this spot for Shelley Blooms?
Totally.
I don't think he's out of business.
Let's endorse spots.
You better.
Golden India restaurant.
Well, there's too many of them on here.
Confetti, Rose Buds, Bubba's Jazz Place.
La Cooquille.
Oh, La Cooquille.
French restaurant.
That was a good place.
La Cooquille.
Man.
Ambrosia Greek restaurant.
Garcia Indonesian restaurant.
Or Garshada Campanary, the writing is sloppy.
Two of this restaurant.
Renewers.
What can we say?
Lord Pembroke's pub.
Puddles.
Madison Dilly.
Masha Sahn Japanese.
Masha Sahn is gone.
Masha Sahn is gone.
Hi.
Too bad Gregoran can't eat no sushi there no more.
How come he's sushi all the time?
You think that maybe the fact that he's sushi every day for lunch is what it was
effective where he used to be?
What's under that hole in his head?
Mami's soul basket bowl.
And I know nobody cares about that.
August Moon Chinese.
How come we didn't have a whole bunch of people coming about Lady Butterfly?
That was gourmet Chinese.
That was the place for Schleppers.
I mean, that was a great place.
St. Gregor's fondue.
That was just a ripoff of the melting pot.
Churchill's restaurant.
We had that.
Casablanca Middle Eastern restaurant.
Merrick Keshe Moroccan restaurant.
The Rusty Pelican.
Frenchies on Hollywood beach.
The Ratskeller German restaurant.
Gordon's Jewelers and La Niap.
Cajun something.
Rusty.
Pretty good list, huh?
At least the Carnegie Dilly part's pretty good.
Here's number 10 foods you should never eat.
Never ever.
Here's Pembroke's Pines first though.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Wait a second.
I got two of them for you that I thought of.
Who are our next list, which we're starting right now.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Red Diamond Inn.
St. Gregor's Miami.
That was great.
That was a sensation of great.
By airport.
I had to go in there when I was little.
That was an Italian, by the way, for people
who don't know, it was a great Italian restaurant.
A great Italian restaurant.
And the other one.
No, no, I forgot.
I was fine.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
That was good too.
Yeah, it was good.
I heard they went out of business because they pumped ozone
through the air filters in there.
Where in red diamond Inn.
No, the other place that you can take.
Oh, the other probably.
They'll come back to you.
Yeah, they'll come back to me.
Thanks.
All right.
See you.
Dude, now what is this?
The year's time.
Some people on the Fax machine, I understand your intentions are good,
but boy, some silly stuff.
Here's number 10.
You ready?
Oh.
Benny's Grand Slam.
Oh, man.
The saturated fat to three and the cholesterol to a mere 35 grams
instead of 460 or 230.
Whatever.
So there's the 10 you should avoid.
Now, let's do the break.
What we have to do with the break.
We've got to talk about the lights of West Boko,
which has a lot of stuff that they can eat.
And then we'll tell you about the 10 superfoods
that you should eat according to these people.
I don't think you're going to be too pleased.
Believe me when I tell you the things you should eat,
you will not be pleased.
Broccoli.
By the way, I don't notice that.
How'd you guess?
I don't see a way in Arnold here yet, but they're on their way.
Now, you're the one that insisted on that.
I'm sorry.
George said, if you just pass on the hot sauce,
you won't have to read about them.
Roy, don't come back.
Plus, I didn't eat it.
Mommy's this week.
So yeah, I have no problem with that.
No more paprika and no more pepper.
Okay.
I'm going to get that sign from some out of effect from the stadium out here.
Once the Marlins go out of business in a few months,
the sign will be behind home play where it says no pepper.
I'm going to put that right in front of her door.
No pepper, ma, and no paprika.
And also my friends at Pompa,
no part quit putting paprika around to play it on the state.
The states are delicious.
The food up there in the sick floor is great.
Better than ever this year.
But quit with the paprika on the plate.
I'm not interested in all the, you know, see,
they do that for, for looks.
Fancy, fancy, artsy, fartsy, you know.
But if a little to that paprika gets on your meat,
look out.
Your meat will be on fire.
10 past 11 at 560 WQ.
I'll tell you a place where you can go for good stuff.
And that's the slice of West Bokka, the megastore,
for people who are desperately trying to get in the good shape,
losing weight on the Atkins, running low-carb sugar-free diet.
And the reason we've been telling about these playpups for a long time is
number one, PD Lenny needs the money.
And number two, they got over 600 delicious low-carb food products
to help you stay on that Atkins diet or whichever one you're on.
This week, try the new Enchantment Low-Carb Cookies and Six Delicious Flavors.
Only one to two carbs per cookie will be in Schneck Heaven.
You know, since he brought me that stuff about the ozone,
I'm starting to feel like, you know, psychosomatic, man.
Little oze, oze, oze, oze, and the edge.
So whether it's a sand-is-ozil-ozolinch,
so whether it's carbolite ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecake,
pasta and sauces, the likes of West Bokka, the place you'll find them all.
And anything in the store that you're not too sure about,
you can try it before you buy it.
There's staff knows what it's all about inside and out.
They're open every day,
seven days a week, 10 to 10.
And at Delights, you'll find the most complete, unbeatable line
of Atkins brand products.
They got them all the foods, the vitamins, the books, etc.
And all the Atkins brand products are 25% off all day,
every day even on Palm Sunday and Hearts of Palm Sunday.
But now you heard the reports, read the studies,
the rate Atkins diet number one.
So do the smart thing, head for the number one low-carb sugar free store in the world.
Delights of West Bokka on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441,
and you'll find them right next to prestigious Boston Market,
or column tool free,
1-877 Low Carb,
you'll find them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only WonderLights of West Bokka
and it's your official Atkins retail center.
I'm at the low.
This is 420-560.
You way, yeah.
God, the commercial you're about to hear has been
adolescently subjected to a moronic series of edits and changes
with no adorst and authorization about the original advertiser.
We apologize, however, stand by our mission
to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
If you have osteoarthritis, there's reason to celebrate.
I've got osteoarthritis, give me a life-five!
You shattered my rib cage and punctured my good lung!
1116-560 WQM, here's Judy says,
Penrods is still in business.
I see it every day located on Ocean Drive and South Beach.
See, that's not the Penrods we were referring to,
but if there is a Penrods, it kind of like puts a damper.
Maybe I'll have to remove that.
It's got only one vote anyway.
What do you think?
Sure, what a...
Now take that off of the Eric if that's not too much work for you.
What now? Wait a minute, let go.
It's Nikki's on the beach now.
Ah, no Penrods.
Like I said, leave it on Eric.
Don't get so carried away.
Right?
Right.
Leave it on, please.
Pretty please.
It's still called Penrods, a Judy and Miguel came in every...
Just bent out of shape.
I mean, I haven't seen him at Pistoff since Doreen tried to put a move on him.
Huh?
Yesterday.
Seriously, he was like really pissed off and indignant, Judy.
Don't get Miguel pissed off.
He won't give you any.
But Patricia Murphy's restaurant is ready to be here more in Dear Field Beach.
Hey, well, maybe a few of these sends a picture, you might think about it.
Send her something in an envelope.
Uh, Judy, I remember Patricia Murphy's, but I don't remember those locations.
What is it?
But it doesn't say Penrods anywhere.
What is it called now?
Nikki's on the beach is in Penrods entertainment complex.
Nikki's on the beach is in...
Don't start that now.
All of a sudden, I want to be a big shot.
Oh, brother, should have heard the argument going on as if it matters, as if anybody cares.
Well, we'll get the definitive answer from the people in the audience.
What does he know?
He's taught us before with the tavern.
It's Taurus.
Well, it begins with the C.A.
Huh?
He's a full of it, man.
I'll tell you what a guy that drinks rippled by the gallon under the overpass.
I guess he had to stay warm last night.
We'll find out from these people.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
You know how you're doing.
I was calling about the air filters, but you mentioned the baked potato chips.
Yeah.
You should check those out because that's one of those foods that they add sugar to to boost the flavor.
Well, I'm not saying that I eat...
I've tried them.
I'm not saying I'm sitting at home eating them all of it because I can't eat that crap anyway.
But as far as the tastiness is concerned, I think they're great.
Enjoy your...
If you want to see the look out,
oh, George is giving me like a...
You know, dry.
I think they're good.
It's one of those things that you sugar to boost the flavor.
You had mentioned the air filters from...
Biozone.
Yeah, but they'll chop or image.
Right.
We were thinking,
we have a couple of those.
My girlfriend bought them.
Right.
And in the booklet, when we got them,
there was a warning that they do produce ozone as a byproduct.
Uh-huh.
So I asked my cardiologist about it.
And...
And he said, you know,
if you have a healthy heart,
it's a trivial amount of ozone.
If you had a severe heart condition,
it could be something that would be a factor they wouldn't want you to stress your heart with.
Oh!
So the thing that bothers me is the thing in a CPA
where it says it has...
Ozone has little ability to remove any contaminants from the...
So what's the point?
This is ozone as a byproduct of these ones from sharp or image.
It doesn't use ozone to clean the air.
Right.
It uses some kind of electrostatic,
ionizing thing.
But a byproduct of this stuff being cleaned is ozone.
So I know if you were concerned about ozone,
you should look at the booklet of anyone that you're going to buy.
I'm going to go home and throw him in a swimming pool,
as soon as I get home.
Okay.
Thanks for the bad news.
There you go.
Got ripped off again.
It was only 700 bucks for three of them.
What?
I got two big fat checks in my pocket.
Now what are you worrying about?
Clarence was in here.
Carlos got his check.
I got mine.
How's your contract coming?
What?
I see that's bad.
You know, come on, Greg.
Quit playing hard to ask.
Quit playing hard to get, okay?
Playing with his guys in motions.
All he keeps doing is stalling and stalling from one pay period to the
and of course I'll never make it retroactive.
What suppose we'll start it on the 15th?
No.
15 to what?
Exactly.
15th January 2007.
Oh.
The only problem with that is that we'll be out of here by 2007.
Or sooner.
10 super foods you should eat.
Ready?
Okay.
And of course this is good.
It's very timely since it was 100 below zero last night.
By the way, it's pretty cold folks.
Watch it.
Bundle up.
Put on a jacket.
Put on a sweater.
Get your gulashes out.
Be sure and get out that scraper, man.
So you can get the ice off your windshield in the morning.
Shovel.
People.
And we want to.
What is wrong with this town?
What is wrong with the media here, man?
They're crazy people.
And of course then we had to see the story about the cloning again.
About the uh...
Do you have any idea how those people must be laughing?
How hysterical those people are laughing?
Yeah, I have a little...
Raylions.
The illegal Raylions.
I wouldn't be surprised by Monday.
We got like 75,000 more babies.
If they can do it, why can't we?
Sure.
We're cold right here.
We're gonna call in guilty.
We're gonna have a whole bunch of uh...
little squeaky babies running around.
But in fact that baby that my wife just had, that was a clone.
Those little babies from passions that we don't see anymore.
I guess they figured we're boring and they wrote them off the show.
Those little babies Samantha was trying to catch.
For Tabatha, whatever her name is.
For Sabrina.
Oh, sorry.
So anyway, here's the superfoods we should eat.
Oranges?
Okay.
See what I'm saying?
If it's right in.
Oranges?
Protect those oranges.
Protect your fruits up there in central Florida
because we don't want them to get the spruld.
I like oranges.
In fact, in the balance for life,
one of the things you'll find in there,
two things that they put in with the entrees.
Slice up oranges or strawberries.
Or sometimes just an orange.
Or sometimes blueberries.
Or once in a while, a little plum.
Which I do like a plum.
Plums are good.
Number two, see what can agree on that one.
You're not gonna get too happy.
Number two, whole grain bread.
It's higher in fiber about it doesn't fight
of ins and minerals than enriched white bread or wheat bread.
Also look for whole grain crackers like the misco trisket.
A task of the trisket.
Oh, really trisket's are good for you?
That's why I love trisket.
And then just because it says it here on it,
at first of all,
this is from the center for science and the public interest,
which I have no idea who those people are.
I'm not taking with the kind of stuff.
It's fishy to me.
Which is bad for you.
Number three, cantaloupe.
Which I do like.
Cantaloupe?
I had some this morning.
A quarter of a delicious melon
supplies almost as much vitamin A
and C is most people leave the entire day.
A cantaloupe, good for you.
I like it.
Four, which you'll be very upset about.
Broccoli.
Lots of vitamin C, carton oil and folic acid.
I love broccoli.
I can't even imagine.
And that's another thing balanced for life uses a lot.
When you have like some of the meat dishes or what?
There's some real good steamed broccoli in there.
And the thing that's good about their vegetables
is that they're like lightly steamed
and not like that is good.
Like these guys.
Not perfect to ask like my mother likes to do.
Like her asparagus.
Yeah, I mean, funny.
She likes it.
Very crispy.
She likes to feed me asparagus because it makes your
piece smell bad.
That's the only reason she could make candle.
She could make broccoli.
She could make what's the other one?
Colour Flour.
I like all those things.
You're giving me a bad look on cauliflower.
Have you ever had a cauliflower with cheese?
The frozen.
Third of all, cauliflower.
Good cheese?
No.
You like it.
Okay.
Never had it.
Colour Flour.
It stinks the one it's cooking it stinks.
And cabbage.
Cooked cabbage.
Brussels sprouts.
You don't like Brussels sprouts.
I love Brussels sprouts.
Especially the baby ones.
Oh, those are good.
No wonder your hair is like silver and brittle.
Don't breathe on him to his hair.
Well, like crumble, like dust.
I'm serious.
You can see how brittle it is.
What's in this?
Well, condition my ass.
It's brittle.
I can see it from in here.
Too bad I don't have any hair for you to see.
Number five, sweet potatoes.
Although I do need a haircut real bad.
Yeah, I'm a little reluctant to get in shape.
I'm getting shaggy and I'm reluctant to get one here
because I got a great barber in Toronto.
And the barber I got here is good,
but he's there are wiseasses in there.
I just don't like that.
They're wise.
I don't like their attitude.
I say.
No, I told you this off the ear.
The barber for the haircut, there's 10 bucks.
Okay.
Now they got the one barber who I guess is the head cheese,
the big cojuno, whatever, at the end.
Who's also a barber, but I guess he's the boss man.
And so the barber that I like,
who's like one or two barbers down,
gives a great haircut, great head to the cut.
And when I leave, I give, you're just supposed to pay the guy in the end.
So I give a $20 bill and he's supposed to give 10 bucks to the other guy.
Oh, a bill, a pint on, bill, and I don't like that.
It's like I'm trying to be a big shot.
I'm just trying to leave an iced hip for a good job.
That'll learn that.
20 bucks is not a lot for a haircut.
What an asshole.
Yeah, exactly.
Now the guy that cuts my hair, he's appreciative
and always comes to the door and waves when I go and thank you very much.
But the other guy, here's a hit.
When somebody gives you a tip, you say thank you.
Yeah, thank you very much.
What a nice guy.
Oh, Bill Clinton.
Like I said, oh, Mr. Big Shot, you know, I like who the hell are you?
Well, guess what?
Screw you, man.
That wasn't that pissing.
They've done that to me twice, really.
Okay.
Yeah.
Well, that would be it.
The only reason I ever went back was because the other guy gives a real good haircut.
That would be it.
I tip everybody and everybody's always.
Is your wife or a barber that's so good at two guys in her,
either one or whichever one, two, one old guy and then the younger guy.
They're from who knows where.
But what do they give good haircut?
But isn't that something you try to be a big tipper?
You try to be a nice guy.
And again, it puts you down for that.
Oh, Bill Clinton on.
Oh, what people people?
Yeah, put you back on a banana boat.
Okay, you asshole.
You sleaze bag.
You greaser.
Number five, after broccoli, which we can't talk to origin, do sweet potatoes.
Yeah.
Now I can leave those.
A nutritional all-star, though, one of the most nutritious vegetables you can eat.
Rilled it with carton oil, vitamin C, potassium and fiber.
Fiber.
Fiber.
Fiber.
Fiber.
Fiber.
Really?
Excellent source of vitamin C and carton oil and it tastes great.
I started wondering about these people.
I mean, I like watermelon.
Yeah.
But now with watermelon was just sugar and water.
That's right.
Sugar water?
Yeah.
How could that be healthy?
Number seven!
Oh, boy!
Beans!
Eww.
What are you going?
That's all your food man is loaded with beans all you people that's all you know from his being you people has been all you people
Juuzoli beans okay get filter fish. No, that's all you eat get filter fish right that's right and look how healthy we are
Look how the old Jews we got down here. Oh, and there's your mother
Beans inexpensive low and fat and rich in protein ironful look acid and fiber choose garbanzo pinto black navy kidney or a gentle
Alentils eat them as a side dish or a shneck in a tortilla with salsa or a soup. No, no thanks
Eight beans
Taco Bell I like but always I order is without beans, please and if I ever told you how they do the meat and eat well
You don't want to know you don't want to see it. You do not want to see it
Number eight salmon or other fatty fish no, I take fish or capsules
I take omega-6-3 whatever the hell is for years. I've taken them and they're great. You like salmon?
Love it. Oh, you love my sack from balance for life yesterday since I hate the fish three of the five things in air
We're like seafood. We're fish not seafood but fish
Fish if it's right. They're trying to be smart asses with me over there balance for life because Troy
What's his name? Stratford's gonna be incompetent?
He's getting to be real bozo
The omega-3 fats in fish especially fatty fresh fish like salmon sort of fish and rainbow trout and trouser trout
Can I'll produce the risk of a sudden death hard attack? Well, I know which one of those I'll choose
Number nine I got to do the break. We'll get tonight and then what is turned out to be great?
Where did you get this who sent this to us? Are you found it? I think or you found it?
The food list
What
He's not listening to anything. We're doing
The ten super foods you should eat and ten food you should never think you gave me you brought it to me
He didn't bring that in who did the facts machine did they didn't come
In here no way I didn't bring it in
27 past 11 at 560 WQA and if there's snow I think it could have been snowmimie last night and
Regardless of what it was Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto are buried in something they buried in vehicles because the fact
We said how it's so damn many cars. They don't have any place to park them even Tom Lamin had to park cars in his driveway
So now they need to place one in yours how it is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit
Including the potty act vibes starting in only 13,000
998 bucks gets you up to five thousand dollars off every GMC on board stock plus get zero percent of financing up to a
$3,000 rebate of course how that has always has got a stupendous gigantic almost endless selection of pre-owned cars
Trusted SUVs that you can depend on no lemons on a lot trust me no fruit and how it vehicles
Like like so what you never seen in your life and if credit is a problem for you
If you're a little bit leery going on to the a card dealerships lot even because you have such margin or movie
Even really bad credit how it will not worry about that they'll find a way to get you deal done
Don't forget right as I speak
It's the winner blizzard emergency clearance sale and how it potty act GMC who absolutely when we do the list of places that have around the longest
They'll be right near the top of list. I like all these other 50 million places that are coming gone
How about it's still there 35 years at 134 or one South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week
Be sure and tell them that you heard about this on the new Roger show because you'll save even more
You can check it out of the new Rogers Neil Diva hotline
St. Neil again Neil and one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
They're good. For a Halop potty at GMC. We are professional grade got it
My mind and local
Your sports radio five sixty two eight
You a yeah by day you best
in
Oh
The plan to bomb a wreck was bad enough
Now there's bigger problems so it seems
There's a country out there that'd be a bitch to beat
So don't piss them off if you know what I mean
We wouldn't want to face
North Korea
That'd be a mistake
No doubt in my mind
It would be place to lead them
So here's an idea lead no career
Hello
We're trained monkeys eleven thirty three five sixty w. Here's a very amusing and a very good fact from big
Arnie even. Oh, it's got a lot of bad spelling
Il botchio first and baby then move west not sure if it's still around had good food and live jazz
Il botchio remember that no well that's not the good part but here's a great line
And I think then didn't you say you like salmon yeah, okay, no, you know, I hate fish right
I can't and I've told you I can't even stand the smell of fish. You make me nauseous. It's worse than ozone
I think I'm getting a bad headache from that biozone stuff
Man am I a moron or what and I you do these things with the best of intention
Is there anything that's for real anymore? No, it's especially if it's on the internet
I guess anything is it's like a ripoff
You know everything's a racket everything's a goddamn racket forget those CDs that poke a bride and so on but anyway
Also now listen to this why do people eat fish and say that was great because it didn't taste fishy
Would you eat a hot dog and say what a good hot dog it was because it didn't taste like a hot dog
That's gotta be what I'm gonna frame this I'm putting this porky
Yeah, I got something porky for you in fact Wayne Arnold is gonna be your any minute Hudson anyway. I'm sure Wayne can't model down
Oh poor Wayne
Last time he was here he looked um
And the first thing you said to me was boy, it's really not it's not the fun to get old, is it?
And I looked at him I said in your case. I guess not I feel fine except for that ozone
I'm getting like respiratory
Huh and you're the one that brought that crap in here. I'd have been just fine, okay
I'd have been doing just fine. I think I can credit my ozone my biozone whatever those damn things are to my little dog
I have it a beautiful bowel movement right on my dining room floor overnight
Not machine, not just
For the first time in days because he's got a bad liver my little dog is dying by the way folks
When I say he's dying I mean we all are but it could be weeks or months he could hang on who knows good surprises
He's got his liver is like like that
But what a beautiful I thought to myself wow. I've never been so happy to see on the floor as I am right now
First time in many many days that he's like left beyond such beautiful specimens
Very firm you know, you just to kind of just pick up with either toilet paper or paper towel
Did you and you antiseptically saved him and I'm bringing it in for uh they said I'm bringing it here on monday as a matter of fact
Huh?
It's kind of a piece offering to one of our friends
No, not hooray
Anyway, so what you eat a hot dog and say what a good hot dog because it didn't taste like a hot dog
What a big Arnie you know something you send us a lot of facts is some of them pretty good some of them really know what they mean when they say that even though
No, I don't those people don't no no, I don't fish isn't fresh than it's that bad kind of fishy and that's what they're referring to all fish taste like fish for example
Tuna in cans either in or forget about the world not good, but like tune in water. I like that
And you want to know why because it doesn't take a fishy fish, but if you get fresh tuna, I mean like oh
You want to know why because it tastes like fish though fresh to that I am not a fish guy
There are a few things in the world to make me want to gag and keep my guts out more than a smell the taste to look
The roll on the line. I can almost see that eye like looking back at me, you know
It's like people eat sushi like Greg Reed. You know what I'm saying? You know our good friend Greg Reed
He's like poison
Sushi man look what it's done for him and Norma can't who used to be fairly uh, you know on the sharp
Not really marginal, but used to be and I was totally lost in why because he keeps having lunches with Greg at the sushi place
I think he did that intentionally was a sabotage
To where his mental process he's down either that was all the bad pot
Not here's a fact from someone oh, this is you know who this is from
Go Jeff lies from how many guesses you need that's the touting paprika
Paprika is one of the two substances that does not dissolve in your body
Okay, don't be given me propaganda you crazy bastard you chubby chaser don't give me a good moment
She's crap about how paprika is good for you
It doesn't dissolve pepper and paprika which is why my mother
Ladles them on everything that she makes because she wants me to have hemorrhoids as bad as her infected hemorrhoids
And I did for a couple of days. They're not infected, huh
What's that about what's what about you know if you haven't affected
I'll give you her number
She will she will give you an hour's free seminar on volumovance hemorrhoids anything anal
And you think you're the analyst but you're a piker man
She knows her ass man is blood and pus involved absolutely infected hemorrhoids
oozing I mean painful in fact
No, wait, that's the wrong that's wrong but what I meant to say was
Don't you remember when we first came here Roy's Roy Foster had infected bleeding hemorrhoids
And he got very upset because I mentioned it on the year, but that's a long time ago
So we bet a lot of money that doesn't have infected bleeding hemorrhoids anymore remember that yeah, yeah
oozing bloody hair I mean we didn't need to hear about that Roy
Oh, I guess he I guess oozing was like his thing because he used to hang out with this gruel all the time
I don't want to I'm not touching that because the food maybe maybe hear any minute
The commercial you're about to hear has been
Adolescently subjected to a moronic series of edits and changes with no endorsement or authorization by the original advertiser
We apologize however staying by our mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible
How do you feel when you don't work out?
I can't go to the party tonight my hair hurts and I feel sad. How do you feel when you do?
Do me do me now do me I'll break your neck
Like 24 hour fitness your certified personal trainer custom tailors that help him fitness program for you
We've got machines that will work out every muscle in your body including the new Uterus master 1000
Oh
17 don't do it fine. What I say till tune till moon well, that's that ozone
I'm just I was doing great. I felt real great. I sounded fine like me and now the ozone is starting like
Here here's a great barber that somebody faxes me on West bar and but what I may check him out
I don't like that being like what kind of crap is that and the worst part of it is that the guy who like I said cutting the hair
He's very grateful. He's a nice guy, you know, he appreciated the tip
But the other guy is either jealous or he's just an asshole and and they don't know who I am
So it's not like just an asshole. I think you could say he's an asshole and be fairly a close to the truth
Here's Boyton Beach. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. George said that you didn't believe that somebody's
Facts you that thing about the booth. Yeah, that was me on the top right corner on the new food
You should never hate it has firm in my name and Boyton Beach, but did you fact it to what number did you faxes? Let me see
Um, the one he gave me on the phone
Uh, because it because it says from it doesn't have anything on it and says facts numbers
I mean so so the mystery will continue forever. I don't I don't think it came in on my machine
And maybe it did who knows
650198 that was it
I told you came in on my machine. I don't know what you guys are getting. I'll bet on a shabobum
Yeah, that was a that was the number. Yeah, but I'm glad you got so much use out of it
I think the ozone is affecting my mind. Yeah, that came in the insert and my Palm Beach post week or so ago
Ah, well now but it killed some good time though. I appreciate it very much. Okay. Thanks. I'd help. Thanks a lot
And especially made George real paranoid about the nissen cup noodles with shrimp
It said it you're safe or eating a Nissan than a nissen is what it said
It's exactly what it said
Burger King french fry. No, I did like the information in this thing here
I'll revealize that if you I mean talk about the list of businesses that have gone bust
I mean that's nothing compared to the list of stuff the products that we could put on your that'll kill you that are just
testing the clogging your arteries and really bad for you
I mean you go to the super this is happening me so many times which is why I don't go to the supermarket very much anymore
Hey, hi to my friends at public's nice knowing you but um
You go up and down the aisle with your shopping cart and especially if you like try to lose weight or your diabetic log
I am and you look at what what can I eat
What the hell can I eat you know what I'm saying broccoli
I love broccoli
But not just by itself
Don't forget to cheese
There you go
broccoli with cheese
Love it
Could make a meal out of it now I have done that the frozen broccoli with cheese
Why don't you try that just once? I'm sure I have I've tried it every way in that okay
Well, we just have to accept the fact that you're one of those George Herbert Walker bush people you got brainwashed
Your any early 80s and then of course when he became president that put you over the edge you don't like broccoli because of that
Sure, that's why so I think the bottom line we can say is that George likes bush. He doesn't like broccoli
That's good to know with the stench of the word like
He doesn't know over while you're eating. Oh talk about stench, but that's another story five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18 you know so that's just say oh right on by the good. That's probably just as well
Here's a call from Naples hello
Hello, hello, yes, sir
Uh about the air filter. Yes
The the you know, it's perfect might be ozone is that I don't have ever seen anything referring to these
There's a museum somewhere in the United States of medical quackery devices and there are a bunch of them in there that use ozone
Oh, no
Yeah, and I think what you have there maybe on the honest way
As far as the air filters the ionizer types so they weren't great
I bought one from a lot of places sears back in the 80s and we're a charcoal filter for the air and also
The ionizer thing I had a problem with
Oak tree pollen and it with it got like 99.9% of out now you could get things to fit into your air circulator system at home
If you have a forced air heating and cooling system you can get up up
Goes and have this ionized that for a couple hundred bucks. It might do what you want it to really yeah, you might look into that
Okay, they work great. They work great. They really do. Thanks line. You're welcome. What are you saying poison? What's poison?
Poison it doesn't matter if they're located
Not not the ions, but the ozone generators
He didn't he's not talking about ozone. See you only heard one little part. See what a prick. He is right
And he's still thinking about the broccoli and the fish bit
Oh broccoli and the bush
5.67 O5 60
60
What's the difference on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Lighthouse point hello, I'll sort it out, nail yes, sir
Uh, how's this for restaurants? Dot, Dave's and four louter bill been there done that. Was that on your list? Yeah
How about Walsh?
Walsh is on air.
And now Dante's is that sign still there?
Because that's big sign they had has been there for, I don't know if it's still there, but it was there.
I think it's still there.
50 years after they went out of business and there was the sign, you know.
How about Wax?
Wax was on air.
How about Jefferson Superstore?
Was on air?
Uh, there's.
Was on air and have a nice weekend.
See when he's got like 15, he's giving me, they were all on the list.
I'll tell you what, I'll read all the ones from all three lists.
So, you know, just to make sure, that'll kill to 130.
Go right into Mandol Show.
Don't forget to Mandol get one.
The Humper from San Diego Super Bowl getting ready, baby.
To be a clock this afternoon.
Sit go Panther preview at 630 to Panthers at the Carolina Heracones at 7.
ADK from GA following hockey.
And then ESPN radio overnight because it's cheap.
Real cheap.
Now what, oh, I didn't do this enough, did I?
These promos that Miguel was nice enough to come in and shorten up because he makes him too damn long.
Join QA M tomorrow from 10 A.M. to noon at the Brezl O'Goth Academy at 2250 South Park Road in the Hall of the Mail for a
Bucka Ball Super Bowl shootout.
For a dollar a ball hit a floating bullseye and win his and her Corvette's.
Dollar a ball, do you think Tom Brady would go along with that?
And join George from noon till 2 tomorrow, Bill Sattel's Mitsubishi.
Now which one is it going to be?
The Miami Mitsubishi.
There's a Davy one.
No, no, which, but which dealership you said the Tb.
She there are five dealerships on that street.
We will be at the Mitsubishi.
But it says that Bill Sattel's Mitsubishi Boulevard of Savings.
Right.
Bill Sattel's Boulevard of Savings has Nissan and Hyundai and Kia.
So that isn't really right though.
That's, yeah, Miguel Road of Rotary.
You know Miguel forgot to come in here was bitching all about Penn Rides and we still have got the final answer on that.
Regis is waiting for your final answer.
This is not right.
Noone to to George at Bill Sattel's Boulevard of Savings at the Mitsubishi.
The lower-can Northway 36th Street Rhyme.
Even I know that. I never been there.
And from what you're telling me, stop by to win prizes.
Enjoy free food from Atlantic City.
Semsworth of bread and iron make the difference.
And Scott is still a pain in the ass who won't stop.
And sucking him around for free plugs.
Don't forget, by the way, your Super Bowl party plan is not too late.
Now would you rather write did what he does to my hair?
From Hollywood sub.
What do you mean by that?
Scott, you didn't notice his hair when he came in there.
The shoe polish?
I don't pay any attention to him.
I say.
I don't look at him.
I hear him because he doesn't.
Bapapapa.
And he walked out of here actually and they turned around and came back in and had the chutzpah.
I think I guess confusing me with D-fo.
He should know I'm not D-fo.
I don't have any billboards.
But the chutzpah to come back and ask me for free plugs based on what?
Based on what?
He brings you food whatever you want.
Yeah.
He likes you.
The only reason I give them free plugs because I like iron.
He's a great guy.
He puts up with Scott and I feel very bad for him.
No, who would want to put up with him?
Bapapapa.
He's worth it.
He's a spot band.
Bapapapa.
You know, never takes a breath.
I think you're anti-Semitic.
Anti-Semitic?
I was Jewish too, asshole.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Paiya, I'm anti-Semitic.
Oh, brother.
Talk about the spit call in the kettle on Puerto Rican.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
I'm Venus Tia.
I've been waiting so long.
I forgot.
Sorry.
I'm actually in Coconut Creek.
It's Brian the Painter.
Oh, yeah.
I've talked you a long time ago.
Sure.
I've got a couple more on the list here.
Actually, I was just outside trying to get all that snow and ice off the sidewalk.
It came in last night.
I don't forget that scraper, man.
Always keep it in your godbottere scraper.
I've got two more free bottles.
So I'm just scraper Brian Norcross off our TV screen.
Did you happen to mention Creighton's famous French restaurant?
Yep.
Okay.
The ground round?
Mm-hmm.
You got that, oh.
Anti?
The rain dancer.
What do you say, Carlos, did we have the rain dancer?
That gets closed in the last though six months or so.
Oh.
For most of our people on that pole were like over the age of 100, so they've no more than that.
Okay.
The brick yard?
Yeah.
You got that one, and remember the movie theater was the old time movie theater.
Used to show a bunch of nothing but black and white films.
Be like, say, their marks brothers, you know, Charlie Chaplin.
There were locations.
They had one in Fort Lauderdale.
I believe it was right there on Dixie Highway.
Another one's on 441.
Okay.
They were there for about four years.
Also, Mr. Laffs.
Well, Mr. Laffs, comedy a club, right?
Yes.
Didn't have that.
Yep.
You had one on 440 Lauderdale on Fiddle Highway, and the other was, I believe, without university.
And I think Chris Baker used to do stuff there, and that's why they went out of business.
Yeah.
They have a great day, pal.
Okay.
Thank you.
Well, two out of 14 in two, babe.
Or Chris Baker, and who's the other one?
Mr....
The G-Man.
I almost said Mr. G.
Oh, sorry.
Shouldn't have done that.
5667056560 on the AT&T Verizon.
We got our checks.
We got some food coming from my Arnold without that.
And there will be some hot sauce in there.
Just do not let them bring it in here.
I wouldn't touch it anyway, with your tongue, because after that, or nearly it doesn't bother me,
but the combination of that along with the paprika and the pepper and all of these things.
And the ozone.
And the ozone.
Can you even imagine the kind of stuff I'm going to be spewing out?
Maybe right here in this chair, put that damn Randy right to chain.
And Josh Friedman, he has a wife.
I think what you did was set me up with that.
They're all saying, oh yeah, yeah, just to go along, you know.
Yeah, I saw him.
I saw a gas light.
Here is a homestead.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
Hey, there's just three things I want to ask you real quick.
Number one, the hurricane fans.
They've got to get over.
They're lost to a high state.
Hey, yeah, exactly.
Right.
Where?
Number two.
What about the guard list that was like a hundred years ago, it's over.
Well, I want to know, who do you take in the Super Bowl?
Panther.
All right, go Bob.
Three.
How far long do you think the panthers will make the playoffs or if they do?
Downed.
Unlikely.
Okay.
Good.
Unlikely, thank you.
We love the panthers, but they're too young.
We want Ray Whitney because he was hung.
I mean, what, we love Ray Whitney.
Good guy, good player, Mr. Badly.
Mike Sylinger.
Scott Melonby.
Gave all these guys away, basically.
What do we got to show for?
Scott.
We got the youngsters in the organization.
I don't want to get into that again because nobody really cares.
But it's really a shame because we could have a pretty good thing going there.
And they wouldn't have to be phoning up the attendance every night.
These new guys, they came in and they thought they knew something.
I'll never forget that day that Bernie Khozar just practically
accosted me in a hallway like I was his long lost best friend.
And of course, those were the good old days when we had the first team.
God did we have a good time then.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10
10, 9, 10, stop, don't keep showing that scary spread sar in real life, we'll have to go and see.
Oh, what a hot one, we win!
You made him win,
God, these people must be sucking ozone by the gallon.
He was tan, he wore me down, he looked very bad, he showed me some new things to try.
Oh, you could see the man that I have fell out.
What is the video? You seem to know what his heart is for.
But I don't own him anymore. I used to rent, now I have to buy.
My destination will not die. He keeps going on.
He's all mine with porn, I love how it takes.
Need another real, a blown-in-out machine.
Lie and make it on the floor. My cash and cash and change.
Don't need someone real.
We're behind the change and I can see the perfect guy in porn.
I don't need a taste, I just want to fall.
So I guess that left, left was right.
On my screen, he's all tan, he's the perfect height.
Under my sheets for days and now, I don't care, I read my love.
I don't need a human touch, there are so many things.
So much to learn from porn, I'm all out of taste.
Need another real, a blown-in-out machine.
Lie and make it on the floor.
The perjury and the change.
Here is someone's real.
We're behind the change, so I can see the perfect guy in porn.
I'm eternally late. I enjoy my porn.
Here's the fact this is how could we forget Sizzler's steakhouse?
Did we forget Sizzler? No, no, we did not.
In fact, I'm looking on the list right now just to see how many it had.
But why bother, I don't have time.
It was on air. Sizzler's been listening every day for the last week and a half.
I don't remember hearing Sizzler.
Maybe a little waxy build up in there.
I popped those ears out.
We had Sizzler.
Somebody faxes this to me, some distressing news.
Not that anybody here cares.
Report Panthers lost $65 million.
I don't care.
But team officials say actual operating loss is told only 17 and a half million.
What a bargain.
And it goes on a great length, which nobody really cares.
But Phil Allen, Broward County's director of finance and operation at administration,
etc. says we're watching developments closely.
Our concert is heightened somewhat because of the recent bankruptcy.
It's an auto on Buffalo.
Keep your eye on it, Phil.
Good thinking.
And Alan Cohen, who couldn't be reached for comment yesterday, said this week that
teams outlook is bright.
The building in our market size gives us the opportunity to be a stronger franchise,
and Lee.
He said, but of course, the fact that we have a very young team on the event,
most of the fans have no idea who most of the players are.
And the fact that it looks like they're not going to make the playoffs.
And the ice is real bad.
And I mean, I could go on forever.
Being the big fan that I am.
I'm not trying to poo poo their franchise.
But you know, put something out there people want to see.
If they're going to spend that kind of money to come in or it, you know, big bucks,
then put something out there people want to see.
Because what I saw the other night was a week, really weak.
I mean, that was tragic.
By the way, here's the good news.
Because we got pen rods on our list.
Or at least we got one right.
Let's hear it for us.
Pen rods entertainment complex on Miami Beach, one ocean drive,
which includes Nikki Beach restaurant and bar and Pearl restaurant and lounge.
We got it right here from their website.
So it's pen rods entertainment complex.
So even though what we really were referring to with the original pen rods in Fort Lauderdale, right?
Okay, that's long gone.
But pen rods stay down there because why does it stay on there?
Oh, yeah.
I just contradicted myself to that.
Like I said, this pen rods is all count.
So we did the right thing.
I don't know.
See, I'm too confused between the ozone and the stuff that you just handed me here about paprika.
Oh, man.
You go balls including Jeff Hyde's Chubby Chasing neighbor.
You're going to be wild when you hear this.
Cayenne, of the name is paprika, chili pepper, red pepper.
The red hot chili peppers.
When taken internally, and of course it goes out about a remedy for muscular tension, rheumatism, but.
When taken internally, cayenne can cause diarrhea and cramps usually without the M.
Hyde doses take over extended periods of time.
It caused chronic stomach problems, kidney damage, liver damage, or nerve problems.
Now liver damage.
Who stayed with my little dog for a week there?
In December.
Mama.
Yeah, your mama.
Who uses paprika on virtually every day?
Your mama.
And who has liver damage now?
Get doggy.
Yeah.
I'm just thinking out loud.
Ha ha.
Overdose.
An overdose of cayenne can precipitate a drastic life threatening decline in body temperature.
If you suspect an overdose seek medical attention immediately.
You know what we're saying?
Bestome with young look right.
Ha ha ha baby.
Hold the pepper.
Hold the paprika.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean anybody that would put stuff into their body that doesn't dissolve.
That comes out the same way it goes in.
Not good.
Your body is sending you a message.
Just like Joey Zaza.
It's sending you a message.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
What about corn?
It comes out the same way.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Yeah, and your mama's been trying to kill that dog for years.
Of course, it's hard to chew paprika, you know?
Yeah.
Your mama's been trying to knock off tiny flour.
Yeah, we know.
I got a question for you.
We got an office pool going on there.
The last time I called you last year when you were looking to get euros and I told you to call American Express.
Yeah, look at that.
Okay.
I have one question for you.
I'm going to the mildew city in about six weeks with a half a dozen people.
The what city?
I'm going to Amsterdam.
The mildew city?
I'm not telling you my apartment.
It's not the mildew city.
It's just my apartment.
Okay, I just have a quick question for you.
I hadn't called you and I asked you but this is kind of important.
Go ahead.
Is it better to buy a couple thousand dollars worth of American Express or just buy a few hundred dollars worth of energy?
You get over there.
You go back and forth often.
Uh-huh.
Which is the most reasonable way of buying the money?
You want to get the absolute best rate?
Go to POTT?
No, no, no, no.
Okay, great.
The best rate is from the ATM.
So when you get there, go to the airport.
Right.
And at the airport, when you get to the airport at Skipoll or Zeyn in these change places, just change maybe a hundred bucks or whatever in the euros.
And then when you're in there forever long, go to any of the ATMs.
You've got a bank card, obviously.
Right.
And just take it out there.
You'll get the best rate guaranteed.
Really?
Yes, sir.
Uh, well, my dad appreciates it.
My dad's actually going out of the country the first time in his life.
Excellent. He'll love it.
The party walks out for the Rostomania.
I know.
Every time.
Thank you.
I also believe.
Okay, Wayne Arnold is here looking young and spry.
And uh, Hudson is right behind him there.
How are you, Wayne?
Good.
You're still alive.
Wayne is still alive.
Nice to see you.
What's he got there?
Oh, look at his.
Wayne is a more political propaganda there.
I wouldn't be surprised if Wayne is the Democratic candidate for president.
Oh!
Huh?
Well, Bobby Graham's got that little heart thing.
Now, Bob Graham runs.
Are you going to support Bob Graham?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
He says, Wayne Arnold, let's hear it for Wayne.
We love Bob Graham.
We don't know why.
You know, that's the thing we were talking about yesterday is that he's so popular in Florida.
But nobody we can figure out why.
And I like him too, but I still can't figure out why.
I know.
Thank you, Hudson.
You're a wonderful American, sir.
Hey, now let's see.
Look at that.
He lost like an answer to it since we saw him last, didn't he?
Let me be the jacket.
No, seriously.
He is the accordion man.
Always has.
Wayne Arnold.
One week he'll come in.
He'll be like 400 pounds.
The next week he'll be 180.
How do you do it?
Walking, pressing the flesh.
I bet you are.
I bet you are.
Wayne is pressing the flesh.
Okay, thanks gentlemen.
Have a wonderful week.
Weekend in life, etc.
Vote for Wayne Arnold for the Navy Town Council District 1.
He's got the skills integrity experience and white huts.
That's what he says.
Thank you, man.
See, this is good.
I bet there's no hot sauce near either, just like I said.
Hey, Hudson, take care of that guy.
Okay, we want to keep him around for a little more free food anyway.
What?
Wayne's a good guy.
He likes to go to the little guy.
The best guy.
You see what he said about you.
Now look at that.
Just what I ordered too.
Beautiful.
About six pounds of it though.
Bacon though.
What?
Bacon looks wonderful.
Oh, I love bacon.
Don't you love bacon?
Yeah, when it's nice and chewy, like combo.
It's better than that.
Nissan Super-drinking with those awful noodles and palm oil.
Hmm.
Fraud noodle, man.
It's just clogging your arteries.
Nothing like that.
Not like the bacon.
Fatty, bratwurst, Rochester White Huts.
These are the original Rochester White Huts by the way.
Now that Rochester Hots place is gone.
Not a shame that they're gone.
Yeah.
They liked us a lot.
They liked the...
They were using the show a lot.
I mean, they liked this.
They sent us food a lot.
Even when we didn't want it.
They were okay.
I don't know what the hell happened to them.
Didn't they have a fire or something?
I think they did.
And that's what happens when you have a fire.
Boy, there's nothing like bacon, you know.
It's not good for you.
And you don't want to know what?
So, I don't care.
We don't care today.
This is the one they have.
After finding that that list came from.
What was it?
It was a waste homes in Garden.
Some crap like that.
Right.
We're trying to that baloney, okay?
Because like Sonny from the market used to say,
you're not here for a long time, just for a good time.
And that what he said?
Baloney.
That's not good for you and doesn't taste good.
I do like baloney.
You don't like baloney?
Well, it's a baloney.
You say baloney or baloney.
How about baloney?
If you like baloney or you love the food there.
Oh, man.
Yeah?
That's not Italian-ish.
It's like real Italian.
Unlike the olive-y garden.
It's 11 afternoon in the 560 WQM.
Hey, listen.
Poppano Park's got some big stuff going on this weekend.
Tomorrow night, Saturday, January 25th, this family fun night starting at 7 p.m.
With three minutes of your horse ride, free popcorn for the kids, free face painting and
magic show at 7.30 p.m. plus free drawings for the kids to be in a mini horse race.
There'll be live music or real horse race on display and trainers talking about equipment,
racing and answering your questions about harness racing.
Monday night, we got the $2 for $25 full course dinner special in the lavish top of the park
race on the 6th floor.
Hold the paprika, please.
The great art you can eat before the 4-4 players lounge just $10.95 per person every
race night and the free spaghetti dinner coming back a week from Monday.
Not this Monday, but the following Monday, February 3rd, the free spaghetti dinner, which
we'll be telling you about.
I want to make sure I got this right.
Okay.
Oh, no, seriously.
Because it says in the copy and I know Steve Wolf would never make a mistake.
I almost was sure that it saw a big Poppano Park an in here and it says, no, I had the
right thing.
I want to make sure it wasn't tonight that they had the wrong day.
Steve Wolf would make a mistake, would he?
Well, he may, but not this time.
Watch yourself, Steve.
Family fun night is tomorrow night at Poppano Park.
Chris, we got great live racing tonight in the 4 nights a week.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.
First post time, 7.15 p.m. he got free general parking, free grandstand admission every afternoon
evening.
And of course, Simon Casting starting a new and every day, seven days a week from tracks all over
North America.
So you want to have a great time, plunge your brains up, enjoy some really good challenges in the
place.
Poppano Park, I'm, uh, what was it?
I'm Powerline Road, a block south of Atlantic Boulevard in Pompeo B.
Friday, local, this is five cities.
The radio is all yours.
I'm QAM.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
So.
For me, kill me you're not my type.
Yes, sound like a nine year old kid.
Only a macho-mending guy.
You don't know this.
That makes me lift my wings.
If Ginger was a lover of mine,
I'd bury my bullfist, Pani Knows.
Inside his hip-bley rear end.
No, I would not be a sport home.
If I was not a closet of faith,
That's why a Ginger and Moe K. Union
would make me feel dizzy in today.
Everybody follow my thousand balls.
Yeah, Ginger and Moe K. Union.
I'm gonna pound what make my sorrows lonely.
If we had a Ginger and Moe K. Union,
Pani wouldn't have to get me ready.
Okay, 1218 at 560 WQM.
Here's somebody used to work on his show with Moe,
the beast whose unprofessional course
and got blown out of there.
And he just hopped on a scale he's doing his balance for life
and the good news today is 240 and a half.
So that's, and last week with 243, right?
Well, that's good.
He's getting back on it.
He's sliding back down again.
I'm keeping that thing right over here, man.
I'm gonna keep real close to record on his while I'm here
another day or two.
I'll be here a while.
I'll be here all the way.
I'll tell you one thing.
This is not what I ordered when I came back down here.
It's supposed to be like 75 every day sunny and like 55 at night.
Not watching my TV and having Brian Norcross.
Oh my God, the sky is falling.
It's freezing. It's freezing. You're gonna die.
So you have a snow blower?
No, I'm gonna go out and buy one today along with my ozone a blower.
There's a lot of blowing going on.
Never heard the morning show?
19 past noon at 5.60 W.A.M.
I'll tell you that pool, man.
We got what we got four million votes on it.
The final runoff.
It'll be up there all weekend.
You can do it with it.
400.
Oh, that was beautiful.
478 votes.
Your favorite South Florida business that's no longer there.
Miss Kain Babies for, Penrods for, which is, we apologize.
Three guys, pizza for.
And why did you say that castaway seafood is out of business?
I can't believe you did that to our good new friend, the new owner.
See, they're gonna believe you.
They don't know.
Just a joke, guys.
Okay, although what's George talked about the bad wig?
Shaky's five, Hemingway's five, Delhaus six.
I'm going from the bottom up.
A little variety.
Incredible University, Morrison Cavatry and Peaches and Hardies each have eight.
Hardies has got those great Schroenberger's, man.
Well, let go theater nine, Wags 10, Malibu Grand Prix 12, Burton's X 13.
Wasn't looking for them, I guess.
Poverty XN Uno's Pizza 14, J. Byron's 15, Jordan Marsh 15.
Comedians.
A New England Oyster House 19, Playboy Club 20, Sambo's 20, Hollywood's Forty-Toy and 21, Wolfies 23,
Tapeless Car Wash 28, Sunrise Musical V8 or 41, Sixth Lags in Landis Water Park 44, Eastern Airlines 46,
and Bobby Maduro State him.
Do we believe it?
No.
54.
Because this is such a big, big baseball town.
Wags from Matthew says there are Hardies all around the country and quite a few in Florida,
the closest to us is in Fort Myers, 14, 900-pound beach full of art Fort Myers, Florida.
It's even got the phone number.
There's also a dollhouse in sunny Isles and it also says F-Mo sign Matthew.
PS, is that Matthew Bell?
Nady Bell?
PS, then anyone suggests Richard Department's story?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, they did.
Sorry, Matthew.
I'll just go right through your head.
Now what?
In fact, I think what we should do next week, we'll have people calling everybody and say,
was this one on the list?
We'll put them all in alphabetical order.
And we'll say, yeah, there was.
Okay, thank you.
Because that's pretty much what we're getting now.
I mean, we had so many on here, how many more businesses could there be?
20, 30 million?
That are no longer around?
Here's Sunrise, hello.
Is there a nail?
Yes, sir.
Good day.
I have to be an air conditioning contractor.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if anyone had spoken to you about UV light filtration system.
No.
This is kind of a, this is used mostly in commercial applications like hospitals,
and schools, and stuff.
And it's just now being started to use and run potential.
But what it does is it fades the air coming in and the air is going out in a certain spectrum of UV light
and kills 100% of anything that gets in the light.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's really helpful in hospitals and now using the residential applications that tell
for homeowners and children about quite that soon.
Right.
And if you're interested, I'll get my number to George, and maybe stop by.
Okay, hang on.
I appreciate it.
Hold on.
Thank you.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
A number all the way.
I think Miguel already got me hooked up with somebody that works here, or who's a relative
works here who's, um, once hung out with somebody who works, whoever it is.
I think we got that cover.
But just in case, okay, because this guy seems like he wants a little plug.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
What are you doing in there?
You dropped.
Look at that.
God is punishing George because he don't like broccoli.
Because he's, because he's in good.
But that nissen, a noodle palm, uh, hearts of palm, uh, clog your artery soup by the gallon.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale's gone.
Hello.
You got cookies in North Miami Beach?
Got it.
Get a new phone.
Phone storage dealer.
I hate a bad phone.
He's in a bad cell, okay?
Maybe I'll put him in a one-ridale goldstein, although he won't have any food left over.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
George wants to know where his rating bonus is, number one, and number two, where the new contract is.
I just mentioned those things in passing because I try to go to bad.
From keep in mind, though, George, one thing.
Break H.U.
Keep that in mind.
Lighthouse point.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple I think you forgot.
What about Sloan Steakhouse?
Never heard of it.
On this cane just north of 79.
That reminds me of speaking of Sloan Steakhouse.
That wasn't owned by a guy named Ernie Sloan, was it?
Yeah, I don't know.
We used to have a guy in WNW West 100 years ago used to do the show on a weekend called
Behind the Velvet Rope, and his name was Ernie Sloan.
He talked with a real heavy European accent.
He was a food guy.
And then there was Gallagher's about a block.
Had it.
And the Lou-
The Lou-
Had that.
Jackie Gleason's pub.
Had it.
And the Westward Hall restaurant.
Had it.
Thank you.
Well, see, ordinarily you think that was kind of a waste of time.
But he mentioned Sloan.
Ernie Sloan.
Behind the Velvet Rope.
I bet you some of our real old people.
Our listeners from 75.
Have some of that stuff.
It will be a real good practice for your show on Sunday.
5670560.
Pound 5660 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Thanks again to Wayne Arnold.
125th and Northwest 7th Avenue in North Dade.
The only rural castle left anywhere in the Stuck of the Woodson's World.
We're talking about businesses that we miss so bad.
The original little castle burgers.
The neatly burgers with bacon and cheese.
The authentic Rochester White Hots.
What are these?
Are these Wiggles or Tobins?
Do we know?
You're supposed to know these things.
Anywhere they're the authentic Rochester White Hots.
Like he used to get a Vickin' Herves and Duninbubs and what's the other one?
Nick Tows.
And what are we getting?
We're getting a Vickin' Herves down here.
Oh God, that's going to be great.
That's like going to Rochester without freezing your ass off.
Only you can't smell the lilacs.
Can you smell them?
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello, probably is ozone.
Yes.
I hate the LA dough.
Good.
I got a few I haven't heard.
Sure, go ahead.
Anyone mentioned 10 Hortons, donut?
We don't have that here.
Was there one in Boka?
No, there was.
There used to be one in, I think, open part of Bokka.
I'll be damned.
Butterdown.
Not plenty of minterado, eh?
Yeah.
How about Ocean World for a lot of dough?
Been there, done that, had it.
How about on behalf of all the plantation police of the food spot on University and
the froward of all?
Oh yeah, we didn't have that one.
I think that's why they placed one out of business.
I think some folks that I want to mention, no names, eight of out of business.
Have a good weekend.
You too, thanks.
Yeah, that's a food spot.
Used to be on a corner there, Broward in University.
And early in the morning, you go in there and there were all the plantations finest, you know, hanging out,
making the coffee, checking out the donuts to see if they were like really fresh.
Of course, after you take 15, 20 bites, they're mostly gone.
Now let me ask you about crispy cream.
Not that I want any, because I can't eat that.
Well, but you're like a lot of places now since they're branching out and they're so popular.
You're going to some of the fast food joints or like some of the not fast food.
I mean, in the, you know, gas stations where they have the mini markets.
And they have like a crisp, have you seen them?
They have a crispy cream thing.
Right.
Now do you think that those are as good as the ones you get, they get them delivered from the
donut shop, how fresh they are, is anyone's guess?
Yeah.
I've bought them there before.
They were, you know, fine.
They were crispy and creamy.
They were crispy and creamy.
Sure.
And what?
Really?
26 past noon at 560 WQM.
I guess I'll get my time Brady picture back up on my desktop here during the break.
Speaking of that.
Hey, are you in need of a car insurance if you got tickets in the past or had an accident?
Do you have bad credit?
Well, if you answered yes to any of these things or to all of these things, here's the number to call.
1-888-506-7283.
That's the number 4, a Florida for our first insurance.
They've got the current insurance policy for everybody regardless of your past record.
They've got low down payments.
You can get the current insurance you need for as little as 35 bucks a month.
Call them now, toll free, 1-888-506-7283.
Have a few more of those.
They're good for you.
Florida first insurance offers free quotes to their family owned and operated with years of experience.
Does he check it out to WhiteHots?
I told you he's practicing for Sunday show.
You deserve the current insurance you need, but you need to call them now, toll free.
1-888-506-7283.
If you need insurance for your home, life insurance, health or commercial insurance, Florida first insurance are the people who get it done for you.
And right now is a special promotion.
Stop by any Florida first insurance location, get you a quote, and you'll get two free casino crews passes,
compliments of Las Vegas style, marketing a $60 value, absolutely free.
So call 1-800.
What is it?
Well, I mean 1-888.
Well, I'm so carried away by these wings.
1-888-506-7283.
Oh, why?
Nothing.
1-888-506-7283 to get a current insurance quote from Florida first insurance and get two free casino crews passes absolutely free at the same time.
Don't forget the matter, what your car history record is.
These are the people who talk to Florida first insurance for all your current insurance needs.
Call them now, 1-888-506-7283.
1-888-506-7283.
We are supporting you 5-60.
You A.M.
You bastard.
Hey, man.
It's Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones.
Like you didn't know that, right?
I mean, that's like saying,
Hi, I'm the Pope from the Church.
Anyway, anyway, I want to talk about me website, KeithRichards.com.
That me friends have asked me to remind people there's some things you don't want to have found on your computer.
Apparently, there's a few rock and rollers out there who don't follow the rules, man.
There's no child porn ever.
I mean, there's no wiggle room on it, man.
Even if you're doing research for like your own automobile biography or whatever.
See, with me, being as old as I am, anyone under 40, it would be child porn, right?
I mean, the only porn legal for me to view is Nancy Sinatra and M.D.M. Booter's, man.
Those boots have seemed better days, I'll tell you.
I do have a couple of favourites that I view quite often.
I got one of Phyllis Dillig and changed backstage at one of them, D. Martin Rose.
And you can see quite clearly part of a left tee.
I also got a great bush shop of George.
George Bush, in his drawers, are changing for a quick jog.
It doesn't excite me a lot, but it is a pick me up smile, make up.
The only other porn picture legal for viewing, you know, for me anyway, and people of my age, if they're all any left,
is me picture a Janet Reno making Wii Wii out my fence in Waco, Texas.
It's sick, man. But I'm not. I'm not.
Carry on, rock and roll, as you remember, delete your cookies.
If you're using Microsoft Explorer, go to tools, internet options, and click delete cookies.
If you're using Mac, I don't know, man. I mean, mix got a Mac, one of them shiny orange ones.
It looks like a George Foreman, Lane Mean, Grillin machine.
I've put me so efficient that thing more than one time, and Mac goes crazy.
So anything about Mac, you've got to ask, Mac.
All right, take me out online, KeithRitches.com. Peace out.
No matter if fact, it's not. It's, uh, yes it is. But we knew that.
It's a 1234 or 560 WQM, a little behind the scenes stuff, George and I discussing this and that.
And mostly that.
So we got the Mac dog coming up at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
All right.
Super Bowl Sunday, baby, Bucks. Final score, Bucks 31, Oakland Raiders 21.
How's that sound to you?
What'd you just say?
Uh, I said, who do you like?
Well, you're going to be watching the Super Bowl, aren't you?
The one.
Anybody in America, even people who hate sports, people who wouldn't know a football from a cum quad.
They watched the Super Bowl because it's there and it's, uh, they're supposed to.
George being independent minded and being a militant little bastard, he will not watch it.
He will not watch the pregame festivities unless, uh, maybe, maybe Brittany's going to be their naked hanging a boob out at least.
Right.
Oh, speaking of which, I'm sorry, you see sometimes I forget things because there's so much going on.
You know, like it's cold.
So much going on here cold as a witches ass.
But guess who sang the national anthem at the first playoff game, which would have been the Eagles and the Bucks last Sunday?
I'll give you a clue.
David Hasselhoff.
Friend of your wrong sex, I think.
Wrong gender.
She knows you.
You know her.
Jolene Daniel.
Blonde.
More famous than that.
Mary, somebody I like a lot.
That fucking bitch.
Come on.
How many, how many blonde singers or at least singer I use loosely have been in a studio with you?
Oh, Jessica Simpson.
How about that?
Samson, Samson, and National Anthem.
Nick was nowhere to be seen.
Uh, Jessica Simpson.
Did she get new boobs?
I didn't ask.
I'll ask Nick.
Take a look at them.
Yeah.
If you can see them, then she got new boobs.
In other words, she doesn't have any boobs.
She didn't.
Well, maybe Nick thinks she's a guy.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Boy, you talk about a group of 98 degrees or so good.
Of all those boy bands that hold genre, they really could sing.
I'm not talking about it in the studio where like anybody can be made to sound good,
because like the backdoor boys couldn't sing the weight of a paper sack live.
And I'm sure that concert I went to where I got pneumonia from Woody Graver that time in Palm Beach.
I'm sure that was like all canned and had a little stoke.
Yeah, a little stunk.
But 98 degrees could sing.
I'll tell you what, they never did any of that stuff.
They sang it live.
They were great.
But once he got going there with Jessica, that was it.
You know what you're not on?
No, good.
That was the end of him.
Pinecrest, hello.
Pinecrest.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was wondering if anybody said, OKC's in Pinecrest?
OKC's.
It's now gone.
Oh, I'll be damned.
Great Irish place.
Terrible food, but great place.
OKC.
And also, there's a cream dough that's used to be down in a cup of rice.
Yeah, that was on there.
OKC.
Thank you, Neil.
I appreciate it.
Love the show.
One out of two ain't bad.
Thank you.
That's a pass.
Bye-bye.
OKC.
There's a guy under 100 who's reminiscing a little bit.
We understand a lot of you punks out there.
Oh, gee.
This is so...
Well, they're people like it, OKC.
Let's have something for all of us old parts just once a year maybe.
You know?
Leave us alone.
We're living in the past and quite frankly, looking at what we got now.
Oh, look at what signs, George.
Over five years, hidden costs have filled the replacement for electricity.
Can add up to over $1,000.
The ionic freeze quadrant requires no filters and uses almost no electricity.
Try it in your home for two months.
If you don't love it, send it back.
Sharper image will be...
Five easy payments of only 70 bucks.
Through this exclusive offer.
He says, screw this off.
Then you are free, bathroom ionic freeze.
Who's the thin complex that you're going to help see the dreamer for the back?
Oh, God.
You've been 24 hours a day.
The $69 bathroom ionic freeze is yours free when you order today.
And that's right down to the mobile.
And be sure to ask about free shipping.
$155.0289.
Help eliminate chemicals.
It doesn't deal a little work out for me.
Okay?
I'll, I'm sure will.
Because it's, Miguel said it's somebody that somebody knows.
Here's one that says, dear Neil, you forgot Godfather's pizza.
No, we didn't.
Doesn't qualify.
We got him by the Hess gas station.
Does this sound like a little redundant to you all of these?
Better than pizza and dominoes.
Yeah, well, of course, dominoes.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I guess the less I say about dominoes, the happier they'll be, you know what?
Anybody would confuse that with pizza.
I mean, that's not even Italian-ish.
No.
Here's one that says, oh, Clarence brought me another check.
Thank you.
My favorite is a Florida business that's no longer around.
I don't understand this plantation hospital.
This is a chronic regular faxier who must spend a lot of time watching a general hospital
and guiding light and the passions, where they seem to half of the town seems to spend a good part of their time at a hospital.
Just hanging around.
Plantation hospital, not plantation general, which is still there.
Plantation hospital was on sunrise, but about across from plantation north high school, right behind the JB.
What is it?
Before the JCC.
I love that place.
What a blast.
Well, there must have been some really kicky stuff going on there plantation hospital, you know?
There must have been a lot of people in the hospital beds.
You can't see my drift.
What was that movie?
Which one?
The one where...
Oh, the movie where they're doing all the...
Gaslight.
Gaslight.
Without rehabbing in the Charles Boyan, that was it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Where they were doing all the crap in the hospital, was it not hospital in George's East Scott?
This was like a slapstick thing.
I know what you're talking about.
I saw it.
Yeah, what the hell was that?
It was good. Well, it'll come to us.
Right after we go to Godfathers.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
And Ted Rods.
Hello.
And Ted Rods. Yes, sir.
And the other room. Yes.
I love your show.
There's two businesses I can remember.
One was a Miami Serpentarium.
Remember in Houston?
Had it.
What about Tammy Amigun shop on Bird Road?
Okay, what about it?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Well, I tell you, after today, that we're drawing the line.
Remember what Johnny Cash said?
I draw the line.
I walked...
Well, look what happened to him.
It's still happening.
Yeah.
They're all over his face, all the lines.
Boy, he's looking not too good, Johnny.
He's got a burning desire.
And it's written all over his craggy push.
524 watts.
By the way, do you see how much food muff ganked out of here?
Those burgers were extremely good this time, right?
Yeah, they always get better each time.
Wayne Arnold and his good close, like Tato,
to the long-rangeer Hudson,
who probably drives a studa banker.
Don't you love this the way he always brings me in the latest literature?
Wayne Arnold for Davy Town Council.
You got one, too.
Yeah.
Wayne's got the skills, the integrity area.
And this is...
And I'm not sure...
Oh, see, it's got a slimmer picture and a much fatter picture.
Seriously, he amazes me.
You remember last time he was in here, I was scared for him.
He weighed 600 pounds, and he was like a human walking wrinkle.
Today, he looked pretty good.
Maybe he benches and purges, but for months at a time.
Or maybe there's more than one art, Wayne Arnold.
Like, like Sodom, huh?
He's a twig.
A clone!
He's got a clone.
Yeah, maybe he's been cloned by the clone aid railions.
19-1 at 5.60 WQAM.
If you want to get yourself a great night's sleep tonight, tomorrow night, and the next several months and years to come.
Get a great name, brand mattress.
It's an unbeatable price from.
You know by now if you don't, you don't listen to this show.
Thalamatris.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
They'll have you sleeping like a baby for months and years to come.
They got Seely, Serta, Simmons, King Quill.
You know all those names because they're the top names in the business.
And they've got them all in every size and style they were invented.
When you call 1-800-Matris, you will talk with an expert bed and consultant.
Who knows their crap inside and out.
And they'll hook you up with exactly the one you're looking for because they got it in stock.
No bait and swish.
No phony sales.
Just great unbeatable everyday low prices.
And delivery like you never heard of in your life.
Because they deliver when you want it.
Any day, seven days a week, to our window you picked, no, 2-1-3.
Whenever it's convenient for you, dial amateurs prides itself on their 99% on time record.
So do what all of us here at QM are doing that more and more.
George has done it.
Miguel's doing it right now as a matter of fact.
I'll be doing it.
We got a great mattress from dial amateurs and love it.
Every second of it.
Call 1-800-Matris-M-A-T-T-R-E-S for dial amateurs.
They'll have you sleeping like a baby for like 10,000 years.
Stand by them low.
This is 20-0-Fixing.
You way up.
I day you bastard.
The commercial you're about to hear has been adolescently subjected to a moronic series of edits and changes with no adorthmen or authorization by the original advertiser.
We apologize, however, stand by our mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
Just days after Coca-Cola announces their new flavor vanilla coke.
Here comes a new taste from Pepsi.
The joy of French toast.
New French toast Pepsi.
Smooth, eggy, creamy, carbonated bread.
The joy of French toast.
New French toast Pepsi.
Available now.
You know what you used to like?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
I was great to come down here cause all the grates went there.
You got it.
Ok, I have a great day pal.
All right.
Thanks.
He is right.
You see that story about the auto toister a couple of days ago.
But they were investigating and palpitating.
No.
Almost bought a Lamborghini there many years ago.
I remember back in those days that you know Ferrari days.
What about him?
I'm just saying, didn't vinyl Ferrari there was like next door.
Whatever.
I remember that.
You had just gotten rid of your Ferrari.
Good, I wonder.
I feel so much better and I'm so much happier. Look at my Corvette's for like a third of the price of those kinds of other cars
I just know what you can actually take it out and drive it as opposed to those other cars
Which are toys for rich boys which leaves me out leaving in the garage
Clean it with a diaper toys for plastic assholes and believe you me. There's nothing worse like the tidie bullman says than a plastic
Asshole if you get cold at cancer
Is that what they put in right here's for a lottery. Hello
I'll think about that while I'm enjoying my white hot. Yes sir
To the left off I think that was really okay. Yeah, thank for anxious hospital
I'll be named and might Gordon seafood right now that was on there
One out of two ain't bad though 500 even Pete rose didn't bad 500 right
Good thank God, okay. Thank you. Yeah Pete Rose now is gonna admit that he up head on baseball. What we do?
Yeah, so now could I get in see how used to be in favor of beginning because you're supposed to be in those things based on
What how you played not on whether you were scumbag or not, you know?
But now that they're trying to say oh well, who'd be a great spokesman for the game. Yeah, right
Ask some of the tellers that the tracks around tell me the great spokesman for the game. He'll be okay plunging his brains out PD, huh?
At least at last report with those big stacks of $100 bills on the tables that vanished very rapidly from what I'm hearing
Come on PD tell us it ain't true tell us you're not gambling no more like a wild man
Aren't you concerned about that whether Pete Rose gets in?
Georgia's so hot about it. Here's a call from Tampa. Hello
All right now where we discover that Donna Tellos is still open. That's a good news. Yeah, there's door-round excellent
What a white hot they're like proud worst oh, they're indigenous to upstate New York Rochester and the the environs
I never never had any way to go up to Rochester in the summertime though
It's warm up there for about four or five days you mentioned a W.I.O.D. tribute website with
Big Wilson and Bill Carter on there right
Can you know how I can find that that website? I think you'll just have to do a search for Bill Carter big Wilson because I don't it was
Geocity something but I never I never got it. Yeah, I tried to do a search on Google with you know both of those names
How about micro do a micrinary search R.E.I. in
E.R.I. Okay, because it's definitely got to be there all right. Thanks you bet
Yeah, we miss a bit look at that isn't that pathetic big Wilson
What's the name? Bill Carter just a just relax Brian Carter Brian Carter and Bill Carter one of my best friends of all time great guy and
Micrinary really good guy all gone
Brian or cross the stolen winner in channel four though her season young guy, you know
We just we don't wish Brian any ill-health. We just wanted to go away
Don't go away mad Brian. We'd much rather see Bob Soaker because he's a good friend of ours
And he's not as melodramatic
He doesn't put on stupid leather gloves just because it's gonna get down to like 35 or 37 degrees
I mean that's you understand how I feel
Having just come back from a December in Toronto at least half of the month and half of the December and Amsterdam worth even more bitter
I mean really bitter and
Then coming and then these people acting like a bunch of pussy's man. Oh, it's gonna be so cool
Oh, gee and you idiot's running the the story to buy up a bunch of supplies
Well, you have to get supplies for when you have a couple of cold nights my idea is turn the heat on
Yeah, but it's snowed in yeah, that's true. You could get snow on a canned goods
What if the bear should be root?
You're gonna do about that man
The media in this country has got everybody into a little we don't need ozone
We got the media to drive everybody nuts
Well, these are really good today, huh? You're right
Chewy every time they come here the food gets a little bit better when he gets a little bit fatter
Hudson gets a little more yucks. He just lights it up
You'll love the neighborhood by the way or how's that go? You won't love the neighborhood, but you love the food right go there in the day time
125th and northwest 7th Avenue. They do have a drive-through
What I'll think that that's a drive-by
No, they have a drive-through, but let my suggestion is keep the windows closed real tight at night
Partished with the sewer of this place
John
Taxi car, but it drive a several park
You look at me so quissically
I could tell she was in the dark
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made
No, but he speaks English anymore
I went down to my hand and weach weather business and
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real fun
I asked him for a pint of whole gym beamie says no on the end of what doesn't mean
The butter's to English
That corner
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English smelly
Or you can go back to our
Ramm
Came here many years ago
Learn my ABC. I
Don't say much is gross. Yes. I said pretty
So get yourself to a classroom quicker in America now stop making this thing
Come to the end is five sixty WQ. I am almost at the end of another week
What is week here went by fact? You know in a spot of all the psychosis and angst in hysteria?
So anyway our best advice is Zach watch your back, okay?
Although I think maybe they you know because the guests have been kind of weak anyway
Here's a fact that just came in and say
Now let's fight people got to stick together Zach you're okay at our book. Okay, but those guests
Long time listener first time facts through this one says I just finished reading a book
I think you'll enjoy it's called wait any of this George
Since they're regaling us with all kinds of stuff we've never talked about it's called fast food nation the dark side of all
Emery the all American me by Eric Schlosser
Well, how is he gonna know that I not only talked about it any in fact that book is up in my apartment in Toronto
Way so I'll reread it Peter when I go back up there it attacks the fast food industry mainly McDonald's
I'll personally never put a hamburger in my mouth again the book is full of amazing statistics and facts and shows just why we're
Sets an obese
Enjoy your Peter enjoy your show Peter says
Thanks Peter
It is a great book we talked about it at life
But the problem is because we're creatures of habit and we like the way things taste, you know you read all of that stuff
Yeah, I'm never gonna touch that again. I'm never gonna have another steak. I'm never gonna never burger and we'll do it, you know
You just don't think about it. No
Think about what I mean like if you're gonna sit down and have a great steak
You don't think about the slaughterhouses and all those things we're talking about the other day
You see the filth and the blood on the floor and a schmoot. You just don't think about that right you think oh, it's nice and it's
Boyle the perfection and it's nice and juicy and Lucy and Lucy came from the steak tree
That's one of my favorites the steak tree
Anyway, what's your favorite stuff?
Flood of business that's no longer around we asked our final it's up there all week in the orange who's got come
546 votes and a few of my real Eastern Airlines has moved into first place
I don't like that Bobby Maduro forget about him six flags at Lannis water park sunrise musical theater
Top of the car wash wolfies playboy club
Howdy, what's for to tour him and we're gonna the oyster house and you know what we left off at her
What about the first team?
There's nothing like a Tasha host holding a big black dildo what you're trying to do an update
