A
Stance of power, Menor covers over this performance by the Dolphins
Nobody move, I'm your football player, don't you make a sound? I'm just gonna wake you up and leave quietly
Don't let this happen to you. Today's National Football League Cracket athletes are above the law
Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home
With the new Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System
Every Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System comes with a jury Johnson's seal of disapproval
I never met a criminal, I didn't lag and if they can catch the ball or run with the ball, why?
There's something special! Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where they usually find God and the wife names I wrote
The Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System, the seal will go crack deeper for the jail
It's the 10-0-1 at 5-60 WQA, and it's a very sad Tuesday in South Florida
And it's sad, don't you feel like you just want to commit suicide?
You just want to blow your brains out?
Nope, I don't either
Nice, on-site kick like I said, Olen de Mare
He just kicked him a little bit sideways these days, he's kicking side-settle
And it's just like a... I mean, there was no chance that we're gonna get even in the game anyway
But there was like one last gasp, a little bit of hope
And why should they gotten back in it? Because all the Dolphin fans, those so-called fans left anyway
Seven minutes to go in the game, they're down by a touchdown at that point
That's before the Eagles kicked that last field rule, they're down by a seven
And everybody went and bailed out of there like they had a bomb scare at P.P. Park
And then they're calling in Joe this morning, whining, well gee, there's nobody left but Eagles fans there
Well, I wonder why? Don't tell me that you folks weren't some of the ones that left there with seven minutes to go in the game
But at any rate, it's the same, you know, the expression neurotic repetition
It's the same with South Florida sports, except for the Marlins
In fact, even the World Series, I guess, was neurotic repetition
Because nobody cared all year just like 97
And then all of a sudden, just everybody jumped on that bandwagon right at the end
Right at the end, right at the end
It's the same thing with this
Anyway, getting back to the important stuff, how about that strong thermon?
Right! Didn't know the old guy handed in him
Have you seen that story?
Yes
About his mixed race daughter, one of the great segregationists of all time
Yup
And he was banging some darky lady, well anyway, we're getting banned
Here's the results from my yesterday's pool
I think because it's a holiday season, because I got like this little scratch
I must say though that for an old fart like me, I made nice recovery
You must have been thinking for sure that you were going to get to do the show today
Nope
You weren't?
No
Because I was right on the edge of a real bad head, cold
I knew you'd pull it through
I pulled it
Right through the window
I dragged it in here
And it brought me back to life
What's your take on the capture of Sodom who's saying we asked yesterday?
We broke all records, mine, and the last number I looked at when we got out here
I remember we couldn't get the thing to sit still because there were so many people on the website
It was a 904
I looked at like 944 about a minute after 2, 944
That was shocking
Breaking even those alien records, how do you like that?
Okay, breaking poor little alienito's records of hysteria and foaming it to mouth in his audience
1674 votes for a weekday pool, that may be also right in the, I don't know, maybe Erkencheck, I doubt it
What's your take on the capture of Sodom who's saying it's fine, but where's Osama?
Remember him?
Osama Yamama
563 votes for that
The whole invasion was bogus based on lies
Can't believe he's going to change his ways
No, you're not
544 votes on that
Whole Iraq attack was bogus
That's one small step for humanity in one giant political leap for George W. Bush 295
Fry the bastard on Channel 7, fry Sodom on Channel 7 right in, with Spooky's the right pool in the switch
168, Spooky's the right was there, he probably would beg in for it
And no matter the cost, it was well worth it only 105, 6.2%
Guess who Chris Matthews on hardballs which I never watch
But I was a Channel surf me for the football last night
Guess who Chris Matthews made look like a real asshole
Who's that?
Oi
Julie Berman
Man he had him stammering and fumping and bumbling it was great
And he refused to answer the questions like he asked him about how come we were buddies with Sodom back in the 80s and yadda yadda yadda he was the good guy
And he kept changing the subject
But I beat, but I bop, but I bop
Julie Berman you were disgrace really are and all you old Jews down there that are supporting him just because of the fact that he ate
He ate a couple of pieces of humankind a few years ago
That's really sad
That's pathetic
Just because he had some grubbinus once in his life, you ever have grubbinus?
Uh no
You have never had grubbinus?
No
Oh come on
What is that?
It's like, uh, I don't even know how to describe it, it's poison, it will definitely kill you
But it's like chicken fat, like fried chicken fat
I'll pass on that one
Huh?
I'll pass
No, I don't know what the, what the, oh, you, no you like it
Believe me what I tell you
Although it will make you crap your brains out for hours, it keep you busy, keep you out of clearance
And the good news is the Beast God is new king cruel bed from battle, my friends
Let's hear it, he said that he, he and Clarence had a wild time
I'm the new mattress last night, now were you the king, Coral or the queen, Coral?
Oh, I'm definitely the man, the king
You the man?
That's what Clarence said, he said the beast, he the man
Now all we got to quit screwing around right now because before we give him today's pool
And now I'm going to play a lot of stuff today and take a lot of calls
I wonder if people ripped the dolphins today, wouldn't you love to hear that for four hours?
Yeah
I love it, it's the same crap every year, you know?
If it gets a little old, stale
All the belly aching and oj feedlers sucks and they've wadds that sucks and this one sucks
And what's with those dreadlocks Ricky and all that other crap, you know
He, I never realized until last night just how grotesque looking he is
He really is gruesome
Boy
Not that it would make any difference, and him and edgy, and of course that's a U.M. thing, that edgy thing, right?
That's a hurricane thing, which you don't want to get into
Because you're a pipe, you mean edgy?
We are going to spend an hour ripping microzenthal today
Nobody's sipped the beast and I know who the hell that is
I'm in newstime, it's 322 WVN time
You made a mistake, Neil, you made a mistake
We're going to rip budgero keach and microzenthal today, it's a little on the inside hurricane kind of crap
No, we're not
You're just jealous of microzenthal because of the fact that he's a big success now
He's a big superstar, what does he do?
I believe he's a math teacher
He's a math teacher, oh a perfect math teacher, please don't tell me he has a wife
I don't know
Does he have a penis? I sure doubt it
Anyway, we got to figure out we're going to have the van hit today
We got 47,500 bucks
Now did Miguel ever show his lovely ass in air and tell you that we got this other thing straightened out
No, no
The other thing from yesterday?
Well he said yesterday that he would, he said just disregard it
I don't know why he did that
Oh and also we got to rip Carlos, now there's so many Carlos's in that place
We're not talking about Carlos the freak that sits out at the reception desk
There's an embarrassment to all of us even Susan Lucci hates him like poison
But and we're not talking about Carlos Beener boy who they dragged out of there on an intensive care somewhere
With tubes hooked up to his ass we're talking about what is what's Carlos's last name do we know?
Picari
Carlos Picari
Carlos Picari you are a total asshole man you are the ultimate asshole
I don't even know if I've ever seen him or ever laid eyes on him
I doubtful doubtful
I'll tell you this I don't want to see him
Every single time
Every time Lisi's consistent he's consistently an asshole
Every time we have like multiple ball games
On this radio station which is how many times a month does that happen?
About third man
They're in that studio right there where your fat ass is sitting staining that chair
It's probably seeping all over that chair
And he's in there dicking around with stuff
And as a result the next morning when we try to get on with a show
Since we don't do our show the same place as the sports shows
We can't get the damn thing going same thing again this morning
Doppin game and a Panther game on what was it 1890 on AM dialects that the Panthers lost
It was on the surf
If you go up like the 2500 on your AM dog you might be able to hear it but I doubt it
And so we have all this different crap going on at the same time
Because naturally it's the only way they can ever make enough money to pay me
So anyway they're in there dicking around, dicking around
I come in this morning I'm sitting here and I'm not as early as when George is here
In fact I'm getting I'm trying to get in the smart
What do I need to be here at 7 30 in the morning for?
Well what's the point for that?
Get caught in the seat or something?
No seriously what do I mean?
I mean my bedroom is like six feet away from the studio here
What do I need to drag my ass in here 7 30 in the morning to confabulate with the little guava love and spick every morning?
I don't need that
So this is a lot better I come I come crawling in here about 8 30
That's fine and I'm listening they got they got the little dog is on there
It's loud enough that the damn the speakers are bouncing off the walls here
That's how loud he was
I thought his gigantic head was going to come popping right through this board
And I'm sure that Josh was probably trying to talk to me and I couldn't hear him and the beast but a beep but a boop but about
And it took about 20 minutes to try to unearth everything that Carlos Vicari left there screwed up again
Every single time he does it no matter how much we complain and carry on with Duff and with Clarence and all the other middle level flunkies in there
It doesn't do any good
Because see what's important on QA is not that he or
Roger show not the ratings not the money what's important is ball games that's what's important ball games the more balls the more games the more excited they are that's what Greg reads all about because he's he's he's not a dumb jock he's just a dumb jock sniffer is what he is
I think that Greg in spite of all of his womanizing I think that Greg probably somewhere inside of his psyche is probably a closet moog
Absolutely because he sure likes them the guys with John straps he probably would like to shower with the teams is what I'm thinking
But get that Carlos Vicari out of our studio at least put stuff back together again the way you left it now what was his comment to you?
He just wanted to you know make sure that everything was fine because he wasn't sure if he left it okay
Yeah, you left it all right you left it the same screwed up like you always leave it okay coming in your pocket around with everything you get your hands on and then you just leave it like a mess like a turl it
Could you please read the enclosed announcement on your show today it is vitally important that as many people know about this as possible says very Kirschner
What is this?
Committee to defeat Bush on that case sure no problem open assembly number three 130 p.m. Monday to
December 29th of the FAU Grand Palm Room never forget 2000 prevent another election fiasco come learn how US
Representative Robert Waxler good man
Co-sponsor of Bill HR 2239 the bill for it the bill for a voting paper trail and Vince Lipsio software design engineer digital voting machine
Software expert will tell it like it isn't how it ought to be next year learn how easily computerized voting machines can be corrupted learn why it's imperative to have a paper trail to track every vote so that they
Can't put the fix in again learn what a paper trail is usually see a paper trail in the tea room near QA after fat boys been in the
Always gets it stuck at the bottom of his shoe and he's got about like 45 yards of toilet paper coming out of the tea room
Learn how bill HR 2239 would require digital voting machines to provide a receipt for your vote and learn about California's new paper trail law
You want to find out more of the website is www.committity to defeat Bush dot org or if you want more info call Ruth Cleaver at 5 6 1 8 6 5 0 9 8 7 5 6 1 8 6 5 0 9 8 7
That's open assembly of 1 30 p.m. Monday December 29th in the FAU grand there you go Barry thank you so much and we got to figure out what we're going to do during the break put your thinking cap on your Keppala as your Lieberman would say and figure out what we're going to do this van hit today who's going out on the van hit Miguel or Scott junior I would think it's me gal but we'll find out hey Scott junior quits the on our batteries 10 13 and 5 60 WQM if you speak and have having a big bald spot like the beast if you got a big glaring
Yeah, I guess it's okay like to find your way around in the dark if there's like a little beam of light you can always use your head as a reflector but other net it looks like crap if you want to look younger and better than you ever dreamed again there's one guy ought to be called that's my good buddy Chuck Alphiari in fact it's a holiday time I give yourself the gift of here this holiday season called Chuck and get that natural hairline system it's the best there is it's as simple as that you don't have to make a big song to dance about it everybody and their brothers try to probably a some kind of a mousey looking muskrat piece like the one you know who wears absolutely although I do you know I thought about it I like
that thing about the mad dog is on between the toad and the load I like that that was pretty good how about between the slub and the tub
got run over at the Walmart
traveled under shoppers greedy feet get out of my way you pervert it was on the day after Thanksgiving
oh
I didn't know she did meet every year
we know all she wanted was a player congratulations you room Christmas for the DVD she owned
Merry Christmas and kiss my ass but when those faithful doors won't open she was stepped on and
begged up straight to the bone
grandma's now right out of action in a hospital she sits after a body is in traction
and she even needs a nurse to take us back
grandma got run over at the Walmart
travel under shoppers greedy feet
it was on the day after Thanksgiving
don't want grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat
you are getting a little bit more
grandma got run over at the Walmart
travel under shoppers greedy feet
it was on the day after Thanksgiving
what grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat
no operator give me the number for 9-1-1
Merry Christmas everybody
what's your ass
welcome 10-19 at 5-60 W-KIM course
these keep one thing in mind as we head toward these playoffs the patrons have been really lucky this year you know
yeah that's right the words of Moe and Geltie they've been very
absolutely lucky those 10-2 words and of course Moe had to get his beauty rest this morning so he certainly wasn't in
no mad dog either no mad dog today saw my skates well you're either buddy must have worn him out last night
it'll be a jog boob shambi
the boob my steer maybe we can get boob on a hotline for another 30 seconds like those
civilating calls during the Amarlands parade their world serious victory
let's see the boob steer how come I have is he going to be a chulas or is he going to be in a studio
that I don't know heck my studio though
I beg your pardon?
heck will be in studio
oh this this schedule is all screwed around man you've must have worn clearance out he's just way behind the eight balls
he just ain't doing it
one thing I will say though about the boob steer
you like him a lot
he's got quite a good one here
we like boob and like
and pasty complexion he's a good guy
unfortunately he has to work in fact this would be a great day maybe he'll call in now in a
bat line and he and I can discuss what it's like to work with Dave and boring
oh
I don't think he could be doing any crossovers with me again at any time if he fills an 8 to 10 like he did that one day
I should apologize
now I go to apologize no it was fun
it was a lot of fun because I put him on a spot I kept pretending just like you
Lieberman did last I with Chris Matthews and hardballs he kept pretending he didn't hear the question
and he kept talking about anything else beside the obvious
now sir see I can understand why you stuck up to Joseph Gacky
because like Dave and boring he's an ice guy I like to war a lot but he's terrible on the air he's awful
but you can't say that because you have to work with him and you want to cover your ass
you don't be like another micro zenthal
but as far as Dave and boring what have you got to a benefit by sucking his ass
nothing so why can't you just no no no don't start doing it George
they in pain a little that ain't going to fly this week okay that's bullcraft that's a cop out
or speaking of cop out Dave the cop can give it a rest for this hysterical facts about the pot laws
and you can do this and they can arrest you if they put you over the drugs even if the drugs aren't yours
and all of a sudden you know something it's a holidays man just lighten up a little bit Dave the cop
out of control as usual calm down now where we're going to do the van hit today I love it at this point
I love it at this point I beg your pardon me girls all upset he says on his way he's very very upset today
I've said about one he's like yelling at you yelling at me oh about the ball game last night is that what it is
very angry or maybe he got cut off by his lovely wife last night maybe she cut it off
maybe she finally wise up or maybe somebody else quartered him in a hole and said get her off the suspended list
or she's going to attack him again she's still on the on the VL the SL we have an SL it's not this bedelist it's the schmit list
I can't mention it's the Reno so where is it it's on its way to wear
and what is that that you're playing what is that you just sent you a fact but it's going to be Scott Jr
yeah Scott Jr is going to be out there with batteries I think he's going to be hiding in his back home
yeah he's going to be rolling him around in his hands he couldn't find any steel balls like in the canine mutiny
so he's rolling little batteries around in his hand crazy person Scott Jr you're really
enjoying it a kick out of looking at him just if you don't want to give us any money for a van and pay rescue
just stand outside the van and stare at him would that be fun oh and you'll never make eye contact anyway
because you want to look back at you oh I see so in other words we've I don't get this I don't understand this at all
so in other words we've been lied to again we've been lied to again I thought this was a place of our choosing they didn't you
it says next van hit tomorrow 11 to 2 somewhere that was yesterday's memo so I look at it today
Scott Jr. knew the two in the parking lot at the crossway we've been in cross brings to God damn much
there's no money up there they got a horizon break was going to go with this toy drive so that's what they were promoting last night
so I figured we just go there so in other words again we're just tagging along no they don't just we're just an afterthought just like with a ball games
with Carlos Picare there whatever the hell is name and same kind of crap I mean I realized we're not as important as the
Panther Red Wing game on 14 90 on our AM dollar whatever 1980 on the dial on a station it's got 45 watts that go straight up into the
year that nobody ever heard of before that we don't even know the collars of anymore that used to be WSRF back a hundred years ago
when band Patrick of the lions put it on the year did you know that by the way uh van Patrick the late great uh football now
so the detour lines he was the one that put WSRF on the air for a lot of now I know Dan Patrick many years ago
I'm turning the demolition to Dan Patrick van Patrick who used to call them the Philadelphia Eagles he was he was a big fat guy
he was good I mean he was no more Howard David but thank God well who is really nobody and we're really he's one of a kind man
after they made him they threw them all the way it was pretty moldy after they made that muskrat they threw the moldy thing away
well I bet you can't wait to see him again and bond with him tomorrow morning you must they must leave something out of your life when he is and they like today after a tough loss like last night
and the most recent there for you like you know scowl at in the morning I can't wait do you like make eye contact with him is there ever any conversation
no he won't talk to me well wait a minute how about when you ever talk to him I'll be kind of a conversation with him
well you're really what a guy in fact you probably should say boy I see the papers what a guy on Sunday what happened last night
mo that would be good mo and the rumor I'm here and speaking of mo is that because we got all this problem with we don't even know if Joe Rose is going to be stay on or not
that they're thinking I hope it doesn't happen it's going to be when when guilty move up to Joe Rose it's going to be the big with him
okay now it could be the mo oh show but that just never into it so it might be the almost show I'm a homo no homo not homo I'm a homo no you know and then we can have the mad dog between the tub and the shrub or however that goes what was it the the toad and the load
I like that mo he's come up with some pretty good material lately that's not time too late I think the trend or anything but what do you want to do
I beg your pardon that to rush you or anything but what do you want to do what do I want to do with what you want to go here to Coral Springs or you want to go somewhere else
do you understand what this man is talking about?
Scott Jr. why do you want me to send him sir I thought this was a done deal already I thought this was another one of your
a rakeoffs that somebody's shmaring you with which is usually what it is like that other bogey thing that you set up
about that in the sports or whatever that thing was you use me read the bottom of the page there the bottom of what page I'm trying to get what I can
so I'm asked to you know I understand right now we don't do that fine we don't ever do that it's a cardinal law because then all
the salespeople every year try to like jump out of bad wagon well I don't care about that either to why and I don't
know what you're doing I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do
it. Hold on I'm not going to do it. Hold on. Hold on going holding holding holding holding holding holding holding holding holding holding hold hold on holding hold on.) Hold on. Hold onged hold on holding holding hold on. Hold on. Hold on." Hold on. Hold on
hold on. Hold on taking his... There are waiting his signature on theிuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuisuis restroom. Who the hell is he doing? No look there anyone is going to wear a microphone, listen he's waiting for his signature on our fuckry. Stay away from him…
safe from Grodon. When a water boiler room is in the downstream Fang go ahead to hurry and close it at the rear...
everybody where you were going to send your ass okay.
How about pizza loft?
We just got through doing that a couple weeks ago.
Pizza loft in David, you're just going looking for a free lunch.
You're absolutely right.
You want to do that again?
Couldn't hurt.
No, I don't think so.
I don't think so.
How about the corner of sunrise and university?
Okay.
Okay.
What is that gas station?
There is a shell station.
The shell is at Broward University.
What's the one on the corner?
I think it's also at Shell, isn't it?
Yeah, sure.
Why not?
It sounds like that.
Whatever it is on the northeast corner of sunrise and university.
There's a gas station.
Look for the QM van there from 11 to 2.
Why don't you just send me to Loots?
That wouldn't be bad.
Only one way to get there.
You leave me now.
So he'll be there when he gets there.
He'll be there when he gets there from 11 to 2.
We got 47.5.
We want to get to that 50 grand before this week is out.
We're going to be really pissed.
Peace out, old man.
Pizza?
Play off this.
Ow!
Good morning.
This is former vice president and is in the inner of the inner of the
Al Gore.
I'm here to set the record straight about my endorsement of Democratic
Presidential candidate, Jane Steen.
It's Howard.
Bob-Bob Bowie.
Bowie.
The 13th is the Maithing Orator and Ward Smith.
Not to mention, he makes a fine sausage.
That's not him.
A former governor for Mont and winner of the prestigious Michael
Thurup-Gusling Contest.
Never happened.
Apparently, I have ruffled some feathers in the Democratic party.
Specifically, with my former running mate, Hal Lieberstein.
It's Joe Lieberman.
If there's one man in the donkey party that's even more whining and monotone than me,
it's Jim Lieberman.
When I pulled this endorsement from my secret lock box, I did so after much
consideration, thought, and a game of rock paper scissors.
If Mr. Lieberman is heard that I am sorry, but John Shaw, Landon Burr, Lieberman
must realize I'm a sharp political mind whose choices to shape our nation's
leaders are important.
You lost me.
In conclusion, let me say this to Mr. Lano-Witt.
Lieberman.
And Mr. Bean.
Bean.
I love you both, like a gay man would, but without the rumpular inflation.
I think we're done here.
Now, of course, viewers, Arizona and have no affiliation with the Democratic National Committee to elect the president.
Welcome.
1034-560-W2.
And by the way, we've got the appall Kurgman's story on our website this morning.
These people are keep faxing stories that we already have on our website.
It's kind of like, thank you so much, but yes, I read the New York Times.
Thank you.
Assholes.
Here's today's poll, which we already got a bunch of votes on here.
How do you think the capture of Saddamal affected 2004 election?
Five choices for you.
Big boost for Bush puts him far ahead.
It's too early to tell.
Lots of Schmidt happens.
No difference.
The Democrats are way behind the eight ball.
That's what I voted.
They better get there a crap together.
Or Bush is in.
He's in.
Like Dan Rather said, game set and snatch or something like that.
He said Sunday morning.
Hey, Dan, book up a little bit.
You asshole.
God, I'm staring at whatever little respect I had for him, which wasn't very much.
I'm starting to lose it all real fast.
Just like whatever little respect I had for a carless for Curie.
Which I have no idea who he is.
Here's the result.
So far, how do you think the capture of Saddamal affect the election?
122 votes, while I wasn't even looking.
It's too early to tell.
Lots of Schmidt happened.
60.
The Democrats are way behind the eight ball.
21.
That's right.
Right.
Correct answer.
Big boost for Bush puts him far ahead.
20.
The interesting thing is not only doesn't it seem to put him far ahead.
For those of us who are praying that we don't have to go through four more years of fascism.
But that big rally, that Saddam rally, like yesterday, the decision will right out.
Markets actually went down a little bit.
Anyway, a big boost for Bush puts him far ahead.
20.
Bush is in.
14.
And no difference.
Seven out of 122 votes.
Strom Thurman, one of the great segregationists of all time, a racist goofball bastard who died last year at the age of 100.
The late Senator Strom Thurman's family yesterday said it acknowledges a California woman's claim that she is his illegitimate mixed-raced daughter.
Her lawyer said the statement brought her a sigh of relief.
As Strom Thurman has passed away, cannot speak from self-thurman family acknowledges Miss S.E. May Washington, Williams claimed or heard it.
Miss S.E. May.
Oh, that sound like something from Gond with your wind.
Huh?
I mean, now it's like Laquicia and names like that.
Who had I ever heard of S.E. May?
We hope this act has been a bring closure from his Williams, the family's lawyer, Jay Mark Taylor said in a brief statement.
Contacted as Orifist Taylor confirmed he was speaking for the Thurman family, but refused to give detail answer or any questions, including whether the family was in fact verifying the claims of Williams.
A 78-year-old retired teacher lives in Los Angeles. I guess back in those days in the day, L.S.E. May was like a more popular name than Laquicia.
The interesting part of this whole deal is where the hell is it?
In seven decades of politics, Thurman gained fame and infamy as an art segregationist, but later came to support a holiday for Slainsel rightfully to Martin Luther King.
When he became seen, I once started drooling a lot on the center floor.
Williams claims Thurman fathered her with now listen to this. When he was a 22-year-old living in his parents' home in Edgefield, her mother, Carrie Butler, had been working as a maid in the Thurman's home.
Guess how old the mother was when he knocked her up?
Hold.
Sixteen.
Huh?
Sixteen.
Here is a right-wing, of course he's dead now. I hope he's rotten in hell. I hope the worms are really having a good, uh, field day.
Right-wing, holier than thou, miserable, bigoted, nasty rotten, racist son of a bitch, strom Thurman, and he had knocked up this chick, this black girl, she was 16 years old.
How young is too young?
So I don't want to say he was like a hypocrite, but at least the one good thing is he's a dead hypocrite.
Strom Thurman, you phony bastard, you're all the same, they're all doing it.
The only difference is that some people admit doing it and some people are too stupid to cover it up like take the dress to the cleaners.
Anyway, let's see, also we got Joe Costello of night 739-30 at the glory hul- the glory days grill, 4746 North Congress Avenue. That sounds like Palm Beach to me.
Doesn't even say where the hell it is. Is that in Bointin? Yeah, I think it's in Bointin.
Man, I'll tell you, I know it's the holidays, but boy, some people, of course some of you else under a lot of stress with what's your name being on a suspended list.
4746 North, when you stop playing that, what the hell is that?
Well, that one I know, but what's that other thing you're playing? That I was the same thing.
It sounds like you're spinning a draped long clarences ass.
He was just in here, actually.
40s that were doing what? Nice job on the schedule, by the way, Clarence Van, you really must be worn out from last night's breakin' into that new king-crawled bed with a beast.
You must have worn his ass out. And by the way, can I ask you that question? The dancer wanted to know, can you describe to us just how smelly the hole is?
I say that because I'm never gonna let that thing go. I can't believe it. That's journalism, baby. That's America for it. A brilliant journalism.
Can you imagine on the BBC one of those distinguished reporters saying, can you explain to us just exactly how smelly that hole is that you're standing by?
And I love the way that all these assholes from the various networks, the photo ops that gave them a tendency to see them all crawling down into the hole.
Yeah, Robert's an un-CNN.
Right, crawling into the spider hole.
Man.
Anyway, so Joe and I will be a 739-30 de-Glory Days Grill, 4746 North Congress Avenue in Pointe and Peach, with our best idea which you won't get any money for that.
But drop off donations for their toy drive to make them feel better like somebody cares. So that's the agenda today.
Scott is gonna be at that gas station momentarily. We better raise some serious hopes for that.
He hasn't left yet. Why not?
I don't know. He's in here right now. I'll give him the CD.
Get out of there. You geek, you jerk, you clown, you idiot. Get out. When it doubt, get the hell out.
Man.
Pointe in the right direction. Okay, spin him around like a dreidel and pointe in the right direction to kick his ass out the door.
20 to 11 at 5. See if we're gonna take a lot of calls today. Maybe we're gonna take a thousand calls.
A third, man.
Before two o'clock today. Make no mistake about that. We got the abook steer for my dog.
My dog's probably like to look in his wounds after last night. Anyway, I would think. Can you imagine the embarrassment and humiliation?
I will say this that they they made it a game. You know what I mean? I didn't expect that because the Eagles are a far superior team and they made it a game.
It was pretty entertaining and when it was 24 24, I thought, well, let's say, you know, they could look out, but did they look out? No.
No.
Because the cream rises to the top. You know what I'm saying? Just like when the papers were played in those two times.
They had their chances. Couldn't do it. They choked. You could hear those gagging and choking sounds all over North America.
It's that great time of the year. Unless, of course, you have to go shopping and get those last minute of holiday gifts. You have to fight with everybody out there in the roads in the stores, the lines, the parking.
Make your gift giving a lot easier this year for you. And the ones you love a gift certificate from.
File a mattress. Call them right now at 1-800 mattress. Give the gift of a taking you for a year and a year out and night in and night out.
The other mattress has got gifts and certificates in any denomination. Don't forget they got all the top brands in the world including now Sterns and Foster.
They got the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere in the world on Sterns and bananas Foster.
And a beast and clearest last night broke in their new king coiled bed from the other mattress. Did they show up on time?
On time took five minutes took out the old bed. It was great.
Took away the stained nasty smelly soil bedding with all that food. You can imagine the food stains on the beast bed. Oh my god.
They took all the crap away set up the brand new one and he was ready for a really hot night after the ball game and maybe at halftime with clearance.
Honest sales practices fantastic unbeatable service every day low prices. Same day delivery and free set up and we move like we just said.
I'll make it easy to see why dial amatris is unbeatable. The rank number one in the world of customer satisfaction.
So for the best service in the world for the best prices on the top name brand merchandise. Do what all of us at QMR do and call the bedding experts.
Dial amatris at one 800 mattress one 800 M. A. T. T. R. E. S. or online you'll find them at macros dot com happy holidays from our good close personal pizons at dial amatris.
We're supporting you five CC.
U. A. M. Women.
Well, Buffalo has a football team the greatest in the land and everybody thinks they're great.
I'm daily. The Buffalo bills on and out for once. See what I mean. So just sing.
When you say Miami when you say Buffalo Super Bowl and near the Buffalo Bells Buffalo Bells.
Degraders team and the history of human race.
Buffalo Bells.
Degraders.
Since sliced bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go. And you and your chance up that redneck stuff.
Listen, that banjo holy sweet god. Listen, that we say Buffalo bills and don't sound so redneck. He do it.
Everybody's single or now. Are you bill fed? Here we go.
Well, the Buffalo bills are the best team. They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times, which is what I can say for this scum sucking vision and their ad the greatest.
Because I really like that uniforms. They sure is hell beat the heck out of having a fish on the helmet.
But because they're Buffalo home bills. The best football teams.
What I ever seen in the history of my life. They are the Buffalo bills.
The Buffalo bills. The whole of young Kelly. The greatest quarter back in the league.
Yeah, everybody. The Buffalo bills. They're the Buffalo bills.
And they've been around longer than the stinkin' rotten fish. Well, they're the Buffalo bills.
Buffalo bills. What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish?
1047 and 560 WQM. Thank you, PR Ralph. We're reminding me to play that. Get everybody whipped up for Sunday.
He also mentions that he's got a good point on the Northeast corner of Sunrise University as a Chevron. That's what I was afraid of.
On the Southwest corner is that shell station. And you'll have more traffic at Shell because they're always busy and they have crispy cream donuts.
All right. That should do it. Kago.
Let me say it again. Let's do the shell station on the Southwest corner of Sunrise and University.
Okay. Is that where we're going?
Chats of Scott, Jr. gets that right.
Get whether it's Scott, you jackass. Well, let me face it. If there's crispy creams, they'll find it.
Okay. We got 171 votes on a poll up here, which I only mentioned at one time.
Man, there must be something going on. You think there is? I don't know.
How do you think the capture is Sodom will affect the 2004 election?
It's totally the tell lots of Schmidt happens. 78.
The Democrats are way behind the eighth ball. 34.
Big boost for Bush puts him far ahead. 27. Bush is in 21. No difference. Only 11. Only 11 people say they're going to make no difference.
We'll see.
But a lot of Schmidt came happen. That's for sure. Let's see. Here's the fact. New Jersey.
It wasn't in New Jersey by the way. It was in Pennsylvania, but you're close.
The big bear how I see it. New Jersey's big bear hunt ended with 328 confirm kills.
Vice President Dick Taney reportedly killed more than 70 farm raised ring that presence during a canned hunt.
That was in Pennsylvania. We had that story on. I thought this was like something new and different.
Now again, thank you. We had on days ago. Days ago, I talked about that.
Jesus, God almighty. President Lincoln still hasn't seen the second act of the play yet.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18th. Guess what else we're going to have to chew on this week besides those trends coming out Thursday?
That's a one o'clock Thursday. So we won't really be able to it. You're regulated about that till Friday at length.
Formal charges against Michael Michael expected this week.
Formal charges against pop star Michael Jackson. We filed late Thursday or early Friday.
The Santa Barbara District Attorney's office had yesterday. The eight Tom Steddon sent the statement to charges be filed in Santa Barbara County Superior Court in Santa Barbara County.
Maria a working class town close to Jackson's Neverland Ranch.
Snedden earlier to file charges this weekend. Scott that suggestions his case was falling apart.
Everything will become clear when the charges are filed. He told CNN's art Harris nearly two weeks ago.
Monday's statement said a news conference will be held tomorrow to clarify exactly when the charges would be loved.
So they're going to hold a news conference to tell you when they're going to make an announcement.
And I think today later on, they're going to hold a news conference. Tell you what time they're holding tomorrow's news conference.
Must be some slow news days this weekend. I guess it's the holidays.
Okay, let's get our whole bunch of calls thousands of them before we get to the Rush Limbaugh story.
5 6 7 now line one is working. I'm pretty sure about how come I.
See that? I don't know. It didn't work that well in the morning.
Oh, really? I like that sound though. Don't you?
Showing the sound of the dial phone, but just kind of the way to kind of feeding back.
I think we have it. No, it was really good. Let me try it again. Let me punch it up.
See how that's on. See what I mean? It's like a reverb on there. I feel like I'm on WAVC without the money.
5 6 7 0 5 60. So line one is like a half and a half out. Okay. Got that for a fix it. If he ever decides to show up.
It's half and a half out fix it. Kind of like a clearance was this morning when the beast woke up.
Oh, I think I touched on a raw spot there. You know what I'm saying? I think I did.
Better check yourself when you get home. Always go especially somebody fat and squat like you to have those
the rooms that have the mirrors all the way around that we can just kind of like squat down and look straight behind you.
WQA. I'm Hello. That was pretty funny. Neil. That's why they call it the rear view mirror. Yes, sir.
Alrighty. Oh, your family. Oh boy. They freed me again. Major asshole.
Fat boys neighbor. Die, die, Dave. Die just before the holidays will be really good.
Just before Chanukas. So we have something to be grateful about W.A.
M not there. They also like that. Look at that.
What is going on with this phone screwed up today? We may have to play comedy bits all day. The phone is a mess WQ.
I am. Hey, got a quick question. There is one that works. Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm up in a point beach. I'm so sorry. And yeah, I happen to be one of the porkers up here.
What time are they going to have to band up there at the, uh,
give away. I think glory hold real 730 to 930 tonight.
All right. I'm on days. May we also buy that later? Excellent. Say how did you give them a kiss for us?
Yeah. All right. Yeah. I'll give them a go. Oh, you haven't seen them yet.
5 6 7 0 5. I think it's going to be a lot of fun with these phones today based on the way they sound.
Oh, two. See, because it's the holidays and obviously nobody really cares. We don't give a shmit.
So we're just, you know, we're just fun in you. We're just having a little good time before I bail out for a long extended vacation at the end of the year at the
S end. George will be on all week next week. That'll be goodness for Teddy Botswana. Hey, Teddy, get your blow up.
I'll already for next week, man. You can be hopping on it for four hours every day.
Tend to Monday through Friday next week. George will be with you all day.
Although, let's see. Now what, uh, that can't be right.
What happens? What do we have? Do we have like ball games on Christmas day or what?
Next Thursday, December 25th is Christmas day. Okay. Yeah. Nobody works on Christmas day.
I probably will. You will. How to get you? I work on Christmas. I'll be damn.
And of course this Friday is the beginning of Chanukah, right? Yep. Friday night at sundown. Is it?
But we got that big stars panthers hockey game on and we also got the Humperwoody and Dave wants that show.
Very that should be good. Although hopefully if they're at least on the dolphins part, if there if Wayne's got any brains at all by Friday,
Dave wants that'll be back in Chicago with a banjo on his knee. He'll be long gone. Why is he waited so so long? You think what's he waiting for?
Dave's a good guy. Yeah.
So in other words, only the good guy should have the jobs no matter how inept they are like they've been boring and Dave wants that.
And then it'll be the world to be so much better place. I mean, you know, everything will be really crappy.
But at least I'm trying to think of somebody who's not a good guy who ought to get canned. Absolutely.
Oh, one name comes to mind immediately. Would you agree? Yes. Well, what happened to be?
You would probably have to you and clearance. We have race out the door down an elevator hand in hand arm and arm and race home to hop on that new king.
Well, Mattress again, just as a celebratory gesture. God, can you even begin to imagine the parties that would break just spontaneously all over the building on that day?
Hey, they hate you like poison, Mo and take it from the tub and the shrub and the toad and the load and all the other crap.
I do like that. I thought I was cute. Yeah. The mad dog is on a new to four sandwich between the toe and the load.
Yeah, like that. He had his New York writers come up with that. Did he really? Yeah.
Well, of course, didn't he with us this morning because he was resting his aching old bones after a long desperate night last night?
I wonder if he was belly-hicken about the officiating. I was actually cuddling with Jay.
Was he really with J. Roqueach? Not exactly. Oh, it's a feeler and J. Roqueach. The vote Jewish.
Maybe he had J. Roqueach let him have one of them pickles. WQ I am.
Is your post on the side of that? He haven't heard from him and quite a while now. Happy holidays to you, sir. WQ I am. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a poll suggestion. Yes, sir. For a future poll. Always open for a good poll.
Well, with the. With the cell phone now, you can take your number one. It would be like a two-part poll.
Are you going to do it? And if so, who are you going to? Which would tell us who people think is the best cellular provider?
And they could and then there could also be a choice. I don't have a cell phone. And there could be a choice.
Another I know it comes as a shock to you, but there actually are a few people.
There are a lot to don't who don't have a cell phone. There's a lot to. Yes. Right. Not too many.
Okay. There was a program on another at our AM station a couple weeks ago on a Sunday morning where they were evaluating cell phones.
Right. They're cell services. Right. Right. And I that couldn't listen to it all, but I mean, now that you can do it, I'd like to.
I'd really like to hear what the population of this area you know thinks about it. You're the best. So. That's a good suggestion. We'll do it soon.
Thank you, sir. Thanks. Family. Have a great holiday. Keep up the good work. All right. Bye.
That is a good idea. Don't you think? I mean, it's not scintillating. It's not like dynamics, it's not controversial.
But I think you know, it might be a little bit useful or not as a case. Maybe it'll kill a poll one day.
And then we can get people to call it on their cell phones. We can find out what kind of service they got and what kind of phone you're using.
And we can see how crappy it sounds, which in almost every case, it'll be our fault. The equipment. It'll be a fault.
Like it is today. I can't believe how bad it was. In fact, line one is ringing. This ought to be really good. Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil. Boy, look how good that is. Clear is about. Yes, sir.
Hi. I don't know if you've discussed this yesterday or not, but I don't know if you noticed the newest double speak, the 1984 or Welley ending the government's giving us that they discovered Sadams were about by rounding up his family and close associates and conducting hostile questionings.
Yeah. Which I guess is the nice way of saying that we torture people now. Right. We plucked out their eyebrows and their fingernails and we said, well, how when you want us to stop?
Right. They asked him, well, who's going to get the 25 million? Oh, no one's getting it because they didn't volunteer the information. We dragged it out of them with hostile questioning. Well, no, they said the 25 million. They can't give because the person who actually gave the exact location is already in custody for accused terrorist acts. So that's what they claim.
Yeah. So basically we're the good guys, but now we torture people. Right. Is there any doubt? In fact, they had a guy in last night who was talking about the psychological what they're going to do to Sadam now.
They're not going to torture them because they would look make us look really bad if it got out, but they're going to like do all sorts of things just short of that.
You know, like, like put him in a room where he's disoriented and put water on the floor and have really loud music like in a clockwork or and stuff like that.
And did you notice how drunk he looked in the video yesterday? Yeah, look, they said disoriented. Yeah.
Yeah, disoriented because they're pumping him full of something. Have a great day, Pally. Okay. See you.
Hey, we wouldn't do that because we're America, baby. We used to be great.
This is sports radio, which is you way.
A stench of power manure covers over this performance by the dolphin.
Unmistakably, this is television. That it's best. What is the message there? The message is that there are no knowns.
There are things we know that we know. There are known unknowns. That is to say, there are things that we now know we don't know.
Strong, bewildering words, but there are also unknown unknowns. There are things we do not know. We don't know.
Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth? I'm just talking. This is blah, blah. This word.
This has been a presentation of ABC News.
Hermann Gearing-Rombsfield. I hope everybody had a chance to take a puke at that. The picture of him shaking his hand, squeezing it really tight.
That's on our website on neo-rangers.com. 1983, 20 years ago, shaking his hand, squeezing it. He was our beloved buddy over there. He was our ace in a hole. Now he's the ace in a spider hole.
I just love that thing with the deck of cards. Oh, he was the ace of spades. And Brian, okay. Look, a bunch of children. Speaking of children, Dave Heiss neighbor faxes in.
I haven't listened to your show in a few months, nor called either. Oh, yeah, right. In a few months, you should live so long, Dave.
Well, I was there. When I was out there in November.
A few were getting faxes from him. Someone has told me that someone calls you show and you think it's me. It's not.
I respect you when you show it so much. Besides, I use the fax, not the phone. Regardless, Jeff Heiss neighbor, David.
Right. Who's out. You know he's listening right now. Hey, David.
Hi, Sally. Get a life. And it's not only that Jeff Heiss former neighbor. Isn't that something?
What if that was your the thing, your tag on your life? What did you do in your life? What were you known by? Oh, I was Jeff Heiss former neighbor.
That's what made me known. That was my thing in life. Wouldn't you probably like just blow your brains out?
Something to think about, Dave. Limbal wants to keep seized medical records private. How do you like that?
Tom West Palm Beach, Russia Limbal claims investigators who seized his medical records, violated his privacy.
He's asked for a court hearing to help keep the records from being released according to a petition as a attorney's file yesterday.
Limbal argues that he cannot be treated for his serious medical conditions because the state seized all of his original charts and files last month and intimidated his doctors.
His serious medical conditions. The Palm Beach County State attorney's orifice seized records for its investigation into whether limbal engaged in illegal drug use and went doctor shopping for prescription painkillers.
State attorney spokesman Mike Edminson said yesterday that limbal's rights have been scrupulously protected. Limbal's attorney Roy Black has previously accused the Palm Beach State attorney's office of having political motives for investigating whether they consider the radio commentator bought painkillers illegally.
Black didn't return phone calls on Friday. The search warrant list prescriptions for more than 2000 pills from March 24 through September 26th this year alone, 2003.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Great day to get out of your system. Let's hear all those doll fans call it and whining and whipping and mowing it today, right?
I like your the whole station doing that all day today. They would be great. That'd be awesome. Having a cry fast.
Yeah. And then I heard that one guy called and showed this morning whining about the officiating. It must have been the officials. Can you believe that?
Good. Golly Miss Molly. It's always somebody else. It's a bad call. It's a crappy break. It's this. It's that it's not the gagging. See somebody what the Eagles kept doing is they had.
Are you were the fact that under helmets they had calendars like a large small page of counter said December on top? No way. Yeah.
That's awesome.
It's a good idea though. Isn't it? Yeah. Suggested to the bills on Sunday.
Soon as the dolphins man, as soon as that defense gets out and they'll all up, they say, oh December and they start gagging and choking and puking on it.
Did Mark do bring any of the good stuff last night? I'm sorry. Anyway, I think 200 isn't something how we're just supposed to forget about everything.
He's a good guy now. You know, he's one of the going to honor Lee Roy Phillips. Who? Lawrence Phillips. What are they? Lee Roy. Lawrence Phillips. Do I say Lee Roy? Oh, excuse me. Yeah. How about Cecil Medisal? Cecil Medisal is coming back. In fact, he's going to break into one of the sky boxes in the middle of the night.
Probably try to attack a Marty. 244 votes. How do you think the capture of Saddamal affected 2004 election? It's too early to tell.
Lot'sishman happens. 118. That's a good choice. The Democrats are way behind the eighth ball. 48. I voted for that to be voted for that. They got a long way to go to get with it. Get with it. All the one good thing though. I'm serious. I hope that at least a few people saw.
Hardball's last night. And so do I. Julie. We got just chopped up by Chris Matthews. Any audience you could tell was really a gassed at most of his answers. It was just it was pathetic. Big boost for Bush puts him far ahead. The Sodom capture. There he is again.
We'll come both with all them. Lies. 37. The Sodom that is. Bush is in 27 and no difference 14. Oh, look at that. There's Wesley Clark. You know where he is right now. He's in the testifying in the trial. He's in Needlelands. He's in the hagg. Iraq. He's an international elements present in the court. I think you have to be clear that that knows he's a testifying history at the cost. Slavio. It can't be a court that can't impose the death penalty. I think the significance of the crimes.
Mandate that death penalty beyond the table. Put it on the table. In fact, just put his ass on the table and let the Iraqis have Adam. Just like the Italians do with Mussolini, the only problem there is he was already dead. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. And they keep showing this file footage here of the phone. There he is again. You watch and see in there. There's the fakes that I'm standing in the middle of the crowd like the real Saddam would stand there in the middle of a crowd. Not knowing who to hell had a piece. You know, who the hell are they? Kidding. Man, these people are crazy.
WQA. Hello. Yes, sir. I do. First of all, that's a mobile on that sunrise.
Corn on our watch. The crispy cream. No, not a need. None of these things. I'll be then. Did you watch? I guess you watched again. Did you hear that broadcast by the old
C now, Michael? But you still like him. But he was called people by names of astronauts and stuff. He was where he was last night.
When he just turned 80, Michael, I think maybe it's time for him to start considering laying a
leg in the mic down on the floor. One thing I thought maddened said when the first half was pretty
interesting. And when he said that after feedless through a past that was like 20 yards from the nearest
receiver, he said, you know, he said he's a tough competitor, feedler, but he's not accurate.
And I thought, hey, somebody had the balls to say it. Wow. With somebody on this radio station,
and the balls that say one that should go besides the big old, he's really willing. Any balls that.
And he had in the big old. There's never any idea what he's talking about. So if even he can see the
coast of short, what a bunch of whims we got on here. The big old giant fat jude that comes on
later in the day with the fastest dripping off of them. Yeah guy will not. He will not be critical ever.
Never. And man, it's. But wait a minute. But wait a minute. Don't forget you see I'm not defending the
load, but you got to remember the load. His got to he's got interview the coach. So it no matter
who the coaches, he got to suck up because he does the coaches show. Yeah. And then you got Mo and
the mad dog who are the dog who are employees paid employees by the dolphins for the broadcast.
So you know, they're not going to rip the coach in ass. What do you got left? Remember thanks,
given when you when you went and looked at the turkey and that and you took that plastic thing off
the turkey and it was just kind of like skin and fat. That's where the head looks like.
The spot just tripping off. Okay, well, listen, have a great holiday and bring some hand by. He likes
that too, even though it's not kosher. Ripping my poor friend the load. How do you like that?
By the way, Hank will be on not a chulis today because he's dieting for the holidays and we
got boogat to the Humphurit 4 Ricky William short seven. That should be really special
at the Cleveland. As Dan La Bastard does a rim job. I'm Ricky. And then you got the big O at
eight o'clock, eight o'clock, eight o'clock, 10 and Joe and Mark overnight. But this last guy
is sucking up to the big. That's pretty embarrassing. The big goes nickname is the voice of the angry
fan man. Is that what it is? Yeah, that's what they call him. I wouldn't know because I can't
listen to him. He just that once he starts with that spanglish baby talk stuff, I just it just
leaves me limp. Anyway, wait a year. This, this will leave you limp even a pig like you. Contractors
serve troops dirty food and dirty kitchens. Maybe not quite as dirty as the kitchen we saw there in
Saddam's shack. The Pentagon repeatedly warned contractor Haliburton KBR that the food at served
US troops in Iraq was dirty as were the kitchens. It was served in NBC news reports. Haliburton
Kellogg Brown and Roots promises to improve have not been followed through according to a Pentagon
report that warned serious repercussions may result if the contractor didn't clean up and
clean up their act too. The Pentagon reported finding blood all over the floor, dirty pans,
dirty grills, dirty salad bars and rotting meats and vegetables in four of the military
messes the company operates in Iraq and BC said citing Pentagon documents. Should I read that
again? Blood all over the floor, dirty pans, dirty grills, dirty salad bars and rotting meats and
vegetables. Any scallions or green onions? The report came as President George W. Bush
funded off Pentagon reports that Haliburton KBR over charged $61 million for gasoline and sold
the military in Iraq. Dick Cheney ran Haliburton for five years until becoming vice president and
a commander assistant commander in thief. The company feeds 110,000 US and coalition troops daily
to cost a 28 bucks per troop per day in BC said the B said he couldn't even eat breakfast for that
amount. The Pentagon found unclean conditions at four locations in Iraq including one in Baghdad
and two in Tekreq. Even in the mess hall where Bush served troops there Thanksgiving dinner,
it was dirty in August of September, October according to NBC. They probably cleaned it up a little
bit when he got there. When he had that fake bird. This adds up to a company that arrogantly is
overcharging when they can get away with it and not providing the quality of service that they
agreed to do, Representative Henry Waxman of California told NBC. Haliburton Kellogg Brown and
Root told NBC that hostile conditions pose special challenges as they serve the 21 million meals so
far to the troops at 45 sites in Iraq. We've taken quick action to improve the company said as they
brushed aside that rotting meat. God almighty and that's on appetizing. That's the thanks we give
to our troops who are putting their lives online over there in Iraq where they shouldn't be in the
first place is to feed them a bunch of rotting bloody crap. Lovely. Nice going. I have to mention of
course the screwing the veterans are getting here right at home from these chicken hawks. The neo-cons. I
think these are the people that put the con in neo-con. I'll guarantee you that. For a minute
after 11 at 560 WQM how's that pull coming folks are just pouring in 270 not like yesterday
of course yesterday was the that was like the unleashing of all the emotion when that saw them
crap over the weekend. Well there's Nick Robertson and he just crawled out of his hole. Hey Nick
can you describe to us just how smelly the hole is he probably never met scuraniac.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line is try out the screen as grand as
try off the deal yet. I don't know try the boy you haven't haven't seen him around. No we have to
get some people off these suspended list in time for the holidays in the new year you don't go
suspending people right around a holiday time it. It's like stations like Teepe Channel always
fire people right before Christmas. Don't you have basket. Hey Pete Boldger believe you meet
as a special there's a whole special section and hell just waiting on your ass you jackass you
grave robber you axe murder or you. Pete Boldger over there at Teepe Channel you and David Ross
and Ron of the Wolf think man hope you I hope you have a gigantic posture will open up on your ass
correct. Just in time for the holidays okay I hope it gets infected and rots.
11 13 at 560 WQM just wouldn't be Christmas without a Vermont teddy bear under the tree and
belts loving as much as the kids do. The mother and cub set is perfect for mom you can add as
many cubs as you need with your kids name on the outfit or said the babies first Christmas bear
and put the babies name on the bib. Each Vermont teddy bear is handmade in Vermont will last forever.
Call a friendly bear counselor tool free at 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com
there is guarantee to be a perfect bear for everybody on your list like the Santa bear or the
peace on earth angel bear. Guys you can send your wife a girlfriend a fun bear with an attitude like
the holiday heartthrob wearing silky heart boxes in a Santa hat you won't believe the reaction
you'll get and what else you might get order now and have the bear delivered overnight or Christmas
week call 1-800-829 bear or shop them online at the Vermont let me say it again Vermont teddy bear.com
tell that old me or put it in call for the holidays or any special occasion 1-800-829-BEAR
oh
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team they clubbed the ball from goal to goal like
no one's ever seen uh-huh there on the ground that's where they'll stay they're never in control
and when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many jeans and a lady
five thirty men Miami dolphins Miami dolphins don't bet on them you'll always lose
they don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to
put them day in their juxtaphan and they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the
stadium we'll see Miami and they're the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many
teams and a lady five five five five three men Miami dolphins Miami dolphins that seem that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands
they watch the game and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch I wonder how Jo Ravi got to be so
got them rich and they're the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many
teams and a lady go to Miami dolphins Miami dolphins I hear the crowd begin to
the dolphins have faith feedler that quarter backs at you run down the field and he will throw a pass
over you I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean
that he was circumcised and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number how many
teams and the league I am the dolphins Miami dolphins take all his signals in Hebrew
the dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke like George Bush eating pretzels you know
they're gonna choke they'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race with fewer points
than parkmarks on high zingas ugly face and there the Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins number
all what the hell 32 Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins Miami dolphins now they're through
1121 at 560 and they still got those two games baby they're still hope we still got a shot you know
I'm saying still got a shot Denver's got to lose two in a row and Baltimore's got to lose and Tennessee's
got to lose and everybody else in the league's got to lose in fact both teams playing all remaining
games have to lose and the dolphins have to beat the bills and the jets think it's gonna happen no
what do you think we got a shot no I said we are the past yeah yeah we got a shot see don't
don't lump yourself in with the losers just like the hockey thing you know oh I last
that I'm watching a little bit of that too in between hard balls and the dolphins and all
other stuff I'm watching and here's my great-close personal buddy the rim man oh my gosh these
youngsters in the organization and this kid is gonna be great you know I don't know how long
they think they can keep pedal at yeah how long you yeah how long would be every announcer for
every team no no I'm not playing in rumor but I'm just saying that that whole this is the this is
the storyline and to keep trying to pedal to the public it's not gonna fly Alan it's not gonna
fly public and buy in it they're not showing up even the people with the freebie tickets aren't showing
up that whole thing I mean that goes back years now the youngsters in the organization yeah they
do have some good young kids out there but first of all nobody knows who most of them are because the
the names keep changing like every couple of weeks you need to have a scorecard with a pencil and
a bigger racer and number two you can't have a team made up of all youngsters in the organization
and a team that's losing 17 million dollars or maybe 20 million year whatever the hell it is
uh they got real serious baby they got problems and I don't say that with any delight I think it's
gonna be a sad day when hockey leaves South Florida but I think it's just inevitable boring some kind
of a miracle you see hockey being around in South Florida assuming that they somehow the NHL
and the players union resolve the thing even with one year off you think in five years if there's
still an NHL there's gonna be a team in South Florida no no no no I don't see it but the commissioner
was down he had so much fun yeah oh yeah the commissioner mr. blue sky see that knows is so big
every time he looks up to the sky he can't see what's really going on up there so it could be
snowing five feet of snow in the middle of an end and he'd think the sun was shining and it was
90 degrees you missed the great interview that Goldie did with the commissioner at the game on the
big oh I can imagine a color of that tongue after that Kelly really give him a good lick job
huh oh come on don't be playing that oh you're actually Goldie did a good job and then had a
little joke at the end and he said you know commissioner here you're gonna bring the all-star game
back to South Florida and Gary Batman Wattled away it was funny up the bite yeah what a jerk that
Gary Batman man everything is fine and this market is a great hockey market and everything really
is in place here and all this other bull crap everything is always fine you know he could be
laying in intensive care with blood pouring out of every pouring his body oh don't worry everything's
fine speaking of everything not so fine in haelandale city opposes Miriam elephant is MLK parade leader
this is so tragic ludicrous it's almost even more embarrassing than having marked duper there at
that ballgame last night getting an award even though you're sucking up of course you just would
anybody who's a jock you'll suck up to him am I right
part of it even if they brought Cecil Adisselin right now and said him right there across from you say
hey Cecilman you really were great two bad things that worked out for you who's the guy that tried
to commit suicide from Michigan State that they signed after the Packers dump them Tony um oh
I the defensive lineman yeah I forget his name you know I'm talking about yeah yeah yeah I think
it's from the Vikings wasn't Vikings Packers one of them uh Nordic teams one of them Nazi teams up
there I don't know but it anybody was from Michigan State he tried to commit suicide that's the kind
of guy if he they brought him in there right now he said hey nice comeback baby maybe we can send
you back to school that we can get a scholarship for the Huracans even though you're like about 34
now no problem if it was good enough who was that old quarterback that they had with like about 40
years old a few years ago who you know the one I'm talking about the Huracans come on the old guy
you know like to read Florida state had Chris Wiki was like no no no you know to redduh he was like
45 years old huh plan yeah he was all right if he wasn't for if he wasn't at least 40 he made
George Blanda look like a teenager city opposes elephant his MLK parade leader organizers of
Halliday obiets is Martin Luther King no junior parade of names suspended brow at supervisor
elections Miriam elephant is the parade's grand marshal sparking a new battle with city officials
who prefer somebody else anybody else you people crazy in Halliday or what I forgot it's the
Sunny Rosenberg factor it's the outhouse gang factor again officials of the city which is
contributed 50 grand of the January 19 parade want 85 year old Maudi James recipient of the city's
MLK humanitarian award to serve as the grand marshal and their questioning the decision by members
of the predominantly black northwestern mimey civic association and selecting elephant who was
suspended by governor bush last multimeter charges of late opening polls on a uncounted absentee
ballots and faded or updated voter rules among many other issues city officials on the civic
association plan to meet tomorrow night to discuss the issue a potential compromise could be in
the works there are early talks about elephant and James who's also black sharing the honor of
writing in the front line convertible on the parade route waving to the crowd
Miriam elephant let's give her let's have a ticker tape parade for her for a great job that she
done only in South Florida man in fact while we're at it why don't we have a parade for Theresa
Laporte will ship her ass down from Palm Beach County honor her for them great butterfly ballots
and we can also ship over a Catherine Harris okay before she makes her big bid let's bring
Catherine Harrison there too and Colombo Bush and all of the other crooks 26 past 11 and 560
w.w.2 and that pole managed shaping up not looking too good either how do you think the capture
of Saddam Hussein will affect the 2004 election well maybe it's not that bad 318 votes and almost
half say it's too early to tell lots of shaman happens 157 49.20% say hey lots of crap can happen
Democrats are way behind the eight ball 63 big boosters for Bush puts him far ahead 49 bushes in
31 and no difference 18
and what I did I knew was crypto but that he doesn't do if you play for the fish
against my girlfriend forgot to tell me
and
that another bitch was someone else's wife
the serenade of the lesbian and housing and I found out when it changed me with a dime
why didn't that bitch tell me
and
it was too dark to see
she
be
in bed with her
of
the
and that's
him
the
is
out of
me
people
feel me now
I got a second pull for starting at noon I'm inspired you know what
okay you're gonna like this okay what athlete was the biggest scumbag
ever to play for a sound floor to team
Isn't that great yeah give me a name to start well how about Cecil Collins that works okay
freshen our minds right now give me one more name well you Lauren she got a
lot of large fill Lawrence Phillips okay by the way but somebody get that brought out of the
locker already he's starting to make a lot of noise
Lawrence Phillips okay now we're gonna have to uh
thanks this i guess the Eric are you gonna have to let communicator something like that are you
have you been talking to him no no wonder you sound like you're in such a good mood
no hey Eric's doing it baby he's on top of it he's right on top of the goddamn buffet
by the way i'm i'm i just dug into another shake here oh another one of those
interacts those are damn good things they're delicious they really are not
bullshit anymore i know and and i'm talking about the audience and they don't
make you crap your brains out they don't have any multitallant do not ever ever
get those atkins uh die bars yeah i try that i try that once and then the atkins shakes
oh man oh no i'm not talking no no you're probably thinking of the advantage bars the ones that
taste really bad the original atkins ones they taste awful but they don't make you crap but the
new ones the um begins with an e what an indulge or an enlarge they make oh making
dilds like peanut butter cups i tried them once and oh my goodness yeah same effect horrible
wow i had a two hour session here last Tuesday evening or Wednesday whenever he was it was like
the end of the world i would have thought i lost about 80 pounds easy so here's the next poll
probably have some calls on it some suggestions one athlete was the biggest scumbag'd ever play for
South Florida team i guess well we'll change it at one okay by the way that player was something
underwood right the defensive line in the Tony underwood no it's uh
damian underwater no not damian was not damian damian was the only underwood there
the very good i am so proud of the base the matrius under it was actually Josh that said to
meet you but i got the underwood like i said nice going Josh the matrius underward what are
they what are the overs and unders under the matrix under our overwood i remember i friend the
my close personal friend back in the days when the Cecil stuff was going on and you know i
a hand can i get a long read i love hang but he was so desperate to try to like you know because when
you get close to the team you can't be objective this is one thing that bothers me about our station
is that we got too many people on the earth very close to coaches or players and you can't be
objective at all i'm not mentioning no names don't i absolutely like guys that have their head
up j-feet leaders as right go yeah powered from bokeh right i mean he's not the only one we've
got some other people on the station you're very very excited we get some dan marino liquors on
there always no matter if Danny had a crappy game that always make excuses you know but the fact
that matter is back when Cecil the story was going on and and the load said well maybe he was
just trying to take a look maybe just want to take a look when he broke into broads window you know
and i talked to myself it's kind of like when you go into a department store you know and you're
kind of browsing around when the salesperson comes over the may i help you and you say no just
looking and so when the woman's husband came and said what you doing here man and i'm just looking
maybe he just wanted to get a look that was funny that was one of your really uh funny that was a
bad moment maybe his blood sugar was about 800 that day he just wanted to get a look
uh
do we now speaking of people who are a little bit off how about Scott Jr. where now we decided
where he's gone actually yeah he's there uh he's got the shell at the shell where where there is
no shelter uh he said he's uh he's already there at the show is that some shell somewhere you know
well no that's that's not going to cut it to shell where there's a shell i'm trying to think
in my mind there's a shell on browing university we've been there but we already been there
sunrise and university now let's see i'm getting confused pineapple at university that's that's the
shell right i don't know i don't venture to brow it so who knows you don't venture to brow
no i live in the m.i.a. i live in the 305 how can there be a pineapple of university it's like
they run parallel i mean pile on and sunrise that's where the um shell station is i'm thinking of
sunrise in university that's one where there's a flood puckers on a one corner
maybe a scot jr can give us a call back and let us know there's a mobile across this
three and i'm sure the guys right i'm sure it's a chevron next to those awful movie theaters
there where i saw godfather 300 years ago never saw huh but i'm i'm we're just trying to figure
out what we i said we could tell the audience where the heli was that might help a little bit
or maybe we can start a new deal when we do the fundraiser find a qa and van
you had that would be good we could play where the world is scot jr right and only hope for the best
another was like far away okay so we'll start like about i don't know when we feel like it maybe
12 30 we'll change the poll because we got to get some names on there the meteors under what that
is the guy that tried to commit suicide right yes yes yes yes why is it that they always think
they can rehab scumbags like Lorenz Phillips because generally speaking i think that people
in professional sports really when you can't write down what they never buy a scumbag they didn't like
if they can help win them some ball games if they can put some asses in the stands put some cash
in their pocket solidified their job they don't give a crap what you did or who you did
or ran that crap am i right oh i don't want i just didn't ask you because you're you're a
hooker hercune guy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T for rise in line w
to q a m q a m yes how you doing uncle nail pretty good sir okay a couple a couple of quick
points agreement it would be good because you could eat it on the atkins right i drop 25 and
two months of the atkins which is good i don't know if you mentioned it's the last a couple of days
i didn't hear it but did you hear about those prayer partners with the child services did you
ever bring that up the prayer partners yes the department of center services and yet child
they're getting together with churches and uh... plan groups to take one specific worker
and they're going to pray for those people to be able to do their job properly
boy great yeah the guy who ran it from uh... oklahoma said then it worked well in oklahoma
so he's gonna be able to do it here it's more of a problem man i i think you know something i
think the civil war was a waste of time i think that the north and south was a good idea i do too but
yeah it's just you got a little of these people down here and it's a shame how you saw the wonderful
day nail and i'll see you in the course soon zygazone oh look mark fits patrick it says the pregnant
wife beater well i was the accusation of course most of us believe that mark fits patrick nobody's
gonna remember who that was he was a uh... i want to say he was the backup goalie for the
beg user mark fits patrick now do you think that we should put john van b's work on there because
of his racially uh... grotesque unacceptable comments that got him can from his minorly coaching job
here in the camera you know that was after he left here oh well you have to do you want it to be
while they were here i want to put somebody under that rimmer can vote for oh he hates him he
despises the geyser i can say that now he ain't never going to be coming back to town he hates
patient like poison you know that the day that he got in trouble for the inward all of that other
stuff i was on a plane coming to throna he was on the same plane with his family didn't didn't
say hello to me i didn't say hello to him i don't know why i just kind of like looked at the
because then born again christians i'm always like a little suspicious you know
and then sure enough later that day or the next day the whole story blue about his big racist mouth
born again christian you know the geyser he didn't really mean it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
w-d-q-a-m
hello me yes
michael cocaine urwin
michael urwin's excellent thank you
you know the white house issues and Dallas yeah he had a few issues you know i'm saying
nothing really big just a little uh little head cold like he had blown his nose
and you notice that jimmy johnson connection there jimmy never met a scumbag he didn't like
my and look this is for trail by sticky
you way Number Dec trail by me
you
A hundred bucks worth of crack cocaine
Alright
He was in Middle Beach acting just like St. C. Keese cocaine
I like crying, I'll see why did you find cocaine
One of the tallies and stars my boy and me I bars were cocaine
My color may get gone in a carway before cocaine
Oh
They played for a carway, they're all new and just cocaine
Love 45, it's gonna be a tough battle
Which athlete was the biggest comeback they ever played for a son photo?
Tim, we got a short list so far, we'll have lots more I'm sure
Cecil Collins, Lawrence Phillips, the meekiest underwood
I don't think he ever actually played, did he play a game?
I'm sure they signed him, they signed him and then he freaked out again
Mark Fitzpanktick or Michael Urban, that's the start
You're gonna be so psychotic all of you when you hear this, maybe
Cardinal says US treated Saddam like a cow
A Tom Vatican official said that he felt pity and compassion for Saddam Hussein
And criticized US military for showing video footage of him being treated like a cow
They left the ARD off the end of it
Cardinal Renato Martino, head of the Vatican's Justice and Peace department
And a former papal envoy to the United Nations told a news conference
It would be illusory to think the rest of the former Iraqi president would heal all the damage caused by a war which the Holy See opposed
I mean that's one thing, I agree with him on that but we treated him like a cow
What do they want us to do?
Cater like a nice Christmas dinner?
I felt pity to see this man destroy the military looking at his teeth as if he were a cow
They could have spared us these pictures said Cardinal Martino
Seeing him like this, a man in his tragedy despite all the heavy blame he bears
I had a sense of compassion for him
See, one thing just like Jimmy Johnson
The Vatican never met a scumbag they didn't like
Martino was referring to the videotape released by the US military we know what tape it was
Martino was one of the Vatican officials most strongly opposed to the US let invasion of Iraq
He said it was true we should be happy that this arrest has come about because it's the watershed that was necessary
And hope that this will not have worse than other serious consequences
But it's not the total solution to the problems of the Middle East he said
Martino said the Vatican hope the arrest of Sodom can contribute to promoting the peace and democratization of Iraq
But he added it seems to me to be illusory to hope this will repair the dramas and the damage to the defeat for humanity that a war always brings about
And it goes on and on
I can agree with him about all that other stuff but about he feels sorry for Sodom who killed hundreds of thousands
Maybe a million people
Because we treated him like a cow
We looked inside of his mouth
Oh man
Like I said they had a fucking apart sell by sell
And that'd be great
Could drag that out for like months and months maybe years making into a miniseries
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
So strong thermon knocked up a 16 year old black girl it's kind of like shades of town as Jefferson all over again
Although generally speaking when you think of town as Jefferson you don't think of strong thermon in the same moment
I could be wrong
And what do you think about that idea of going back to a separate north and south again
All among Wums they can have the south back again all the red necks all the Yahoo the trailer trash
They can have the south back again and the civilized people can all live in the north
Okay, well I have to give some you know little extra clothing like I got here
Oh the blades brothers Brian blades
Isn't that the one we want?
Yeah the receiver Brian the receiver
Well there was two of them Benny was the I know Benny in the jets
Benny was with the alliance right
And Brian played for Seattle and he went he was with Seattle Dennis Erickson said
Oh we don't have time for any of them I wasn't Dennis Erickson it was his agent who said he's got to go out to training camp
He's got a we got a run fast and jump high something like that or get high Brian plays
Okay, you inspired me for the next bit I'm gonna play
Okay
Let's see it says this is a fact biggest scumbags the guy who shot and killed this cousin can't remember the name
Oh did you hear the big news story this morning the co-star caught 50 illegal immigrants on a boat in Miami
Can you imagine the illegal immigrants on a boat or I mean not really I never heard of a thing like that what a concept
Market down market on the counter that December 16 2003 there were illegal aliens on a boat
Maybe we got another aliens little something for next year but it would be great wouldn't it be good?
Have another alien to curious over for months and months of weakness screaming yell and how are we get all the more old crazy or Cuban colors back in again
Like that nobody QM hello. Hi Neil how you doing? Yes sir pretty good. I got another scumbag for you. Okay. How about Naja Davenport?
Remember he's the young guy who took a dump on that laundry basket in New York. What was his name? Naja Davenport. Naja?
Naja? Naja? That's the piece. Yeah, you know, and I know the thing I remember that show when I was
I remember that show when Hank was trying to defend what before this before yeah he said he just wanted to look around. No he was he was just trying to dip his wig. He's what he said.
Yeah, remember that that was part of the ongoing. Yeah, he just wanted to dip his wig. That was before that kind of getting in that book of brand but right.
Exactly. I was before the fact came out. All right Neil. How a good day. Thanks. I have a great holiday. Naja Davenport. Now you should probably be pretty familiar with Naja. Naja?
Sure. You should even ask how it smelled probably you should know what the aroma was what he had for dinner night before.
You know what they say Jimmy crack corn and Naja aided. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 8th and T and Verizon wireless line.
Yeah, I like that pull a lot better. We'll change it around 12.
12 30. So we find out where Scott Jr. is yet. No. He hasn't called in to tell us where he is.
No, what a jerk man. What an idiot. I just I just don't understand it. I do understand. It's the QA method. Wait, it's just I mean if you're totally incompetent.
If you're like having got a clue, what the hell what side is up and what side is down? You're hired. Believe me.
See as much as I like for real a lot. The fact that he brought him and dragged him along with him. That was part of the baggage we had to put up with.
5 6 7 0 5. The for else didn't really bring him in. He just kind of followed. He followed him down the Hershey highway.
How do you think the capture of Saddamal affected 2004 election? That's pull number one today. We got 374 votes. Not too bad.
It's totally to tell lots of shmink happens. 182. We got 11 months to go, baby.
The Democrats are way behind the 8th ball. 75. Be stoded for that and so did I. They got to get with it. Get with it. Hop on it.
Big boost for Bush puts him far ahead. 57. Bush is in 38. King set and match. And no difference. Only 22.
I don't know. I didn't know the market is up a little bit today, but it has nothing to do with that.
It has to do with the housing starts. They had the CPI went down to a tenths of a point, but we had a record.
High number housing star. All of a sudden bull crap. So that was up 61 and has that down about 8.
They can mean say anything. No. No. The good news is that Walmart said their sales for in the crapper. Not good.
Not a good report from Walmart to which we say. Oh, right. So anything that's bad news for Walmart is good news for America and the rest of the world too.
WQ I am. Yes, sir. I have. I have a suggestion for your power. Go right ahead. Ramon Castro.
Ramon Castro. Yeah, he's the the Marlins catcher who the rapist alleged. Yeah. I forgot all about that. He deserves a place on that.
He deserves honorable mention. Right. Exactly. Thanks a lot, pal. You got a baby. I have a great holiday. Ramon Castro.
Of course, again, that's still in limbo right. He hasn't got a trial. Right. Yeah.
What have I been so many? You know, so many scumbags and so little time. Who else was it that often said I used to snort the chalk lines? Who was that?
Which one? Well, give me a name. I don't know. Running back.
Number 33. I'm just picking a number out of here. Oh, come on. You've got to know what I'm talking about. I have no idea. Okay. Fine.
Oh, here's a good one. Nice go. I'm liking plantation excellent choice. Jose can suck. Oh, never stole a freight train. But other than that, he done it.
It said he's definitely a scumbag and a soft floor athlete. Although, I don't think I actually played here while he's a soft floor to.
Well, you're right. Maybe it doesn't qualify. Never played. Not across it out. Sorry. Never played for soft floor to team.
I'll tell you is a scumbag in different category in my book. You know, most people would not agree.
And that's the Pudge Master. You know how did you Marlon sent Pudge back in? I just can't deal with a guy who built a gigantic statue as a monument to himself in his yard.
And then number two says, oh, gee, you know, seven million year plus the three million that from the first year scumbag. 10 million year to the next two or three years.
And then he could buy me enough beef burritos to keep my ass as fat as it already is. When you say that qualifies him as a scumbag. Well, rumor I've heard through the grapevine. Yeah, that when he left Texas, he was completely had no money.
Oh, like every other professional athlete just gotten rid of all this cash. What a shame. So, you know, he needs to support the lifestyle. Maybe he's got a little bit of yom or yom or yom or problem. Maybe like to go to Vegas and you know, world of ice a little bit.
Put him on there. Pudge Rodriguez. He might get some votes. Just not a frustration from people that are pissed off about his crappy attitude.
All this all that you know, they kept saying, oh, this is going to come to an end of when I can spend this kind of wild money and all this craziness is going to never going to end.
Never going to end. It's destroyed. The National Hockey League. They're about done. They're about finished destroying baseball and it keeps saying, oh, no, we're going to stop with that seven million and enough. 10 million and enough.
What did he hit like 297 last year? He was big in a playoffs. See, I'm doing a sports show now. Damn it. I hate this. But he and what he had like 16 home runs. Yeah.
Is that worth like 10 million? Is that worth $10, $12 million a year? No. Pudge Rodriguez. You make me sick to my stomach, but and I used to like him. I used to admire him. I thought he was a hell of a player. He's no a rod. He's no pay rod.
Well, that's your team. You're a team. They're making that Ramirez pay rod deal. I keep reading about it in a Boston Globe. What? I hope so. You hope so. Yeah. I hope you are settled with his 25 million year. I hope you have to pay all of it.
And then I hope he breaks his leg in opening day. 5 6 7. I can't stand him. Man, it just leaves me limp. Leaves me limp.
I mean, it would be like working in a radio station where they pay you a fortune. Everybody else is working for like five six bucks an hour, Beast. Yeah, I know that deal.
Oh, WDQ I am. Hey, Mercury. That's it. Thank you, sir. He used to be number 22 number 22 in your heart. Number 40, a 427 85, any prison cell. And I would say play for four part senior.
I just like for team down here. He had been put in his ass right back on a good point. Thank you. Mercury, more sold murk. He was on QA. I'm for about five minutes. And Jose can suck. Oh, makes it back on list. Good point.
Played his high school balls. Hey, Jose, what's that in your hand? Him and his brother just seem to have. You know what it is? I think trouble follows them around. You know what I mean? By the way, yes, a factor by the way, something.
A factor suggested this is a great website with which details every criminal athlete there ever was really. So if you want to go in there in the break, you can probably find some good ones. It's okay.
Crack smoker dot com. Oh, great crack smoker dot com. I'm surprised I didn't have worked there with the Dupor and Clayton last night. Dupor and Clayton were great. I'm not knocking and they were great. I was even a doll fender in those years. Can you believe that?
No, all the games me and fat rich, the fat man getting their early eating and big sub sandwiches from downer and Kendall.
And then the fact rich would bring all his silly hercune fan buddies over there, but they're hercune outfits on. And I finally said to myself, you know what? These people are a bunch of jerks. This is for more on. If there's one thing I cannot stand it, say, mo.
Absolutely. Ron.
I am for all I like.
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from Jews and listening to the near okay.
I'm gonna eat the hour.
Something fishy smells but he won't tell.
So well as Brian. What did you do?
He was standing on his folks' lawn and he was crying.
Brian. Brian. Brian. It's not to understand. It was an accident.
I don't know why your agent claims the cops reports on truth. I want to know some more. So tell me what's the score.
Brian. What did you do?
Brian. And from this moment on we're asking Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian
Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Kate L.
Christopher.indo. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. What the hell happened? I,
actually just called he he is at a shell university in sunrise there's a
mobile across from him but he's there I know it's one of his yes I knew that
all these smart asses oh there's no shell station there near yeah I've only lived
there about a hundred years right down the old Hershey highway there how's he
doing he's got a whole bunch of money yet no he's got nothing right got nothing
because we haven't told anybody where the hell he is yet so he wasted a whole
hour because he's a mole Ron you know what I mean absolutely is this junior he's
probably busy stocking up on the crispy creams shell station corner
university and sunrise in prestigious plantation and he'll be there to a
clock and bring all the cash you got for a band-a-peer rescue and you can
drop off some toys too for that Joe Mark Toy Drive then he blades former
lion the many blades which have put him on by the way to edit him to list and
Sammy Smith which I remember Sammy just before you send me the facts must have
been psychic powers again then he turned himself into authorities yesterday
you know it was what's the third two weeks ago yesterday the face charges of
being a dead-beet dead blades who played defensive back for nine seasons with
lines was charged with failing to pain your late 300 grand in child support to
the mother of a 12-year-old Southfield girl one of six children he fathered with
six women I guess that qualifies him for scumbags status don't it he was also
charged with child abandonment blades 37 of plantation Florida oh turn himself
into the Wayne County Sheriff's Department said Matt Davis H. Spokesman
with the Michigan Attorney General's office as of Monday evening that was the
third he hadn't posted bond interview with the Detroit Free Press blades and he
wanted to work out a settlement with a girl's mother but her lawyer refused to
talk to him and it goes on at great length in nineteen ninety nine a judge
ordered blades to pay eight hundred and sixty bucks a week in child support
for the girl but blades and he thought the order had been modified to reflect
his current salary is a substitute teacher with the Howard County School District
in Florida all right excellent hey teach what do you got anything good so we
got that we got the Sammy Smith many blades any other ones this crack smoke
green dot com is interesting but it said I'm only able to find the a
December thing in their hall of fame as well here's still another dolphin
running back that I can't think of it was it was a notorious had a little
no problem well somebody come up with it five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line the book steer for the mad dog at
two Hank Oldberg in the studio the what is it again the load
that was Ricky when he shows seven hey Ricky get a haircut do something man you
look gruesome you make me look good which I thought was impossible but you make
the people in Montreal look good Ricky on that crack you go by sports on the
left there see NFL NBA MLB or yeah so you whatever sport you want you can find
the assholes why I don't have like all day I mean you got plenty of time on
your hands here to dittle around with it cracksmoker dot com message board the
new Kobe Kobe a watch line I don't see where you're looking at I guess I have to
scroll down a little bit huh all I got a scroll on the other side that's what I
didn't do oh yeah you're right and I fell in the image league baseball in a
cell and CWA basketball all kinds of good stuff you be right okay well you got
a lot of time to far around with that I don't I'm on your trying to take my
way through I mean do a great radio show hey listen it's the holidays man
don't expect too much how's the other pool coming let's wrap that other one up
at 1230 and get this on I'm kind of interested to see 424 votes how do you think
the capture of Sodom will affect the 2004 election it's too early to tell
lot's of shmit happens 204 48% the Democrats are way behind the eight ball 82
big boost for bush puts him far ahead 69 bushes in 44 and makes no difference
only 25 only 25 of you say yeah and gonna make no difference know how and what
is this thing you just sent me I've already got this story thank you very much
it's on our website about the Texas woman busted for hawking yourotic toys
thank you it's on our website I got to get to it or not but I do like this
pool don't you think this is a great pool and not an easy choice if you had a
hold right now well I see I'm not gonna ask you because you're not objective you
will not hope for anybody who went to the U of M would you but see you probably
know some of these punks personally you probably share to pretty good stories
with some of these people and got only knows what else you shared with them
couple two three yeah WQ I am yeah I got the running back the heels looking
okay who is it Mr. Mercury Mars now he's on there how he's going there old
Merck I didn't hear him I didn't hear a mention I thank you Mercky more
Susanna that goes back to them we're not talking that long ago this is more
recent maybe like eight ten years ago WQ and hello hello yes sir it sounds
like you it sounds just like you go well I got the running back go ahead Bobby
Humphreys Bobby Humphreys excellent thank you so much sir you got it and have a great
day Bobby Humphreys yeah I never would have remembered would you have remembered him
no he was he was only here for a few minutes but 30 minutes he was in town for
about 30 minutes Bobby Humphreys and the joke used to be that he was a snoring
up all the talk lines and it couldn't they couldn't play the game Bobby Humphreys
they never learn their lesson oh you'll get one more chance like Lawrence Phillips
come on one more chance oh and speaking to him and I tore up the damn thing you know
we we already had a story on couple weeks ago back in November when it happened
Lawrence Phillips has another little countertoms he just seems he just seems to
have this neurotic repetition problem you know I mean he just keeps doing it and
doing it over and over again he's he's basically run out of countries then he
also play in the European and at the what do they call it phone and the role
league the WLAF the NFL Europe is that what they call it I believe sir I thought it used to be the
WLAF the world League of America football and then he changed it to something else and Amsterdam's got a
team in a bunch of other uh oh well I can just see him I'm stood on wait a minute wait a minute Josh
just got off the phone and he is swearing up a still he's very not happy why is that who I just
keep getting calls on the on the phone like about where you know for Scott yeah I'm just not answering
anymore like his personal phone calls you bet I guess they're asking for him you're getting calls
on a bat line for Scott junior yeah like oh my god see one thing I told you about him that nobody
believed me in the beginning he's an asshole yeah okay don't take it personal unless you want to
junior boy oh boy what are we going to do about him pack him up in a suitcase and send up through a
relan's your cargo okay won't be able to get rid of him that easy five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line one athlete was the biggest scumbag they ever
played for South Florida team Cecil Collins Bobby Humphries Lawrence Phillips the Meechrius
Underwood Mark Fitzpatrick Michael Irvin Brian Blades Naja Davenport is that his name it's Naje
Naje it's spelled N-A-J-E-H E-H O Naje well why didn't you say Naje like Tarje
they Ramon Castro Pudge Rodriguez only because he's a prick Mercury Morris Jose Conzaco
Sammy Smith and Benny Blades got a good list going so far we haven't even haven't even worked
up a sweat yet WQM line nine hey hello hey this is this is Mike hey I was calling you should go and
check out BadJocks.com okay and they got a lot of clues up there they have like the blood alcohol
content ranking all the fame excellent BadJocks scoreboard caught with we 30 my school coach six
candles hundred and fifty five they're bad jocks.com I'll hop right on thanks a lot
okay all right bye bad jocks.com how can you will not say I want before this day ends I want you
to rip Dave and boring an ass about what about how bad he is his performance is unacceptable
well I heard I just don't understand how so so many people in this dog get a free pass I don't
get it the inside story I've heard about him is that on that last day he was sick he wasn't
oh get out of here he never he never ever ever got more even when he has an orgasm he never
got more excited than that get out of here that guy is the most boring term and he was sick
why would you make excuses for him he must be sharing something with you where's Joe Angel when
you need him he got candid frisco bring him back I wonder why he got candid San Francisco there's
another guy for some strange reason he just he used to be there came to South Florida I mean I
like Joe Joe is pretty good and especially compared to that egotistical arrogant prick Dave
O'Brien was a tension between those two in the back and then of course they hated he said it was
kind of like Mo and the Joe the old Mo Joe Mo and Goldie and Mo and Gildi why is there that much
tends to between them now I guess probably because Mo knows that Gildi wants off of that show absolutely
desperately and hates him like poison and is making making it more known around a building than he
used to because he's hoping that he'll get him on with his buddy Joe was between eight and 10 and
I think that would be fine I think Mo and the big the almost show the all more between five and eight
and then the home all between the ten and two sandwiched in between the turban and the uh the
third the toe down the load I got to be honest with you Mo that's the best line you've ever come up with
in your the toe the toe down the load that's better than the the the the the the shrub the shrub in the
tub pick it on Hank just because he gained an answer to uh speaking of that ever tasted one of those
awful meal replacements most of them tastes like direct you'll take one sip and fat probably spit
it right back out that's what I always do just check out how much sugar they got now there's a
product that tastes great and it's sugar free and Tourex diabetic even endorsed by the beast now
tastes good by the guy who's tried everything and Tourex diabetic is the best tasting meal replacement
drink ever formulated for people with diabetes and also for people looking to reduce their sugar
intake in other words her fat slabs here they're trying to be like delicate the way they sit
this for fat people like me in the beast sweetened with splendor brand sucrose so there's no nasty taste
like you get with those drinks that you saccharine or asperate and Tourex diabetic is a complete
balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber antioxidants and also is low in saturated fat
and cholesterol and Tourex diabetic is also gluten-like toast free and eight ounce can provides 237
calories of deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and
dietitians too so don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're short on time try
interrex diabetic once you'll never go back to that other crap used to be drinking the makers
of interrex diabetic are so positive you're going to love it they're giving away free samples
FREE's outflow to stave and word free samples just for the axing go to interrex diabetic.com it's
all one word ENTER ex interrex diabetic.com or call their tool free number tell me you'll
send your free delicious one a free sample call 1-866-368-3739 that's 1-866-368-3739
you try and learn more than your day will go away send me now I love to cry in so shame yes
brought back to you this is a great website this is badjox.com
breaking news yes so mark isenberg calls during the break
yes as he went out to the university in sunrise and the the shell station and there is no shell
station he cannot find the van
I think you're never going to see scotch you and you were again this is so incredibly
unbelievable that there are no words to describe it maybe he's out there maybe he's cruising
the hood making a few deals maybe that's why all of them people keep calling for him on the
bat line the shell station is on the corner of pine island and sunrise you know what I'm saying
okay pine island it's right next to the vet the whatever the hell it is the veterinarian
I don't know that's a one the universe I see I'm getting all confused that's Howard University
anyway it's on the corner of pine island and sunrise is the shell station is it possible he might
be there no as he called back with any report no no okay I think we ought to have a contest I
know where he is we're lost in space lost in spade well I ain't nothing new you're going to check out
this badjox.com nice going by the way Miguel you really talk about deep sticks and our fun razor
what are we going to raise today nothing just another wasted day in paradise okay we go
right now absolutely huh Miguel's in there right now trying to communicate with Scott Jr.
how's he going to do that he's got a megaphone is he got one of those one of those deals where you
like talk in outer space and it reverberates through the etherica to the other planets to Uranus
man or man where the hell did we find this goofball god I'm serious goofball is the understanding
of the science the audience thinks that we're joking around just first it was George brought
that illegal alien from the overpass you know little pop I the ones that I get popping out of this
heart if you can only see the looks on Josh and Miguel's faces right now yeah Miguel's just
holding his head with his eyes closed as he's talking on the phone oh he's got a hold of him oh yeah
and where now is he what what what planet is he on the best part he insists that he's at
university and sunrise at a shell station I see tell him to look at the sign and see if just maybe
it isn't pine island and sunrise pine island you know not too far from university next street east
west maybe maybe it is university you throw me away off maybe it is university and sunrise I
don't know what is across the street tell him to look across the street what does he see what is
there
huh bad jocks dot com here's the they have a leaderboard ready for this yeah
it says how does the young college star pulled over in his first DUI compared to some of the
all-time greats how good is a BAC that's um they have BAC rankings a blood alcohol level of point
well now they have the blood alcohol levels of all these different people like Andrew Pointe
and professional golfer May 7 2002 he blew up point 36 reported having four and a half times the
UK legal limit Larry Sorenson Bob Probert NHL Goopball July 15th 1994 point 31 so they have all kinds
of different amazing good things seriously what are we going to do about him we're just going to
give a gyroscope to stick up his ass back them forget about our fundraiser folks because
Scott Jr. is a lost in space you're going to see him no more he just continues astounding and
astonishing folks from coast to coast nice going nice higher who hired him by the way what jackass
hired him couldn't have been your friend clearance couldn't five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a 18 team are you a fact in this stuff to Eric no you're not making the list no
you're not no I didn't know you're serious I'm serious oh my god I thought I know it's
I thought you didn't the thing I've been writing these down but I've been writing a real sloppy
for my own benefit I guess I'll have to like during the break facts into myself uh I'll do it
myself because I think too long and you will have nobody left listening good god almighty sorry
if you want to do that I can handle it okay sorry w.a.m. Hello
about who I am yes sir yeah hey Neil I definitely sign island and sunrise he's on the northeast
corner and directly across the street is the salvo and outback day right that's that's right
well I mean I've only lived there for 750 years question that's my idea I started I was driving
to that cell gap it's probably 27 years ago right 1880 some are getting gas absolutely I just
want to tell you buddy I love you thanks palying bye yeah like I said it's pine island and sunrise
that's only about a mile away okay so the fact that the fact he's a little confused we're
dealing with a guy whose IQ is the the only person I've ever met who it's got a minus in front of it
you know kind of like the plus and minus and hockey he's got a minus in front of his IQ number
so Scott is in the QAM van he's on a shell station corner of sunrise and pine island
until two o'clock wasted some really good valuable time go to QAM hello hey I'm gonna
come back for you okay I gotta tell you he played for the marlins leave on he'd be a
some old dude in traffic he was already gone for me I think it's the same Diego right leave on
her name is how the mighty have fallen thank you paly leave on livio in
livio in yeah I'm just asking I like because I'm gonna have to fax this thing the Eric and some
mess it's apologize Eric but the beast ain't doing nothing except sitting there probably eating
what do you eat now I had one of the shakes I'm not eating anything yeah both crab five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon let's wrap up this other one and then I'll
fax this to poor Eric who's probably having spilkeys about it right now and he didn't even know
what that means 474 votes how do you think the capture of Sodom will affect the 2004 election it's
tourney to tell lotishment happens to 23 the democrats are way behind the eight ball 93 big boost
for bush puts him far ahead 76 bushes in 55 and no difference 27 out of nearly 500 votes now I'm
trying to think back who is the asshole that told me that the shell station was on a corner of
university I mean didn't we straighten that out that there was a share right on one side in the
mobile on the other corner right on the back of the faxed in some asshole out there so we're
gonna blame you not wait for me guys he's gonna explain the whole okay what's what's the ms what's
the load out he's going to sunrise now he's going to sunrise what what does that mean I don't
know where the hell he's at right now but he's going to sunrise the university to wherever the
hell gas station is at that corner great well come to take his time okay yeah he'll be there by two
26 past known at five sixty W.M. Big news how the party act GMC is now auto city party act GMC
of pinecrest expect the same great neody else and customer satisfaction are accustomed to right now
at auto city of pinecrest it's the end of the year clearance sale on all remaining 2003's in stock
take advantage of 0% financing from the 72 months or save yourself up to nine grand with rebate
and incentives attention lease customers ask auto city of pinecrest about their lease pull ahead
early termination program when in doubt pull it out there's even more great neody else at the new
auto city party act GMC of pinecrest for a limited time to sign and drive home your brand new GMC
Sierra with absolutely no money down absolutely it's the new auto city party act GMC of pinecrest
and you'll still find them at same great hell of location it's been there for a zidian years
1301 South Fixie Highway that's US 1 across from the falls open every day seven days a week
if you want more info call the Neil Deal hotline tool free 1-trival 8-534-4211 that's 1-trival 8-534-4211 keep in
mind all offers subject to credit approval see the folks at auto city party act for details
the brand new and thrilling and exciting and amazing auto city party act GMC of pinecrest low prices
without the high pressures listening well congratulations get alive
coming later this month on showtime from the producers of Reagan the reimagining history series
continues with Betsy Ross crack or the full account of how the stars and stripes were created
during a drug-binging weekend at a massachusetts crack house black i can whip out a flag and no time
if you got some blow oh and give dolly Madison a call i'm really jonesing for some of her little cake
there may not be a line of truth to the story but it is compelling i'm thinking about doing some white
stripes take off your pants George Betsy Ross crack or coming this month on showtime don't miss it
oh yeah i'm seeing stars baby property to a five sixty w to qm actresses mtv and snoop over fake
nude sex scenes an LA actresses suit mtv and rackford snoop dog saying they edited her video
tape performance to make her appear to be naked and having sex and despite her insistence that
you wanted to prepare her in pajamas but only consent to holding hands in the lawsuit filed
Friday in LA Superior Court Doris Burns asked the judge to award her unspecified damages
Burns who occasionally appears as a featured actor in film and tv programs was hired last March
in an episode of mtv's dog doggy fizzle televizzle which was hosted by snoop dog
according to lawsuit mtv official told Burns she'd appear in a bedroom scene in which a husband
and wife were about to have sex burns agreed to appear in a scene wearing pajamas are
are comparable to tired laws who'd said she specifically told mtv she'd not agree to look as if
she were nude or about to engage in sexual relations to which they agreed actor Burns refused to
simulate intercourse with the man who played her husband burns agreed to be filmed sitting beside
the actor holding his hand but in the first in the air august 30th and first mtv producers made
the scene look like the plaintiff was nude and playing with her husband's genitals by blurring her
torso and the hand that was holding the male actors hand the lawsuit be sand representatives
forced snoop dog and mtv couldn't re-read seemingly for calling they were holding it
by the way yes yes we've had the chevron station now
I know you also know at this point huh we're in business now we're in business all right we're in
business north-east corner great isn't that what I originally said the northeast corner sunrise
the university yes I thought it was a shell somebody said it's a chevron then somebody
said well it's a mobile on either corner that was that was the intersection I wanted yes that was
what I wanted whatever kind of a whatever kind of gas was okay so scotch universe there with our
stuff he's there with mark isenberg right now with mark isenberg to what else he doing there
uh just there for the toys trying to straighten his hand oh mark isenberg is there to take your toys
too okay oh it's picking up toys what a great segue woman's arrest brings Texas obscenity line
to question clean born Texas joanne web intended to spice up marriages in her next to cash by selling
erotic toys is one of passion party inks 3000 national consultants instead the former fifth grade
teacher and executive board member of a burleson chamber of commerce faces criminal charges and
embarrassment after a police thing my mouth did drop open said with wet forty three has been married
twenty years as three children it's ludicrous to think the government can step into our bedrooms
with the model where every day is valentine's day california based passion parties expect to do
twenty million dollars in business this year company president pat davis said some describe
the gatherings as tougher were type parties for suburban housewives who feel more comfortable
buying marital aids in a private home than in the adult books they're on the internet we're doing
a wonderful service and we're not doing anything wrong davis be saying of the companies 300 products
about 60 percent of sales are lotions that products and itables while sex toys make up the
remaining items davis said it's the sex toys that brought trouble for web a consultant since june
and the first passion parties consultant charge with obscenity in a company's 10 year history davis said
last month acting on a tip two undercover officers went to the office of web says been a homebuilder
where web helps out with clerical work web had placed a small sign in the window advertising her
parties demand and woman asked if they could look at a product catalog web showed them one and the
couple said they wanted to buy two items web said she tried to talk them into hosting a party but
when they declined she agreed to sell them the items she said she retreated the items from her
home and the couple later came back to her husband's office to pick them up a month later an officer
called her and said a warrant had been issued for arrest and charges she had sold obscene devices
a violation of Texas state law according to the states of senator decoding obscene devices a
simulated sexual organ Roy or an item designed to simulate the generals and adults stories get
around the law by posting science say sold only his novelties are you ready for that and
obscene devices a simulated sexual organ like maybe a cucumber or a banana or an item designed to
stimulate the generals like maybe a cucumber or a banana web charges a misdemeanor she faces
up to a year in jail and a four thousand dollar fine an obscenity charges a felony if someone sells
obscene devices or materials at wholesale I didn't know she was Jewish web said she only sold
items through private parties and never kept products that her husband or if it's the only time she
did passion parties at that office she said was when the undercover officers approached her for what a
damn piece of luck webs attorney bn size more plans to file a motion to dismiss the case because
she says the law violates someone's right to own a sexual device which is not illegal
there you go five six seven oh five sixty I faxed the thing the Eric poor Eric I apologize Eric
but I'm surrounded by a bunch of uh what I saw right in the holidays early it's all I can say
do we got things that are controlled hour what we're good matter of opinion I don't see anything on
our website so Eric must be okay here's the final tally from the other one how do you think the
capture's phenomenal effect the two thousand four election it's totally to tell lots of shmid
happens two hundred and thirty one the democrats are way behind the eight ball and they are ninety four
big boost for bush puts him way ahead eighty two bushes in sixty and it'll make no difference
twenty eight new pool coming up what athlete was the biggest scumbag to ever play for a South Florida
team wd q a m hello yes sir hey how are you doing pretty good um you know I didn't cheer if you
had a Brian Cox on your list oh that's a nice lot one one of the wonderful UM players
are you sure outstanding choice my friend thank you very much have a great day and you too
Brian Cox I bet you feel angry would agree with that I wonder if we still have any of that I know
we can't play that song oh yeah look at that hey Brian are you happy I hate to be out there again
I suck my dick I'll put on happy there you go okay once was enough Brian okay no thanks
five six seven oh five sixty well how could we have ever left him off list what an asshole
another on he's another guy that some people in our radio station just absent didn't he wants to
a show or have a regular segment on a station one day week with the load I don't know come on when
you get with it I don't think I've only been discovering this one you're as useless at teach
out a ballpoint pen man you just what's happening I honestly don't remember Brian Cox
I think he had one of those like like you know Hank has who's he got on now once a week
doesn't he have some player I'm on the right side I'm conrad or different one yeah
well I think you should have a Lamar Thomas on all the time yeah well how come he's not on the list yet
I don't know what he is now now how are we going to send these additional ones to am I going to have to keep
faxing Eric I will write down the additional ones Brian Cox and Lamar Thomas got it can you handle
that and when you want a fax Eric just number two there on the fax machine all you got to do is
just punch it with your punchy little fingers and like magic there it'll be right there in Orlando
right in Eric's lunchroom Lamar Thomas WDQ I am hey I have I have some players for this
this end up this uh for the uh nearer worst thing yes sir yes I got a gene actin I got
Cleveland Gary and Warren set three great choices thank you pal have a great
no problem Cleveland Gary not no kind of clear Gary Indiana and the Warren's sack another
UM uh discreet I mean another a big fat UM guy he always know you little uh Gonja he had a little
just like Mark Dupur now he never stole a freight train I mean you made a big deal out of that
just because they honored him with the uh game last night all it was was a little weed right
right yeah just hold him over on a west coast one day and he was involved wasn't that what the
cons of weed or something the trunk it was no big deal didn't kill anybody didn't uh beat up his
girlfriend and locker in a locker nowhere stuff like that you got those three gene actins
Cleveland Gary and Warren's sack big fat UM tub 20 to 1 at 560 WDQ and hey brandy shoes
is celebrating a big year this year it's their 25th anniversary of doing it more than just
riding south Florida they're doing it spectacular can you even imagine how many shoe stores go out of
business every year in south Florida at least 25 years brandy has been giving you unbeatable
deals top name merchandise all the brands you know and love unbeatable prices and friendly
personal service to make sure that you and your feet get a perfect fit every damn time no matter
how big or a smaller feet are they got them all they got men's size of 6 to 15 women's five to
12 which from the very very narrow to the very fat and wide and all the top brands like I said
only moments ago that you know and love like rock ports echo is mefisto tibberland clerks s a s
floor shine and all the others as well brandy shoes there at 1290 nor federal highway and
poppin obiach open every day monday through saturday from 9 to 9 sundays 10 to 5 and during
grandies 25th anniversary sale right now is a great time to buy floor shine all this week save 25%
off on all men's floor shine styles so stop into the store visit them on the web at brandy's shoes
dot com
line and local
your sports video 560s you and you a m
well there's get hard and carry
airwards and lever men wacy clarking whose
cinnage carol brown and shopped in but the leader it seems the one guy that's a head
of their team dean is the democrats runner loves to have just pushed to bash and if you have
it notice how we're deemers lots of cash just cause he's a doctor carries a step a
skull he won't be like the other democrats like to grow everything was going well till westly came to say
do you maybe winning though i was commander of nato he brought up same sex marriage as
reminds governor how would you have made mistakes just to the front runner
call 46 james beaker the third boy i tell you one thing you must have some big big great
cases full of cash didn't take him long he's got agreements already with the germany
somebody ought to tell the people to see it and there's no more west germany anymore but in any way
he's got agreements with germany in france to forgive some of those Iraqi debts oh yeah now all
of a sudden were putty buds he must have like i said going over there with briefcases full of cash
unmarked bills everything is hunky door again pull us up one athlete was the biggest scumbag to ever
play for a soft load a team loren's Phillips that was my vote he's got nine do you vote
not yet i'm about to right now for i don't go over the list Cecil Collins seven Jose
cucco five how's it going Jose
brine cox four brine blades to and just a smattering because it just went up sammy smith one
of many blades one warren saps got one michael erwin's got one and nate david port and
putrid regga's each one hey pudge good player asshole it's a nausea david port what did i call
Nate because that's what he yeah well that's because he could be by writing i told you i just uh
how to how could anybody be an a j e h i'll all you know i'm gonna let him know email email
email or go talk to him because you get a new way and say what well are you email him and did
you like fight over the phone about the fastest news force feeding bad worst right now
w-a-m hi how are you pretty good how you doing i'm doing really good um i just wanted to give
a suggestion for a future pulse and i just i've seen things that you know just make me
scratch my head and say what is going on here what is the most ridiculous thing people do to
their cars meal i just got someone's car dressed up like a christmas package really the bow on the
front with the with the windows all around it i'm saying what what are people thinking it's a
car for god's sake i mean the guys the stickers they put on them and the the flags they put on
them people are nuts yes they are they are true people people drive their cars a lot of them like
it's like it's a traveling billboard they got religious religious messages on the back and political
messages on the back and the lights and plates and then they got the little uh the stuffed toys and
dogs and cats in the back in a rearview mirror with little eyes oh man people i don't know what
people are think i i swear it was a it was a traveling christmas present it was it was i just had
to tell you i think i've seen it all now okay thanks i love you forever happy holidays youtube
youtube and anyways it's like the people that go out of plane are going to wait for the weekend and
they got their whole life uh all of their possessions every piece of clothing every chachki
everything they ever had in their life and then they got 75 different bags that's how are they
going i'll put a weekend there's the ones i'm talking about and the new deal is because they only
allow you most airlines maximum two pieces of carry on and so they have like these the ones that
break down in like 16 different um uh suitcases you know 16 different pieces of luggage of all shapes
and sizes but they all like uh snap together like they're fooling somebody
Lawrence Phillips is running away baby he's got two i vote over excellent choice piece of crap
we just ever got a call to show some old fart about probably died by now we can only hope uh what's
wrong with Lawrence Phillips uh and then every time he's signed a contract like with a ram's
whoever was for about five weeks until he went back to jail again uh and Lawrence Phillips just
signed with a ram but you know a single crap some ball bust in old fart probably dead you know what i mean
absolutely we can only pray how many qaam hello hey Neil how are you doing happy good
that's him you uh you know you're missing James Baker deterred there yes you know this is the same
James Baker the turd who's uh the uh primary uh uh lawyer in Baker and bought the legal law firm
that's representing the Arabs uh the Saudis uh against the families who are pursuing them right
in 11 in nine it's not unbelievable it's not unbelievable he's a virulent anti-semite he was the
same attorney they slept down to Florida when they helped to fix the vote count in 2000 so anytime
they need to bring the uh henchman out it's always him yeah it makes you wonder if he's got the
pictures of whoever the interested parties are with dolly uh the sheep you know either that or he's
got look at brought these phone number yeah well i just wanted to uh let you uh and remind you that
this baker is the baker and bots who's defending the Saudis correct okay thank you we just said
thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a tnt do you think it's the same
baker from baker and bots it's defending the Saudis i don't know is it yeah five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a tnt and forizer wireless line what athlete was the biggest scumbag
to ever play for some Florida team Lawrence Phillips 14 Jose can suckers gonna have a battle
what the hell is the name of that bid i can't find it that Jose can sucker one huh see you uh this
is the problem is it called like just something lullaby something freaking lullaby i'll find it maybe
iraq will know uh Cecil Collins got eight we already played that i might actually play that again
i love that he was just he just wanted to get a look he just wanted to dip his wick he just wanted
to dip his wick nice job um code load the load i wish i would have heard it say it myself because
with that stentorian voices you know mo actually he can be really funny once about you ever look at him
Cecil Collins eight Brian coach seven Michael Irvin three Demetrius Underwoods that appear
Brian blades two Warren Sam two and after that it's malpatatus out of the first of 52 votes maybe
this pulling gonna go overall that big i don't know we had a lot of our audience who couldn't give
her crap less about sports no matter what they all all of a sudden they know about scumbags
w-d-q-a-m
miserable son of a bitch once in a pali once a queen always a queen but once it is enough for you
w-d-q-a-m
hey uh who's the one that in the 1980s involved with the Yahwehs it was uh for murder used to be a former dolphin
involved with the Yahwehs huh yeah if I was something i just can't remember his last name is a former dolphin
creeper i think somebody will know okay thanks pali okay i don't know does it bring any bills with us
no no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and for rising wireless line
w-d-q-a-m hello w-d-q-a-m
hey yes sir eagle fans can you play something for me what is that we did it
ha ha ha ha ha congratulations to pali
although they made it a little bit too exciting it was one of those deals when they made it you know
like winning a horse race by a neck by an oz when you're much the best
we did it we did it i think you've heard fun that uh spanish lullabies can say go what is it called
my spanish lullabies my spanish lullabies thank you so much we'll get to it Eric with that
thanks Eric Eric's on top of it baby
Lawrence Phillips and Jose are like an ellip block 15 for Larry and uh 14 for Jose
and Cecil's in double digits two with ten he just wanted to dip his wit baby
voice through the window if anybody missed that story that was just a classic
takes the screen off the window
miss uh oh and then of course just like with everybody else they always try to blame the victim
oh well she was a loose broad you know she she was a woman of loose uh uh bad repute
right that's always a good excuse
scumbags man and people idolize and that's what makes me so sick about professional sports
the ridiculous salaries and the kind of scumbags that people who worship and idolize no matter
what kind of crap they do and a classic example we got right there in Kendall
hello jay yeah there you go he's the ultimate the penultimate scumbag of all time never played for a
team in south Florida though can't put him on the list otherwise it'd be no more contemporary right
he would win he would fly by these like they were laying down prone
w-d-q-a-m hello nail yes sir kneel god i haven't heard that in a while where you go kneel god
no god no god no god no one has a cow with her with the thunder and the lightning in the song
the you god oh you mean that one yes sir oh god i get goosebumps every time i hear that you
get goosebumps you heard good hey you know listen man you're leaving somebody off man i can't
please just keep it on your list for the scumbag for south Florida but bottom end he's on there
he's on there leave on yeah leave on's on there all right well chop well up for me man all right
hey no sir this thing would push about him get reelected whatever you know it gets too early to tell
but i'd say if power quark and d is all we got out there and i think bush is gonna win again okay
see you see is right how about Hillary what do you say huh no let's go you go girl see this is what
they're trying to convince everybody that dean can't win and all of a sudden bullcrap is another
Michael Duke caucus i have i have moments when i have my doubts but on the other hand maybe this
populist thing is swiping a sweeping america maybe you're gonna vote out all of you in
incumbents you know just like i don't want to recall thing in california certainly not because he's
got an IQ larger than a thumbnail or larger than that stunt penis they had in that picture
1256 and 560 wdcum welcome the eftarrenata repair to the New Yorker show eftarrenata repair is
located at 50 83 North federal highway just a mile and a half north of sample road in pompano
beach at eftarrenata repair experience the difference that difference makes don't interest your
a car to some slump all the eft mechanics are certified by a sc a sc certified technicians
current with all latest technology and most of them with the eft team for almost 20 years the
eft team has got over 200 combined years of experience to make a long story short they know
their stuff and if you need an oil change right now stop by eftarrenata about their neo-rodgers
1295 oil change special you heard right just 1295 for an oil change the eft team uses only the
best parts and top of line castoral gtx motorway you couldn't even buy the parts for this incredibly
low price only 1295 eftarrenata repair there at 50 83 North federal highway in pompano beach
column at 954 426 9926 that's 954 426 9926 we should have asked them about their 90 day same as cash
no interest credit card too eftarrenata repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful
automotive repair facilities in the entire USA and when you talk to them don't forget to be sure
and ask them about that 1295 neo-rodgers oil change special 954 426 9926
my life and love this is 4356 way to way yeah
hi all my favorite Republicans this is Matt Drudge at its time for the excuse me uploading
it's time once again for the neo-rodgers one to two power
last night I dreamt of can say go just like he never let my side at all I played with holesake
and say go he showed me jump out to kind of a ball I should hope they how to vote to back
the breath was kind of both I took off my clothes he kept on his cleats I miss coming round
through base and sliding into his face in the shower with Jose my Spanish lullaby
cool guy he's like it's one oh one is five six you double get two and we've got the blue
steer good job against her mad dog it's to the staff known and then you got the Humper the load at
four four to seven Ricky William shows seven o'clock tonight at the Cleveland or he'll have all kinds
of alibis and stories and he was ill and and hurting and get a haircut eight o'clock tonight it's
the big oh and then you got 80k attend you and Marco overnight two to five how are we doing
out there at the QM van at news wherever it is I don't know if we've heard back at we haven't
heard of the conversation I know we haven't heard from you know something I'm not going to ask
again don't ask in total five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon
wireless line nice going Miguel WDQA am hello I knew yes sir I got one for you I got another
nut to put on your list all right I got Mark Ingram I don't know if you remember two years ago he
had a three thousand dollars account of money hanging around with the in yeah yeah that's another
nut you got to put on your list man all right you got to see five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what I think was the biggest scumbag to ever play for
a self-load of team we've got an impressive list of scumbags I wonder if it's a Pudge getting any votes
or not I know he had that one let me take a puke at it he's got the just a pair Pudge has a small pair
WDQA am WDQA am hello I'm calling for Neil speaking
feel yes sir how about Ray I never did it Lewis Ray Lewis who the hell was Ray Lewis
you are for you I don't remember what what did he do he was accused of like being involved in a
stabbing I believe in Atlanta right oh nice excellent good choice thank you sir now the scumbag
from you I'm alleged just remember always alleged scumbags always have to cover you ask by saying alleged
scumbag as a poet like Jose can suck oh we know there are some of them who obviously clearly
already are scumbags not alleged like Cecil and Lawrence Phillips and Jose and Merck Morris
Mercury Morris show coming up on QAM the new 8 to 10 host Mercury Morris with the Crow
do I get to do the updates absolutely absolutely Merck and the Crow as the Crow flies that's
gonna be the name I got the Crow Binoc right here home boy we see some long truck bar problems
oh man when you look back over the last 10 years whatever it's been look at the people
Greg Reed is put on the ear it's really it is shocking is what it's remember Merck Merck Merck
many Ramirez right for a pair of Cecil Collins Lawrence Phillips Demetrius
Sundawood Mark Fitzpatrick Michael Irvin Brian Bennie Blase both Niger did we get that straightened
out. I don't know. Yes. We got a strange on ice going there. He's under a lot of duress
because you're like leaving him hanging. Time like the way Scott Jr.'s leaving us hanging.
This today, this has got to be, I don't even know what term to use, it's just insanity.
To see what you, it's not bad enough that this is a tough year to raise money for charity
and everybody's a little on the tight side and don't know whether their job is going to
be a stiller after the first of the year and maybe they already lost it and they're kind
of like hanging on there every nickel they can. So everybody is bellyic in this year.
It's really tough to raise money for charity and we're finding that too. But especially
when you have an opportunity, this close to Hanukkah and Christmas time, when people are
a little more into giving mood and want to pick up a neat gift for somebody for the holidays.
And here we got this goofball, this bozo, this cretin, driving a van around like doing
like an acid teacon and he's doing figure eights in the middle of the roads out there.
He's at the corner of university in the sunrise, getting some gas. Yeah, update 120 bucks.
Wow, he's doing it like I said. QAM, hello. QAM, going once, long gone, 120 bucks, I didn't think he'd
get like a dime. So he's still got an hour to get out there and look at him and say, well once you look at him,
you'll understand what this is all about. Those of you who think that we're exaggerating, just take a look at him.
WDQAM, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? It's going great. Fantastic. I got another scumbag for your list.
Okay. How about one step? He's on there, man. The step is on there. Damn, I missed that one.
Okay. How about Brian Cox? He's on there. Well, I better pay attention, I guess.
Start paying attention. Have a great holiday and get with it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, how about Cecil Collins?
It's the same as the people that thanks you the stuff they did. Look at your website and they say,
oh, that's a good story. Why don't I thanks you to Neil? Like maybe they think you just came.
Oh, look at that. The French and German's not the West Germans this time. CNN finally got it right.
Somebody finally told them there ain't no more West Germany. Surprise. WDQAM, hello.
Could you please add something? Somebody of Randy Rose, the newest one of Randy Rhodes. Thanks.
What was that? What was it? Oh, he wanted, oh, I know what he wanted to hear. Jesus, God, all mighty.
Randy. What? Hello, Randy. What? Are you laughing to me? No.
He sounded like one of them groupie-tepigas. He just wants to hear like drop-ins.
I'm the bite. I'm the bite. I'm the bite. I'm the bite. I'm the bite. I'm the bite.
That's number one with two bullets already. Absolutely.
Just as I went on to listen, it's already zoomed to the top. What's that?
The, uh, dropping them all my stuff. I'm the bite. I'm the bite. I'm the bite. I'm the bite. I'm the bite.
I'm the bite. I'm the bite. If we're a little sure on time, we always have the abbreviated version.
I'm the bite. I'm the bite. I'm the bite. I'm the bite. Like that. God, love it. You're a man.
You're a man. The mo-myster. By the way, there's no, there's no greater sight than when during
Howard's show, when, when Zach plays the, uh, the promos for the best in the LCDs and one of those
bits comes on. Oh, man. What does he do? The action just, the man, things start spinning and on the head.
The, the muskrat starts racing around in circles and his eyes start rolling and they start squeezing
the bag. The little bit of the blue nose, Zach plays it on purpose just to get around. Nice going,
Zach. Always like I told you, the good people are the fat people like the, uh, what is it?
Slow toe, the toe, the toe, the toe, the toe, and the load.
Nice going, mo. Guys, been on the air for a year and a half. He finally came up with a line.
WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. We did it. There. We won the wheel series. How are you? Okay. I just want to let you know.
This is going to be David Samson in the Lyle. I just became a man today. I'm originally from Holland and I tell you the reason why it's just because I can easily travel now. I leave this country.
World series.
We love you. Do it. Okay. I'll stay. I'll stay. Do it. Do it. Do it. Cook scenes. Get out of here.
5670560. Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon, Marla's Lyle. Let's hop on a plane and go to Amsterdam. What do you say? It sounds good to me.
All right. Might just be in my plans. You never know. You never know with me.
Jose Konseco. Look what he's got. The biggest scumbag athlete to ever play for a soft loaded team, which he played high school ball.
Jose's got 30. Lawrence Phillips 24. Cecil Collins 18. Ryan's Cox 15.
Warren the satmeister 8. Michael Irving only 6. How can Michael Irving have only 6 votes?
How soon they forget?
Ryan blades 4. The meteor center would 4. Sammy Smith 3.
Don't give Sammy that thing. Brian Benny blades 2. Pudges got a pair and everybody else got one. What about Bobby Humphries has non-sea?
They all forgot about him because he was only in town about a week, I think. How about Stan Humphries?
Stan Humphries? Who the hell is Stan Humphries? I don't know some TV person who knows.
567 or how about Humphries Bogart as long as you're going to come up with crap? WQA him. Hello.
Yeah, Leo. Yes, sir. How you doing? You forgot that my Cooper. He was laundry money a few years ago.
Right. You should we put him on the list there and we honored him last night. Man, he honored him and Mark Clare.
And it closed in single moccola. Nari's there. But it's okay. We don't have our interpreter here today, Pals. We got to chop it off.
I don't have any idea what he said. Something about.
That's whom we get lucky. Mark Dupor put him on there. Okay. With or without the honors last night. He had a little problem with his own.
But he's better now. Who else was it that what receiver was it that had the problems? Jesus, I can't believe I forgot his name one of our favorite people about three, four years ago.
Money laundering. Oh, come on. My stop and receive. Yes. There was actually there was a running back from UM James Stewart. Who was that? No, no, no, no. Very popular hurricane receiver. My God.
The geez just faded out. You see that's about how it goes when you stop following the fish. Jamie German, not Jamie German. I said very famous. Well, no, he was.
I put him on. Jamie's German. I hope you're right. And he's down. No, because I'm leaving it. You're a pudgy fat hands.
WDQA. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think I got a couple for your full. Okay. How about peach toy on of it? Didn't he meet his wife or something? A lands. Yeah, Pete's a penny boy. He went from being a fair haired boy to like the spies like poison. Okay.
And I never think that it played for the Marlon. Not too long. He was ex-pire. How Martin? I think he was like doing tax evasion or something or excellent.
And I got a call for that Randy Roads bit. I think he's the one in the Randy Roads bit. It's voice on it exactly like it. Really? Yeah, it's not an identical. I think Randy.
Oh, Randy. What? Are you laughing to me? No. Yeah, you're right. It's like a retard. That's him. You got it. Good idea. Have a great holiday. That's a guy with a really good ear. Who the hell am I trying to think of? Tony, um, Tony Martin.
Wasn't it Tony Martin? Yeah, it was a dolphin. He was a dolphin. Didn't he have like some money laundering issues? Yeah, it was a very good. Tony Martin. What is wrong with you? Man, you are just see your two her cool intensive man. When I baby crap, you gotta grow up.
Yeah, what's going to happen to you? You're going to be like another Mike Rosencaw or another J. Row Keach.
New. It's time to play what's in the box J. Row Keach. The voice of Hurricane baseball. He just turned 72 and he still doing the PA at Mark Lydstadium.
J. Row Keach, now batting for your hurricanes. I just don't understand that all the luck I told you before the show. He's got his family as the Rokeach, the Roqueos family is how they pronounce it.
The, uh, they make the kosher deals all that the Jew food, you know, I like to sweet jerkins myself. Sweet jerkin. That's what Clara said. He says, been sweet jerkin with the beast.
But at any rate, that's a Roqueach. And of course, Mike Rosencaw, which nobody in this audience knows who this is and barred. They lucky. He may Scott Jr. look good. That's what a nerd. He is.
Mike Rosencaw. When W. N. W. S. went on a year when the cancer put that on hired me to do talk at night. They were like news in the daytime. So they were they're going to find news people, you know.
So they didn't go on. They heard some really good news people like Prescott Robinson, Steve daily and a couple of others. And then they heard some flunkies, you know, like from WVUM. Mike Rosencaw. W. N.
News time is for 20 to the torpious, most silliest and he came right out of WVUM. The voice of the University of Miami, which doesn't really exist.
I'm a proud alumnus of WVUM and he used to sit there in a press box. And I used to do the games out on the, like on top of the stairwell right outside of press box where the press box used to be.
Yeah, they still, they still do the games outside. Right. And he would sit inside like you me, dirty looks. And of course, he was very upset that a commercial station was doing the games because obviously anybody who's a real hurricane fan.
We're listening to the 15 year old boys doing a games on WVUM with a squeaky voices. You made a mistake. The illiterate mistake. Mike Rosencaw. What a jerk. Hey, Mike, I hope you're listening. Man, you're an idiot.
113 at 560 WQ way. I'm Shelley Blohm's fashion clothing. There's no fools. They've been around in town doing a right for guys for over 40 years in the same location. I guarantee there aren't too many businesses been around in town for 40 years. How many you think there might be?
But third man, that location is 26 50 Northwest 5th Avenue right in the heart of the prestigious Mommy fashion district. At Shelley Blohm's you'll find fine men's clothing. We're talking about the most beautiful merchandise under the sun from suits and sport coats, slacks, dress and sports shirts ties on one of the largest selection of designer shoes in town. She can be a slob like me or can be a fancy dresser when you shop at Shelley Blooms.
Shelly's got Italian slacks super one twenties and 15 colors for only 60 bucks. George, you are money suits itself from 13 95 to 15 95 only 795 bucks at Shelley Blooms fashion clothing. Shelly even offers a fantastical selection of Italian suits starting at just 225 bucks each service selection and price. Those are the three ingredients in the recipe that kept Shelley Bloom in business for over 40 years now. And Shelley guarantees you is personal word that's never going to change the selections on beatable alterations are always free.
And with thousands of suits in stock up to size 70. You're sure to find exactly what you need. So stop overstepping it those malls and make the trip to Shelley Blooms in the heart of the fashion district open Monday through Saturday 9 30 in the morning till 6 p.m. If you want to compare price, this gives Shelley a call 305 573 5890 305 5735890 for Shelley Blooms fashion clothing is it's well worth the trip.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
Shelly's new AM.
He's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
Helly's new AM.
