He's dirty.
Dirty, dirty, dirty.
Harry, Calla, Hanni is back.
And now he's passing out flowers and airports.
Hey, pal.
You wanna buy a carnation for your lady friend?
Uh-huh.
Uh, no thanks.
Come on, pal.
Make my day.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Ah!
Clarity's wood is dirty, Harry.
Krishna.
You know, in all his excitement, I don't know if I sold you six flowers or only five.
But seeing as how Krishna is the most powerful being in the whole universe, and he blew all my hair clean off.
You gotta ask yourself one question.
So what's that?
You're like my orange smock.
We'll do ya, punk.
Clarity's wood.
It's just me, smithing westerner, and McDowell Lama.
He is dirty, Harry, Krishna.
Now chanting at an airport near you.
902560WQ, what a great poll George took yesterday.
Oh, I guess, uh, did you mention that I gave that to the TV trailer and over again.
Carla said you never mentioned it even once.
He says a lot of things.
Never mentioned it once.
That's okay.
Look at all the response George had on his nifty poll yesterday.
Oh!
Because I did come in here thinking I was gonna work.
I have to be crazy.
I have to be nuts because-
Your heart is dirty.
Right.
Now it's been all day, I stay six hours.
Over at the Cleveland Clinic.
Thanks to, uh, I'm a big bush fan now, I should mention.
That's Dr. Bush, not George W.
Thanks, Doc.
And they put me upside down and backward and inside out into my my side in a stress test in the-
Do you ever see, uh, do you ever do that?
I've seen the procedures like on the news.
Where you not only see your heart beating, but you actually hear, you know, the attorney audio off.
And then it was just, like that once.
Oh my god.
I thought I was having a fart attack.
But after all of that, after six hours of that, I, he said-
Your heart is dirty.
But it's in good shape and you're okay and get out of here.
How do you like that?
Very good.
I like it.
I'm not in good shape because it was something else which I told you, but you know, a minor thing.
Yeah.
A minor thing which we won't discuss because I don't want to go to my mother's for lunch today, have her say,
You're wearing pants that are two sizes too small.
I spent six hours laying on this thing with a gown on, okay?
And not the usual lovely gown that I'd be expected to wear.
But just one of those medical gowns with the ass-
I get home three o'clock and sure enough she had called.
Be sure and call as soon as I get home.
And I hadn't said five words before it comes out.
You're sick because you're wearing pants that are two sizes too small.
See they didn't start out as hip-
And I said, see it tomorrow, Mom.
Click, click, click, bitch.
Nasty, mean, spirited, evil, doer.
I'll tell you one thing, she ought to be on the list of the evil doers.
You know what?
Okay.
She is.
Got some company for her.
She's on the list with your mom, evil doers.
Just, yeah, because my pants are two tight.
I don't wear the hip-hugger's mom.
There was just coincidentally, maybe she's psychic.
Maybe she knew that piece was going to be on the news last night about the hip-hugger's make you, um,
Your nerve damage and all of a sudden crap.
Damn it.
I like the hip-hugger's.
That's what they said.
Anyway, so I'm okay.
I'm back here again, George.
Did a great job yesterday.
I'm sure you're going to get a lot of calls about what a stupendous pool George took.
And that's why I've played Clint Eastwood because he's number one.
Oh!
Which, you know, leaves me, I mean, not that I don't like dirty Harry.
He's okay.
And it's time.
The question was, who is your all-time favorite movie character?
Well, I forgot to tell you, by the way, that today would be a real good day.
It's like the middle of the week and we got to noon to one comedy hour.
But today, during that hour, be a good time while you're listening in your car to go out and get some duct tape.
And we want bottle water.
And this queen.
Batteries.
What is it?
This queen.
That's what you tape with the duct tape over your windows.
This queen.
This queen.
This queen.
This queen ain't going to be doing none of that.
I'll tell you that right now.
Okay.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
And they showed the thing last night.
I don't want to say we have a lot of illiterate people out there,
but the company that makes one of the, well, I guess it's a brand name.
It's called Duck Tape.
Not Duck Tape.
Right.
You ever seen that?
Yeah.
Duck Tape.
If you get annoyed by the Aflack spots, it's a good thing to have handy.
You just put it around his beak.
And then he'll wet it.
Who is your all-time favorite movie character?
Dirty Heary 84.
Don Corleone is 75.
How, how, how depressing, you know?
I mean, is there any, but then again, you got to keep the age thing in mind.
Right.
And he was middle of the pack for a while there,
at least just Don Corleone number 10 or something like that.
What a disgrace.
What a freak in disgrace.
I told you that we had a lot of people out there.
That's why this town is so out of it.
They don't know from the Godfather.
And anybody who don't know from the Godfather, they don't know squat.
Tony Montana from Scarface.
Oh, it's going to take me a long time to go down this pool.
He's got 70.
James Bond 69.
Darth Vader 60.
Now, I notice James Bond is like generic, because we just asked character not actor actress right.
Darth Vader 60.
Carl Spackler, the groundskeeper, played by Bill Murray and Candy Shack 58.
Now, the reason you were, you thought it was bogus.
It's not bogus.
From the beginning, it was like number three for a while way up there.
Because this audience, like, got to be a QAM.
No, they like Candy Shack.
That's their favorite movie.
Don't you understand?
Okay.
Now that you drew me a picture.
Yeah.
It all makes sense.
I'm just telling you, they like Candy Shack.
That's their thing.
I liked it too when I was a teenager.
That's the QAM teenager when I was a child.
Anybody that would call and ask about, you know, the 10-year-old quarterback that's playing in Oklahoma,
what kind of movie do you expect they would like?
The natural.
Is that in here?
Terminator, Arnold Schwarzenegger, had 53.
Lieutenant Kilgore played by Robert Duval on Apocalypse Now 50, which I have no idea what that was.
Because I never watched it.
I still got it.
I still got it.
Just fast forward to that one scene.
Indiana Jones 49, Travis Bickel played by Robert De Niro-Taxi, driver 47.
A very scary guy.
Even scarier than Luca Bratzie.
Inspector Kusso, Peter Seller's 39.
Kaiser, I don't know who this is.
It's from the usual suspects.
Kevin Spacy and the usual suspects.
Kaiser Soce, Verma Cent.
Soce?
Soce.
Soce.
Are you sure you're still on that right?
Soce is Carlos.
No.
S-O-C-E in Italian, that would be Soce.
Soce.
That would be the Kaiser.
It's like some real hero character.
Hanibal Lecter, sounds the lambs 34.
How could Hanibal Lecter be beaten up by Kaiser Soce?
So we did the movie psychos, he won.
And I'm sure you got this name wrong.
Yeah.
Not that I wanted to pick, because it was a great pull.
I got over a thousand votes.
It was my poll.
Anyway, Alex Delarge, clockwork orange.
Malcolm McDonald, 32, no, that was not his name.
Alexander Delarge, trust me.
It was?
Alexander Delarge?
I did have a big snake, but it was in his drawers.
Basil.
Did you have the big snake in his drawer?
Remember that?
That one scene he pulled it right out.
In fact, there was another scene he did well.
J, see, I can't, I can't can tie.
I know.
J from J and Silent Bob had 24 votes.
Jeff Spicoli, Sean Penn, and Fast Times at Ridgemont Han 25,
which I didn't see that, but I don't remember him.
That's how I'm scared of him.
I'm the guy that the star, he makes me nauseous.
I can't explain that.
Let's go!
Rick Blaine, Humphrey Bogart and Cassablanca, 21.
Captain Quint, Jaws, 21.
Now how come that Humphrey Bogart character
didn't Captain Quig make it on here?
No.
I talked about it, but...
You have to be Schmittingman.
I put enough of those on my own.
Captain Quig with a strawberries didn't make our point.
Way better than the Rick, but they were consistent.
Good thing I wasn't here to do this poll yesterday.
I'll finish your results, but let me give you today's poll,
so Eric can make it up.
And I already printed this out here, as much as I want.
As much as I can take.
Hey listen, we're busy doing duct tape, okay?
And bottled water.
Get ready.
Can, sorry.
I don't want to be negative.
I don't want to like pee on the government's parade,
but let me just say this to you.
Because the media naturally, they don't stop and think logically.
For example, if you live in Onion to New York,
if you live in Ishmeng, Michigan,
if you live in Dubuque, Iowa,
I'd say that the need for duct tape and plastic for your windows
and what was it this, this queen?
This queen, yeah.
The need probably is low, but if you live like a major
metropollet in area like New York,
Philadelphia, Boston, L.A., Miami,
what else?
Detroit?
Yeah, they're not going to mess with them.
Chicago?
Chicago?
Capitalist, serious tower?
Right, big Washington DC?
Then maybe you ought to go out and buy heavy duty, yeah.
I just find it mind-boggling.
And what's even worse is that people are doing it.
Oh, I do.
Of course, here in South Florida,
all you've got to do is say,
oh, I can't.
And right away they all run, like storm, rainstorm.
And either that is not a stimulus.
People are out shopping.
That's what it is.
That's why they're stimulating the economy.
Although Alan Greenspan says,
well, we'll get to that.
Not a good time for a tax cut.
Hey, Alan.
I wouldn't start my car alone if I were you these days.
Okay, and I'm saying I get that remote control job.
Don't be making comments like that about not a good time for a tax cut.
10 past nine at five sixty.
Oh, here's the poll before I do the break.
What's your take on the latest bin Laden tape?
It's not him.
He's really dead.
All the more reason to attack Iraq now.
Proves that Bush is playing into his hands.
It changes nothing.
Or what, me worry, is our poll today.
Pretty good poll if I say so myself.
Five magnificent choices.
I want you to get panicky.
But a lot of bad crap going on.
And what they worried about on ABC.
I had a good morning America show.
Michael Jackson's nose.
And I don't want you to get nervous about it.
Because Carlos is assured all of us that Michael Jackson is not a pedophile.
So we feel a lot better about that.
Thank the Lord for those little kids who are sharing Michael's bed.
He just is lonely and likes company.
You're an idiot, Carlos.
You're just, you're pathetic.
That's what happens when you smoke all in faggot.
That's why he's going to go for a physical today.
Young man of his age, he's going to go there going to draw blood.
They're going to do all kinds of crap.
Probably stick their finger when his...
Correct them.
Well, yeah, they do that too.
Look what happened to John Kerry, man.
You can never be too...
Right.
To have somebody stick their finger in there and check your prostate.
Right, as a matter of fact Joe was just here.
He had some issues with that.
What do you mean by that?
He had some issues with it.
With his prostate.
He did?
Yeah, like what?
Dr. Prasad, he wasn't milking it often enough.
True story.
You shouldn't have seen the prescription.
Come on, it's after 9 at 5.60 WQIM.
Maybe that's why he's going to be a...
Treasure Island tonight.
Willie?
No, maybe he'll show up.
What's in here, of course?
Speaking of that, guys, Valentine's Day is this Friday,
and what women really want us for you to put a little...
...thought and creativity into your gift.
This year, express yourself in a fun and original way,
say it with a Vermont teddy bear.
Just call 1-800-829-Bair.
And a friendly bear, councilable, will help you choose from over 100 bears,
hand-cracked in in Vermont and delivered in a colorful gift box
with free card and chocolate.
Tell her she lights your fire with a new Burnin' Love Bear,
dressed like a hunky fireman,
with Love Tattoo on his arm,
or say I'm wild about you with a younger Love Bear.
They even have bears for her hobby or occupation,
like the prostitute the bear.
Setting a Vermont teddy bear is a creative and personal alternative to flowers.
It'll be around long after Valentine's Day to remind her of you.
Send a bear to the office or work homework
so you can see how thoughtful and romantic you are.
overnight in Valentine's Day delivery,
guaranteed even at this late date.
Call 1-800-829-Bair or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
Don't forget to do it right this year.
Say it with a Vermont teddy bear for Valentine's Day.
Be sure and tell them that Dirty Old Neal
toured it to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
That's only my heart by the way that's dirty.
And I'm mine and Lord,
this is sports 20 or 5-6-E.
You way up.
Don't have a penis.
Well congratulations, get a life.
Kaboom.
Look outside on the same day.
Look outside on the same day.
George Bush has got your name.
Look outside on the same day.
He says we know.
No.
We know just what you're doing.
Look outside on the same day.
You've been a very naughty boy.
You're a very naughty boy.
You're a bunch of new.
Oh, side of him he'll get you.
He'll get you.
He's got some missiles pointed at you.
And he'd love to bomb me right here.
Back into the middle ages.
He's loved you.
He loved you, loved you, loved you, loved you.
George W. is the president.
He is the president.
Congress wants him to explain.
They say what do you think you're doing?
What do you think you're doing?
He says we're going to take him out.
We're going to take him out.
Look at this new, same bomb.
Side of me, loved you.
He loved you.
You're shooting a bunch of missiles at you.
Yeah, he loved you, loved you, loved you.
He loved you, loved you, loved you.
Uh-huh.
Back into the middle ages.
He loved you.
Yeah.
He loved you, loved you, loved you, loved you.
He loved you, loved you, loved you.
917-562-WQ-A.
Here's a fact from John and Craig Corwell.
I'm sure he's a wonderful guy and a real dedicated listener.
But, it says I hope you're feeling better.
The start of a career at New York Times.
I'm at the Estatica L'Enjoy.
The Wimps of War by Paul Krugman.
John, thank you very much.
But that was on our website yesterday, one of our bedtime stories.
Yeah.
Which I brought in.
And it's a damn good thing I do bring him.
And you want to know why because our equipment here
our internet connection, everything here is screwed up.
It's really a piece of crap.
It's a crap shoot.
Yeah.
But Joe Costello is not the one that screwed things up.
He came in and told us that this morning,
while he and Carlos were giving us a lecture
about how Michael Jackson is not a pedophile.
And we feel very, very sorry for him.
I feel sorry for us.
That ABC News.
I mean, the price of gas is what?
About $75 a gallon now.
Not that they're exploiting this situation, you understand.
And we got the latest audio tape from Osama Yomama allegedly.
And we got the terror attack that may take place
as early as some time at the end of this week.
At the S in this week.
And what am I missing?
Oh, and Chicago got all this ground on Academy Award nomination.
Right.
And we're worrying about Michael Jackson's nomination.
Oh, that's for no reason.
Right. That's why I just said.
I would just say, I thought.
Well, I thought you were talking about the band.
You're going to start with that again with Peter Seterra.
He has a wife, you know?
Okay.
Let's see.
The new poll is up there already before I get back to yesterday's video.
We're getting away ahead of ourselves, which is good,
because we got that pain in the ass noon to one hour,
which really breaks our heart.
Then I got to go to lunch at mommy's today.
Maybe she can let out my pants.
I'm not making that story up here.
I know.
This is the same woman when I had a stroke years ago, 12 years ago.
Was that my house taken care of my dogs?
I had to force my way out of the hospital, drove myself home.
And the first thing that she says to me,
I got that pain in the ass noon to one hour,
which really breaks our heart.
And then I got to go to lunch at mommy's today.
Maybe she can let out my.
I like how she knows it for 20 years.
He's a great actor.
I just disliked the fact that he kept plugging that
Trish Vandervere because he was married to her.
And she was like 15.
He was plugged in a lot.
He was plugged in a lot.
Fletch, Chevy Chase, 15.
Jewels Winfield, Samuel L Jackson and Pulp Fiction,
which again, this audience has an obsession with Pulp Fiction,
because they've been told it's a really good movie,
even though it's just 15.
Khan, Ricardo Mothelbond, and Star Trek 2, 13.
John Torrance, Jack Nicholson, and the shining 13.
I mean, here's Johnny.
Igor, and young Frankenstein.
That could be Marty Feldman, could it?
Yes.
12.
Tommy, Joe Pesci and Goodfellas 12.
See, again, I mean, he was good.
Yeah.
But I thought Robert and I were even better in Goodfellas.
Right?
Yeah, over there.
Right down there.
Right down there.
But they liked him because of that.
He didn't want to use...
He didn't want to dress...
That's what I'm saying.
They liked the wise guy.
Uh-huh.
That's the male audience out there.
They liked the wise guy stuff.
They don't like...
There was a lot of wise guys in the godfather.
They didn't get it.
If somebody was saying, hey, these are much of wise guys,
they would like to better, I guess.
Fenced through, but played by Benicio Adeltero
unusual suspects, didn't see it.
12.
It was all right.
Dr. Evil, Austin Powers, only 11?
How's that possible?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Fletch was way up on the list.
Oh.
Down there.
Billy Jack, 10.
Do you know what that sound I just make?
I said it like Mrs. Wallace on passions.
Oh.
Betty.
And by the way, Betty, you're not getting me, uh, Louise.
That scene just goes, that guy to call the other day, he's right.
Goes on and on and on.
And Beth is standing in the corner, Eve's dropping,
and Louise's insured and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh, I can't live without you, but you have to.
No, how long?
And there's Beth.
Oh, goody.
Oh, crap.
Billy Jack, 10.
Mad Max, 9.
How about Billy Jean speaking to Michael Jackson?
What movie was he in?
Billy Jean.
Don't you remember Billy Jean?
And?
And?
Do you think that was a great movie?
Don't you remember Bing's?
Oh, the Legend of Billy Jean.
The Legend of Billy.
What happened to you, yes?
There was only out of here one day.
What happened?
It's nothing.
Lots of drugs after the show.
I see.
When I told him it was going to do the show,
he started popping all kinds of pills.
Red ones and yellow ones and blue ones.
Green ones.
Brown ones.
A Mad Max 9.
Neo from Matrix 9.
Bull Meacham.
Robert Duol and the Great Santini 8.
Now, that's a good choice.
I'm amazed that this audience,
the same audience that likes catty-checked so much,
picked Bull Meacham.
Or even remembered the four calls.
The name of the character had eight votes.
That was a good movie.
Of course, it had a cult following,
which means it was a bomb at the box office,
but it was a damn good movie.
What is it that you're doing with?
What are you, uh, patching around?
Log stuff.
Oh, don't be messin' with a log, mister.
Howard Beale from Never Not.
Now, that, of course, was my vote.
Howard Beale.
Now, how come the internet keeps goin' down here, Carlos?
Don't tell me that we're having more problems
with our damn connection again.
It is.
It is gone.
Huh?
It's completely gone?
My client, there it is.
73 votes.
I'll keep my eye on it.
I'm as mad as hell!
I'm as mad as hell!
I'm as mad as hell!
I'm as mad as hell!
Howard Beale had only eight votes.
Now, I'm gonna tell you, seriously.
Okay, maybe I'm the only one who likes that movie.
And seven other people.
But if Peter Finch, if that wasn't one of the greatest performances in the history of mankind,
I don't explain to me why.
How could you not love that performance?
And the little character.
A lot of people are having fun here at the same time.
You know, a lot of people are having fun here at the same time.
Right.
Oh, and speaking of bullshit, what's that one movie?
That was nominated for the Oscars, something Schmidt, what is the name of that movie?
About Schmidt.
About Schmidt.
I never saw a preview of it.
About Schmidt.
Isn't that what the show is about?
Right.
I guess it's a movie about the show.
It's all about Schmidt.
Man.
Howard Beale.
I'm as mad as hell!
I'm as mad as hell!
I'm as mad as hell!
I'm as mad as hell!
I'm as mad as hell!
I'm as mad as hell!
I'm as mad as hell!
Only eight votes.
Moses played by Charlton Heston.
And the tenth command.
I wanted it.
I thought it was Moses, our friend Moses, and it's Charlton Heston.
He would have gotten all those.
He would have gotten all those.
He had seven, but a lot of his fans forgot to vote for him.
And I know that was very insensitive.
Sorry, Ronnie.
Buffalo Bill sounds Lam's head only seven.
Raymond Dustin Hoppin and Rayman had six.
Dr. Frank Inferter from the Rocky Horror Picture Show 6.
Rocky Balboa.
Six.
Well, Stan's Field, Gary Olvin and the Professional Six.
Vincent Vega played by John B. Volton.
Pulp Fishing had four.
Also with four Frank Booth and his Hopper and Blue Velvet.
And John Ryder.
Who played?
Who was played by Rucker Howard and a Hitcher had only one vote.
I mean, at least he got the one.
I know.
Well, somebody must have called it in, right?
Right.
The guy who invented finger foods and he only got one vote in this poll.
Excellent poll, a mediocre result.
That's all I can tell you.
A little bit disheartened by your result.
27 after 9 at 5, 60 W at QAM.
If you're not feeling that great this morning because you didn't get a good night's sleep last night.
Now, part of the reason you didn't get a good night's sleep is you're worried about, you know, a bottle of water and duct tape.
And what's the other stuff?
This queen.
And plastic.
But maybe another part of the reason is your mattress sucks.
Get you a great new mattress from dial or mattress like I've been doing for years.
And Miguel and Georgia are catching on there doing it too.
They got the best mattresses in the world.
They got Ceeley, Serta, Sims, King Quill.
Every size and style on the best part of the deal is exactly the mattress you need and want is in stock right now ready for nearly immediate delivery.
And once you get it, you've got that 30-day comfort exchange period to try it out to make sure it's right for you and your back no hassles at all.
Delivery on parallel to the history of the delivery business.
You pick the day any day seven days a week and two our window ones convenient for you and they'll be there like magic.
So call 1-800 mattress right now.
No exchange fees, no craft, no BS in a row.
Every day little prices that are unbeatable on the finest mattresses ever made.
1-800 mattress for dial or mattress to answer for a perfect night's sleep.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out in the web if you have the connection which we don't at mattress.com.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Live in local, your sports radio.
Get you.
John Pearlet, the taxi driver.
Drought park.
You looked at me so quissically.
If I could tell, he was in a dark.
So I acted out my puncture in and with my arms the trees I made.
There's no buzz.
He speaks English and I'm on a run.
I went down to my young man bridge where the weather was nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Holtium Beamy's ass, not the end of what does that mean.
The butter sticks English and I'm all.
That's a cornered derby.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speak English, Mellig.
Are you think I'll back to Laird?
I came here many years ago to learn my ABC.
I don't say much is grossy is.
I said pretty great.
Don't get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now. Stop making this thing.
No but I speak English.
9.33.5.60 W.D. Kerem and the mad dog will be along at 1 o'clock.
Hank, the Humper in the studio today at 3.00 to 4.00.
Getting a little antsy for baseball season to start at Hermes Day that the other day.
7 o'clock should go pan through the majors and the Macarena.
At 7.30 we got the game as Alexi Kovala will be his first game back as a ranger again.
As their paper balloons up to $400 million they still won't make the playoffs.
Eddie Camp to the hockey game from G.A. and Joe and Mark overnight who are messing up our studio night after night.
Joe says he didn't do it.
Right.
He said the doctor told me he wasn't doing it.
Orange Alert says this facts.
Uncle Bill from Royal Palm Beach.
It says anyone caught sticking their hair pieces in the match.
Potatoes will be forced to do a low rating sports show in Miami.
PS the Carlisle bus driver is always late.
And obviously Bill ain't too happy about that.
Hey listen I mean that's what we're here for right?
To take that look at it.
I giri conduit for the audience out there in the real world.
102 votes on a pool and luckily we're getting you know every once in a while actually comes back on here.
What's your take on the latest bin Laden tape that was released yesterday?
What's your take?
Proves that Bush is playing it was hands 30.
It changes nothing 26.
All the more reason to attack Iraq now.
Now 23.
What me worry 16 and it's not him he's really dead.
Seven.
How do we know it is him?
I mean I realize that they have these experts, these voice recognition experts who analyze the tape like those tapes that we intercepted with the Iraqis talking to each other.
Right.
We know that those were real people.
Absolutely.
And there's no question about that.
Well what we got on the website today some pretty good stuff.
US had hit data hinting of Oklahoma bombing which is very disturbing.
By the way that was under the watch of Bubba.
So all you people all you Bush defenders.
We're not gonna blame him on that one.
This was under the watch of the FBI of course.
They just don't seem to get the you know they can't get it together.
Chicago tops Oscar nominees along with all that Schmidt.
What is that about Schmidt?
Well this one too this is somehow we missed this.
Sarasota woman charged with making terrorist threat at airport in Tampa.
A 30 year old woman has been charged with telling a screen or a Tampa international airport that she was a terrorist and had a bomb and knife in her luggage.
The FBI said Monday well at least the FBI got that on the control.
Silla S. Zoki S.C.O.K.E. 30 of Sarasota.
Which charged with providing false information regarding the presence of a bomb in a piece of baggage according to the FBI.
She was released Monday on $10,000 bond and it says here on the AP there was no telephone listing for Soki in Sarasota.
She don't have no phone.
Soki was a ticket at passenger's side and then when she told a screener she was a terrorist and had a bomb and knife in her baggage according to the FBI.
A day earlier the Bush administration raised the national terror alert for me on the orange which we know that.
Orange alert!
Just in case you've been sleeping.
Case you've been hibernating out of touch.
Here's another fact and there's still coming in with the movies by the way.
Which is okay that'll kill some good time.
How about the man with no name?
Well he did have a name.
Manko, the Clint Eastwood character in the Good Bandai Ugly.
Also a fistful of dollars and a few dollars more.
Manko.
Is that Manko?
I thought he was in Chicago.
Manko.
Do it in the morning shift.
Yeah.
I don't have any idea what that's all about.
Well there are Clint Eastwood obsessed.
I am a... I like Clint Eastwood.
My favorite Clint Eastwood movie was Play Misty for me.
Yeah.
That was good.
I like that better than Dirty Harry but they like Rituit as violence.
They like movies that have a lot of shooting, like health fiction, a lot of dead people, a lot of bodies.
A lot of Rituit as violence.
I don't think I didn't like Dirty Harry but I'm not in the same league with Play Misty for me.
He would just like a water or outlaw Josie Wales which had shooting and a good story.
Play Misty for me.
Now is... how many times have I seen that?
100?
At least.
Nobody ever talks about that movie.
That's a little close to home for those of us in Radio Do.
And what about her name?
What that was the name of the character just a broader play?
Somebody will know.
Misty.
No.
Poor Earl Garner, he's still dead.
He's rolling over in his grave thinking about that.
Play Misty for me.
And of course he had that real...
That the... so many things if you're in Radio about that movie that you love for example.
He didn't... he didn't queue up the record.
He just... he put the needle on the record and we got queued up.
Yeah.
Put the needle on the record on the turntable back in the days when we had records.
Ain't that remember that?
No.
While us all far it's due.
He just... he just reached over, put the needle on the record and bought a bing.
There was like, right off... you know...
Like magic.
Like a magic trick by Clint Eastwood.
It was just so many phony things.
It was almost as fake.
But at least it was a good movie unlike Talk Radio, Eric Bogosian, that piece of rap.
Or the... where the boardop is spinning around like he's like a dreidel in heat.
Like Linda Blair's head on a turntable.
Just spinning around.
Throwing carts and... oh, Mr. Cool, man.
Mr. Cool.
Well, at least we didn't confuse it with you.
Here's the fact that it says...
Doesn't it seem that we Americans are getting ready for our next fight when the last one isn't finished?
Iraq didn't blow up the World Trade Center with Al Qaeda.
Huh.
When or if we get attacked this week or next, it'll be...
Let's see, now... just because they're saying it's gonna be this week.
Do you believe that?
No.
In fact, I think every time that they say it's gonna be at a certain time, that makes it less likely that it's gonna be at that time.
But it says...
When or if we get attacked this week, it'll be Al Qaeda.
My concern is that in our need for revenge, after an attack, people become bloodthirsty.
Forgetting the real enemy and jumping behind the Bushmeister's war for oil.
Forgetting about bin Laden and the real threat to American safety.
Also, I'm the only one that wonders why it is that converts predicted attack, but can't stop on it.
Huh.
But anyway...
Well, that's a bit, but I'm just happy to be in there.
Nice timing, you'll thank you.
5-6705-60, we like to hear from people that are out there buying duct tape.
Bottled water.
This queen...
Right.
Plastic sheets of plastic.
Don't be spastic. Just go out and get some plastic.
That's what this queen is.
Oh, I see.
Oh, is it really?
Yeah.
I never heard of that.
And what do you do with it?
What do you do with it?
Oh my god.
I was close.
21-10, but I tell you this shows just zooming along here today.
Something must have happened here, really good yesterday.
Maybe it was a really good pull.
See, yeah.
Just consider yourself lucky that by the time I decided I was actually going to go and find out if I was still alive, that I started scratching.
And of course, Georgia's response, much like my mother, was unacceptable.
Oh, I think I've already done that one.
I noticed that didn't prevent you from doing it.
I didn't say that at all.
Yes, you did.
I think your head was in a fog.
I said we did psycho villains.
Not the same thing.
The point I was making was that it was not the same.
I don't look in Carlos.
Yeah, he's giving you a little evil taste.
He's giving you a little evil dirty look.
Well, maybe he's smitten our tight.
I don't know.
20 maybe go over there and work on that show.
Oh, and speaking of that, I was in a car with how they was it.
Yesterday, I guess going to the track on Monday night.
Oh, I punched over to the Schmidtmeister as bad.
When I say vintage Tampa radio, that's an understatement.
That show was so freaking bad and so predictable and so just, and the callers on their mates like, uh, Ditto heads anonymous all over again.
Sad.
You ever heard that show?
Not a second.
Don't.
Don't.
It'll scare the Schmidt audience.
20 to 10 at 560 WQM and guys, I want to tell you definitively they've done all kinds of studies they've determined.
That size really does matter.
You're talking to an expert.
And according to the Florida Department of Labor, computer professionals have really big impressive ones.
And naturally, you already knew this because we've done this about 50 million times.
We're talking about paychecks.
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and highest in demand.
And fast-tracking up, you achieve that new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
Fast-tracks got locations all over town for you. They're in Kendall.
Miami for Florida, Dylan Pembert Pines.
And they've got day-evening weekend schedule.
So there's no excuse to say any crappy that end job.
You want to start making some real cash?
You call fast-trained today and get all the information and how they can do it for you.
Call 1-866-Fast-Train.
That's 1-866-Fast-Train.
They've got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too.
Call them today.
1-866-Fast-Train.
Check them out in the web if you like it.
Fast-Train.com.
And don't forget, you can have a big one too real soon on paycheck.
Thanks to our friends at Fast-Train.
My life.
And look all.
This is Force Radio 560.
You ain't new, ain't you?
Beat that gator meat.
The TV show you are about to see is real.
Only the channel should be changed to protect the board.
Married with Dragnet.
This is the city. Los Angeles, California.
I work here. My name is Bundy.
Yeah, I'm in Friday.
And I'm a shoe salesman.
You had basically what they got.
Pretty much.
Something like, oh, what's happening over here, servers, like this?
oh no
i hate the old paper jam
i do like grape jam but i don't like the old paper jam
warning triggers are on disaster supplies somebody just facts me this from the uh...
USA today and in every other newspaper including the local ones
nobody's gonna have time to call us today you don't understand that don't you
because they're out there busy getting a duct tape
uh... vis queen
and uh... bottle water
bob water
warnings trigger run on disaster supplies mondays recommendation by the
department of home line security fact that i'm surprised he showed up today
he's
batting down a hatches got years and years worth of bob water in there
okay see we won't have to work as we got the freebies we got a little free food
they can bring in
we're gonna stock it up to the ceiling
anyway nice haircut by the way
uh... three days apply food water and medicine to have duct tape and plastic
sheeding to see a windows and doors appear to be taking hold around the country
what he said he hopes for feeling better oh thanks red and by the way nice
senior
the buying c-more intent who said i was feeling better
what he really means is he's glad i showed up today because we got a lot of
spot right
and i showed up today i'm a little better it's gonna take a week or two
but you look at me like it's gonna take a week or two before i'm back to uh...
my own self okay
yeah
and nothing but my hearts and good shape
and dirty
the purchases came amidst that of security around the country since friday when the
tear because i got it it's gonna take a week or two for the tailor to get
around a
loosening my pants letting him out of couplines just
because they're two sizes to small
now if you ever try where a pair of pants are with two sizes to small
constricts all a circulation in your body right and then it doesn't go to your
heart and your brain like uh... god only knows what the kind of things can
happen
doesn't go to your rectum kind of like uh... all those newspapers that went out
of business because of bad circulation
the purchases came amidst that of security around a country since friday when
the terror was right orange out of your
airports
random car searches continued most airports but at least three airports to
conduct a random checks many apple saint paul
c-addle and spoke and washington
c-I don't understand why it is necessary
for the news media put that in there i i i i mean i'm not gonna make any
difference what i say here
but why they have to put that in the u.s.a. today
i don't know
huh
in other words if you guys are thinking about going to an airport and like doing
some crap here are three good ones were the not really uh... doing heavy duty
checks
why is that
there are some of those are like three minor markets those are three especially
c-addle and many apple saint paul
right
anyway
bridges
borders just pages of this crap
the coast guard scrambled to search the waters of the
san francisco oakland bay bridge before dawn yesterday after a tugboat
operator reported the man wearing a wetsuit which was two sides of two small by
the way was buzzing around in an inflatable boat without lights after an intense
search no one was found see this this is and how come we're out here in very
much more about those cubans the acube in the defector postcard guys right
that will came up on true and a little boat the only thing we're here about it is
that one broad it says that the castor government owes her eighty trillion
dollars she's pissed off yet once again the boat right that's all we hear about it
and that's all we hear about it
and of course on channel four new so said it's not a couple of
the status of liberties and ice gift as a parting gift yeah
that was like seven million years ago on speaking of that did you see the thing
about the expanding universe yes i did okay
so now they say the universe is like what was it thirteen billion years old
right now i just i don't want to put anybody out of spot but how do you rationalize
that and of course they asked all of these different experts right scientists
about life and all these uh...
massive people after the uh...
Columbia blew up
about what they believe in life on other plans and they all said including a lot
of the former astronauts yes of course obviously
either now or some other time but no question about it right
how do you know how does that rationalize with all this mumbo jumbo in both the
jewish and goysha testaments in the bible that say that the world is five
thousand years old i've gotten very sacred
or saint maybe the other evidence the scientists are satanists the scientists are
flooding the world and the things that are made up that the panic why the
fossils were put there by satan probably on halloween right the readings that
the scientists are getting satan uh-huh okay
i'll be done everywhere
hundred and seventy-nine votes on the pool what's your take on the latest bin Laden
tape
what's your take on the tape
prove that bush is playing in his hands fifty people said that
it changes nothing forty six there's still uh...
although a reason to attack iraq now thirty seven
what me worry twenty nine it's not him he's really dead seventeen people say
that
i mean i put that on there but it's just i mean obviously everybody's got
opinion
but based on what how do we want to think he's dead
passage of time
always dropped all those bonds how could he not be
all the caves we blew up remember that
poor up in a cave right
wasn't that on the list for a boy
uh...
well here's a uh... jane all jane you are so chronic on the fact that's good
because we have any calls anyway
i haven't taken any heavy
well it's got a lot of stuff here to pump up on the ability to pump it out
we're busy wqa m
uh... money
you're yes
you forgot to let me on the guy think that
we're both selections are everybody's choices but i think you forgot to put
i don't care simply because i don't
uh...
well
sure glad that
he might have been a text from pop up the same pills that you were taking yesterday
you know that's a lot of calls what do you say these next to our spigot only
told you and then we got the big new to one hour it is
wednesday
alright exactly my sentence precisely
that was Miguel with the uh... treasure island promo
i don't know
speaking of wednesday
words but you have the spot that was up here before they took away
why didn't want to clutter up your reading area
i'm not going to be reading the the the only thing that's sitting behind there is
the temperature conversion guide
i don't want to be reading that because uh... you know when it says minus uh...
ten it's whatever it is it's about plus fourteen Fahrenheit
so i'm going to be reading that in here because then my mother along with my
pants being two sizes too small
will be bitching about how cold it is to turn on the should i ever go back to
anytime soon
but i'm going to freeze my talk us off you know
maybe if i do freeze my talk us off then they use a pants will fit and they
won't be two sizes to tight
okay lay it on a summer while i'm looking at jane's facts here to see if it's
worthwhile
the problem
she says charge did mention it was your pool in the survey to over and over again
all of the one
he's trying to stand back
and that it get you found them okay the over you brought his little
action here appreciative yeah you know i thought he'd be a other boat person
right
which boat we don't know
well i'm getting this fed up with the podium but anyway what's the a
promo say about fridge riley joh is going to be there and you know of course
to watch and make sure he doesn't do anything bad she's the feature
and
and
five to seven
of the same special
prizes me bokeh Brian Miguel you should be talking about jokas delos prostate
and private parts on the airbride we all we did that was the other summer show
series no wonder no one of the audience vanished chose issue was an issue
his issue was a tissue
yeah
but it's all better now are you going to do the promo for craze right now that
that was it
what else you want me to say i didn't hear who's gonna be there that's what they
want to hear now talking about you guys i'm talking about who's the featured
attraction with the big grotesque we have no particular feature this time
oh wow
the guy with the eyes will be that's uh... next week Friday maybe your good friend
they call him mr. ego uh...
two-packed house play by the way you're right Gilbert it's George they won't put you
on i'd love to talk
Georgia's father
in fact you and mark want to talk to you overnight
all night long
the way you recall your show they want him in the studio busy
what i tell you about him since he put on that wedding band he has never been
the same again
castellostan right behind the way
threatening to do bodily harm
don't just as meeting with mow and guilty by the way their brains storming tomorrow
morning show
tough had actually a good idea for tomorrow's poll
which i'll tell you during the break really good idea but we don't want to do
it today because then i'll start with suggestions
you people are out of control man but at least it keeps you off the streets and
then get that this queen
place to go before the world ends that's pop it up our kids when's that means it's
dollar-night a pop it up our kid get a draft your hot dog soda large-prensler
popcorn or a bucket piece
you want a good excuse to sneak an extra night to the track this is the month to
do it because during the month of february
the entire month pop it up our kids open thursday nights like tomorrow night
not only will they be open every thursday in February that's also ladies night
with two for one during specials and free bingo for ladies only with more than
a thousand dollars in cash and prizes so now we have this month live racing
five nights a week monday wednesday thursday friday and saturday first post
time seven fifteen with free general parking and free admission every afternoon
evening in between looking at the dirty pictures and there's somebody did mention
that Joe said on the year one time about something about pop it up park and
marked what you we can't talk about that on the year what does that mean about
your great your great memories are going to pop it up park
what was that all about you never been a pop it up park he's been to pop it up park
what about a hundred years ago yeah well don't talk about it for valentines day
this friday friday friday 14th of free five bottle champagne for each couple
of purchase the twin lobster tail dinner in the six floor top of the park
restaurant to be romantic dinner music and a free rose for all the women in
attendance plus free miniature horse rides for kids to monday madness at
pop it up park means every monday every monday night two for twenty five dollar
full-course dinner in the lavish top of the park restaurant and this saturday a
great racing second round of the two hundred and fifty thousand dollar
electric prepacing series featuring many of the top horses and drivers in
earth america red at pop it up park also the saturday free drawings to
invocation packages and ask on the Bahamas including round trip airfare from
fort lauderdale and a three-day stay at the crystal palace hotel casino
in the Bahamas pop it up park lots of action over here live racing tonight it's
dollar night to pop it up on power line road to block south of the nine
boulevard and joe castella wishes he could be there
my
and look at this is for 205 cities
asshole tonight on jerry's bringer it's the balance i'm addition
feel for yourself damn sweet you fix them up around my elk comeeena you duct tape
the door of the trailer you spade the dog you like a follow to the kids except the
jet throw acting knocked out your team i just love you i love you but i wish
you weren't a no good loser you ain't got no job and i'm tired you did a
lot to grids but add no and bring them down hookers home add no
well i'm working late at the diner he's not a hooker she's my sister that's
tonight on jerry's bringer damn it be over i'm gonna knock your
other two fans it's 1002 at five sixty W. come another one
those abrupt ending ones i love those keeps you on your toes George
so where do i go with jane's facts uh see listening at two p.m. yesterday in
colon policy they have the transcripts to a tape algae's here where
judges are ever see but the editor blah blah blah yeah
uh okay whatever you say jane i'm not gonna read some of these jane we love you a lot but i'm
not gonna read some of these paranoid facts is on here because everybody's got
theories you know conspiracy theory and this one's behind it and then
did i george tenets on it right now in the vanguard of this new world are
knowledgeable non-state purveyors of w.m.d materials and technology such
non-state outlets are increasingly capable of providing technology
and equipment that previously can only be supplied by countries with
established capability whatever that means you know what he just said no
nope but it sounded very impressive he was a lot of big words
218 votes on a pull we're gonna start taking a lot of calls here in a minute
aren't we if we get them because i heard that during but see when you make a
list yeah made you such an easy show yesterday was a piece of cake
showed up i said that yeah i mean because i had you do the show i'm very short
notice because i showed up here thinking i was gonna do the show i wasn't feeling
all that great and i thought well you know maybe i had like a silent heart attack
which diabetics sometimes gets silent heart attacks
which don't have the symptoms of a full-fledged heart attack did i have a silent
heart attack no i did not my heart is is a great is it's the solid is a rock
the quote dr. Bush he said you have a nice squeeze
but i think that he said that when i pants just about fell down when i was on
the treadmill he saw my that's when he said he had a nice squeeze i'm not sure
what he was talking about that's what he said he apologize for saying it
oh and i did six minutes on the treadmill which is very weak he said pudge Rodriguez
did 18 who has a much bigger rest than i do
pudge Rodriguez aren't too proud of that well even breaking a sweat 18 minutes
on the treadmill but like uh and carrying on a conversation you know
i'm standing there i'm huffing and puffing i'm just trying to continue on a treadmill to get my
pulse up high enough so they'll throw me back on a chair and take pictures of my heart again
and he's uh hey what do you think of the covalent trade and i mean hey dr. Bush you're a great guy
and a big hockey fan but i can't talk it like you were saying at the dentist they
did and dr. Gary uh what's his name my good friend my dentist who's a great guy dr. Gary
why does the same thing they put all that crap in your mouth and then he start to ask
any questions oh how you been uh everything they're okay like uh uh so where you're going to go
this summer you know and you got all this crap in your mouth they do that because they're sadist
you're another thing that uh speaking of sadist the nurses you know what they like to do
you know how they put like uh they like to do a heart monitor and they they the different
things where they put the adhesive on your chest okay they're going to do a suction
course well not not so they don't not these weren't suction cups these are like the little strips
all right and take them when they pull them off oh man i had the one the one girl yesterday very
nice she was great but she admitted that she was a sadist you know here and and she's pulling
out she's going oh and i'm saying i'm putting you a lot worse than it's hurting me i mean
yeah i'm used to it big deal but you can't get off and that's it and then you'll take two
don't forget your vis queen by the way cannis must macho vis queen or the dairy queen or this
whole queen that's going to be the poll question later on moth i'm off i had a good poll for tomorrow
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for rise on wireless line
here's Miami hello hello yes
i beg your pardon do you understand or head or oh head or head or i didn't understand it
five six seven oh five sixty we want to hear from people that are out there doing their duct tape
and stuff we want to find out if people are some uh so and of course if they are they're not
going to be have time to talk to us right you know it'd be good as some of those big bug tents
just drape one of those over your house and yeah yourself in there i see i don't understand what's
the date what is the plastic going to do when they release the toxic poison gas you know the
nerve agents well let me ask you this this of course also means we're going to have to turn off the
ear conditioning since they circulates from outside i just mentioned that i don't want to get
by panicky but it's not very it's not very sensible to like get bored off the whole house and then
start sucking in the air from the outside it'd be easier to just put a plastic bag over your head
that's a good i the rubber band won't feel any pain that way here's candle hello
Neil yes sir i just wanted to correct you on the age of the universe it's 13.666 billion years old
oh that's cute okay thanks thank you so much uh five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a t and t and Verizon wireless line where the hell are these people today they're
all at home depot i bet you anything stocking up on bottled water sterno can food gets and be
for only man that'll kill you if the radiation poisoning and abatialism and the anthrax if that
don't get you the chef boy already will i do like be for only though yeah every now and then you
can uh huh no i'm not talking about on a regular basis i'm saying like once in a great while
right you know they have a microwavable little things now they've had those for years
i mean what are you talking about now they have those now they have them now and they've had them
a couple years ago not a cut they've had those for like 15 years they've had those yeah even in
the drugstore they sell that crap and they're make believe food counter where you can die they don't
have any real food they have like right well what what the hell is that stuff like cracker jacks
right snack foods no but what's the uh oh i love it'll fattle much better much better much
they have boxes and boxes of that what are you looking at what's just happened it's just uh
everything's fun you just calm down he's just as bad as you get people out there he's going to be
out there buying uh fiddle fattle and plastic i'll tell you one thing when you're out there getting
your viscuing gets him fiddle fattle right it stays you'll be you'll be so happy you'll be sick
of course but you'll be so happy to be locked in you can't go outside i mean don't get like a crap
don't be buying a bunch of garbage like because most canned foods are like you know peas oh
mushy stuff anything that's canned is almost guaranteed to be mushy because it's been cooked and
recooked well here Miguel finally showed up with your promo for tonight and he's got his silly as
baseball outfit on looking like a real silly person like a real silly Cuban by the way pudge
ride rigas did 18 minutes on the treadmill with my doctor's office i only did six but that's
because his ass is three times bigger than mine joy and George we're happy our five to seven
tonight a treasurer island off the pomegranate just north of the 120 second street exit stop by for
prizes and drink specials and that's all it says it doesn't say see Miguel and bokeh brine and
who else Carlos Carlos will be there right and Carlos will give you the test all the
results from his blood test he's doing today my track list arrives were 78 by the way
I guarantee they're lower than yours guaranteed how much you want to bet i'll bet you 15 cents
against your next pay your check same difference my minutes after 10 at 5 60 WQ and blood
10 at the time is going so so fast we just don't have uh i feel rushed on Wednesday
what do you say we go to like three o'clock where do you think no man where
pridge round okay i bet you now they're gonna be are they're gonna be putting the ovis queen up
there too i'm sure they got just a giant ziplock bag they're gonna slip over the uh like a giant
condom all right see a good idea for that place hey guys valentines days this Friday and what
women really want this for you to put a little bit of thought and creativity into your gift for a change
this year express yourself in a fun original way and say it with a vermont teddy bear just
call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear counselor will help you choose from over 100 bears hand
crept in vermont and delivered in a delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card in chocolate
tell her she lights your fire with the new burn in love bear dressed like a honky fireman
with love tattoo on his arm or say i'm wild about you with a jungle love bear i heard that's what i
guilty got but that's where guilty doesn't get valentines they gifts because he's a real prick they
even have bears for a hobby occupation setting your vermont teddy bears a creative personal
alternative to flowers and be around long after valentines day to remind you of her to remind her
of you or whatever send a bear to the office that her co-workers can see how thoughtful the
romantic you're posturing to be overnight in valentines day delivery is still guaranteed even
though it's only a couple of days away but don't put it off do it now call 1-800-829 bear or
shop online at vermont teddy bear dot com this year say with a vermont teddy bear for valentines day
be sure and tell them that old neo with the dirty heart to any to call 1-800-829-BEAR
this is five cities radio your town
hi sir hello hello tabimo to the resident
who is this the maid no this is the wife Talia
i like to speak to Tommy metolia hello tabimo to the resident
raja no no no Talia
Talia let me talk to the devil please hold
raja why is it you got the phone
hello Tommy metolia speaking this is Michael Jackson you lost your job you lost your job
hey i didn't lose my job i stepped down well sure however you want to paint the picture
whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it but you lost your job
you know actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice what kind of nice to hear
anybody's voice what are you talking about
that's why mexican wife let me tell you it was cute for maybe five ten minutes a day
but if i got to stay home with her every day i'm going to go crazy you're getting your
just desserts Tommy metolia that devil all we do is eat mexican food
chimmy jungles burritos to stitos i got more gas and exonced and you deserve to have the bloat
listen Michael i'll resurface somewhere i'll start another label sure you will so you can destroy
the career of other budding artists are we going to Chevy yes honey we're going to Chevy thank you
very much all right oh jeez if it's not Chevy it's cheekies if it's not cheekies it's it's uh what's
that drive in place i don't know what you're talking about i called to be ray two and all i'm
getting is dribble and chimmy chang up
admitted i was the reason you were forced to be fired right i know because i'm very very very
devilish i want to live in america all right hey look Mikey i gotta go okay i gotta take
over to taco bell okay javis you want to come with us no i don't want to be seen with you
you are the devil so at this point i am finding myself having some sympathy for you
all right all right i gotta go there Mikey let me tell you something if i were to find right now
after neighborhood would go up
10 16 and 5 16 over here i'm the new inquireable i'm excited we got the tabloids 310 pound
rosy collapses lover battles to savor and here's a picture on the front page
talk about look at i think like that man oh man a giant in the former entertainment business inside
though there's a really interesting thing i don't want to get people nervous but the mystery of
america's first bio terrorist attack do you see this i saw it on the headline with you with
army surplus gas mask and a whole thing it happened 60 years ago during world war two and it's
still unsolved i like that anesthetic prouder on loose anesthetic prouder adds victim shocking headlines
in the local newspaper reflect the horror of the chilling attack in matune elanoi at top
misses burt kernie tends to a three year old daughter d'Orthe elanae victim of the attack now if
you were going to like launch a terrorist attack on the USA wouldn't you think matune elanoi
be a great place to do it first place i'd think of a small elanoi town is gripped by panic for
weeks is terrified residents become convinced they're under attack by a deranged bio terrorist
and suffered temporary paralysis and other painful symptoms it sounds like a horrifying event
rip from today's headlines but it happened almost 60 years ago during ww2 and an inquire investigation
discovered that this frightening little known incident has eerie parallels to the anthrax
bioterrorism that shook america and a chilling connection to the person of interest in those recent
attacks are you ready for that no just before labor day nineteen forty four residents of the
quiet town of matune population fifteen thousand eight twenty seven began reporting baffling gas
attacks as they slept in their beds the first bioterrorist attacks on american soil the victim has
been woman and children complain of being filled by a sweet smell of gas sprayed into their bedrooms
they suffered extreme physical symptoms ranging from intense nausea and blinding dizziness to burn
mountain lips and partially paralyzed legs the matune bioterrorist and it was never solved and
the recent anthrax attacks have completely baffled our nation's top investigators the FBI focused
their anthrax probe on scientists steven jadfilla worked at the bio warfare defense lab at four
deeter merlin the inquire learned that how you're gonna you're gonna are you strapped in yeah
the inquire has learned that had to went to high school in matune illinois and could very well
have known about this mysterious incident the perpetrator known as the mad gasser of matune
raised many questions in the minds of these shaken citizens was the gasser and enemy agent
testing in a weapon was the terrorist a twisted scientist riskate mental patient or could the
gasser actually be a figment of people's imagination spread by mass panic as some experts suggested
now don't you think it must be just a coincidence that he was the court he was born or he went to
high school in matune illinois this person of interest and then they're digging him up again
you know this last couple yeah yeah they're resurrecting that old lame thing five six seven
i guess a terrorist support vehicle over here at x on about five hundred bucks uh well it was
five fifty this week but uh you know i don't understand uh how uh everyone can think that bush
is not behind this uh gas price increase i mean if you got x on on a fourth quarter profit posting
over four billion dollars i mean how many just did i yes how can they expect us to you know
do anything else but go to war thank the lord that they're not exploiting all these horrendous
things that are going on in the possible i mean you know gasses are oils up to thirty five bucks a
bill which is very high but they're saying that these price increases aren't in any way justified
but it ain't stopping you know i'm saying just in case we have a real trouble with the war and
we lose the Iraqi world at center and so on well it's just it's just bushes propaganda war
machine pushing the americans toward war that's all it is okay and i thought i got to say i'll see
it the home depot okay all right this queen that's all you got to say anybody you see they just say
that'll look like a code they're speaking in code again
now it's not the time for tax cuts green span uh says oh he better dump me up i'm telling you right now
federal reserve chairman alan green spandard congress yesterday to restrain to refrain to cut it out
no cutting taxes while the threat of war hangs over the economy saying he's not certain the major
physical stimulus is necessary taking emitting a large multi-year deficit projected by president
and bush the central bank chief also made a strong plea for tougher budget discipline he said that
any future tax cuts should be budget neutral or essentially offset by spending cuts
so thank goodness that we got the economy under control
that we don't have gas people being raped by the uh oil companies and all of these things
and that the rich people are going to get another tax cut yeah if he has his way what you want
to go through i don't think five six seven oh five sixty pound five six did you see boba on
air with lyric king chastising him about you don't need the tax cut and i sure as hell don't need
it and lary said don't be trusted i was ahead they had them on again yesterday with the
way they were totally avoid with the joe judy would rough from CNN he's all over the place now boba
and i was thinking to myself how about four more years you know and this time keep and culture and
the rich and melonscape and all the right wingers keep them busy doing something else you know
like playing with each other yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty i guess this
audience don't have too much share thoughts about all this history that's going on and buying
they're they're busy they're buying gas and uh they're plastic well they must be loaded then
if they're buying gas you think this would be good for us they won't be driving nearly as much
because they can't afford to waste all the expensive gas and they got to stay close to home
here's for a lottery oh hello hello yes sir yes i yeah jerry how you doing okay jerry
did anybody watch that mark shoe macher on how to seal up a room i guess you didn't right
i beg your pardon mark shoe macher this sounds like Reverend Jones again no no i never called it
i've left you 15 years i've never called uh-huh but listen to this what are you talking about jerry
what am i talking about this queen and the duck tape uh-huh
you take your room you pick out a room max shoe macher from network remember him
oh yeah you sit oh i'm sorry go ahead keep keep keep going jerry it's getting really intriguing man
i'm trying listen you'll like this okay seal up the room your vents turn off their condition
yet it has a fire guy with him there showing him how to do it you seal it off like a tomb and it's
only good for five hours after that you've got carbon dioxide and you want to die anyway oh
oh jeez well it's not a well worth all i have for them is it now you might as well
open up to windows and watch tv okay i'm gonna do it right now let's open up the windows and watch
tv oh i bet you he was from a two-year linoe anything that guy at least went to high school there
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line a lot of calls today not
man it's pretty desperate here's a lady in Kendall hello i knew yes man this is so stupid in the
first place they were if they got the viz queen or plastic they will put it on properly
and uh... it's just a force it's just another uh... it's like the hurricane when they start that
preparation they overdo it uh-huh what do you think i think okay just wanted to put my word in
okay tend to get out of the bed now okay let's see later get out of the bed
five six seven let's go back and do some more of those movie characters that you did yesterday
that gave it that great pull because we're sure dying here today i have no idea why you think that
these people certainly have something to say about all these things but they don't they don't
they don't want to the screen read a banana or move to like uh-matoon ill-or-oil see how bad
much of a thing it's not gonna happen there again because they'll be watching for it
how about how about mithuan where how is mithuan is it like in
Pennsylvania somewhere oh no i've heard there is a town how about like a
connected the i still think that'd be a safe bet sure even the people live there don't want to be
there uh lake forge oh i could name a lot of little
they take the little the dinky places though uh-ane tree it'd be good
and entry it's hard to get there you got to take the cool uh-uh-uh-uh-wasi river
knocks the rentals and draw your man you couldn't find that if you had a man
exactly shelby montan would be great right now all those orange heads be done nobody
needs to be here's islam arama hello hey how's it going new okay sir
yeah one of your few of your few hasten listeners here all right i don't know if you have
the same luck today but you know how your favorite station channel seven has one of their many few
late breaking stories yeah oh Monday they they had a late breaking story about governor uh
uh what's is that what's the governor of minnesota again uh jesse ventura jesse ventura at the one
breaking story that you know he's in the hospital for some kind of blood plot he had somewhere
and then they go to break and come back and they apologize because the the story was seven
months old uh-huh well i guess they wanted to kind of like lump it in there with john kary and the
prostrate cancer and the bob graham and his heart to have been cut in half and whatever they're doing
and they just want to lump it all into together i guess if i were here hot how could i get
little bit uh cd there how can you get one yes order right off our website ghost dealer computer
i'll get onto a website and order right off of there matter fact i'll still one bring one for
Carlos and your all right we can use one make sure it works by the way because our is not worth a
crap thanks i do see you month five six seven oh five sixty last this is it this is last time though
if there's any day in my life they didn't want to come in here and bake for phone calls this was
gonna be the day you know and it's just uh sad they must be they must literally be out of the bed
they must be scared crapless you and resolution rise as often you win the international atomic
energy association your resolution declares no free and breach of you and unspriced yeah and shocked
can't imagine why i hate that came out john don't you just i hate that i hate that damn barzini
i hate that damn barzini is that what he said something like that don't be saying that on our show
again sentino is that who said that was that his line who said remember we get the book
or was it Carlo might have been carlo it's been so long yeah i gotta watch it again hey carlo
let's go to Vegas what do you say commences got the tickets he's in the back seat
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen ten for rise in line favorite
characters from my movies uh nineteen uh silent movies huh up to nineteen twenty nine
hey speaking of old parts if you're a fat old fart even if you're young like the beast how do you
lose the way you know everybody wants to pedal you on this diet and all these magic pills and all
these potions and drink this crap over the weekend guess what that's not gonna do with the job
look at the beast if you got a strong stomach he's lost about fifty pounds have at your
over fifty pounds way ways in on Friday balance for life is the way to go you ought to yourself to
try this if you try to say another way to lose weight and have been successful this very well
might do it for you because you don't have to count any calories it's as simple as can be
no carbohydrate counting no shopping no cleaning no worries all you do is fill out the little menu
to give each week you pick between two choices for each meal which consists of three delicious
gourmet meals and two delicious snacks they're in your little black sack and they bring your sacked
to your house to your office where we want by six in the morning every day and there's your
food for the whole day we're not talking about pigeon-like sizes we're talking about ample sizes
of delicious food everything fresh to keep you full all day long and the way just pours off your
body you'll have a big smile on your post if you want to do as well as the beast are probably
even better let balance like take our all the details for you call them right now find out what
it's all about and get yourself in shape again nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine
is the number to call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out of
the web if you like it balance for life dot com i'm be sure to tell them the beast
toward it to call
we're sports radio five six eight
you a m
the god
yo the learning channel and mtb have hooked up to bring you the freshest new decorating show
trading cribs this week snoop dog and saline deon redecorate each other's bedrooms
okay saline the first thing we're gonna do is we're gonna take down snoop's horrible
ceiling fan oh no the mr dog he sent to me touch my ceiling fine and i will pop a cap on you
trading cribs watch music's biggest stars shine and sand and paint so snoop what should we do
with saline's bedroom yeah check it out i think we need to paint over that big old picture that
battle bowl cracker with the white beard yeah but that's a mural of her husband Rene say what
damn i know trading cribs will snoop dog be out wowed by what saline's done to his beloved bedroom
okay mr snoop i hope you like what i have done yes okay you're opening your eyes now
wait wait hold hold up hold up where my where my dance ceiling fan and get over here
come here mr dog can you know i can't go miss trading cribs right after tll total redecorate live
i beg your pardon it's not even on the bridge 10 33 at 5 60 w to come so anyway what you're going on
and about it's not on the bridge you honest know what you're talking about fox news is showing
uh well they were showing oh we got car eleven suspicious truck stopped on the york city white stone
bridge it said i don't even know where the white stone bridge is do you know i never heard of the white
pretty big bridge though was it well the pretty big city but anyway there's a suspicious truck that's
been stopped and that's all they're saying right now and i would go back to whoever this guy is who's
this guy what i just want to talk to my side wow chief of urology at the john's hopkins hospital
he's talking about prostate cancer surgery of the offer john kiri okay g. oh don't you feel like a
little overwhelmed that's why these people are like hiding under the bed it's like overwhelming
everybody who wants to run as a democrat now is coming out with some horrible disease
bob uh grams heart is like in the 16 different parts
that that that operation already was done and they already do it or my wrong
huh i think they did that because the doctor told them your heart is 30 but other net
it's done it's done just we're a carlos to you're a little bit too hyper today
just calm down a little bit relax into the world is coming
you why not try like a box of chocolates for Valentine's day you might actually like it
by carlos and chocolates he will eat him then we will 312 votes what's your take on the latest
bin Laden tape it changes nothing now you two changes nothing prove that bush is playing right
into his hands 82 see i don't understand because it says on the tapes supposedly that he calls
Sodom who's saying a desperate he calls him an infidel what proves it to me well
so infidel me anyway all the more reason to attack you're back now 72 what me worry 41 and if not
him he's really dead 25 out of 312 votes suspicious truck stopped on New York cities white stone bridge
you're playing actually back to the steam who's the uh and this guy they got the schmatte head
on there talking about the john curries prostate cancer surgery here's coralsprings hello
Neil yes sir i just want to tell you if you want to know what a white stone bridge is it connects
the Bronx and Queens okay that's where it connects it runs the three bridges that connect the
Bronx and the vis Queens yeah it's the tri-barrow the white stone and the throx neck this is the
one in the middle all they're doing is they're showing a truck and they got the like a big toe
truck in front of it and just sitting there and that's about it and it's not on the bridge it's
near the bridge okay but i just want to let you know thanks for the good news you got it bye bye okay
there they are they're like a truck now what what makes it suspicious what it's white it's white
you know it's a white and plain yeah yeah yeah it looks pretty suspicious to me rectangular kind of a
brexy rectangular right yeah reading and glad to get on i see they they're trying to walk and
chew gum at the same time okay and you notice every step they take they take a little tilt further
to right oh that's right it's Fox News yeah look it looks like they're walking on like on a list
by the way good luck with your test results today carolus don't forget i want the
triglyceride numbers 78 that's your you're never going to beat that i'm telling you he didn't he
wouldn't know a triglyceride number from his ass well neither would i for that better 78 you know
how good that is for an old family like me it's great it's great his be what should a young
family know a guy like 65 75 something like that certainly under a hundred if you're a triglycer
first of all he doesn't eat anything he doesn't like chocolate doesn't need that
crappest triglycerides probably going to be like 50 he's on that black crow's diet remember we
have that bit yeah nutritious moral broal cigarette for breakfast black crow's here's a call from
bokeh as we continue trying to sort out all the uh there just too many things going on you
you don't want to cave in and just give up here's bokeh hello good morning yes sir i want to talk
a little bit about triglycerides because i have a problem with them and i want to know what creates
the problem with them uh blood pressure is normal sugar is good uh 111 uh what is what is making
my triglycerides out of whack and i don't eat any crazy uh well what i ask you this why would you be
asking a fettled fart like me i mean because a fettled fart like you seems to know uh everything
about your diet and your weight and your own favorite shape and was it the doctor all day is to
well i mean what are you eating are you eating like a lot of crap no i'm telling you right now i don't
have any crap in my house to eat other than you know fresh fruits and you know green cereals
and things like green green cereal like lucky charms no no no well so well what's your
triglyceride number it's uh in the 90s well what's wrong with that that's excellent is it anything
under 100 is sensational okay well i i was a little bit we said when i thought you were going
to tell me was 300 with it if it's like in a hundred like 300 for it then there were 250
then subat number now let me ask you anything under 100 is outstanding just because your
brain is good as mine i mean you know well of course i want but what causes that what causes what
you know that triglycerides to go up eating a lot of sugar and starches and crap
yeah i don't know but yours is 90 i'm trying to tell you you should keep doing what you're doing
okay and no lucky charms okay okay goodbye see i'd help this guy out he thought that he was like
he's panicking over there everybody's panicking not us we're calm aren't we
although there's a very suspicious looking truck and now they got it over there on the snow
and they got to pull the truck off to the side and there's a big ass tow truck
a big yellow toad just a regular pedestrian tow truck kind of thing like tow pedestrians away
and it's just that that's it there's nothing going on there's like nobody near it now maybe there's
afraid something it was like three blocks from the bridge yeah well maybe maybe it's good they
got it before got to the bridge look like it was aiming in the other direction maybe they're like
a bunch of liberals on it which is why they got it on fox news they're going to like tow them away
we won't see them again can we go to like a real news network on here instead of that crap oh here's
this guy again John Kerry discusses surgery can't it's in PSA is a blood test it's made by the
prostate if the cancer has been completely eliminated the PSA test should be undetectable and I
would expect it to get to be an old fart like me every year have that PSA test I was 2.9 not
two bad senators sometimes it's like 1.9 it kind of like it fluctuates if it gets over 4.0
then you stuck in a little bit concerned if it gets to be really high then you've got to go what
does that actually stand for PSA yeah public service and I do that I don't know see this guy's
asking me by track glycerides and you're asking me the what I want to know what those PSA test
stand for like an expert name I just picked your own health no but exactly like a picture of
how fat old queen like me you're a metal if his queen had lots of procedures I'm an expert on
how you get sick because believe me I want not to do I just got to tell you I don't know what it
stands for somebody will call in tell us that too I don't know and what and what differences
and make what it stands for you want to be getting ready to post how when you get your blood test
Carlos used to young for that all the way you never know but like after you're like 35 or 40
every time you get your blood taken like every year whenever you want to have the PSA test on to
can't hurt that's what John Kerry said 24 11 at 5 60 prostate specific
see I have part of it that's what it means I feel better now no no you don't because it doesn't
make any difference what it stands like a menace medical lingo lingo jingo ma van lingo mongo
it means nothing to us mumbo jumbo all I do like good gumbo I don't like that in the
world and food too spicy if you have irritable bowel oh spastic colon see one good thing about
all these terror alerts and all these horrendous things that everybody's got plan for us around the
world if you got all these health problems you have to worry about it that much more speak of that
if you do want to do something about your health problems if you're fat if you're big fat you look
like crap like I know believe me I sit in the mirror every day just just all this oozing fat
and you're also one healthy although my doctor said my squeeze is very good but if your fat here's
a great story you enjoy shopping especially if you're on the atkins or any of the low-carb store
the lights of west bokeh the entire store is for you 600 plus delicious low-carb food products
this way check out the new low-carb tortilla chips and original or pico gallop flavor by carb
sense and with a great tasting no carb ruchetta by Walden farm you put these two together and you'll
be in schnackevin or put them separately or put them wherever you want and whether it's carbolite
ice cream breads chips muffins cheesecakes pasta and sauces the lights of west bokeh the place
and you can try anything in the store before you buy fat rich was telling me about the curvilite
ice cream at the track Monday night you said it's really good stuff and maybe you can be as healthy
as he is if he'd enough of it at Delights the staff knows their stuff they know the atkins that
topped the bottom inside and out they're open every day seven days a week 10 to 10 and at Delights
you'll find the most complete line of atkin brand products anywhere and here comes the best part
unlike the gas stations that are ripping you off always 25% off all day every day so if you're
on any low carb diet in the world here's the number one sugar free story anywhere the lights of
west bokeh on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to the Boston market or call 1877
low carb check them out on the web if you like it low carb calm don't forget there's only one
the lights of west bokeh it's your official atkins retail center
on MTV's hit TV show becoming average kids spend a day live in the life of a music celebrity
but what happens when those same kids return to school the next day find out on MTV's new show
becoming unpopular uh becoming little bawa was a dream come true but the next day at gym class
everyone call me loser boy and watch my uggies down in toilet watch the becoming winners turn into
losers on MTV's becoming unpopular after i reenacted christina aguilar's dirty video all advice in
algebra class has turned root photos of me from the internet luckily i got monon i was able to
stay full for the rest of the semester this week watch Arnold underwood get an atomic wedgie
drink soccer practice after becoming air and citer it's all part of becoming unpopular on
MTV several criteria high symbolic value mass casually severe damage to the u.s economy the
maximum psychological trauma and then over finally it gets into thanks to ted kennedy
give this already for a nice uh delicious lunch i go out and eat a lot if i were you when you
go out and right now you got to bulk up yeah you don't know you're ready for the impending
disasters but i would say fatal mistakes as the globe as we look through these tabloids this week
right on the front cover there Columbia tragedy they're last surviving they're last to
terrifying seven minutes inside the shuttle and it's got pictures of course of these streaking
all the different pieces of the Columbia zooming across the skyline fatal mistakes how human error
and budget cutbacks led to loss of seven brave souls i think they're ever in their final report
gonna actually admit that no even though lots of other people are saying that's what it was
even though even though we had the warnings about the oh rings before the challenger you know
again that ice iceing up business but don't confuse the public with the facts because they like
the hearts and flowers aspect of these stories and the media is very you know that's what they
emphasize on it's just not the right thing to say is that you know we sacrifice seven people and
we just basically killed them that's not that's not a good thing to say especially during these
trying times five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
lady and sunrise hello Neil yes ma'am i'm serious this morning and i just got up i beg your pardon
i'm serious this morning well i'm serious too i just got off the phone with my daughter from
north carolina she just returned from Vegas right you know how women change their
purses they use you know different times they have different packets so she emptied out her purse
found a pocket knife a silver one yeah yeah that she's been at least on eight on a plane eight times
with a pocket knife in her purse and it went undetected how about the box cutter
she said i was glad that she was the one that had the pocket knife
uh-uh-uh-uh makes me feel real safe this is incredible Neil yeah well they put it on a good
dog and pony show for us but it's a look at a smear and i still say when you look at the people
who are doing the checking at the airports forget about it well let's take a look at them
they're supposed to go to australia and now she doesn't want to go she doesn't feel safe on an
international flight well not only that but well of all the places to go why would she want to go to
australia well they're on the list they're on the schmittless believe me
russ morks through xerox or um not xerox i be him and they're sending him there
hmm this summer but she's very skeptical now i mean this is disgusting i just can't believe it i
don't fly a lot myself but for the people that are boring these planes thinking they're safe
i never i never thought that i mean i you know because i see the way that they're doing things
and they always seem to pick me out and they check my belt and they check them we take my shoes
off and they're looking at practically doing a cavity search i just don't think that and plus
i'm such a regular flyer uh they should they should already have a profile by now they should know
that i'm not dangerous to anybody except at the food counter well they stopped algor too remember
you're right okay good luck good luck yeah you'll need it so she's not too confident right there
that lady a lot of the rest of you folks that fly they get on these commercial flights and you
look around at those people the screeners and you say i don't think so and you watch the behavior
you know how they get bogged down talking back and forth and just like that little boat
in San Francisco the little dinghy and it always is like the people in the airport
and like they vanish in a thin air maybe it sunk no no seriously i mean how is that possible
how is it possible if they're really paying attention if they're really and of course we got to
have these big tax cuts so we can't afford the kind of budget we need for real homeland security
that's what it boils down to well we got the patriot act we got homeland security right
five six seven we're not on fox anymore we're back on the other case we're quick talking at cramp
here's four-letter day hello nail yes sir hey that truck in New York they're looking at is that a white
rectangular box truck yes talk we were when we think that that could be i just counted 10
made me pretty nervous a big white truck in fact you remember back when we had all the shootings
going on at Malvo pumpkin that other guy remember that they kept saying that they were in a white
trunk and a truck and a white van yeah turn out to be nothing to do that they were in that beat-up
old Chevy should we be calling Rick Stan Chad to cover the thing or what oh he's gonna cover it with
a blanket okay he's he's hovering over right now he's hovering over the bridge that's another
reason i never turn on msnbc until two o'clock i know the coast is clear so i can watch your pat and
bill press bill press yesterday by the way is great he really just cut loose i mean talk i just
about all of these things you know about this whole war on a rack thing and the administration
and the coal and power business he's one of the few people in the mainstream media if you can
call him that there's actually a total like it was and then and got a hint into him and he did a
public that they're buying it they're buying it we believe you and then again they take this tape
yesterday this uh been a lot of tape and they spin that into something that it certainly doesn't
sound like to anybody but a brain when he's talking about the fact that uh Sodom is a uh
uh infidel i mean Sodom's not a religious fanatic he's anything but right plus he ain't the right
religion anyway no rag on his head no no no shmata head look at that sloppy mustache he's got and
they go to college big fat sea guards he's popping on they hate him right but i hear i hear
they're in bed together as well i'm right don't forget join George for happy our five to seven
tonight at treasurile and located off the pulmato just north of the 120 seconds free exit stop by for
prizes and drink specials i bet your bucket brides gonna be there and the gal and uh
carls and carls and a bunch of other very very horny people what the hell is uh well i'm not gonna
even ask here here it's north Miami hello hello yes sir this is me yes me i wanted your opinion on
the middle east a little something that hasn't brought up in the news um you'd like wait a minute
you'd like my opinion on the middle east no i will the question i'm about to ask you what is your
opinion on all of our content rated troops in one small place as far as um you know being vulnerable
with all those troops and if they do have nuclear capability how come they wouldn't do it right
there and make us look bad and and give us the blame yeah well uh he's already said that whatever
capability he's got he's gonna use it if we invade he's got nothing to lose at that point
that's what i'm saying is what if he does it in his own territory takes out a lot of our special
special forces troops right that's not bad because everybody else thinks we dropped the bomb
and what's gonna have what do we have left for north career by the way that's what yeah
something to think about and for the fight against terrorism which i thought it was what this
was all about it isn't i thought that's what we were doing is fighting the evil dorsh the real
evil dorsh and these other small potatoes that we could like deal with the you know we can keep
him under a microscope for years if need be while we're taking care of important business and
another thing i don't understand while George tenet is up there a testifying in front of congress
from the CIA uh they keep telling us about all these uh al-Qaeda individuals that we have not
uh you know not necessarily sells but these individuals that they're following and monitoring
now i realize that they're gonna say well you know if we keep following them they'll lead us to
others and so on but why aren't they in custody right because every time we arrest a bunch of
these people it it disrupts whatever planning that they're doing right right but they're not doing
that unless maybe they're not following anybody no well that that's what they're telling us
well i'm convinced in addition to which this morning i start out on the news by saying well
there's a whole bunch there maybe hundreds of al-Qaeda operatives in the country that we don't even
we're not even on to yet well surprise is if that is a shocked anybody are you shocked
i'm dismayed and dismayed but you got a good deal on gas i go out there and gas up right now
gas up your SUV like that first guy for the weekend it's not that far away if we're still here
there's George Tennant looking back with a confused look on his push it's country uh well
Iranian officials have contended that this step has been undertaken to address civilian energy needs
always that Olympia still remain who said that they found out about the orange terror alert uh in
the news media she said the federal government did exactly do a great job in informing the officials
around the country in the 50 states because the people in Maine found out about it through the
news media they heard about it on CNN uh but we do understand we are taking these things seriously
you understand that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 t line i'd tell you
the result of the pull right now if this uh thing shows up again here there's the clock
there is the time i'm looking on my home page here and there it says done on the bottom you know
what's in between the clock and where it says done on the bottom nothing a nice white screen well
little it'll show up on there again uh how long is this gonna go on here all day perhaps
maybe it's sabotaged you thought oh there it is 279 votes what's your take on the latest
bin Laden tape it changes nothing 114 proves that Bush is playing it with hands 100 all the more
reason to attack Iraq now 88 what me worry 47 and it's not him he's really dead 30 30 people are
lots smarter than we are which ain't saying too much hey i'll tell you one thing you don't have to
be a genius to call dry concepts all you have to do is be somebody wants to have a great looking
house if you want your carpeting looking just like brand new no matter how soiled and mildewy and
crappy it may look right now dry concepts will come to your home and dry clean your carburettes nobody
else in the world does it it's an exclusive patented method that's why i've been using it in my house
for well over 20 years now and everybody else i know that's got any intelligence uses dry concepts
because they know just like i do that you can't get a better deal all the way around first of all
as far as prices concerned it's always a fair price and they guarantee that they give you a
written guaranteed price up front before they start doing the work they dry clean your carpets they
make them look and smell just like brand new lemony fresh and then they're dry in a couple of hours
you're ready to rock and roll again and they also do a stupendous job of cleaning your upholstery
and your leather furniture your drapery whatever needs to be clean if you have pet odor problems
mildew odors from water damage they'll make all that stuff go away like with a magic wand so if
you want a stupendous job every time at a guaranteed fair price do yourself a big favor and call
the best in the world dry concepts column tool free 1-800-248-5071-182-248-5071 or just
log on to their website at trotconcepts.com don't forget with dry concepts you clean today and you
can entertain tonight
wait up
chill out little Georgie chill out
the people have been pulled and this is what you've been told about two to one they don't want
for so much plans on hold wait up little Georgie
hold up little Georgie well why don't we try to get old Simon why don't we get
a little bit more
what we gonna tell the world and they say no more what we gonna feel Georgie
yeah
hold up little Georgie
we know Saddam is really a big threat
but no one wants to see world war three yet
wait up little Georgie chill out little Georgie
we ought to stay home
wait up little Georgie wait up
chill out little Georgie chill out
before you send our men be sure to count to ten
before you blow the crap out of your rack please listen to the you and wait up
little Georgie
hold up little Georgie
wait up little Georgie
let them all create five sixty-one
so somebody factors mean Molly Ivens great column from my Sunday the only problem with that
causing up to the fringe right the only problem with that is we headed on the website on Monday
huh see these people don't understand I appreciate very much them
fixing me the stuff but we're on top of it man I'm scouring it
and what's on it and another problem is that they're not checking a bedtime stories on our website
which is very depressing to me too they ought to be they ought to be every single day
because unlike before when I was wasting all the valuable airtime reading bedtime stories
which the audience obviously does not want at all so I don't have to do that anymore because they're right on our website
and you know anybody with a brain if they don't have a computer like that Haitian guy they go out and you know it's the one burrow one
go to the library go to the library go on the internet every day this should be like part of your homework assignment
I mean forget what what I have to say what all the we know you know George knows nothing I know less than nothing
we know nothing there's Robert Bird
he knows that he just celebrated his three hundred and forty second birthday
and he's just barely remembers those days when he used to walk around with those white cheats on
yeah Bobby this world Bobby
and we're going to step away at the party
Senator bird is about to expire right there right on the floor of the US Senate
O'Cole and Tal is a Bapa Baga now is the hearing now before the House International Relations Committee
Oh and he's Henry Henry Hyde when I broke up the emergency that parole seventy three will go on what's this now?
the leader there right now you that's the one he's hiding it uh... second Thursday Colin Powell and he's just now beginning to see very interesting remarks
how how how does he know that that they're going to be very interesting if he hasn't said him yet
birdie not that the news is slanted or tilted is a CNN by the way finally to make sure that that was the same guy that missed
uh... pronounce Gary Puckett's name the final part of the resolution clearly said Leon whatever's name there are new
material breaches further material breaches mean you know that's how his voice is cracking out he's getting so desperate to put it over
as it must then serious consequences will do every member sitting in the council that day and all their
capitals understood that serious consequences meant if Iraq did not take this last chance this last opportunity no more chances you've had it that's it
here comes la bomba baby what are you laughing about he did a magnificent job of peddling bullcraft to the American public
miss it all he he looks so uh... authentic and he said the reasonable guy you know
and he really knows his crap he would they did it money
are you questioning the veracity of secretary of state again yes here's a fact from one of our ronik
or chronic factors who says have you ever seen North Korean president Kim Jong-il Jong-il
and martyell in the same place
also the actual mark which was watered down by the press by linden johnson about your old
forward was he can walk in part at the same time
but you know you and those days you certainly couldn't say would be very presidential to say he can't walk in
part at the same time he could walk and fall at the same time or like a horse maybe could walk in
Schmidt at the same time and say I was just trying to fart you know
it's just kind of like slipped out five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty and
t and for eyes and line mad dog at one the hopper at three
should go panther preview at seven of panthers and arrangers with the licey kovala
seven thirty from the macarena any interest no
any k after the game and july mark overnight
here's corals brings hello
yes sir
i had to talk about popular harness track that good place to go
i beg your pardon
is that a good place to go popular harness track i would go there what does that mean is a good
a good place to go what is that i'm gonna go there tonight are you going tonight
no i'm not no i'm not that's a good reason for you to go go and have a good time
Brian serious baby but Brian serious plunger guts out just take a bag full of money
Brian serious Bruce Ranger Bruce Ranger Brian serious wants to create while walley hennessey
when he's in the right world not even grim please five six seven oh five sixty pound five
me here we are here's colon powell up there here senator bird who's on a verge of falling asleep
in front of the uh... u.s senate
we got all these people running out to buy bottle water and the viscreen
and this guy wants to know his pompato park a good place to be and will i be there
oh good god almighty
here's some rise hello
yes sir
i'll see your new ecology for one thing but i want it i was listening to what you said about
if they know about these alkyte people are they not arrested
i work for credit reporting agency and one of the things that they now
check off is a thing called an oh-fack report which is kind of like an
undesirable whether it's a money-laundry or illegal alien potential terrorist thing
and i'm not going well if they can identify right
why are they still here why are they you know i don't even i mean
it puzzles me why are they all done in glontanama with the other scumbags if they have a list
i mean why haven't they picked these people up i mean why do you know so
but the reason i called was my wife and i were living in norse state we tried
florist again it is good we we went back there i mean we had
stopped going when it changed ownership right
right johnny and joe and i'll tell you it's just as good when you were in iody
may i hate to say it maybe better maybe even better they brought us food a couple
we saw it was sensational it was i mean we we took it to go um and they have beer
wine again which is good too okay we we took it to go let me ask you how many free meals are
you getting for making this call you know not i have a problem with that but i'm just curious
i'm not what you should be should get a discount on the next meal i just like to see that
that my area where i live actually comes back i mean you got slake it down there now you've got all
these restaurants coming on this game so hopefully 79 street will come back to excellent okay thanks
thanks see you florist five six seven say how does sunny in the market too five six seven oh five
five sixty on the 18t and for rise and wireless my mind line in order to get started who's saying
off the hook okay i can't can't do it Sally you hear that he said can you get me off the hook time
for all times sake that's what he said he heard you talking about the godfather yesterday
better get with it mister hey speaking to get with the guys valentines day is only two days away
it's this Friday and what woman really want to speed up a little bit of thought and creativity
into your gift this year express yourself in a fun and original way and say what they've
just called one eight him and eight two nine bear and a friendly bear counselor will help you
choose from over a hundred bears handcrafted in Vermont delivered delivered in a colorful gift box
with a free card and chocolate tell her she lights your fire with a new burn in love
bear dressed like a honky fireman would love to have two on his arm or say i'm wild about you with
a jungle love bear they've even got bears for her hobby or occupation sending you from
Montana bears to create a personal alternative to flowers will be around long after valentines day
to remind her of you sending a bear to the office that her co-workers can see how thoughtful and
romantic you are as a swell idea too overnight and valentines day delivery still guaranteed so
call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online at vermont teddy bear dot com this
you do it the right way the smart way say it with the vermont teddy bear for valentines day
and tell them that federal of neal tourney to call one eight hundred eight two nine be a
my life and love this is for three or five six years you weigh a few eight
the banana republic baby only in Miami
i was attacked by the monkey fund
he was named my friend Punjab
oh no i don't feel safe in india
oh i'd rather be in New York than drive a cab
thank you my friend
woo
thank you my friend
i go get one right now okay it's eleven fourteen and five sixty wqa and there's moth he's a
dancing around here like a wild man he's coming up with all kinds of neat programming ideas
like plain music again that sounds good to us four hundred and seventeen votes on the pool what's
your take on the latest bin Laden tape not too many calls about that now what's your interest
it changes nothing maybe that's why one hundred and twenty two twenty nine point two percent
changes nothing prove that bush is playing right into his hands hundred and fifteen twenty seven
and a half percent all the more reason to attack your rack now oh ninety three twenty two and a
half percent what me worry fifty five fifty five people who are oblivious no matter what's going
on that's our crowd and thirty two say it's not him he's really dead if it was him why don't we
get a videotape when i had a laugh they were saying yesterday explaining why it was an audience
that a videotape it's much easier to smuggle the somewhere a audio tape than a videotape
because you know how big those videotapes are the size of our debts those big clunky videotapes
i know what that i'm just being for see i know i'm being for see just like that joke
but this is the mass media for you know just just saying a lot of stupid idiotic things
so they can go along with the uh
the government line they can tow the line five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon line no one to one our big Wednesday comedy hour and believe me we need that
today we need a lot going and like i said before be a real good time hop in a car keep the show
turned on real loud have a few chuckles and head out to home depot some of those other kind of places
lindsay lumber if they were still in business and pick up your uh viscreen and have like
a bottled water duct tape you lots of duct tape
here's for a lot of day hello hello Neil yes sir yeah i need to two things for you on your pole
if not or something you really dead it's applauded by bush just to get America to back them
yeah all right so in other words bush made the tape is that what you saying well i'm not saying he
made the tape but the administration did yeah well that's one thing that's one way of thinking there
it is another thing i don't know he's looking for backing right yeah and what's the other thing
the other thing with the viscreen you need plenty of viscreen and duct tape duct tape the corner
gone gets mulliboyle okay great and have a good time have a party i guess he's going to be a treasure
I'll let us see it tonight oh boy no that was duct tape we said sir with a deed i think he misunderstood
duct tape you know what this reminds me of i don't want to be a sceptic or cynical or you know
not not abide by the word of my government but it's all it's a step away from back during a cold war
when it's a little kid in the school ace to have these instructional films to show us what to do
in the event of a nuclear attack and they would show those and it would show you how to hide under your
desk in school you know what i'm saying it's a bomb hide under the desk put your hands over your head
stick one foot up your back of ass because that'll keep you from melting right
it's it's one step away from that and of course the obedient masses out there they're going to go
out there and they're not gonna they're doing it they're doing it and i'll say it like i said
in the beginning of the show nobody's commented on this but it just makes common sense to me
although that's the story about matunele and oil i mean that's a little bit uh this concerning
even though steven hat fill went to high school there but i don't think if you live in
prokipsi in new york or in el miro or in alby and michigan or in how indiana or in shelby
montana i don't think you're in a lot of danger right right but you never know i mean what are
they talking about they're talking about east coast targets primarily the northeast seems to be
what they're emphasizing and you know what we never heard one more word about that white box truck
please we never heard another word about it well i was a rocker well we're too busy with showed
on a rack but at any rate uh what what good is it going to do what could it possibly do
to put duct tape on your windows what is that kind of it's like it's like here's a picture of a guy
Pedro Lera an employee of flagrous surplus well see i mean they're just they want to do business
which is fine more power to him you know who don't want to buy those ugly things anyway
in fact a hundred years ago when my father had an army surplus store uh we used to sell those too
gas mask army surplus gas masks oh if i would only save that you know why not be in good shape right now
could have saved one i got one wouldn't we put on the elevator that day
when i said i was in a fog i should break it to work he's donning one of the gas masks in stock
Tuesday a few have been sold of late it says anti-biological suits gas masks all of these things
people are out buying up and spider the fact now when we had the anthrax here didn't they tell us
that this wouldn't do any good yeah then they tell us that yes shut up oh
and smallpox will this will i pretend now of course not
but never let it make you feel better as you're breathing your own breath will
it will make you feel better to be walking around like that like this guy with a with a mask
looks stylish i say how about let's borrow j skimass oh right not a bad idea
and his other glove in fact maybe while he's here and we ought to be thankful for one studies
here to protect this you know against the evil doers five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty i'm getting really pissed off about this internet are they doing anything about it or is it
just is it just uh you know come see come saw whatever now because it oh there it is
450 votes oh my god this place this place every day that i'm here and i i send this message out to
anybody who insists on to show us so much better when he was here bull crap and you've seen how sick
i've been last day you want to know why because i'm here the eating the sitting on your ass the whole
ambiance of being here is deadly this place is a killer so i'm going to go up to martial
michigan for a few months telekostis clear you know i know i have that i'm worried about things
here's my any hello hey nail yes sir let me call out for under my bed here for a second to talk
together okay call right underneath there make sure you get the get that
that guy is a soul a bit of my thunder in a way because i think you need to keep part of the tape
that you want to see every year comes out that this administration puts out there's always for
the phone we are phone or i mean only 51% of people that voted out pushing the office all of a sudden
i think he thinks he's a god of something well call it colon did the job man he put colon on the job
and he got it done 71 72% now say hey where were you we believe it let's go get him
but he sits down crazy without god bless this god bless this right but you know we're going
to go there too i'll be innocent people you know because we're i guess he thinks he has the right
yeah those those are living people not on born fetuses sir you got your priority screwed up
he's not just getting anywhere he's a tough guy to stop the way to stop the
okay be sure and tape down the covers are about the edges of the bed so none sneaks in there
underneath and get you okay five six seven just hide under your desk johnny put your textbooks
over your head duck and cover did you say duck and cover that's what we did back then we ducked
and covered five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line don't forget for a good
time tonight join George happy our five to seven a treasure island off the Palmeiro just
over the 120 seconds three there's a stopper prizes and drink specials and have a great time
or smoke a brine by the way the order be here and you come in today should be when i was a
bolted a geek he'll be here because he's on the way to treasure office being interviewed
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha being frisked being pated down for our weapons of individual destruction
here's for lauderdale hello hey how you doing okay all right how do you do oh i didn't know i was
on the on the year already how you do i said all right i'm doing great i'm i hope you feel better
yeah feel better just one i just want to question now i need to ask like um just um colon
power was showing you the sites that might be potentially um they supposed to have the chemicals
so why don't they send the inspectors in there so he could be sure well you know they say that
every time they send them in there that the inspectors go in the front door and they shut the stuff
out the backdoor is what they're saying not not that then quick oh yeah there's no way in the world
i think well not only that but if they really believe that why aren't they giving the information
the inspectors in private and not having him go on the year and put it out for the entire world
of here see thank you doesn't that make sense yeah yeah unless they broadcast i mean look let's
face it we know that they got a bunch of crap because first of all we gave most of it in the
first place so we know that they got still a bunch of crap and especially chemical and biological
but we also know that they're not going to say hey here it is and hand it over to us so the
decision we have to make is do they really represent an immediate threat to us and the answer to me is
no okay um do you think you think that they do i think that they probably um got rid of it they might
have but i'm not i'm not talking about do they have it i'm talking about this sottah
mousetain and the people of a wreck do they represent an immediate threat against this country now
oh no no no no no career is career is not one we should worry about that more than on sottah
mousetain but we're not oh no that's a big mistake right there um love your show and i hope you
feel better okay thank you there's one request i like the hair um i heard it one time it was uh
what was it the Greek talking english something like like re-clang with lab you got it all right great
thank you of course i say you got it and that's assuming that's in here which i'm sure that it is
there it is right there in fact there so we didn't have to wait and now language lab the show
that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds today's lesson Greek
lesson one strawberry pie strawberry pie
lesson two apple pie apple pie
lesson three pumpkin pie pumpkin pie customer what kind of pie do you have
answer apple pie strawberry and funky language lab is a public service and
i mean that'd be copied or authorized for resale they were a lima i think that guy a little
problem 25 after 11 at five sixty wq a and the big new into one hour coming up we got
the mad dog jim mad at you one o'clock the hopper hank will be here at three haven't seen
hank it a long time in a coons age you know valentine's days day after tomorrow if you really want
to spoil your wife or girlfriend send her a pajama gram she'll get the softest the most luxurious
pajama sarongeray along with a free gift card and lavender batte the center pajama gram shop
online at pajama gram dot com or column at this tool free number one eight hundred give pj's
you'll find lots of styles and fabrics like Egyptian cotton and fine silk with designs by the
tury crappery and evalent nick and norah and lots more everything from classic to fun and sexy
they have great bath and body products and spa gifts too forget about the mall could be dangerous
in the mall you know what a pajama gram takes only five minutes to order plus the packaging is
amazing so you don't have to wrap it she'll be so impressed you won't believe it women want to be
pampered on valentine's day so here's a gift you'll both love the sister company of her monted
anniversary can trust their quality and you'll get reliable delivery to be imaginative and original
this year instead of pajama gram valentine's day delivery is guaranteed visit pajama gram dot com
or call one eight hundred give pj's that's pajama gram dot com and be sure and tell them that nasty old
toly to call
fudge package
phenomena of mots
communications
And more haze pants.
Oh, Jordan?
That pipe smokeer ran on psychomsize cute women.
Engaging a fake a la d'ethe.
I'm a cranky homo foe.
Not that I mind it, but I'm way too old.
I fantasize about being in bed.
For him, in a twist with feedlers, my man friend.
I'll kiss and make up with Ginger some day.
And then ask him to rape my pun.
Oh, there ain't no over again.
I can't stop him.
So I would not feel the most fooling.
No!
And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union.
Just bold and then stroken away.
Jesus Christ, boy, wait.
Kill me, you're not my type.
You sound like a nine-year-old kid.
Only a macho-menly guy.
You don't know him.
That makes me flip my wig.
And Ginger was a lover of mine.
I bury my boldest feigny nose.
Inside his pimply rear end.
Right, them.
No, I would not be a sport home.
Now!
If I was not a closet of fame,
That's why a ginger and more gay union
would make me feel giddy at the day.
Everybody follow my thousand balls.
Yeah, ginger and more gay union.
Would make my swirl pony hair spill-safes.
All right.
If we had a ginger and more gay union,
That he wouldn't have to get me raped.
Number 31 at 560, WDQAM.
John Kerry undergoing prostate cancer surgery.
Everything came out very nicely.
Okay, there you go.
Now, look, that was incredible.
Can you believe that?
No.
If I got the manager of touch, I haven't lost it, man.
Amtrak.
Yeah, remember that one.
I mean, I was just going to put him on for a minute
to make sure everything came out okay.
And he said it all, came out in the end.
Or something like that.
That was a miracle.
Let's go home.
Couldn't do that again in a million years.
I think that deserved the rest of the day off, if you asked me.
That was phenomenal.
So I can go home and get my duct tape.
Yeah, what are those of us who have to work for living,
even though my hours are fairly limited here,
but nevertheless,
we're going to have to be in these long lines,
and then go over to pubics and get those big jugs
of that nasty bottle of water.
That leeches all the chemicals from the plastic into the water.
Take a case of that.
I like that thing you're out there.
I love what it says,
Drinking water.
I can't remember.
Oh my God.
That's in the confuse with flushing water.
Drinking water is opposed to like cesspool water,
septic tank water,
car washing water.
Auto gets some real water.
Man.
Oh, oh, oh, thank God for South Alcony.
Did we get him unplugged by the way?
Not enough.
From smart club.
By the way, pasta.
And the henley.
Oh, he brought your order a whole bunch of which I can't eat.
And you want to see somebody lose weight in a hurry?
Yeah.
You just take a look at me now in a way
a couple of months.
And I'm not joking.
I've said that many times before.
Because this was my last scared.
Guest?
No, I'm serious.
Good.
Even Dr. Abush.
The Bush doctor.
He said, look upon this as a good wake up call.
And I said, yeah, I've been lying here for three hours already.
How are you going to wake me up?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It really is a little pondress.
You lay there with that gown on.
Never been there.
You never been in that situation.
You will.
I don't look forward to your drinking.
You're looking at me.
Old and decrepit like me.
When you get to be an old fart like me.
Boy.
Look at bringing my own gown.
And you're laying there and you feel so helpless, you know?
And that's what they want.
That's the whole idea of the medical profession.
It's to make you feel helpless and humiliated with that gown.
Like Dr. Mendelssohn.
I have to say, Chris Duckey.
Chris Duckey Mendelssohn is still dead.
Anyway, thanks again to South balcony.
brought us in some great water the other day.
Smart and final and Henry Lee.
Is the adjoin that he works for.
Now, what was the La Romana?
That's in water.
Which I'm drinking right now.
What am I looking over there?
It's from the ancient Roman spring.
And it is really good craft man.
I don't know what that pasta was.
It was not.
Not only in a rally corn gas.
This is corn gas.
See.
That's right. You don't like corn gas.
It's alright.
You know, it's plain.
You like plain.
It's kind of like you.
It fits in with your personality.
Like me on the other hand.
Lots of games.
We were out of the regular kind once.
And that's all that was in there.
Three-third group on me.
The Fesante.
Fesante.
Group on me.
Cassetta.
Five-six-seven-oh-five-six-dee.
Welcome to our multi-lingual show here.
We're going to have Gilbert Adams against tomorrow.
Not.
Talks the hoist.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hold on.
Okay. Here's your guy that's saying.
I thought you were round to the bed maybe.
Oh yeah.
Well, kind of man.
I've been trying to reach you for about 40.
You're hiding in a cave like Osama.
Osama your mama.
Hey listen.
Let me tell you something man.
Your mama.
Yeah.
These people are all talking about.
That bush and this and that.
Listen.
Well, wait a minute.
I can't remember what I was going to say.
Hey.
Don't be making a face in it.
And he's under a lot of pressure.
Okay.
Oh, God.
He's sealing up the house big time.
He's going to go out and buy one of them little desks like we used to have in kindergarten.
So you can hide under it.
Well, if it works back then it gets a nuclear bomb.
It's yours how it works against a little radiation or something.
A little suitcase bomb when a bomb about Pequina.
Right?
You think?
Well, little one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 8.
I mean, they got everybody so on edge now.
It's just it's a wonder that anybody in fact we had a thank the fact that we got any callers here today.
We congratulate the audience that having the balls to at least extend your hand as far as the phone.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
I'm crazy.
He's still crazy.
Okay, mark it down George.
Still crazy.
Here's Miami Springs.
Hello.
Morning.
Morning to you.
Yeah, I tell you.
You put my line when you talk about that.
That's too an L on the way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's my mom's home town.
Well, how do you like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, anyway.
No wait a minute.
I'm a Thune or my tune.
That's a tune.
I mean, that's a tune.
That's a tune.
I'll be damned.
Yeah.
But anyway, yeah, my mom's home town and I mean, that's a she's been gone two and a half years now.
But she never told me about this.
I mean, when you said about that, that's just a little bit of a mind.
Well, maybe she didn't know about it.
Yeah, maybe not.
Well, she was 20 at the time and I don't know.
Maybe, you know, well, she might have been called to it.
I'm not sure about it.
She might have been responsible for it so now we can feel safe.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for you that she's gone, but there's always a silver lining in every dark cloud and I can find it.
Yeah, thanks, Neil.
Hey, um, yes.
Well, let me ask you this.
Did she leave you any money?
A little bit.
Well, I'll see.
There you go.
So that was in the National Aquar.
Which one?
Oh, I mean, the Matt Tumantunia.
Yeah.
It's in the February 18th.
The one with a big fat, huge picture of Rosie on the cover.
Yeah, I'm a fat.
Yeah, huge, 310 pounds.
Yeah, I'm going to go right out by that.
In fact, I'm sure that's my brother's in my sister's nephew.
Blow their mind.
Okay.
Okay, thanks, Neil.
Good luck to you.
Now, why do you always make a face?
He just talks too fast.
Oh, what a good guy.
Yes, you do.
I was making a point.
You make fun of this.
You make fun of this.
The mystery of America's first bio-terrorist attack.
It's on page 8, by the way, sir.
And everybody else.
Pick it up at your public's while you're buying on your water when you're when you can't get your vis- uh, vis-queen there.
You got to go to your hardware store to get your vis-queen.
Home Depot hasn't.
That's what I just got to your stand.
It's a hardware.
Whatever the hell it is, you know what I'm talking about.
Lensley lumber.
It may not be open now.
One of these days they'll reopen it.
But they got some great specials.
Just then they got some package deals.
It happened 60 years ago during WW2 and it's still unsolved.
The anesthetic prowler is on the loose.
Well, it was on those in Matt Tune Illinois.
How do you like that?
Tough game for the Leafs last night.
Lost Edmonton 5-4.
Very exciting game.
Was three-nothing Edmonton and kept coming back.
Felt short.
Michael Remberg almost tied it up late.
Anybody care about that?
No.
I do.
Leafs have been sold new ownership now.
Not sold actually, but whatever.
Nobody cares about these things here.
Just a vacuous place.
What do they care?
We keep asking that question day after day, week after week, year after year.
What do they care about?
We don't know.
Even today.
Look how hard it was.
I mean, we got them going now.
But it was a battle.
Of course, George was on yesterday.
But George had a great show yesterday.
Thanks to me.
Thanks to you.
I'm leaving on a great topic like that.
What was your favorite character from any movie?
That was a damn good pull, if you asked me.
I wish they'd love it to save that for today.
And I'd give it to a punk like you.
That was a great pull.
I mean, a pull today is like, I don't know.
I felt compelled to do it.
Right.
The one tomorrow, the one that ducked me for tomorrow, and will be even better, though.
Yeah.
Oh, you were supposed to tell me during the break, and you forgot.
Oh, well, the pull he suggests is, and I don't want to add on any suggestions today.
Keep it in mind, okay?
What person would you rather die than have sex with?
Ooh.
Good luck.
What person would you rather see?
He phrased it better than I did.
I wrote it down.
Write it down.
Come on, you silly old fart.
We only got a four-hour show.
I'd rather hear it as, yeah, good wording, though.
He'd said, I'd rather drop dead than have sex with blank.
Okay?
I'm going to save that for tomorrow.
Don't be throwing it away.
People coming in a Schmidt can't all my stuff here.
Because that's what the show is about.
It's about Schmidt.
Is that really the name of the movie?
About Schmidt.
I love it.
Isn't that what life is becoming all about?
It's about Schmidt lately.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is from probably unrequited sources, but it says,
Bush and High Racking Officials in his administration are
a tech to big tech and big this queen.
Too many at a cheap phone, you know what?
Maybe the president can get you a good one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Also, anyway, they took out Bob Graham's very important.
Put them on hold, whoever that is.
Very important point.
Oh, that's all ecstatic because we're doing this pool tomorrow.
Very important point.
George, they took out John Kerry's prostate.
Right.
They took out Bob Graham's heart.
Dick Gebhardt?
Yeah.
What are they going to take out on him?
Anyway, don't answer.
Just think about it.
Think about it.
I'll find it.
Oh, there's both of Brown with that nice fedora that he's got.
Oh, the chicken neck is really sticking out.
This is what they were doing to him in there.
I can only imagine.
Look, they hook him up a lot.
It looks to me like they stretched it a little bit.
And the neck too.
Look at that.
Here's the strap in the door chair.
Do you lose more weight?
Yeah, he did.
Why?
What do you want to do?
Slip under the door?
He looks like a pencil like Geek now, don't he?
You look bad.
He looks great.
No, he does not look great.
He weighs about what?
85 pounds now soaking wet?
Look at that neck.
That's what happens.
You get a bit of a waddle going when you do a weight.
He looks like now.
I think he's doing this to get it me now.
He looks like a shorter, not quite so old version of my father with a head.
Oh, it's all by design.
And he's dead.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Don't take it personal.
He's dead.
Of course, he did lift a 90, but he was still a prick.
19 till noon at 5.60 WDQM for years.
I've been telling you about the health benefits of olio-med.
And I keep telling you because this stuff works.
I don't even like that.
Olio-med soft gels contain pharmaceutical rate olive oil,
not ordinary olive oil, but the best.
It's super concentrated and loaded with health benefits.
Olio-med, every day, can produce the risk of heart disease
and high cholesterol too.
Plus, there are 14 different olio-med formulas to choose from.
Each one combines pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins,
minerals, and herbals to support specific health needs
from bones to blood pressure to the immune system.
Just choose the formulas that are right for you.
And now there are three new olio-med formulas.
Want to help your sleep, want to help you control your weight, and...
Selk, what does that say?
That's not right.
CoQ10.
Oh, who wrote this?
And it's from...
Oh, I'm so sad.
I want to kill myself.
CoQ10, I should know, because I take it every day,
and it's great for your heart.
Look, I got a good squeeze, my doctor told me yesterday, and we will too.
You'll find olio-med all over town.
Pick some up today at public records, wall greens,
whole food markets, devarro's and sedanos, or ignore it around the line,
at olio-medamerica.com.
If you want to get more information about their products,
and what they can do for you, and where you should be sticking them,
call 1-866-olio-med.
That's 1-866-65366333.
Get your olio-med today and start feeling healthier again.
5-666-L.
The radio's all yours now.
Bang in the butt, honey.
We'll have more of the stupid dependence of the...
Oh, how would it be with you?
That is so void from our friends at the memory-low center.
Our friends at the memory-low center...
Oh, my God.
What the hell was I doing?
Dad!
You laugh at that tacky fat blimp.
You who I am, how may you make fun of me?
Why I'll have you know, I'm the...
The door's open.
The door's open.
Oh, your teeth are out.
Your teeth are out.
Oh, the door's open.
The door's open.
Oh, my God.
The door's open.
All right, Jack, you're fired.
Get out.
Just get out, Dad.
Never mind that.
Get out!
You're fired!
Get out!
Watch your teeth.
Oh, my boy.
That's it.
I'll show that old bastard.
I think that I screwed rock.
They should do this, drumbelly, and pull the mug with the arms.
Got it, hit the screen.
You!
Get back in there, truckin' do what I say.
See?
All right, now drive.
See?
Just shut up and get drivein'.
Back and forth and front of the station.
See?
Need I ask?
What you like to do?
I'm changing the sign.
I got R-11 somehow.
There.
Free mammal grams?
Sure.
Then all the broads gotta do.
There's a lot of them babies right up here in the window.
And we perform a public service.
We are being flagged down.
Oh, God.
Hey, new kids.
Get outta here.
They're saying a nice green truck no more.
I gon' get your mother.
Uh-oh, that police are the coming.
Hold up.
It's right, I forgot.
This is its illegal.
Quick drive back to the station.
Most should be walking out right about now.
See?
There it is.
Come here, kiddo.
Hey, Mom.
Hey, Mom.
Hey, Mom.
Hey, Mom.
How you doing?
I'm getting ready.
I'm just gonna pop over there.
I'm just gonna pop over there.
You'll catch me.
You're not my son now.
You'll blast it down.
Get out of my pants.
Hey, Mom.
No, no, no, no.
That's rape and mold.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Number 48 at 560 WQM.
Here's a hostile fax from Joy who was faxing yesterday
with the slightly changed hand ready. Bush keeps winning his way in spite of all
your bush basures. You never offer alternatives only skepticism, which is wrong.
While Bush is doing something to spread democracy in the Middle East, you
want to appease and then encourages the herbs to cut the one democracy in the
region Israel down to size. You following that? Sounds like a bunch of stuff in
nonsense. Exactly. All I can say to that is five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how
you doing? Okay. I was going to hide out in Tarmina for until things cooled off.
But maybe Costa Rica sounds better. I don't know why you go to Michigan. Ann Arbor has the
biggest mosque in the country. Don't forget about Detroit Dearborn. That's right. I'm not going
here. I don't know and I'm afraid that when we uncover some more things that
are fingerprints from the French and the Germans are going to be all over
everything. I just don't think it's being pacifist. I think there's more to it. The
fingerprints of the French and the Germans. Yep. When they get done shredding
all that chemical warfare information that's written in French and German. Yeah. Maybe
the French and German will join us. Okay. Whatever you say. You follow what he was saying.
I think he was in bed with joy. It was a fact in a minute. Okay. I think what
they both said was like that. Their fingerprints are all over it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on EAT. See that's one good thing when you give
us something like this. Everybody's got all these wild cockamimi ideas and
everybody's an expert. Everybody's got some wild theory. We just kind of like
sit back and watch it and weep. Here's Hi Aliya. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hi. How are you?
Okay. This poll of yours, uh, who'd you rather die then? Would you rather die? That's
tomorrow's poll. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on EAT and TNT and Verizon. See I
told you. Thank goodness we got that new to one company. But so we don't have to take any
calls in that out because that means oh well for tomorrow's poll. No tomorrow do
tomorrow's poll. See that's the way it works. Today we do today's poll tomorrow will work
on tomorrow's poll. That's my philosophy. Each day try to work on a different
poll. Grease it up and work on there you go. Well you grease it up. Get out of here.
Chris go like the guy said get out here of his queen. Get out your duct tape. Your
bottle of water. Lots and lots of bottle water. Little sternal would be good. And see I
totally I know that I knew I mentioned B for only before. There's a reason for it.
Oh, got it. If you got a sterno stove, huh? Right. Because you electric my co-op. And
if you're sterno, jelky, you can just sniff the old sterno and snort it. Hmm. Smells
like crap. That's just a little B for only wouldn't be bad. No more B for only for you
mister. Not after all these problems you're having. All these fat attacks. This place
displaces a killer. McGlin of course, have warned for George forcing all that food on me
last five, six weeks. That's what it's all about. Carlos isn't here to stick up for me
because he was a witness. He saw it. All those meals that were forced down my throat
practically force fed. Not that the food wasn't good. We appreciate Wayne Arles very much
and pizza loft and who else who else brought in food. Flores. And the corkeys. Oh, now
that was a bad day. That was a bad new one. No, I was such a bad day because we they cut
us off guard. Right. They sent low and guilty food in the morning, which we thought was
the food that we had begged for and then they knew nothing about it. They were happy to
eat it though. And so we ate a whole bunch of that and then they sent us our own food
later on. Man, oh man. Yeah, I consumed so much food that day. It was like a miracle.
It was unbelievable. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line as we continue
lining up the cockamama theories about all the evil doers and evil things in the world
today. Here's Miramar. Hello. Hey, I'm going now. Okay. Hey, well, let me just preface
it. Preface is by saying that I'm not an expert, but I used to be in a military and I took
Kim War for the training and last time I checked, the only way you can really stop it is
if you have a like a filter for the kind of chemical agent that you're up against,
but they really have no idea what you're going to get. Right. It can be and drafts to
be anything. But also I'd had to really watch the news of the purge hunt on your show
about how they're saying should I take the windows and events. But if you do that to prevent
the agents from coming in, you'd have to prevent air exchange because that's how it's
going to come in. Right. So if you prevent air exchange, how are you going to get oxygen
unless you got some kind of O2 generator or something? No, you're talking. It's not going
to do you any good. So if you ask me, it's kind of irresponsible on the part of whoever,
you know, put that out there. It's ridiculous. I don't hear exactly what they said. How
you should do it, but everything I learned, there's no way to stop it unless you know
exactly because like I said, they have to train you for a specific agent. Right. And
there's no one filter going to stop everything. Hey, man. Okay. Thanks a lot. No problem.
That's his in oxygen tanks. Let's get a whole bunch of oxygen tanks. What do you say?
Whatever would be good. I'll be right down for it. All those scuba places. You can get
all kinds of things. I mean, he made an excellent point. But I wish he wouldn't have put
that off there to the public because now that I'll be lined up in the oxygen joints. Yeah.
I heard Michael Jackson sleeps in an oxygen tent. Let's go steal his. Oh, or let's just
set it on fire just for a little while. It's just a joke. Well, like I said, for a little
while a couple hours, five six seven, oh, five 60. I wonder if that nose would would melt,
do you think? You know it would in the sun. They did a thing on ABC's Good Morning America
this morning about Michael Jackson's plastic surgery. This in the middle of all these
other things going on. And they still can't get off of Michael Jackson, you know, in the
nose. And then Joe Castella comes in and he carls his team up on us and they give us a
big song and that's about he's not a pedophile and they feel sorry for him and he didn't
do this. He never saw a freight train. See, I think Carlos can relate to him because
he kind of like they're starting to look alike. Real bizarre, freaky, right? In one
case, it's natural though. Never seen him together. Joe Castella on the other hand, I don't
know what Joe's story is. I don't know. I have no clue what his deal is. Joe is Joe. Right.
And always will be what's your take on the latest Bin Laden tape 526 votes 162 say it changes
nothing. Prove that Bush is playing it with his hands 143. All the more reason to attack
Iraq now 114. What me worry? 66. It's not him. He's really dead. 41. He's saying that.
Want to take another quick one before we do the bridge? Sure. Because it's Port St. Lucy. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. A couple of quick things that I find important nobody's talking about.
At a 10% of populations, why aren't there any gay porn channels on satellite? That's number one.
And if you can't find any viscuine, is it possible to take refuge inside an old queen?
Something to think about. Not this one. Four minutes till noon. He better move to Europe,
I guess he wants to get porn channels. Oh, yeah, they got porn channels over there up up the...
Well, anyway, up the satellite. They got whatever you want. Okay. All kinds of stuff.
Because they're like light years ahead of us. They're not off-tied about this stuff. They're not
all goody-touches. They're not being repressed by a bunch of religious fanatics who are running
around screaming at the world is ending and stuff like that. I think we ought to be not letting
Armageddon take us down this road. You know what I'm saying? I think we're getting laid down
a garden path. And we don't want to take this folk in the road at all. Four minutes till noon at
560 WQM. Hey guys, if you spent the entire year last year avoiding looking in the mirrors,
if you're walking around wearing a stupid looking hat because your bald spot is like chasing birds
in the animals away. Look at that. Bokobron with a silly fedora. Oh my god. Even Tessu would be
embarrassed. Get rid of that bald spot with my good buddy, Charles Elfieri. The natural
hairline system is as natural as great as it looks unless it's your real hair. And people will
think it is because the natural hairline system is called that because it looks like it's grown
right out of your scalp. As opposed to a barn or an animal died on your head, as opposed to
big holes drilled in your head, as opposed to those dangerous pills that don't do what they
am thinking except take money out of your wallet. For over 25 years now, Charlie's been working
with the famous and the infamous and in between because even the outrish guys know that nobody can
give him a better looking head of hair. So if you want to get laid once in a while, if you want
to look better and younger than you have in a long time, call Chuck Elfieri. There's no obligation.
If you give your free consultation, sit your eyes down and show you just how much better he can
make you look. And be sure and mention my name will save you 200 bucks off the regular price.
Here's the toll free number 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413 before the big bomb start
drop and call Charles Elfieri and at least go out looking your best or check them out of the
web if you like it. Charles Elfieri.com.
And Osama Bin Laden and whenever I am in Miami, I listen to neuro-rangers. Well, too, now.
The most controversial movie of our time, Martin Scorsese's The Last Temptation of Christ recently
became available for whole viewing on cassette. Religious groups, mythed at the release of the
film Theathically, became outraged on the event of its home distribution. And so, for your
spiritual edification and for those who don't have VCRs at a price of a movie ticket, we are proud
to present Live, top one, the radio version of Martin Scorsese's The Last Temptation of Christ.
But, want to buy a hot stereo?
Gee, I'd better not.
Okay.
And say that controversy continues.
Human tomorrow from Martin Scorsese's The Second Last Temptation of Christ. Good day.
Oh, that has really please go away.
Find a new way to attack up a big old home and eat your whole homes.
Till you explode.
Just like your fat fat churn and ladies have to bite your seats on a plane.
Spending your fingers that have yellow stain from tea toes.
Can see your toes.
After thinking who knows.
I'm proud to be fat disgusting and tasty.
Oh,
you make the show of it when it's mild.
They like a cow who's mad and sad.
Think smelly, fat, so repulsive and mild.
Your body cheese smells like a grappa.
After it was occupied by head pass.
Learned us you want to get into your car.
Sussure to that M.Y.
Onkin squeal, onkin squeal, onkin squeal fat lady.
Living with your loverless mean.
Slowering and starting the tree between her mean.
Ashmen's fatal yeast.
Smell fishy to me.
That had a matured atmosphere and tasty taste.
Hey, you won't play this live better.
I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad.
I got my smile from home but my chest came from my bed.
I've got a body like a drive and range mat.
When it's cold outside use my nips to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear give you a lap dance.
But you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest
and finding tissues.
Guys say I'm cute, this am fruity.
I'm not warm, we need your pity.
I've got a nice ass and per like a kiss deep.
But I can't get a man because I got no titties.
I've got no titties.
The wonder brought is something I can't afford.
When you lay on me you'll swear you're on a dive
and board.
When I turned 11 I started to get pused.
Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boobs.
Guys say I'm cute, this am fruity.
I'm not warm, we need your pity.
I've got a nice ass and per like a kiss deep.
But I can't get a man because I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
No titties.
Sixth of a little brown.
I'm so proud when I got.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's least of me to brag about your stuff with me down.
I must tell you what my car and that's metallic brown.
It has a hole in the trunk and a dent in the door.
And you can see the road through the hole in the floor.
It's my little round two.
I'm so proud when I got.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's an 82-curl and with one head light.
So when it gets started I get to use my flight.
With something breaks down.
No it's not hard to fix.
Or stuff has been bailing while.
That's the trick.
It's my little round two.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's so proud when I got.
I never knew how to drive a car before.
But they handed me the keys when I got too short.
And if they didn't enough to make you nearly flick.
There's one more thing I got no place on it.
It feels up with water on the rainy day.
When the tape and the windows seems to work okay.
The front windows start to shake when I try to steer.
And I can't get it out of second's future.
It's my little round two.
Oh I'm so proud when I got.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's my little round two.
I'm so proud when I got.
It's my little round two.
It's a little old lady from ILLIAAA.
It's a little old lady from ILLIAAA.
I'm ready slow, ready slow, ready slow.
With a baseball cap and a silk or d-na.
I'm ready slow, ready slow, ready slow.
Getting in a rickety one down.
Shack it down, I'm in conditions to stay at Casuala.
I'm ready slow, ready slow, ready slow.
You never see the little old lady from ILLIAAA.
She crawled and she stole.
She's a real boy.
She's a terror of hell and there'll be full of all.
She's a little old lady from ILLIAAA.
It's a little old lady from ILLIAA.
I'm ready slow, ready slow, ready slow.
You're cut your open acolyte.
She never seen you.
I'm ready slow, ready slow, ready slow.
Don't try and blow your undo agitate.
Because she'll only keep sucking on a respirator.
Now I can't think of no one who would make me meaner than that little old lady from ILLIAA.
She crawled and she stole.
She's a real old boy.
She's a terror of hell and there'll be full of all.
She's a little old lady from ILLIAAA.
She's a little old lady from ILLIAA.
She's a little old lady from ILLIAA.
She's a little old lady from ILLIAA.
Have you had any idea why I played that?
I give up.
I don't know either.
It's moment of weakness.
Eight minutes fast though.
So here's a good fast though.
It says how would you handle the Middle East?
It says we have one foot in with Israel.
So now we have to put both in or both out.
You seem to think we should do the Hootsie Kuchi and just shake it all about.
I think that's an excellent idea.
You shake it.
JTS.
It says do the Hootsie Kuchi and shake it all about.
I like that.
I think that's a lot better than whatever's going to go on, including all that poison gas and suitcase bombs and other stuff that we don't want.
But it's just a thought.
Here's another thought.
Valentine's Day is only two days away.
And of course what women really want for you is that you put a little thought and creativity into your gift.
That's what they want.
Got it?
This year express yourself in a fun and original way and say what the Vermont Teddy Bear.
Just call tool free 1-800-829 Bear.
And a friendly bear, counsel will help you choose from over 100 bears hand-cryfted in Vermont and delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate day.
Tell her she lights your fire with a new burn in a love bear, dressed like a honky fireman, with a loved hat to one his arm.
Or say I'm wild about you with a general love bear that even got bears for her hobby or occupation.
Sending a Vermont Teddy Bear is creative and a personal alternative flowers which die in a matter of hours.
And unlike those flowers, this will be around a long time after Valentine's Day.
Send her a bear to the office or a coworker's can see just how thoughtful and romantic you're pretending to be.
Over night in a Valentine's Day, delivery guarantee, call tool free 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at VermontTeddyBear.com.
This year's saying what they Vermont Teddy Bear for Valentine's Day and be sure to tell them that old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-BEAR and then do the Hootsie Cootsie and shake it all about.
I am old, this is sports radio bicycle QAM.
The guy is falling.
The guy is falling.
No both re-nation on the field of battle is open for delination from a feeding cattle.
No both won't see nobody fast or just get straight with glass and let the television gently spoon feed you.
I'm telling you something that you won't be seeing on the news.
We're burning, we're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops.
We're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops.
They have the reason for keeping us in the dark.
A noble act of reason, we thought that's interest at heart.
No need no civil rights.
If you have nothing to hide, so just relax and work that as a watch the old food tool.
Why do you concern long as you're no winning on a B-U?
We're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops.
We're burning, we're burning, we're burning our troops.
Oi!
Why do people think I'm gay?
Why do people say such things?
Assuming I like tingling, why did they think I'm gay?
Why?
They don't, but no one knows.
If I really get the hold, why did they think I'm gay?
I'm a studly handsome guy, I'm drunk most afternoon.
It's not of your business, why?
I like your tunes, all the rumors make me sick.
People think I drive a stink, why did they think I'm gay?
I know, help me pass the word on.
This dude here's no Welton John, why did they think I'm gay?
Guys in the gym, they can't cope.
They're afraid to drop the soap, why did they think I'm gay?
I ain't one bit family man, I'm a manly man.
Last night checked in, ain't a sin.
Could be a lie, some fell fell me wide.
Why?
Tell me why, why did they think I'm gay?
Why do they think I'm gay?
Nice butt.
You're gay.
Mr. Power.
Thank you.
Good morning.
I'm here to address the United Nations with incontrovertible evidence of Saddam Hussein's
elusive weapons of mass destruction.
Now ladies and gentlemen, if you'll just watch the screen in front of you, you will see our
renderings of Saddam's arsenal.
Now this is more than just a cartoon, because we feel Wiley Coyote is an out of the
elegance to Saddam.
As you can see, he hides quite an arsenal of weaponry in his gays.
Now this seed here proves beyond any shadow of doubt that Saddam is indeed hiding his weapon.
You'll observe the Coyote holding his ears in anticipation of destroying his infinite
enemy, only to discover his own nuclear warhead pointing up his butt.
Now here in the attempt to escape invading forces, he paints a picture on a rock, nor
an ascended, thinking of course he can run through the picture he painted.
I hereby submit this as conclusive proof and look forward to your support.
Thank you.
Everyone in office did the same as me.
The only difference was they were a little more discreet.
You elected me, your president, not your same.
No matter who you put here, it'll always be the same.
Promotion didn't push, they all had something on the side, but the press loved it was best
to keep it quiet at the time, and helping back then, and it's never gone to stop.
Every president has done the presidential law, when FDR was giving us a brand new deal.
Hell in Orals, given chits a reason to spoil, As in Howard did it back in World War II.
No misdriver, that he liked her and the exclusion to.
Nicks and like interpreters that spoke Chinese and don't get me started on the Kennes' days.
It happened back then, and it's never gone to stop.
I'll never president has done the presidential law.
I guess he could say I've been the minor lead, compared to what went on with the Kennes' days.
The girls I had all is bad to make you limp, unless the cause I don't have Peter Lopper for Moppill.
It wasn't a coincidence or just bad luck, that whoever is the name of the vacuum that sucks.
It happened back then, and it's never gone to stop.
Every president has done the presidential law.
When you're the president, you have to ask yourself, why not?
No matter what president has done the presidential law, can star making it's criminal, but I hope it's not.
The ever-president has done the presidential law.
Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the Mohawana David Show.
We have a full duck at today.
Including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete of yours.
You know that Pike Smoke is still at it.
What?
What? What's singing to those songs?
They can funnily. They make funnily all the time, I don't know.
Why they don't adore me?
They're there, everything will be alright, Moppill.
Get your hands off me, a fairy.
You're queer, yet too chumper.
Real men don't touch, only during the game.
Yes, master.
They won't sing, and I'll give them singing.
Get on a piano. Over there.
Okay, Moppill.
Now, hit it.
Back in my day, men were straight.
The end day is up today.
That's why I can't tolerate.
Just gunsling days.
Spoils were in day by day.
You're gonna start with your moron.
What's the matter, Moppill?
My wig fell off again.
Okay. Alright, where were we?
Spoils were in day by day.
I'll take it from here.
The guys that like the worship men.
The thing we will see for the door.
We'll live on the bottom again.
Didn't mean to soothbrush Dave.
Or to tickle heri taint.
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Just gunsling days.
Thank you for calling this as T-Toy, and I'm out here.
I just picked up my 92-a-course from your life.
And it is a huge turd in the back seat.
A huge turd?
Yes.
And there's one in the back seat?
A turd. A big ass human turd in the back seat of my car.
I assure you, our guys did not take a dump in your car.
If you want to bring that car back, we'll take a look at it.
You want to take a look at it.
My car is fine. It's that big ass turd in the back seat.
Okay, what would you like me to do?
I said, okay, how about I go to your house and pick a loaf on your couch?
What would you like me to do to fix the situation?
I want somebody to come over here, get this turd out my back seat.
That's not going to happen.
You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it.
I am. I'm going to bring it back there.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to take a dump in every last car you got there.
I'm going to peel your counter.
I'm going to do it all.
Okay.
You have a feel.
Okay.
And you know what you feel like a big girl in there?
It probably came out your way.
Oh, yeah, I don't make it happen to go on the car.
How much do you weigh?
About 400 pounds.
That's your turd.
That's my turd.
That came from a 400 pound man.
That is a 400 pound man, either that or gorilla.
Okay.
I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office and I'm going to let the whole world see...
You're going to be on the news this evening, buddy.
I'm going to get seven on my side.
What? You're going to be on the news.
Can you describe the, the, the, the pieces? I mean, what does it look like?
You know what it is, it came out your ass!
I tell you, what kind of, it's me, what color? I say what? It smells un-givin', that's what it smells like.
It smells like you sold your ass to the devil. I don't even know what it is, it's a hell.
Well, how many is it? How long is it? It's not as long as my arm!
I don't think it's fun, why y'all this is not fun, I got a damn two-bar four in my back seat.
You know, I think this, I think this is a racial shit too. That's what this is.
A little kid is running away from it.
I'm gonna go find this funny.
I'm gonna go find this funny.
Alright, alright, alright. How long does it look like it's been sitting there?
Steve is coming off of it, okay?
Steve, Steve is coming off of it?
Yes.
Oh my god, I'm getting scared.
How long is it?
I am taking this into fresh turd.
Okay, what you need to do?
You need to bring that shirt back.
And we'll match it up, we have a lineup, we'll match it up with the other turds that we have.
What you need to do is learn how to use a toilet.
We say you're not gonna bring the turd back to me?
No, you know what?
Is this the sample?
No, I've started to like it.
You're gonna keep it as a fact?
I'm gonna keep it, because it's a nice, you know what? It's a nice conversation piece.
Okay, cool.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
And you're so welcome and have a great day.
576 votes on a pool, what's your take on the latest bin Laden tape?
It changes nothing, 183.
Proof that Bush is playing into his hands, 156.
All of them are raising the attacker rack now.
124.
What? Me, worry 67.
And it's not him, he's really dead.
46.
26 past no, we got to mad dog, who's still alive.
He'll be along a 1-1, a Humper at 3.
We got the hockey stuff tonight, Rangers, Alexei Kovalov, any interest?
No.
The game at the Macarena.
If you're not getting good night's sleep, probably one of the culprits is a bad mattress.
If your mattress is lumpy, if it's bumpy, if it's a piece of turd, if you're part of that expression,
here's the answer for you.
Call our good friends at dial a mattress, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
They got the best mattresses in the world and an all-around, unbeatable deal.
Seely, sir to Simmons, King Quarle, every size of each style, exactly the one you want is in stock,
ready for just about immediate delivery.
And you got 30 days to try it out too to see if it's right for you in your back.
And they deliver whatever it's convenient for you any day, any day, seven days of the week,
and you picked it to our window.
So call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now.
You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight.
They are unbeatable every day low prices too.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for dial a mattress.
The answer for a perfect night's sleep for years to come, or check them out of the web if you like at mattress.com.
Ride and local, we're sports radio 560-2-A-M.
The Mandage, I f**k them out!
What's the big deal?
About my own war.
I don't understand what all the protest is far.
Don't you love?
Driving your ass, you mean?
I'm gonna drive my fish to get you all the gaiers for your feet.
They'll tell me what you feel then lies, prepared to feel.
Show a few people there to die.
They won't wish it's not you.
I'll be battle flying.
Then you'll get you all the gaiers for your feet.
They'll tell me what you feel then lies, prepared to feel.
Show a few people there to die.
They won't wish it's not you.
It's silence at a f**king lab, mate.
1991's Oscar winner, Silence of the Lambs, was about a man who ripped people's faces off and ate their livers and brains.
Clearly, it was that year's prestige picture.
It was May Gave Rowling the idea of woken up with Anthony Hopkins, you know?
Annabled a cannibal?
Fine Young Cannibal's financially strapped manager, Slapy Gold, was the inspiration behind a series of spoken word recordings featuring Hannibal Lecter, interpreting the works of Fine Young Cannibal's.
I can't stop.
The way I feel, things you do don't seem real.
He drives me crazy.
Ooh, ooh, like no one else.
Ooh, ooh, she drives me crazy.
And I can't help myself.
Or you admit, I made an error in judgment.
We paid so am for the 15 million quid, and we sold, and it's a year.
Nine copies.
Rumor has it that the rest of the band was so despondent, they ate each other.
Of course, they didn't make very good food. They're British.
It's a big, juicy, sapping, went look at your business, tonight, and inside the buy.
Sitting at home watching, Dwight Lutter Dale.
Talking about how bombs are stealing 95s by rail.
When sudden, Lee with a bullet tend to dish up onto the screen.
Came his partner and bishop, she said this just in.
To eye witness news.
It's governor Martinez and the two live crew.
We'll have more details coming up at 5.30.
He pulled them from the stores, because they so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
So, so, so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Bob had heard the album, and he was a Paul.
He said, thank you Janet Reno.
I'm glad that you're called.
We've got to take a stand against this dirty rhyme.
Besides, it's really close to election time.
His Broward Judge, friends, said I will not fail ya.
We'll send for any mention of Janet Taylor.
They're selling sex to kids going through puberty.
The two live crew.
Yeah, they so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
He could crap a butt to show he had guts.
So most of the people said this guy is a pus.
He rid the land of that noise pollution.
Even though it went against the Constitution.
And what did Luke do during all of his jobs?
So 10,000 more copies.
At 1295, people are selling sex to kids.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
They curse all the time.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Tusion.
And what did Luke do during all of his jobs?
So 10,000 more copies.
At 1295, people are selling sex to kids.
He's selling sex to kids.
He's selling sex to kids.
He's selling sex to kids.
Because he's so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh, they're so dirty.
Oh...
Oh...
Oh...
This has been The O'Rodger Show.
This is Your Blame.
Any questions?
Will I take off?
Will I choose today?
Watch and ring my gold chain
To my surprise, going through it's way
I heard sir, would you walk this way
With arms wide open
We spread your legs wide
We must check every place before you get to your gate
And keep your arms wide open
Keep your arms wide open
I don't know if I'm ready
For all this new security
I look up while they stand my sights
I stand and all
There goes my flight
Keep your arms wide open
Please spread out your legs wide
Use less to complain
And you just missed your brain
Now keep your arms wide open
And keep your legs spread wide
We're all gone to this place
They call it JFK
Now keep your arms wide open
And keep your arms wide open
The miracle of modern medical science
Enables us to take you inside the sport-hole mind
Listen closely and you will hear the process of thought inside the mind of a sport-hole
C C C C C C C C C C C C C
C C C The patch
C C C C C C C C C C C C C
At 5.60 WQAM we actually catered to these individuals
by force beating them sports 20 hours a day
And why not?
Nothing helps is going on
C C C C C C C
Far beyond retarded and lifeless
It is our deepest hope that he can afford a PMW
C C C C C C The patch
C C C C C C C Let's touch him and see what he does
C Come and wait till the morning shell
C C C C C C C
C C C The patch
C C C C C B C C C C C C C C A STOZY
And I just get bigger every single week
Wonder what she's taken, cause she finds it tough to speak
What a nut!
All awkward and clunky
What a nut!
Beep, beep, think and chunky
Born in music Texas
In love with her exes ashes
And has got a backache
From her giant rack
Her little donkey sugar pie
As take a little process
For a month
He's all vaticated
Shunky months
Keeps himself sedated
Born in music Texas
In love with her exes ashes
I got something that I had to confess
He took his phone away and it jumped on my left
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
He had a new attitude
I've been a woman just to pick up my watch
I felt that booming hand
Burn on my cross
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
I don't know what was worse about him
It's blabbing ass or his big double chin
He had a new attitude
Coming this fall, The Fox
Into reality show
Pretty much a lot like the other ones
With single guys and girls on it
Getting together
Five ladies
Looking for a husband and we tried it in every degenerate trail at trash loser we could find in a one-block radius
It's Bachelorette in Arkansas. I like the girls special out one there with the teeth. I showered a flash month for this. Bring on the tang. The ladies are loving it.
Meet Cindy, the 29 year old real estate broker from Southern California.
You have to get me out of here. These guys are driving me crazy. They smell like they actually ate poop.
Bachelorette in Arkansas. I think I love Barbara. We're soul mates. She's my sister.
Due to mature themes, parental discretion is advised. Some scenes may be disturbing for younger viewers.
I was having a pretty good date with Reefus, the real tall guy with the one tooth and the beer belly and the spanked my monkey tank top.
When all of a sudden, he just died. Bachelorette in Arkansas. This fall on Fox.
10 to 1 at 5.60 WQM, the mad dog at 1. Hey, our friends Tom Limon and Joe Prieto are up to their eyebrows. They're buried because the factory is sent out.
So many vehicles they don't know where to stick them. They like to stick one in your driveway.
Howlet is blown out all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the Pontiac 5 starting in only 13,998 and up to 5 grand off every GMC on Voice stock.
Plus get you 0% financing up to a $3,000 rebate. And of course, as always, Howlet's got a great selection of dependable pre-owned car starts to SUVs.
Credit problem anybody else turned you down for credit. Have no fear because Howlet is here.
Right now it's the Winter Blizzard Emergency Clearance Ill go on out at Howlet Pontiac GMC.
134-1 South Dixie Highway. That's US 1 across from the falls open every day.
Seven days a week. There's always mention even more when you mention my name.
Did I say mention even more? And yes, even more. Well, whatever the hell it is.
Call them right now the near Rogers Neil Deel Hotline Tool 3 1-885-344-211.
That's 1-885-344-211. Tell them that incoherent Neil told you to call.
Howlet Pontiac GMC who be professional grade.
My and local. This is 4205 City.
You way, you way.
Neil, my queen. God.
Is grandma. Grandpa is getting way too old. Is there constant nagging for attention getting to be a major inconvenience here?
I hear someone a wife be over here.
If you answered yes to any of these questions, Netherlands.com's Health and Hospitality Division has the answer.
Netherlands Euthanasia Services. Over the centuries, millions of people have discovered death to be the preferred alternative to life.
Our staff is put together crack medical professionals in Holland, where Euthanasia is legal, who will ensure your comfort as they euthanize you.
Or your loved one. You will be flown first class to Amsterdam, where you'll be treated to the most lavish, going away party ever imagined.
At one of Amsterdam's luxurious four-star hotels, two full days in nights of food, drink, and merry-moons, followed by professional and comfortable Euthanasia.
After which, your remains will be sent back to your loved ones, or taken care of locally with Netherlands highest-quality body disposal available.
So if you're suffering from an incurable disease, or you may just be playing board with living, log on to Netherlands Euthanasia Services and get the party started.
The first place is the most popular restaurant in the Netherlands, where you can find a restaurant that is located in the Netherlands, where you can find a restaurant that is located in the Netherlands.
The first place is the most popular restaurant in the Netherlands, where you can find a restaurant that is located in the Netherlands, where you can find a restaurant that is located in the Netherlands.
When we all voted for one, if you want this, don't love love, it's drumming stupidly.
Don't love love, oh mindless drunk in rich kid. Don't love love, he's even lumber than me.
He's President of the ****, you have no care what it took, you got him in by hook or throw up with the Christians.
Oh, I know what that is, you and I, but I don't fear.
We've got a great leader here, with President of the ****.
President of the ****.
President of the ****.
President of the ****.
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die, from being able to make it to the end.
I should never keep thinking alone, a big back must be trapped inside my bowels.
How can you die from infected thoughts?
The little at least put your doctors in, now my heart stops.
You schwarz at sign eyes for my intestine's hours.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in my arms.
Did you mong on a CDS day? I didn't know that.
I didn't know that you'd get in this town.
Somebody mong on it.
If it's right in my soul, I'll be the hell of a tough one, you know.
Why can't you then need some forgiveness?
Why can't you lose us? Get it right.
My battle will block.
Inside my hiding, can't make my turn to go out.
It's good, that's good, that's good.
If you cannot find us from a bomber rack, if the markets are a bomber rack,
if the terrorists are President Pakistan is looking to be North Korea,
it's too risky from a rack.
If we have no allies with us from a rack, if we think that someone's sister from a rack,
so to hell with the inspections, let's look up for the elections.
Close your mind and take directions from a rack.
Fall in line and follow orders from a rack.
For a right, vaccines are orders from a rack.
Disagree will call the trees and let's make order of the season,
even if we have no reason from a rack.
Yeah, it's kind of catch you want to sing that all day.
Anyway, the poll 629 votes.
What's your take on the latest bit of modern tape?
It changes nothing 201.
Proof that Bush is playing right into his hands 172.
All the more reason to attack your rack right now, stick it to a 134.
What me worry 74?
It's not him, he's really dead.
48.
That's it. 629 vote.
Press around the night, 5 to 7, Bokobarans going to be there.
Would that silly hat?
You know something that's worth the press of a mission right there.
To see what it now, which is going to be more exciting,
but silly hat or the chicken that.
Bye bye bye.
Send me a Roger Show on 5 to the easily QAnne Miami 4 Marile.
