Let's talk to God now a ship you shared mother day interviewing cheerleaders Jesus. I heard it was the worst interview in history of broadcast
Oh, it was the funniest all I know is that but nobody will point that out because everybody just sucks ass in that
Oh, I told him I said dude because you were so funny. Yeah, so he said what do you do bouncing such dance? What do you do?
Oh my god, I was on the 95 I swore three lanes
I started speaking to the French moron jackass
You think gold is she giving me a season ticket stuff for the king?
He's getting faster if he's being the esports writer today for the heraldor if he's like the radio TV the entertainment writer
Or if he's like the religion writer. I mean it's it's authentic. Are you the religion writer? I do it all now
Yeah, that's what I heard that's what George told me said that he was actually in the way Kevin does Kevin does have a wife
But George is just absolutely positive. He's a faggot. Yeah Kevin Kevin has a wife
But it turns out that he was he was in the room with Ramona or T's or Castro the other night up in Pittsburgh
He knows everything was laying on his Castro is what I heard it was
So you're forgetting Mani sang you in Mani sang you in whatever Roberto Clemente I
On Pittsburgh even though it is a horse
Oh my god pirates listen to my beloved pirate
But I think the closest player to Roberto Clemente that I can see in this day and age is Jim Edmunds
He's the best player in baseball. He don't look like every day Clemente
No, he doesn't but he doesn't shave
So at least he looks a little bit like a baseball player plays every day probably one of the ugliest guys that ever played the game
John
I might keen on once a week
I was like and Sam and veteran JT snow on the angels when they had that big year and then they choked at the end of the season
Sam I can never stay healthy
I want to say it again for all told me before the show this morning
I asked him about those the last three Marlon games
And I know you got rain and every other's pigeons flying over his origin excuse
10,000 people in one thousand then you had 11,000 and last night I reported 10,000
Really about 6,000,000 people there and this is for Don Trail last night and you know
He lost but he pitched a good game, but that's a little kind of a horse for
Home for both of these and no one cares. Oh great. Well, that's a good excuse
You know a rain a little while in high ole
Oh
20 more than 20,000 a game
I'm not great but the average in 23. Yeah, and then they got the Roy Haliday about 30 minutes
I'm having a day game tomorrow
I'm having a day game tomorrow at the Marlins. I'm going out there in the hundred degree heat
I'm gonna wear two jerseys and I'm gonna wear a ski cap and I'm gonna use one more
I love the Marlins customary you got a 135 game which means we're done at one next Thursday
We got a one o'clock game with a mess which means 1235 were done
We like the Marlins. Who do you think's fatter? Paul D or the Beast? I would say Alex Fernandez. Oh my god
He's gonna everything he's gonna ask that's bigger than some apartment buildings
You know who is the big who is the big fat ass that pitch for the Tigers in 67?
Who has what Mickey Lola's Mickey Lola's very good
They love it. I want to go for the big oil. Is that the city? No, no it was
Who's got in the oil? Is that the picture they had the biggest which guy was that?
Who got Sid Fernandez? Sid Fernandez and he got a picture of the oil that
Stoddard he now weighs seven tons and I'll tell you who else has got probably the biggest
ass on the Marlins is gotta be Pudge he's got an ass bigger than this stadium
I think Pudge looks a little bit like a public's truck
They have to drop him in with a crane through the roof in the stadium. There's no crane my box can't have
Don't have a roof but that's beside the point. That's what we need a roof stadium right?
I love retractable roofs and retractable windows. We don't want it.
The difference you'd still have seven eight thousand people and if the team ever got bad again
Forget about no Boris behavior and beer sales remember that I got the best story to start my show today
I want everybody to be on the edge of their seat
I'll just read you the headline okay
First-gen radio employee charge with child pornography
Oh wait
This is the greatest story in the history of our lives
Tomorrow we're gonna have a contest on the air for your poll
Who's got a better Daniel Boone? Mo or Tim Brandt?
Oh my goodness
I love your penis
Kevin Baxter or Joe Capriotti
I mean, in spite of the way she could be one of the ugliest bitches I've ever seen in my life
How seriously how would you say that she's sexy and you want to do it?
She has an organ in her pants
Yeah, he thinks furlaces sexy too
She is so I think he started and it smells so bad in here
I gotta go man Kevin we gotta get out of here
Hey Kevin no see it a religion page next week
See it in the religion pages or remember the Christians they like to get a hornet too
If there's a fuck I smell it
I'm infectious
We're talking today about why men cheat
I've just done it because it felt good at the time
I didn't think about it and I didn't concern myself with my wife
She just got boring so I got to run and around
And I'm above reproach on that
If you want to chase women go do it
So what about Alan and Aaron here okay?
She's pregnant
Yeah
Do you want this marriage to work?
More than anything
Are you willing to allow him to cheat?
Yeah everything
All right
Do you believe
Yeah
That you can look
Your fiancee in the eye and say
I want that instead of you and go do it
Definitely
And you get it
You get women
Yeah
Yes
Do it in front of her
Right
More with Alan and Aaron in just a moment
Take the pill
It's not your pill
Swill
10.07.560 WQM happy Wednesday 2
We got humped A
So it's our big one or two are right
A ride
On Wednesday that ain't going nowhere
No more
But see I want to apologize for a premature evaluation
Because yesterday I said well you know
It's just my attempt to be enthusiastic
Probably because I'm not there
But if I were there I'd realize
It's still a ghost town
Duff tells me this morning there's no traffic
There's nobody there I look on our website
And it's like about half the usual
Because there's nobody there
Not yet
Well how's that possible?
I thought Labor Day was the demarcation point
But I guess that's only
For people with pain in the ass kids in school
You don't have to come back and get their kids ready
And send them off to school
But if you don't have no kids
With the average age downers about 90
Who the hell has kids
So there's nobody there
Which is going to be a shame when that big hurrah came hits
No seriously if you had to place packed
Then it becomes a lot more exciting
Then Brian can really hop up and down
Would you go nuts?
Like those cheerleaders do
I wish I would have heard that interview
We will
Oh we were going to have that
We will
Oh great
Absolutely
You can't wait for the more Howard David embarrassing interview
One of the ways he's such an asshole
You know he's just a
At least he's consistent
He may not be good but he's consistent
What do you just like to say?
They're old I see Scott's answering that
Because you know who it is
It says Cooper City but it's not
Cooper City
Hey Neil how you doing?
Okay
Got a great view down spot
We're like in a barrel somewhere
Yeah
We're not getting on the phone would be good
I have that
Okay
That wasn't even the guy but the guy is like
Uh huh
No it wasn't him
It was some other flake
It was some other guy but he's like a million miles away from him
If one of you had to that or he's captured in the time
From maybe he's down there in the pit with the Sheridan on passions
By the way Sheridan's still crawling around on the stairs
I'm gonna do the break first because I want to this story deserves our full attention
It's all short it's the first story on our website
I just work by the way Eric that Eric
And we hope your back heals up real soon like sometime this year would be good
Would you say he was moving it?
He was moving on the table
Right
He was moving his he was rearranging his dinnerware
At his back day bout before he crinked course meal at his back just
When it doubted just
Popped right out
So we hope you're feeling better Eric but he's been fabulous with all this stuff
Which goes to show you that the little illegal alien you were trying to pawn off on us
We needed him like we needed him right
You know I'd uh
Facts I had to facts all those damn stories
And then I would finish facts and the damn things
And then he'd be out and uh
Puffing on a damn faggot in the parking lot and hiding out in the guy damn
Who knows what he was doing?
We have a pretty good idea
But who the hell needed to go through all of that?
See he had his buffalo to go to admit that for quite a while
Oh look at this and I'm putting all these neat little pictures on it
Most of which is one of being him after a while
You notice that?
Yeah I did
It turned into the Beenerboy website
So Eric is doing a fabulous job and the first story on a website this morning is the one
That I'm going to read momentarily short and sweet
I may read it every hour
Which I've never done before
Well now I think once
Because it goes to show you what about the hypocrites these religious assholes are
Not most of them all of them
They're full of crap
Religion is the poison of the universe
It's even worse than those gigantic floating turds that I have to keep flushing the ball
And by the way thank you very much for that total
entertainment yesterday
I don't think we're Kansas anymore
We're still looking for a total and we don't want to be in Kansas no mode
That's what Judy said before she started drinking
Anyway, don't forget to read
Huh?
Oh
I don't think Liza Malay was Judy girl and his daughter
I think it's the same person it's reincarnation
Same person
Same neurotic and married 45 times
And just a spade
Real spade
But you know without Liza Malay the facts would really be desperate
It's 11 past 10 at 5 60 WQM
It's a great Wednesday for the Irish we got
George Rodriguez doing the show today according to the schedule
Boy that clearance he's under such tremendous pressure
Reckon from the beast
Well how do you like to have a 600 pound cowly and I knew every night
We got the mad dog at two we got Hank in the studio
All right
Oh
Let's hear it for the Humper
Wait until he sees all the smegman at Moe is left behind in all the
Dingle buries he leaves on the seat
To probably rush right out of there Hank from 4 to 6 30 and other tough two and a half hour assignment
Marlon's on deck 6 307 05 Pirates at the Marlins
Let's do a little bit better than 10,000 night you jackasses
God, that's pathetic
705 big game their time with a Philly's again for a wild card
Any K after the baseball and Joe and Mark overnight
As they lead into a hopeless case
Underpaid overworked under appreciated
How'd you like to have a new high paying career before years and
Well call our good buddies at fast train right now
This is no B. S. They can change your life for real forever
Call 1 866 fast train fast train can have you trained and certified before the end of this year
The demand for computer professionals
Continues to grow. There's no better time than this moment
Don't put it off no mo to obtain a new high paying career fast train offers you a whole bunch of things like job placement
Assistance convenient day evening weekend schedules and because they have six floor locations to in Tampa
There's about to be a fast train near you
Fast train offers financial assistance to people to qualify too
So if you're sick and tired of working for beans for nothing
If you'd like to have a real career in like a big fat paycheck
Call fast train and like I said really change your life forever
1 866 fast train that's 1 866 fast train now you have no excuse to stay in a bag crappy dead end job
One more week check them out of the web at fast train.com and then make that call
1 866 fast trains
I know that the lord even loves Neil Rogers
From the makers of queer eye for the straight guy
It's queer eye for the honest guy
This look is frightening where'd you get this
My wife made it for me
Our job is to make you more sophisticated
We love you
We like you when you're in love with your own
Get your hands off my NATO Hoses
You know I love this this is very well for and spring on three
Everything's better in cash me
I'm going to get beat up by my friends
Oh my god
And test it is phenomenal
Even my cowl-op at me
See how much more handsome you look already
That looks gorgeous
It is freaking out
Queer eye for the honest guy
You look like a movie star
I want to die
10 16 at 5 60 W.C.
By the way Paul Hill wants to die and you don't want
Yeah he's gonna get his wish tonight
Excellent and he's looking forward to it
His soul is gonna go to the right place
He's got a reward coming
Oh now you know who that is online 6
Don't you WQA and Miami
Hello
Neil how are you
No I don't think you've got the pot on
On the phone or something
There's something screwed up on his guy
Huh?
Well I can't hear this guy
Neil I can
You're like way in the back
There's something that I'm not working there man
Neil
I think we have a problem
Neil
There you go
Yeah I'm gonna get you
Light isn't working
What's wrong with this radio station
Everybody works one hour
What is it working
The light
The light
I see the light
Remember Todd Rungan
See I want to get to that story
But I'd like to get these people on here
But I can't hear him
Neil
Don't tell me we have another
Active technical incompetence on that end
Because it's not here
I see the arrow I got it on
I see the thing
There's no one
I beg your pardon
Neil
I don't hear anything now
There we go
Something
Yes sir go ahead
Neil you hear me now
Now I hear you see it was on your end
What did you do Scott
He had it on the thought of this rectum
Yeah I think so
Scott doesn't respond
Anything I ask him so he's just
He'll be out this week
Go ahead
Neil what's wrong with this radio station
Everybody works an hour
Yeah
I mean I mean nothing anybody
Work more than you
What are you talking about
We're on four hours every day
If simply we do
I mean
I mean Hank that works an hour now
Manage works an hour
You know for all works and nobody listens
For that that that
That overnight show
A molletop
No
Well yeah it sounds like jealousy to me
How'd you like to make this kind of money
Working like an hour or two huh
I love it
I do too
My golf game would be great
There you go
Well most as I'll see
Most as I'll see on the links
Including the ones who said this afternoon yes
You know is mollower gonna let
Manage talk this year
I mean you get in
I mean
And everybody knows mollower day with the judge fan
But it's the wrong
I mean what is this guy doing down here
He's kid
Everybody got changed
He got changed that
A very
If I was placed so he's been
So we had to go somewhere
Do you notice now he's kissing for else but now
I mean as
I mean it's not gonna work because he's
Dispaling around searching for an ally
And everybody hates him so not gonna work
That guy just he took the loser
Well thanks for the bullet
Okay there's a bullet and mozilla loser
With crappy waiting in a bad hair piece
And everybody's laughing at him
Including that horrible interview
Oh that you know something
The stuff is just pouring in here today
This is amazing
Wow
Okay let me give the poll result from yesterday
Then I'll read that story for the first time
But it will be repeated over
Look at this
The accused of abuse
Here's another reverend
More sex abuse against upstate
Evangelist South Carolina
It's just uh there's spewing all over the place man
We're all isolated
Yeah all isolated incidents
All 65,000 of them
Poor yesterday
What's the biggest problem with South Florida
Lot of votes
1341 votes will start from the bottom
Too many rednecks
Only 16
Absolutely nothing
It's paradise
34 that's 2.5%
34 votes out of 1341
Not too uh thrilling
Too many old Jews 37
Too many black people 37
Well at least we don't have too many black Jews
Too many old people 58
Driver 63
That moved up nicely
It's a toilet not even a toto
89
Too many illegal aliens is tied with crooked politicians 100 to piece
In fact most of the politicians are probably illegal aliens
Like uh your mayor
The brutal summer heat humidity and rain
Did very well 105
By the way watch out for that hurricane
Oi
Uh but are they uh is Brian hyperventilating
Oh yeah
Has it moved at all? Are you tracking at them?
No I'm not tracking anything
Oh uh too many uh New Yorkers 110
Two crowded 112
Rudeness 146
And winning hands down your pantaloonies
Uh too many Cubans 338
Too many Cubans
I've achieved some Cubans voted for that
Sure
No
I even
Maybe Miguel voted for that
You think something?
No
So we wound up with 500 bucks yesterday for a band and pet rescue right
He's gonna give you a total for over the weekend too
But he's gonna give me a toto
Well good I could use one at the house
I hate those floaters
Here's the story are you ready?
Are you ready?
You're ready?
I'm ready and locked in
As you fast
And by the way I want to thank Larry
Who's one of our listeners
Because this story is from last Thursday August 28th
In the sun herald which is uh
Must be a Mississippi paper right
Okay
Well no because every time I did a search
From to find uh where the story came from uh
I mean I know it came from this paper
But I just uh came and it was only there
The AP even got it from them
Here's a story that certainly deserved a lot more coverage
And we're covering it here
Christian Radio employee charged with child pornography
Oh right
Tupolo Mississippi Elvis is rolling over in his grave
Of course I was slurred mommy till he was 25 in the same bed
A 47 year old Tupolo man was being held in a half a million dollars bond
Thursday
After his arrest of on possession of child pornography
Tupolo police detective Tim Tate
Said Carrie Dwayne Stevens was arrested last Wednesday
We can go today. Well the story sure took a long time. Thanks again Larry
After a raid on Steven's home in Tupolo by police and FBI agents
Because the investigation is ongoing
Tate declined to comment on what initiated the search warrant
Or what materials were seized from Steven's home
Tate did confirm
That authorities found pornographic digital pictures of children
Now here comes the best part
Stract yourselves in boys and girls
Stevens and employee of the Tupolo based American Family Association
Faces up to 20 years in prison of convicted. Let me read that sentence again
Stevens and employee of the Tupolo based American Family Association
Faces up to 20 years in prison of convicted
For the past three years
Stevens has worked on a production staff for American Family Radio
Which operates more than 140 radio stations in 29 states
Patrick Vaughn general counsel for the AFA
Said the FBI notified the association of Stevens arrest last Wednesday
But no actions been taken regarding Stevens employment with the AFA
We are praying for Dwayne and his family Vaughn said
And in the incident as they reminder of the destructive nature of pornography
Right there's nothing wrong with this guy. It's Pornow that done it
Right
Well guess what I like Pornow a lot
AFA has been in a fight against pornography since 1979 because pornography is so destructive
To individuals, family and societies he said
This being this asshole Patrick Vaughn from the AFA
We like to remind everybody they need to be on guard against pornography's addictive lure
What's the key to when they're in addictive
By the way, I found a great new website
Yeah as I was searching for this
Internet infidels newswire
Okay, isn't that great?
Right up our alley Sally
I want to check that out boys and girls the internet infidels newswire
We need to have a link to that
You think Eric I don't want to put too much pressure because his back is illan
But in that good idea
Stevens and employee of the Tupelo based American Family Association
Faces up to 20 years in prison have convicted
They confirmed that authorities found pornographic digital pictures of children
in his home
I just read that sentence over and over and over again
Because like I've been trying to tell you I mean you know the people with a brain
They know that what I'm talking about is right they don't need me to tell them
Just a general reminder
But the assholes out there that continue oh well these are just isolated incidents
No, these are good religious men and they're blah blah blah yeah just like
Just like the guy that's gonna get off tonight
Rob of a Paul Hill
of a Paul Hill
It'll be a thrill when they fry Paul Hill although they're not gonna frown
They're gonna do the old needle right
I yeah, I guess that's what the dude I think so he's gonna be put to at least die by injection is what it says in a story
Got a lot of stories a lot of stuff including Cuban exiles a band in plan for protested lame
Ila Latin lamey Grammy the lamey Grammys
Well, it's a lot of time some of those bastards cut the crap already okay
We're getting really tired of it. That's why that pull we had yesterday
That's why they keep picking on you people because of the fact that the old
Cubano's there the one-dimensional assholes like Miguel
He's probably the only guy under the age of a hundred who behaves like that you know because he's brainwashed
Well, that's because he grew up with all his other Cubans in Chicago
Whatever whatever his excuses, you know
Is his wife is she Cuban? No
Italian well she's what Italian
She's Italian well how do you like that? Oh how sweet that is
If he's Italian maybe a little bit of that degreasell rub off you know i'm a girl that's all right
He's already got his own oh Johnny dips as the US is like a stupid puppy will get to that story a lot of good crack going on today
Great, but aren't we excited about this story about this asshole from the American family association with kitty porn in his home
Just like that Charles Keating thing all over again
That's right see when all these morons when they set themselves up whether it's the priest or the pope or the
Whatever it is and they set themselves up as holier than now and all that is is a big scam and they're taking
Your tax-free dollars and running to the you know to the porno shop where they're where they're going
What does that tell you right there right off the van?
See i'm a pervert and i'm proud of it you're a pervert and proud of it sure scot we don't know because he don't say anything scot you knew there
Oh he's answering the phone right now but yeah he's a pervert no no no i understand he's very busy
See that was a technical graph. Oh now what was the problem that i couldn't hear the phone i just thought uh an important button that wasn't pressed
I see could have had now how is it was it my psychic powers again that told me that there must be on your end
Or is it just because of the fact that everything down there technically is a piece of crap you think that might have been it
That might have been more likely blame it on me
No, no, no, we're not blaming you because you've had poor training. We're blaming it on whoever trained you
Which is probably a carl is it the carl is out there no you didn't train him i thought you brought that
Beena in there now i trained him
Like i said it's Georgia's fault well it's just under a lot of pressure you know that little kid he didn't want
1026 at 560 wqa. It's a great Wednesday. I i don't know i feel like full of vinegar you know and whatever goes with it
I just feel really uh
Contel of the world these days and then you know the main reason i give up because i'm here and not there oh
That week i spent down air it seemed like it's it went by so fast it seemed like only 20 30 years
Hey need to set your home fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition
Any location and for any reason you need to set your house real quick does your house maybe need a new roof floor and any other
Repairs well don't throw money away on costly repairs do the smart thing dump it call rod today at one
866 785 fast for a no obligation hassle free offer at fast cash home buyers they help you solve your house problems
Do you have a vacant house if you're headed anything with a problem tenant
Maybe you're going through a nasty rotten obnoxious divorce call fast cash home buyers
Maybe you're one two or three payments behind you're inherited a property you don't want fast cash home buyers can help call rod
Two-day at one 866 785 fast to let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house today
And here's another really good thing you won't have to pay a diamond real estate commissions either
This is the smart way to do it call rod today tool free no obligation
One 866 785 fast FAST for a hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems
Line and local
Here's sports video 560s you a few a.m
It's faster than I do
Service
I'm a little bit more than I am.
I'm thinking of myself.
We could play that any voicemail.
That's from a long time ago a couple of years.
I think Eddie is cooling out in the rubber room right now.
But we could play that the entire show and still get better numbers than Mo.
You know what?
Absolutely.
Let's try it for next couple of months.
It sounds pretty inviting to me.
Here's a fact from Lewis Del Rey.
It says goodbye Paul Hill.
Well that would be a bit for Boker Bryan.
Goodbye Paul Hill, you piece of crap.
That's what it says here, piece of crap.
I don't normally care for the death penalty.
In this case I'll be having a cake party out of the death of the hippocritical Nazi inbred scumbag abortion doctor killer at 6 p.m.
Hill also murder the doctors and then it goes to his wife.
Right?
No the um, his driver.
Well what does driver begin with a W?
Well it just ends.
I mean Lewin Westau Ray just and he got so emotional.
Thank you Lewin Del Rey.
I'm with you man.
Bottoms up.
Here's another fact.
This is cute Dave and Carl Springs.
This goes to Shoya.
The kind of newspapers you got there in South Florida.
They sucked their garbage.
I wouldn't even wrap my garbage in it.
Be an insult to the garbage of the world.
I wouldn't even put those logs in it.
Dave and Carl Springs faxes me an article.
Well it says on here you mentioned on the area state that public wouldn't know the difference between senator John Kerry of Massachusetts and former senator Bob Care of Nebraska.
And then only the Sun Sentinel didn't either.
Below is an article in Friday Sun Sentinel detailing senator John Kerry's economic plan with a picture.
Here it is right here of former senator Bob Care of Nebraska.
I called the Sentinel to point out the error.
They printed the correct picture in the Saturday paper.
Thought you gave a kick out of this.
Yeah absolutely Dave and Carl Springs thank you.
Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry on Thursday proposed yadi yadi on here right next right in the inset is a picture of Bob Care of Nebraska which anybody with even a minimum of intelligence with a modicum of political awareness.
Anybody with IQ larger than their thumbnail size would know the difference between.
John Kerry who's that got that you know real crusty look you know.
Right kind of boring look like a dead.
And Jim Kerry makes those goofy face and Jim Kerry but a goofy face is who used to look pretty good by the way and Bob Care who looks a little like how do you do the unhelium.
I mean it's I mean what what are we talking about here.
Oh look at this and here any also on the bottom of his facts.
I didn't realize this.
It says corrupt corrections and clarifications with nobody reads an article on page 12 a Friday's addition to my Democratic presidential full senator John Kerry was accompanied by an incorrect photograph and right as the correct photo of Care.
Nice going David Coral Springs your okay in our book.
Lots sharper than those assholes of the Sun Central isn't that the place where Tom jikki used to work that's the word and the reason I say used is because on their website the last article that he wrote was July 29th.
Then he was off in California California getting wind and dying by all the TV promoters all those assholes out there and then that's it.
But I'm the one because I'm here in Toronto I'm supposed to be out of touch.
I thought to touch this time okay touch most bald spot maybe you could borrow most peace wouldn't have looked lovely with that less grown on the set with that weasel he has a spare no.
I'm sure he does and a spare tire to more sex abuse charges filed against upstate evangelist before we even get to the days pull which is already up there this was.
I'll be damn I guess I agree huh I came back what do you mean by that for some reason it reset it reset well that's good so I can vote for it again we got I like today's pull a lot.
I started out with like two or three choices the more I thought about I thought this is really a nifty anyway we'll get to that when we get around with.
But first Anderson South Carolina more sex abuse charges filed against upstate evangelist and upstate evangelist accused of sexually abusing children has been charged with 13 more counts of sex abuse.
In connection with crimes against for a can count of youths police said.
James Wesley McCoy 31 of bath South Carolina has been charged with three counts of criminal sexual conduct with a minor and 10 counts of a lute act upon a minor.
The warrants were mailed and served to McCoy at the Occoni County jail well what a bunch of mug ones you know and you like it there in the car.
I know I know not South Carolina I know where he's been held since May 12 said they can share spokesman Lieutenant Michael Frank.
The additional charges stem from incidents against four victims in Akin Frank said in fact I hear they're still Akin in May McCoy was charged with committing sex acts with 13 and 14 year old girls nice gone pops upstate evangelist McCoy who has McCoy ministries based in Greenville is charged with sex abuse in five South Carolina counties Akin Kirschau Lawrence Occoni and Pickens.
That's what the Pickens is what he said so we have a girl for the 13 and 14 year olds.
That's just tragic pathetic shame on you pops you pervert here's another one I didn't realize just out of the blue came all of the stuff just pouring in on a facts machine by the way did I read that sir a Christian radio employee charged with child pornography from the American Family Association more than 500 times.
I will look at back to it accused of abuse preaches on leave the room and this is in Tampa oh my God are you ready for that is it starting to sink a little closer to home and you know what we say about that that's right what another month you notice yeah of course we shouldn't be surprised by this but the places where there are more and more mug ones this seems to be although you know we can make the exception father gay and who's still dead.
That was in Boston a lot of the stuff in Boston which is hardly known as a mug one place right that's terrible tragedy what what is that I don't get it.
Oh you mean father gay again. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Poor father gay again won't see him no more. It's like Paulie and the Godfather won't see him no more.
I tried to stay with a straight face. It was only accidental you do realize that he was left with that guy who was abused as a child and wanted to get even that skinhead.
That was just a coincidence that the regards happened to be diddling around out in the courtyard while he got off while he got strangled and gagged and choked on it.
They're bad. Choked on this father you piece of turd you you turd.
Tampa the Reverend Timothy Kelly and assistant pastor at St. Timothy Catholic Church in Tampa to voluntary leave last week while the diocese investigates an allegation that he molested a boy 20 years ago.
Kelly 56 couldn't be reached for comment be denied the allegations Sunday in a statement to parishioners somebody who's been a friend of mine has falsely accused me misconduct with him when he was a minor.
I'll do everything to defend my innocence help the diocese come to the truth he be saying.
Neither Kelly nor the diocese identified as a cuser but the allegations were outlined in the lawsuit filed in a panelist Pasco circuit court last Friday.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
How many more weeks before some people come back?
How many more weeks before some people come back?
Jesus, that's like more than half of the year.
I think basically there are people there like December, January, February, and March.
That's it. And a little bit of April and then they get out.
They get out. Right? Sure.
What kind of a place is that?
It's like it's like it's like a horse in buggy town.
How long can that place continue calling itself a major market?
They get 10,000 people to a baseball game allegedly.
They get 10,000 people to a baseball game allegedly.
They get 10,000 people on the off the off line drop dog.
On an off-line off the top superstar young pitcher on a mountain
when they are tied for a wild card
where they can be leading by a game going into the game last night.
There's nothing going on.
Nobody wants to be there.
That's not a majorんと voli market like a world class city like your son.
It's still stopping point.
It's still stopping point.
It's a dropping off.
You just get that out of there.
Heal.
That's why I took that poll the other day.
What's the biggest problem?
Too many Cubans.
Well, I think we need to bring them there.
I haven't I said for years, bring in a whole bunch of buses, bring in a fleet of buses,
thousands of them.
And just take a hold.
We have incoming and outgoing.
And we need a people transplant in South Florida.
I mean, the weather we can't do anything about, especially with this president, because
it's pretty soon it'll be 148 degrees in December up north.
But we can't do nothing about that.
But it sure is how it will be a lot more pleasant if we had pleasant people, if we had
some progressive leadership, if we had some real newspapers, if we had some real broadcasters
on TV and it was imposed upon a bunch of silly clowns like Angela Ray, laughing up her ass.
Jesus God.
And like Elliot Rodriguez with his professional Cuban Isimo Krab, we're tired of that
crap.
We want some real people in there.
We want to have some people under the age of 100, which I know is illegal.
Wouldn't that be a tremendous novelty?
Oh, no.
We got to get rid of spring break.
There's too many young punks here, man.
There's too many people drinking beer.
We'd rather have a bunch of old people popping the pills and pretending to be driving out
there and creating drive-thrues and buildings where there isn't any.
That's what we'd rather have.
That whole South Beach thing, man, what a joke.
What age joke.
It was like a band-aid on a gigantic tumor, putting a little tiny band-aid on a Titanic.
You got a few blocks down there on South Beach with a deco this and deco that.
I wish I had that thing on Barbara Kappett.
You've got the carpet.
I don't want to hear it.
Okay.
No, I don't.
It makes me think of her yellow teeth.
I had her on the show one time when she was screaming against Casino gambling.
Our deco, she was one of the leaders for this deco thing.
She's long since dead, but I'm sure she's just laughing up her ass in the box.
See, I told you, we don't need gambling.
We've got deco.
We've got the South Beach.
Yeah, like 10 blocks.
10 blocks.
What about you, screaming queens running around there?
A bunch of muscle-bond screaming queens in a body and muscle shirts over play-stressed
rots with the-
Yeah, a lot of really shishy places.
A lot of really shishy guys.
And I do mean he, she, and she, and then you got misstroged down there.
I wonder if Ann Colter is living in the same building.
Think?
Same room.
You think they're rubbing their strap-ons together?
They both got a strap-on.
So that's our poll question today.
We should do a thing like when, when hell is anybody coming back?
Okay.
We're not doing that today, but I'm serious.
We ought to do that.
I mean, it's- it's getting frightening to me now because you just- you see it.
But it's like a ghost town in the summertime.
And you have to contend with it, which- nice job to summer, George, if I do say so myself.
All right.
No, it was.
It was- it was, it was, it was not, I mean, not great.
It was fairly weak, but no, it's seriously a good job.
And we'll do that poll next week after the audience finally comes back.
I mean, you know, you know, everything's going to come around.
They come back.
Well, no, we're putting the pieces together.
You officially hear it on this show.
The other guy's on the stage.
We got some good guys.
But you know, they talk crap, you know, ball games, this and ball games, that.
You know, and they just slide on by, you know, like all this other stuff.
They're oblivious to it.
Because of course, they're there to talk.
Tuts.
Right.
That's all it's all about.
A bunch of stupid ball games that nobody cares about.
That's why Ferrell is going over so big because he mixes in a little tiny bit of-
Tuts.
With a bunch of dirty crap.
You know, we like that.
The audience wants to hear a bunch of dirty crap.
Shake it in.
And we want to hear about this one's package and this one's rack.
And the big D, I rack-y packages.
Exactly.
So anyway, here's our poll question today.
Which of these- and I got to change one, Eric.
I hate to do this because I know his back is ill and.
But I left the word out.
It wasn't his bad.
It was mine because it doesn't make any sense.
Although it's still already getting votes.
Which of these would be the most humiliating to be discovered as a cross-dresser.
Which we talked yesterday about guys who wear bras and panties and like to wear-
and evidently it's fairly common.
Straight guys.
Okay.
That's what Ray Perry told me.
Oh, I see.
To fart on an elevator.
Now see, I could have- we could have done a whole poll just on the different categories of where you would fart.
Right, sure.
But I'm not going to do that.
We'll do that another time.
Because you could clarify that you could like narrow it down.
If you fart on an elevator, there's only two people on there and you're one of them.
Right.
Well, guess what?
The other person knows they didn't do it.
I think it's implied.
No, not necessarily.
If you fart on a crowded elevator, it's pretty embarrassing too.
That's true.
But then you can never be sure.
Oh, and see, the secret to that is there like if you're standing online at publics.
I know.
And there's about six people online like at the express line and you fart real bad.
And the thing is you look around like when I was just like, oh, geez, who cut that?
Oh, my God.
And that's the only way to protect yourself.
I like to look at the old lady.
Of course, don't let me see that stain in the back of your pants.
They have a pretty good idea.
It might have been you.
That's the other question.
To be discovered as a cross-dress, you're to fart an elevator.
To be a straight guy and see the word caught needs to be in there.
To be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy.
Without the word caught it, I mean, you could have sex with another guy if nobody knows it.
It's not that humiliating because you're probably enjoying it.
You know what I mean?
You're probably like getting a little hummer while you're on your cell phone.
But to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy.
So we need the word caught in there.
And it's not going to fit on the line.
So I'm not going to do it.
But there will be a whole lot of over it fits everything fits.
Okay, just relax.
To be discovered as a pedophile, which already is rivaling for the top spot.
The fart during sex, which I was reading your column about that the other day, is very, very common.
This is the most common cause.
Whatever happened to them by the way, common cause.
Who?
Common cause.
Don't you remember the organization?
The political organization, common cause.
You don't?
No.
Boy, you're an idiot.
Okay.
But anyway, this is the most common cause of like the coitus interruptus.
Is one partner or farts?
And like that kind of like, I don't know.
Damn it.
Damn it's the whole scene.
I've written that.
Okay, next choice.
We got several choices on the pool.
You poop your pants in public, which is almost in first place.
I'm going to vote it for.
I voted for somebody.
I did too.
I did too, because I've done that.
I pooped my pants.
Although, although I never pooped my pants around anybody else, thank goodness.
I'm trying to think of the number of times I've done that.
Now, the one time in the car doesn't count because I was alone in the car.
Remember, I told you I just, right?
I was almost home, but I knew it was hopeless.
I pointed out I'd be turning.
So I figured it out.
What's the other thing I did?
I let it go.
I let it all out.
And the worst part of that is when you get into the garage, thank goodness.
I got, you know, the, what you call a door, you know, remote control door.
And you go inside and you close the door and make sure nobody can do it.
And then you get up and all of a sudden, like Lincoln logs are on your shoes and on the ground.
It's very embarrassing.
In my beautiful Corvette, too.
Thank you.
I traded that car in real shit.
Yeah, but I think later that day, very premature evacuated, ejaculation.
I mean, and we underlined the very part.
You know what I mean?
I did.
Especially like those young punks, you know, the first time they're doing like about three strokes and, uh,
score, it's it pretty embarrassing.
I didn't premature.
You're probably a big Woody in public.
I mean, it's obviously visible.
Or you pick up what turns out to be a female, which you didn't think was all that embarrassing.
I can't imagine a few things worse.
I mean, what a, what a blow to your ego.
What a blow to your ego.
I mean, it's embarrassing.
Wouldn't be the word I would choose.
It's frustrating, aggravating.
No, humiliating.
First of all, the poll doesn't say embarrassing if you read it.
And secondly, it's a humiliating.
I think it is humiliating.
It's degrading like, oh my god.
That's what I'm on up with.
That's the best I could do is this.
Whatever the thing is.
The she he.
You'd be saying, you would be saying T.
If it was a she he, I'll guarantee you that.
Somebody else might.
So that's what we got.
We got a lot of votes in there already.
It's a sensational poll.
We already got 100 votes.
I haven't even liked this put out.
10, 50, 75, 60, WQM.
And you know, Tristrad, we love you.
You're a good guy, old number 23.
But you are so full of crap.
He takes last year's copy again.
He crosses it out like it's a joke.
9, 3, 2002.
And he puts 9, 3, 0, 3.
Today's date.
I mean, this is our sales department, folks.
So when you hear for real and everybody else
and hang bitching about our sales department,
it's not stickman.
There are assholes.
They just don't want to do any work.
Anyway, here's the deal on balance for life.
There's no assholes over there.
Just people that really know their stuff inside and out.
And helping lose the weight with that little black sack.
There's no cooking.
There's no shopping.
No cleaning.
No worries.
No calorie counting.
No carbohydrate counting.
No eating a bunch of little tiny stuff out of a box.
That's nothing but a chemical feast.
Good, delicious, fresh goodies.
They have three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in your black sack.
They deliver right to your doorstep by 6 a.m. every day.
And of course, it's based on the zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears.
Remember, Dr. Sears?
I think he was kind to Jay and the Bryan Sears at Robotic.
And man, you will love it.
Because like I said, the food is delicious.
And there's plenty of it, not perikete-sized portions.
So if you're tired, if you tried all the other weight loss programs,
and you still have fat, slob, and you're like diabetic around the verge of it,
it ain't no fun.
If you'd like to really live a few years, here's the deal.
Called Balance for Life.
And the only figure out you have to do like I always tell you is that little menu
they send you every week, you have two choices for each meal and snack.
And you fill out the menu, facts it back.
And there it is. That's exactly what they bring it.
Call them today. Balance for life.
You'll start losing that weight within just a matter of days.
Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-30-2-29.
9-5-4-5-6-8-30-2-29.
Or check them out on the Wicked World Wide Web at BalanceForLife.com.
My, my, and Lord, this is Fort Real, by City.
You ain't too late.
I want your ball.
Don't forget your footwear.
Hey there, this here is Bill Clinton.
Now y'all have heard about the national Do Not Call list
that stops telemarketers from bugging you at home.
Well now there's a new list that blocks another kind of unwanted call.
Oh, my hand hold on.
Right. Hello.
Hi Bill. I was reading leaves of grass and I had to call you.
I miss you. Who's my judgey bill?
I thought I told you not to call when you're-
Bill, who's on the phone?
I do not want to switch to MCI.
Come back.
Yes, that was close.
Thankfully, calls like that will be a thing of the past when you put your name on the national Do Not Call when my wife is homeless.
It's guaranteed that block calls from all sorts of mistresses.
Like fat interns, ugly interns, chicks with big noses, chicks with big butts, chicks with big butts and big noses.
Best of all, when you're left, leave the house. Those calls are automatically put through.
I'm going to a book signing.
The national Do Not Call when my wife is homeless because your affairs are your own affairs.
I did not have phone relations with that woman since signing up with that list.
I'm at 03 at 5.60 WQAM.
Let's take a call or two, shall we?
Because I got a lot of stuff here. We got to hurry.
Right?
Because it's hump Wednesday and we got that big comedy Vitts 1 to 2 hour. That one ain't never going away.
Good. We like it a lot.
But that other stuff that's taken our way through it, that was bad.
You know, we don't apologize for it, do we?
No.
We enjoyed it.
And the audience probably enjoyed it too because what else are you going to listen to a bunch of crap?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, now.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great. Sensational.
I'm doing great.
Hey, I was hoping you could do me a favor.
Maybe.
Please retire.
Please retire.
You're doing different voice today, though, huh?
Yeah, different voice.
See, he's trying a new tactic.
Here's a Del Rey Beach.
Hello.
Hey, guys. How you doing?
Del Rey.
Hey, Del Rey is up here sitting on the bench.
It's waiting for you guys to answer my line.
I forget that guy's last guy there.
They're going to call everyone for the loudest light.
He stayed on pole for about 20 minutes to say that.
Probably.
I just want to go on.
No, I didn't think he'd either call somebody to.
He's using his real voice now.
I think it's more a classy.
I want to get on the pole there to play you through this fun edge.
Put your powder around, push on what you got in here.
Hard on.
Hard on in public is probably the number one thing is.
But the worst is if you're in a swimming, you get a hard on.
If you're what?
In a swimming and you get a hard on.
Really?
He's got a big hard on.
And you stand up in a swimming, rather embarrassing.
Oh, my God.
I mean, what a guy next to me.
He's often as old girlfriend before the, you know, the meat stuff.
A little excited.
Rather embarrassing when they say I'm laying on.
I will think you're.
Mark Spitz.
Yeah.
They used to say Mark Spitz and Eddie Swallows.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Now, can you tell me something?
Because I don't know anything about gymnastics other than most of Marguer and most of them are like,
well, not some are pretty good looking.
Not any gayer than the divers now.
No, not even close.
No, but seriously, what I wonder is that when you see guys like doing, what do they call those things?
What do the rings they call those things?
No, not that kind of ring, George.
The rings.
The rings.
And like they're, and they always, always seems like they have something protruding there.
You know, like they have a gigantic kielbasa in their bag.
Have you noticed that?
I think they wear a padded piece.
A card piece.
Yes.
Yes indeed.
He's in the world.
He's got a big hard on.
One of the other.
Which is one of the reasons I, oh, let's go back to those days when we had, who are the bark corners?
I don't know.
Not Matt Lapanzi.
He was married to Olivia Loonjohn.
He was in a cute movie.
You know I'm talking about Mitch Gatorer.
Okay.
Mitch Gatorer.
There's a bunch of other queens.
There was one year, man, where the US Olympic team was just, wow, like a bunch of male models.
And they all, uh, they've got a big hard on.
Yeah.
They all had, like I said, pad piece.
Yeah.
What was that?
Artists 12 inches.
Oh.
I thought maybe we were going to hear that interview with Mo and the cheerleaders.
So we're going to get that?
Yeah.
We have, uh, not the ability to play it right off if you know what I mean.
But we have it in our production.
But we're working on it.
We'll have it momentarily.
The worst, for us is the worst interview in the history of radio.
The most embarrassing, humiliating, and degrading.
See, I was thinking that might also be another choice.
We're not going to put it on to Eric.
Please.
We're not going to put it on.
And you notice how quick Eric made the change on that thing and didn't have to go to the next line.
Like lightning.
Nice going, Eric.
See, I should probably feel good about Eric doing such a great job lately.
I really feel bad.
You want to know why?
Why, no.
Because no, because what it shows is that for a couple of years, they were holding back on us.
See what I mean?
Remember, he's got the ability to be like as phenomenal on that website as anybody in the universe.
But he was like, uh, slacken off, you know?
Okay.
And so now we realize his true abilities that, you know, three owes us big time.
And he's catching up.
Hi, job, Eric.
Which of these would be most humiliating, 129 votes?
I was also, I started to say, going to put on there, being caught listening to the Mohawar David show.
But that's, you know, that's just a gratuitous chief shot, which we do usually enjoy doing.
Which of these would be the most humiliating to poop your pants in public, 39?
To be discovered as a pedophile, 35, to pick up what, see, I firmly believe that pedophiles need to be institutionalized for life.
Okay.
Yeah.
There's no cure for pedophiles.
No.
So why do they keep putting a back on the street and then it's like, oh, gee, we just can't believe they did it again.
Well, that's, that's their thing.
See, and we just aren't accepting.
No, no, no, right.
We just don't accept their thing.
The tall wall.
They need to be on the other side of it.
Exactly.
Now, what do they ever decide about John Hinckley?
Do they make that decision yesterday or not?
Because I didn't see the story.
Don't know.
I thought they were going to decide, well, we'll get to it.
Let's get back to the poll.
Let's get to the important stuff, okay?
Because this is one of my better polls.
138 votes.
Which of these would be most humiliating?
Puping your pants in public, 42?
Can we discover it as a pedophile 38?
To pick up what turns out to be a she-mail 20?
See, George?
Aha!
How do you like that?
Oh, we put it.
It's humiliating.
That's not the word I would think of.
Any self-respecting guy would be like, look, I can't put humiliating, embarrassing, degrading, disappointing.
You know, it's, uh, Jesus, for a guy that puts up crappy polls like you do, you're someone to, you know, to be picking on this.
To be a straight guy, going to having sex with another guy, 16.
To fart during sex.
11.
To have a very premature ejaculation, George, George, 6.
Like before you even get it out of your pants, it's not a good idea.
To fart on an elevator, too, to pop a big woody in public appear, and to be discovered as a cross-dress is only got one.
You see?
That cross-dress thing is not as unpopular as we thought.
No.
It wouldn't surprise me if a large percentage of the audience is a...
...the third man.
He's, uh, we're in, guys, we're in bras and undies right now.
Probably out of the cab drivers.
It's probably comfortable, you know?
It's luxurious, man.
Might explain a lot.
Oh, yeah.
Which is why sometimes you see guys like rubbing their breasts.
Who now was talking about it the other day?
Oh, Joe Rose, it was great.
Nice going, Joe.
About the fact that he's, uh, when he takes a shirt off as he's, because he used to exercise a lot and he stopped.
Right?
And so now he's got like large breasts.
He was complaining about the fact that he's got large breasts.
Mm-hmm.
So now, Claretz, there's something for you to think about.
Joe might get a little bit out of sorts, but if the beast, you know, just continues turning it down.
The next time the little dog is in the building, Claretz might consider grabbing a little handful of that.
Head full of teeth in the breast, too.
So there's our pull question, which I like tremendously.
I think it's sensational.
It's right on top of it.
See, the pooping and a pants thing, I started with the story.
Let me take a call or two, because I've got many poop stories.
You know, that's how we went from toilets yesterday to poop stories today.
This show is rooting in a crapper.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Let's go King.
Let's go King.
Yeah, go far soon, please.
Here's the adventurer.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
Hey, Neil. I want to contribute to a band and pet rescue.
Yeah.
I have a really great idea.
Because I want to be one of your voices like Mount Bernie, man.
And I think if you put up like you've been to that voice, you've been to that voice.
I'll start the bid right now for $200 for me to have that voice.
So you take a few of your voices.
There's no clear in the church.
You know, one of those.
And we'll bid on it.
And whoever with the highest bid, you'll use that voice.
Mount Bernie, again.
There's a fact in the church.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I want to make you a bid on the voice.
What does that mean?
Well, what I mean is, it's sad to me.
My voice to be about 30, man.
I'll bid for a part with his voice.
Let's put it in the heart with his voice.
Oh, no. There's no chance of that.
No chance of that.
No, let me say it again.
There is not a chance in a hell of that.
I mean, how could you replace...
You can't replace that.
It's your replacement.
It's your replacement.
It's your replacement.
It's your $300, $400 for that.
For someone to say that voice.
Mount Bernie, man.
Well, how about if you just send a 300 or 400 bucks
would be good.
We'll take it.
Yeah.
I know.
I know.
Well, it's just an idea.
Okay, bad one.
Thank you.
Bad one.
Now, we'll take the three or...
See, if somebody really wants to donate 300 or 400 bucks, they'll do it.
Right.
Right?
No, no.
Go through a whole bunch of stuff.
Then maybe we'll take a bunch of...
We're not going to do a bunch of gymnastics and gyrations and stuff.
All the same.
There's the gymnastics again.
You got to go with Mitch Gailord.
Remember that great movie, American Anthem?
I give it about a one on a scale of 5,000, but he was in it.
And during...
At least he's consistent.
He may not be a good actor or anything else.
He was pretty good at gymnast.
But one thing we can always say about Mitch Gailord.
He's got a big heart on.
He's got a cod piece in his pants.
Yeah.
Well, it's probably like to attract the...
You know what I'm saying?
I think it's for protection and discretion.
I don't think it's for a...
A discretion, so it doesn't go flopping around.
So it doesn't...
Yeah.
See, in my case, when you're a small design, you can't relate to that.
We had a button...
No, actually not a button mushroom, a straw mushroom.
Have you ever eaten a Chinese restaurant and had straw mushrooms?
Sometimes those small ones can protrude.
Real?
I'm saying that like they don't really embarrassing them.
Boy, if you could actually let them almost see it.
And of course, if you're under the blanket, laughing or ass off.
And they would...
You call that a penis?
Right.
You do it a ring routine.
You can't exactly reach down and adjust it.
And that's what freaky Carlisus was doing his real routine.
Come in, it's after 11 at 560 W.C.M. you're perverted, sick, disgusting, grotesque station for new millennium.
And we're pretty god damn proud of it too, okay, whether anybody likes it or not.
Especially the American and the Florida Family Association.
Yeah.
You bunch of hypocrites, ponies.
That'd be a good pull to make.
Who the bigger hypocrites, the American Family Association and their counterparts in each day, including Florida, or the Catholic Church.
All those priest out there.
Well, son, you masturbated.
You must say 400 Hail Mary's and come back and to bring me the other samples.
Who the hell you crazy people with that confession crept?
There's a bunch of perverts sitting on the other side of that confessional and your tongue, all your intimate stuff, you know?
And they're sitting on the other side rubbing themselves raw to a bloody stump.
Who the hell are they kidding?
How can so many god damn people be so freaking stupid?
You know what I'm saying?
When you're gonna wake up and sniff the pansies, that's what you need to do.
Take it from somebody who knows. I know my pansies, mister. Believe you'll meet.
I've smelled a few of you in my time.
Like that Kevin Baxter.
1113 at 560 WQA. I'm announcing a 2003 Neo-Rages end of the summer clearance sale going on right now at Halibutty Act GMC.
Get you the lowest prices in town for my good close personal buddies. Tom Laminit and Joe Priator.
You can't beat him with a stick and don't try it.
For the special promotion of your vehicles, then mark down to the absolute rock bottom price.
And it's going on right now.
Plus, get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single Pontiac or GMC in stock at Halibut again right now.
You can also buy 2003 Pontiac Sunfire for the unbelievably low price of only 11,998.
Or get you a full size year for just 15,998.
But you better hurry it now because inventories will be limited.
At Halibut you can still test drive any vehicle on the lock for 24 hours.
Take it home, take it to work, take it to Moe's house and get a peek at his piece.
And of course Halibut has also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
Don't worry about your credit even if it's marginal, even if it has a few blemishes on it and your credit record too.
It's never a problem at Halibut because they want to make you an dealer, want to sell you a vehicle.
Halibutty Act GMC 134-1 South Dixie Highway.
That's on prestigious US-1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info on any of these special deals just call the meal deal hotline tool free.
1-885-344-4211.
That's one for 0-885-344-111.
Please keep in mind all meal deals, subject to credit, approval, seat, time and Joe and all other good folks at Halibutty.
That's at Halibutty Act GMC who be professional grade.
I'm in the local of this city's five cities.
The radio's on your side.
You in.
Which girls team they play next week huh?
Which little girls blind team they play?
I hear her playing basses.
I hear her playing basses.
You can worship in peace.
You can marry a girl named Steve.
A best cop culture.
It's fun to stay at the best cop culture.
Yeah.
You're man, you're man.
We will let you run in.
Young man, you're man.
We sing Schoetzensnackin.
11-18-560-WQM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
Here's a call from Gearfield. Hello.
New.
Yes sir.
Can you put that on your bit from Cool Hand Loot, what they have here?
Oh my god. Is this incredible or what?
I mean, it's wildlife zone.
This is the same Schoetzensnackin.
Yesterday it was the same thing.
Could you put that on your bits?
How about kibbles and bits?
It sounds like a good lunch for your pal.
Because this shows going to the dogs with colors like that.
Jesus, Keg, that's right.
Kibbles and bits is for cats in it.
I don't know.
Now you give it to the cat before after you put it into my pillow.
Kibbles and bits is for dogs.
It is? Yeah. Kibbles and Schmitz?
I'm not really sure. I never fed my dog.
Kibbles and Schmitz.
They are remembered the commercial.
5670560. We're talking about your favorite dog food today.
Peerina.
Pupin, your pants is what we're talking about.
Peerina? Oh my god, your dog's going to die soon.
Oh, we don't feed it to the dog. I eat it.
It's good and cheap.
No, seriously. You feed your dog up here in it.
It will die. Of course not.
Of course you don't feed it in it. Yes it will.
You don't feed it in it. No, I don't.
You feed our dog. How about one?
Peerina makes that I believe.
I don't like to eat it.
5670560.
Pound 560. See, it's a damn good thing.
I got all the stuff because I already built out that beautiful pole today,
which is getting a humongous response.
But the building, the pole thing, they just, you know, there's nothing there.
There's absolutely nothing there, which is astonishing to me.
Even the 25 different categories, the 70 categories we got on the pole.
Not third man.
Don't inspire. We had the one guy that was talking about swimmers, you know,
getting a poppin wood in their pants.
Right. Which I imagine would be mighty embarrassing.
You know, you're standing up there on the diving board right before you hold your big meat.
And all of a sudden.
And of course a lot of those guys, and see, that's why they always look straight ahead.
See, they would tell you that they want to be caught.
No, they would tell you that they want to concentrate and wait till they hear it.
To start, you know, on your bark, it said all of that.
That has nothing to do with it. They don't want to look around.
Because if they see somebody other guys next to them,
they've got only nose one thing, my god.
But it's especially bad when you climb up out of the water and your suits all clingy.
I see.
Everyone sees.
Oh, now, now you know who that's going to be on line nine.
I think we might do like callless Wednesday today.
We might just have to do that.
No, maybe my psychic powers are paying off.
But really, I have better powers than Riva on guiding light.
I got just a whole pile of good stuff.
Which I don't really do it that much anymore.
Because people don't want to hear me reading stuff on the air.
You know, they get very antsy with that.
Some of us like it.
Yeah, I'm sure you do.
Here's Miami. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
From Miami, I just turned 58.
Very good.
Hello.
It's not Reverend Jones.
Why does he always say, thank everybody that Reverend Jones got?
He doesn't sound a-it's Reverend Jones, you're right.
I'll talk a few extra words for me because it takes like an extra half a second to get here.
Right, there's a delay.
5670560, we're getting nothing but idiots including that guy with the-
What we have here is a failure to get rid of the crappy callers.
Of course, when you only have one and you know it's going to be that the goofball again on line nine.
See, because nobody in Pemberpine calls on line nine, Scott.
I understand.
You understand?
Yes, sir.
And now I realize we can't be choosy because there's nobody else on line right now.
But nobody in Pemberpine is going to call on line nine.
So you know it's got to be that jerk ball because he figures that's the way he's going to get on.
And he's not on too long.
Pemberpine, hello.
Hello, darn it.
There's him.
See?
So we're not going to get no calls today, which is okay.
It doesn't bother me at all because most of your calls suck anyway.
We're not going to get any women calling today.
No.
No.
It's like I know since he's a humor.
5670560, people just do screen lists the rest of the day.
They'll want to clock.
What do you think?
I'll ask that.
I have a little vacation there.
Then Scott can pay a little more attention to like some other things like those naked pictures you got on a wall.
Things like that.
By the way, did I read that article Christian Radio employee charge with child pornography enough yet?
Not this hour.
Not enough.
We'll get to it this hour.
Here's the Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Hollywood.
Hey, how's it going now?
Are you in Hollywood, sir?
I am, sir.
Okay, good.
Checking.
I got to tell you, swimmers, foam more pale than any other sports athlete.
Yeah.
What do you think about that?
I don't.
You don't think?
No.
Swimmers are a bunch of faggot, man.
That's a text, man.
Not the ones I know.
Swimmers are all fags.
Swimmers, divers.
Gay.
Guys, bodybuilders like Arnold are all bunch of fags.
Well, divers are definitely fags, and that's right.
And what about Jim Nist?
Oh, absolutely faggot.
Absolutely homo.
I mean, even his name was Mitch Gay.
Lord, what did I tell you?
What about Balram Kenther?
He sure was pretty though.
I'll tell you that.
I like those, uh, uh, Jim Nist.
Yeah, I get tongue-tied just now.
No, actually it was like all in one year.
There was, there was a three or four Weedy Hot American kids on a gymnastics team on the Olympic team.
Yeah, I like gymnasts too.
Bart Conner, man, he was, she was really, I don't know what he was.
He, he, oh, and who was the little guy from Indiana?
I've actually gotten those ones talking about.
Not.
Come on, Scott.
Who was the little guy from Indiana?
The little gymnastics guy from Indiana with Brown here.
He was, he wasn't a queen.
He was married.
But he was, uh, cute.
I don't see that.
He was cute.
I can't see that.
I don't know.
And then he became like a commentator on the network and all those, uh, oh, come on.
And he was like in a couple of movies.
Let's get with it here.
You people, you're two of, you're obsessed with your goddamn football already.
Where they're running around grabbing each other and re-enkin' him down by the crotch.
That's what you're upset about.
This football crab.
You don't know who I'm talking about?
No, we don't.
Tim Horton.
Tim Horton.
Boy, does he make a good donut?
No, he can't.
He can do a real good donut.
So anyway, speaking about pooping in your pants, yeah, always going to have a donut on the seat.
That's what my mother says.
She's big.
She's very not only big in the bomb movements, but also the accompaniment of the accessories.
You know what I mean?
No.
I don't do it.
Oh, yeah.
Haven't you ever gone into like a big department store and have like a BN accessories?
Like they have the rubber ring to put on the seat.
Oh, yeah.
The condom.
Right.
The seat condom.
Which does nothing.
Let me ask you about that.
If your ass is insulated, you get a little bit carried away on this now.
Yeah.
You're starting to get that ass sensation going on.
How does that help you with the splashing, the inevitable spot?
I'll tell you what.
Calm mom.
She'll tell you.
All right.
All right.
Yeah, do know it.
Which of these is most humiliating to poop your pants in public, which some of us have done and we're proud to tell you that.
We survived it.
59.
To be discovered as a pedophile, 47, like Reverend Jones, what the third time?
It turns to be what to pick up a turns out to be a female 24 to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy 23, especially if you're on your cell phone.
To fart during sex, 17 to have a very premature ejaculation 10 to fart on an elevator, only three to pop a big woody in public still only has a pair.
And only one to be discovered is a cross-dresser.
This audience like their whole cross-dresser.
I think they're trying it.
I think they're not going to hold it up there and try it right now.
See, did I say we're going to have, I don't want to pick on Scott.
Did I say we do screenless to one o'clock?
I got me to call him.
Take him to my long hole.
He put him off because I scared the audience into calling now.
You scared him.
We might get to someone who might have your answer.
What's that?
Kurt Thomas.
That's it.
Kurt Thomas.
Nice.
Thank you.
Who called that in?
Scott.
Who called that in?
He just remembered it.
Scott.
Nice call.
Scott is about time he did something useful.
So, even a couple of weeks.
Number 22.
Tony Nathan.
Thank you.
No problem.
No, seriously, I really didn't think Barcage was 22.
It's been a long time.
How many years since he played?
About third man.
Been a long time since the little Barcage.
Higgy.
He was one of those guys who tried.
And by the way, Moe has got a sexual fetish with Jay Feeder.
That isn't just a joke.
I heard a report Scott was telling me this morning.
I can't believe it.
The obsession that Moe is about.
Jay, you better watch yourself.
OK.
Bring your cod piece when you're in a game.
Because if Moe comes charging out at both at halftime,
your ass is in deep jeopardy.
The hardest 12 inches in bookball.
That's what he wants.
Love it 27 at 5.60 WQM.
It's not hard.
It's easy to get the brandies because they're at the same great location.
They've been doing it right for over 25 years in South Florida.
What are they doing right there taking care of you and your feet?
They got the top names in the shoe business.
They got rock ports, echoes, nephisto, Timberland Clarks, SAS, Floreshime.
All the names you know and love.
The top names.
No crap.
And they have all the big sizes and little sizes too.
Moe's, I think Kurt Thomas had tiny feet.
They got men's sizes 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12,
and woods from the very narrow to the very wide.
And of course because they got over 40,000 pairs in stock in their 8,000 square foot megastore,
you can vet Scott Jr.'s life on it that exactly what you're looking for is in stock,
in your size ready to pop on your feet.
Brandie shoes, the best shoe store in town, the R1290 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach,
open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5,
and the end of the summer sale continues at Brandies 30 to 50% off on all famous brands.
Rock ports, Brandies has more styles than anybody in town.
SAS, largest selection in South Florida as you'd expect.
New balance, all sizes from narrow to wide,
in stock ready to slap on your feet,
and Floreshime over 4,000 pair in stock.
If you want to treat your feet right, if you want to beat your feet on the Mississippi,
uh, Joseco, then head for Brandies in Poppano Beach.
We're a sports radio 5cd, UAM.
Yo, let's rap for Radio Big Shot.
That's how we pass the time away in the G.O.J.L.H.
Hi, are you a male of an alternative lifestyle or heterosexual male
who's willing to pretend to be one?
Then we need you. Who are we?
We are the alternative lifestyle and semi-alternative lifestyle casting agency.
With reality shows and sitcoms being the last heterosexual than ever,
we really could use your presence on them.
The alternative lifestyle and semi-alternative lifestyle casting agency will put you
on one of the current 998 network programs that are likely to suffer ratings decrease
if they don't start cleaning it up, Joseco.
Am I right, Dorothy?
Oh, absolutely. We're going to be holding casting calls in your area soon.
So get those 8x11 black and white glasses together along with the list of all the previous episodes
of Queer With Spoke that you've appeared on as well as any willing great cameo
for two ever made because we think we can make you us.
So what do you say? Let's do it together. Let's make you a hip.
Hip-Hip baby. Oh, that's good.
1132-560 WQM Happy Wednesday.
By the way, just checked. I looked at the window and I yelled out of the street.
I said, how many straight people have gotten Toronto this week?
And they said,
About third man.
Christian Radio employee charged with child pornography.
I'm going to wait that again a couple minutes.
No, it just really makes my day.
Go ahead, punk.
201 votes on here.
Which of these would be the most humiliating?
To poop your pants in public, 63.
To be discovered as a pedophile, 48.
To be a straight guy, quite having sex with another guy, 26.
To pick up what turns out to be a she-mail, 24.
To fart during sex, 20.
To have a very premature ejaculation, only 12.
I thought that would do better, wouldn't you? No.
We're not talking about alone.
We're not talking about when you're by yourself.
To fart on an elevator, 4.
To pop a big woody in public, it's got 3.
And we discovered as a cross dress, it's only got 1.
I'm telling you, man, it's big. It's the end thing.
Let's have a convention.
Here's the assault grass. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
How are you? Keep up.
Very good. I'm doing it.
Hello?
Yes, I'm speaking to me, sir. Tell me something.
Okay. I just want to make a request.
Could you play that to make a woman?
No, no. We're not playing that to make in woman.
What is going on here today?
I thought yesterday we crossed the line.
We did the demarcation, but I thought yesterday was phenomenal.
And all of a sudden, you people are regressing back into the stone age.
Jesus, Kate, Christ and Mary, what kind of crap all is this?
Could you play a request? No, we couldn't play a request.
And by the way, would you make in women's suck?
That's probably why he likes them.
They are condescending. They're obnoxious. They make me nauseous.
There might be a couple of receptions. I haven't met them yet.
Now, there was one in my bank there. I better speak.
I don't think she's there anymore anyway.
In fact, did you make a woman in my bank?
Well, I don't want to go into it.
Because they're kind of finally straight in their act-off for a little while.
Yeah.
Well, what? I've got all this stuff, and I'm not doing it because I'm getting...
I'm sucking myself into, like, Ron Jeremy into, like, taking phone calls.
No, it's bad. It's a stupid thing.
These people have nothing to say. Like, some miracle happened during the summertime,
and all of a sudden, these people are...
I mean, even the stuff that we have on this poll today should engender,
you can say that, should stimulate.
I have a lot of conversation.
But I'm like me, who's the honest guy, that tells you a story about
I pooped my pants in a hotel in Rome,
and I pooped my pants in a car in a Corvette on a way home one day.
I mean, these things happen. You know, Schmidt happens literally.
You popped a woody while you were swimming naked with your schoolmates.
Yeah, if I popped a...
Oh, and I will say this. I will speak into woody.
I mean, with me, you would never notice. You couldn't tell.
You couldn't tell.
I know what you're laughing about. You couldn't tell.
If I was wearing a skin-fetched shorts, you couldn't tell.
You didn't have a... You weren't so fat when you were a kid that you had a man in China, did you?
Anyway, there was a kid named Bob Witherspoon,
who was in my high school class in Canada when you were a kid in Canada where Academy...
I was obsessed. Well, I was obsessed with a lot of you guys in my high school class.
I had some good looking... A lot of all white people in Canada were.
That's why so many of them were good looking.
I'm sorry. That's in Jesus' too, right?
Two. I think maybe half a dozen.
Stop side-tracking, Bob Witherspoon wasn't Jewish, but anyway, he was hot.
Okay. And I had the hots for Bob Witherspoon along with like 20 or 30 other guys.
And one day, we were in a home room. Oh, was that what they call a home room?
Not home room. What do they call it in between class?
In between class?
No, no, but I'm talking about the study homes. What a study hall.
Yeah. Bell rings, time to get up and go to class and stuff with the next class.
And Bob Witherspoon is sitting like in the aisle next to me.
He gets up and I see in his pants.
Holy Toledo, I thought somebody stuck their hockey stick in there.
I thought he was on his way to baseball practice and it was bat in his pantaloonies.
He, and of course, when a guy gets up like that, he walks very stiffly.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. No pun intended.
As in stiffer. Yeah, he walks very stiff.
It's hard to walk.
And he's like, you know, I just sat there just with my jaw, was down to my toenails.
I couldn't believe it.
I said, Holy Toledo.
And then Rick, we were still alone for me.
God, all of my, I'll never forget that is on that.
You know how many years ago that was talking about having a memory for important things?
See to me, that is important.
You know, that's very important.
Let's see, that would have been in 1958, I want to say.
So that's 42, that's 45 years ago.
I remember Bob Witherspoon's erection from 45 years ago.
I guarantee you don't remember it.
How do you like that?
But I do because it was like a turning point in my life.
I took a turn for the worst.
What grade was that?
What grade was it?
I was like a sophomore in high school.
Or maybe a junior.
I remember things from earlier than that.
Huh?
No, I'm not saying that.
I don't say I don't remember things from earlier than that, but it might have been, I might have been a junior.
Get the honey junior.
That's what I was trying to do, but to move too fast, even with that problem in his pants.
Anyway, I just mentioned that, but there's all these other ones on here and you think, you know,
and of course nobody in this audience is going to call in and say, oh yeah, well I was, I'm married now, but I was caught with an encounter with another guy like in a tea room somewhere.
Nobody's going to call in and say that.
Everybody's going to recognize their voice, they'll go home and get an acidity voice, they'll get slapped over there with a baseball bat, and that'll be the end of that, and then we'll get blamed for it.
We'll put them through the shredder if they call.
Because one thing we've discovered, even with like the fat stuff, this audience lies on the one of the very few people who admit the foibles, you know, with all the densely turtle ice cream.
These people are so much better than we are, so much holier than we are, so much more on a straight and narrow path, you know, they're full of crap.
I've seen most of you people, you're fat, you're disgusting, you're something even uglier than I am, which is saying a lot.
Right, you're doing drugs and cheating, too.
Right, but oh no, not these upstanding folks.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, huh?
Hey, Fort Lauderdale, good morning.
Yes, sir.
I had a real life embarrassing moment about a month ago in a Fort Lauderdale bar.
I was punched in the face by a girl.
Really?
Yeah, that was kind of embarrassing, and she was not a small girl.
She was like, Jr. Say on a dress.
Like, Janorino, yeah?
Yeah, she was very large, and she was very drunk, and I had no recourse in time of guy, and I can't strike a girl,
so all I could do was tell on her, and it took three pounds, there's the throwout.
You're not a hand-strike girl.
She punched your first eye and knock her lights up, man.
I would have a good...
But, you know, I really couldn't do that.
Yeah.
But thank you very much.
You got to do a great job.
Never retire, because then I'm not retire, because I have nothing to do all day.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Don't take any crap from it.
It was a bulldyx, okay?
Look at that phone.
It's just...it's tragic, it's very weak.
I'm giving up.
Because I only got a little over an hour to kill here until I want to clock out, and I just...
I would rather not waste.
I mean, this guy was okay.
He admitted his FOIBLE, right?
Right.
That was good.
There's a lot of punch down by some bulldyx.
What do you think?
In the bull.
Can you imagine, Jen, or Reno taking a swing?
I'd like to see her take a swing at Sister Jean.
I'd like to see the two of them get into a sketch.
I'll see you answer.
She's playing with Sister Jean.
Yeah.
What?
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
And the stopboard is in a coma again.
Oh, boy.
How sad.
How very sad.
By the way, you can answer the phone, Scott.
No screenless.
What?
Okay.
No, I'm trying to keep him on his toes.
See, that's what we do when I'm sure we lie about.
Number 21?
Yeah.
Number 21 up your ass.
Finn there, don't that.
Oh.
VIPsportscore.com is soft-loaded as best sportsport.
See, I don't care about football.
I do like the Patriots a lot.
I shouldn't say I don't care about.
I do.
But just not to the extent that you lose your netplace care
about these things.
It's not important anymore.
In fact, as you get older, you realize there's only two important things in life.
And I don't want to hear about friends and love.
I mean, you know all of them.
That's fine.
Money and sex in either order.
Whatever, you know, that's it.
That's all that's all that's all that's important.
As you go and you get to be an old fart like me, you realize that's all accounts.
I was going to talk about people who pay for sex because that's that's I don't know.
Makes you feel unclean, you know.
And if it's unclean, you don't want to touch it.
VIPsportscore.com.
They're clean.
It's soft-loaded as best sportsbook.
And of course, this time it here with football getting going big time heavy duty now.
All the sportsbooks are online or jumping right up your throat and into your innards.
But you didn't know that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica.
They're hiding out in the atropical rainforest and you might never even see them again.
This year, move up in class to VIPsportscore.com.
That's right.
VIPsportscore.com is the oldest, the biggest sportsbook in the Needlelands man in Holland.
There are 100% legal and licensed too.
Call VIPsportscore.com right now at 1-866 VIP bets.
Why you want to do business with anybody else?
Because these people are the best in South Florida.
Sign up right now and you can bet on all the South Florida football and basketball teams.
Juice free all year long.
You want a bet on the dolphins?
It's 100 to 100.
By the way, Jay, run fast, baby.
Want a bet on the hurricanes?
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the vigorous.
All signups get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus either.
VIPsportscore.com, that's how you find them online, or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets.
Some you heard about it here on the World Flaming Near Rogers Show on QAM.
VIPsportscore.com where you are the VIP.
Call them today 1-866 VIP BETS.
I am low.
This is sportswear you'll find succeed.
QAM.
Hello.
How many rings?
That was two, sir.
That's the red stuff.
Yes, Mr. Spongebob.
Why did you have to have a teenage wife at the Ordzamp to the phone?
The teenage wife, you know, she's like 43, sir.
What how old are you, partner?
I'm 80, sir.
80? Why haven't I replaced you?
I'm the head of the company, sir.
Who's that head of the company?
Who's that head of the company?
I'm the CEO of this.
Who's that head of the company, partner?
What's that you're focused, partner?
Spongebob Squarepants.
Spongebob Squarepants.
That's right.
I just got my property here and checked this month, sir.
Yes, sir?
It sucks.
What do you mean, Mr. Bob?
Who's making all the money on the backpacks, the T-shirts, the pencil case, is notebooks, video games.
Sir, you get 25% of all merchandising.
25% poop.
Sir, isn't that over $100 million?
How much do you make, sir?
About $75 million.
You make more than that, you lying bag of bones.
All right, 95 million.
For crying out loud, Mr. Kraz and Squidward make almost what I make.
I must bump and hold it all together.
Sir, if you'd like, we can renegotiate.
You're darn tootin' weekend.
La la la la la la la.
Yeah, I'm still waiting, Senator.
For what, sir?
Still waiting to hear from Adjolene and Joey.
What do you mean, sir?
I told you I wanted to be in that movie. That thing's terrible.
Tomb Raider, the cradle of life, it's done very well for the company, sir.
Imagine if you put me in that movie.
That would have been a blockbuster.
La la la la.
But you're a sponge. How would you have done an action movie?
Hey.
Yes, sir?
I know I'm a sponge for heaven's sake.
I have a sexual tribe. I have urges.
You got me doin' a squirrel in a space suit.
What do you want to do with Adjolene and Joey?
I want a zapper.
How would that be possible?
Hey, you do it. How the hell is that possible?
Sir, what's that in the background?
That's pan-crank.
Is everything okay over there?
I think he's manipulating himself.
La la la la la la la la.
Oh, he's my spot.
Hey, Frank, I'm on the phone with Subner.
I can't keep him quiet, Subner.
Look at the help you got me over here.
I need some girls with your skirt.
La la la la.
You're at the bottom of the ocean.
But Camie Bottom is a good place to live.
I'd like to see your mummified car gets survived down here for just one day.
Hey, buddy.
Shut up, Patrick.
What's he doing?
Maybe I should send him over there, Subner.
Maybe he could be your assistant.
The big purple blob.
Could he survive above water, sir?
Oh, it is. It's the freaking grimace.
I mean, who comes up with these characters?
Bad, I don't know.
Hold on, Subner.
Bad, Patrick.
Oh, my goodness.
Shut up, Padmack.
You better set an ambulance to the Camie Bottom.
You just beat Patrick within every inch of his life?
Yes, I did, Subner.
And your neck.
La la la la.
How do they do it?
How do they do it?
It's equal to Mickey and...
Oh, I snore.
So I just have a feeling they're going to be several more sponge bobs.
Yeah.
Several more sponge bobs and summers coming up.
Just equal to...
Oh, I snore.
And I would say equally amusing.
I know I'm a sponge.
I know I'm a mouse.
See any similarity there?
Uh-huh.
Anyway, 5670560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That line I and Delray Beach do we use?
Here's Delray Beach. Hello?
Ah, yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
The AFA is...
They have a pedophile in their ranks.
Let me get it straight.
And this is the same group that goes after you and Howard Stern all the time.
Yes.
That's...
Gee, what sort I'm looking for.
Oh, hypocrite.
That could be it.
Wonderful.
As far as your poll goes, I would need an all the above choice except for the pedophile
and being caught up in six-like die things.
I'm pretty much guilty of all these, including the almost picking up a she-mail, which I almost did once.
Now, wait a minute.
You're guilty of all of these?
You're a pedophile?
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, I see.
No, except for that in the sex with the...
Oh, okay.
Because I almost picked up a she-mail a couple of years ago.
I'll be damned.
I was at a bar down in Lauderdale and it turned out to be a lesbian bar.
And I was talking to a chick and I'm like, okay, she's hot and I'm staring at her, you know, rack.
And she turns around and I'm like, oh, nice.
But.
And then she turns around again.
I'm still staring at that area.
I'm like, oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Exactly.
Oh, my God.
Wait a minute.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Yeah, that kind of is a buzzkill.
Okay.
Thank goodness you discovered it just before you got her ass home.
Oh, yeah.
And a rest of it, too.
Mm-hmm.
Here's a story of from the Houston Chronicle.
Maybe she was a swimmer.
Yeah, go ahead.
It was amazing.
Yeah, she was a diver.
Last year.
The poverty grew by 1.1 million people.
Yeah.
Have them more children.
Right.
Yeah, again, one of the Christians that cares so much about children.
Who busy wrapped up with the fetus?
Not worried about the post-feedus?
Right.
They're too busy running around to shootin' at abortion clinics.
They don't have time for kids.
Oh, so that is.
Like I've put them any time she for once you're born.
They don't give a crap about you.
It's those unborn fetuses that they're obsessed with.
I know.
That's just wonderful.
And then they...
Well, have a great day, Pally.
And watch out for that dangerous ass.
All the stem cell research down the drain.
Right.
Good luck, Postecan.
See you.
Bye-bye to Bush.
No, Bush.
Oh, that post-feedus.
I beg your pardon?
For children.
That's what they're starving children are always saying.
Feetus.
Feetus.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil, is that me?
That sounds like you.
Great.
Hey, I got an idea for a poll.
Why don't you ask people why they come back?
Why they come back to what?
Stop Florida?
Yeah.
Uh...
Okay.
And the law...
I mean, if people...
Yeah, that's an interesting point.
Why don't they come back?
I guess, uh...
Because they have to, most of them.
I'm nervous, maybe, because they want to, but I think probably a lot of people because they have to.
So bad, don't.
One last thing.
George, uh...
The embarrassing thing.
No, this is the George Suck style, okay.
When you just calm down, you're just so defensive about that.
Well, they just like a prediction.
Why are you the only one?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless One.
So, he's got a backward eye suck.
And I'm proud of it.
And I'm getting better at it all the time.
Really?
Yes.
You think you'd have it...
That was my perfect.
Oh, down what?
Here's Davy.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I enjoy your website.
All the bushisms.
Did you hear the new one last night?
No.
They say that we are wouldn't have found in terrorism because car bombings are on the rise.
And this came from the White House last night.
Okay.
Is that an interesting thing?
That's pretty provocative, yeah.
Maybe you want to run off the road.
Maybe you want to move to Canada.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Okay?
See, they're trying.
They're trying hard.
Oh, that was good.
I appreciate it.
What would you mean?
The effort.
I didn't know.
We appreciate the effort.
We don't want to think that we don't reward the effort with the tremendous pat on the back and don't ever call us again.
We, you know, we're delighted because we get the lines all the way up here, which is good.
How many people are in town?
About 30, man.
We've got half of them on the phone right now.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yes, I have no control of my disciples when they call out trying to shred the gainers.
Oh, God.
Look, I didn't know who that was.
Just relax.
Just relax you too.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
He's just, he's just obnoxious.
He's pathetic.
Any more laks I'd be on the floor.
Oh, my God.
Reverend Jones.
Your gay.
Go away.
Rhymes with gay.
And Oivey.
Just get locals.
See, you're right.
He's become so out of control now that all you have to quit mentioning his name.
Okay.
I have to give him a little encouragement because of my parents.
Sometimes today, I didn't want to say it, you know, how major, major, major,
Ascle.
This man needs to be eradicated from the face of the globe.
Don't ever go to the track again by the way, Dick Pibers.
So you're going to throw your ass under the goddamn sulky.
Don't talk about it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Go ahead.
Miami.
Where's he?
What is it?
George turns me on.
Oh, God.
Here's having Chura.
Hello.
Having Chura.
Oh, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's going on?
Big, I'm sorry.
Not much.
You hear what's going on with that town.
That town is finito, man.
Finito, finito.
That's not a control.
I actually knew that.
I mean, uh, they did a pretty good job last summer.
Okay.
Yeah, he's okay.
I actually a quick question for George.
He mentioned the movie that made irreversible damage to him.
And I've been trying to be reversible.
It's called irreversible.
Yeah.
That's probably why he said it did irreversible damage.
I could be, you know, making a rash judgment there, but it sounds to me like.
Yeah, I got a rash about it from it too.
Uh-huh.
Whenever you do, don't get it.
Don't watch it.
Oh, he's a bit of a bad start for life.
It's a discontent irreversible.
Right.
For a poor young.
Okay, that's the end of this conversation.
Thank you.
567, I'm sure glad I didn't see it.
567, 0560.
You'd have 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Which of these would be the most humiliating to you?
The poop your pants in public 88.
And obviously, I'm the only one who's ever done that.
I'm a guarantee, the Scot Jr.
There's never done that.
For all of the stuff that I put my pants just today.
You did?
Yeah.
And I sure am.
I'm going to go for my pants when I do it.
And I like George, because I look for the corn tube, maybe.
To be the scour, I'm just going to ignore him.
To be discovered as a pedophile 59, I hope he's not in any way we do that one.
To be a straight guy, caught having sex with another guy 35.
To pick up what turns out to be a Gmail 34-O-L-O-A, Scott probably would enjoy it.
To fart during sex 25, that's an old brainer for him.
To have a very premature ejaculation 14.
To fart on an elevator 7.
To be discovered as a cross-dresser 5.
And to pop a big woody in public, only 3.
Which for some of us is impossibility.
So it's one less thing to worry about.
What is his story?
Is he on Gaggy Uppers again?
Is he got all Sarah's supply for today?
Did he confiscate it?
Seven ice-dating.
And what the hell is he still doing in the building at noon?
Is he supposed to be playing golf and making a...
Screen calls.
Yeah, he's really screening calls.
I think he was cutting spots.
567-0560, pounded 560 on EAT and T in Verizon wireless line, 1156-560 WQM.
Your constipation station for the New Millennium.
When you got up this morning and took a deep breath, what are you breathing?
If you're tired of the schmutz, the mold spores, the less particles and everything else in your ear,
then it's something here you can do about it.
You have a mold problem that call this number toll-free, 1-866-542-4995.
That's the number 4 clean air restoration.
If you have respiratory problems or allergies, call 1-866-542-4995 now.
You spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on your home,
but maybe you spent not a dime to ensure that the air that you're breathing is clean.
The air filter system on your AC, is there to protect the AC coils,
not to filter the air that you're breathing?
Forget about that.
Their hephalph-filtered air handling systems do the job for you.
They remove almost all airborne particulate, including mold spores,
that can potentially produce mycotoxins, takes away the animal vandor, dust mites,
insecticide, dust, yeast cell, skin flakes, building material,
dust, all those grotesque things.
Clean air restoration is licensed and insured.
Their employees have been in a business for over 25 years,
so you can be confident that we know they're crap.
And right now, clean air restoration has a need to deal with waiting for you.
For just 1995, they'll conduct a visual mold assessment of your house.
They'll inspect your AC unit, your AC air ducts, your home air interior and attic.
From there, that can suggest what you might need to make the air in your home cleaner and safer, too.
Clean air restoration handles, see I'm getting choked up with that crap just thinking about all these things.
Handles mold-related insurance claims commercial and residential projects, too.
So, improve the quality of your life by improving the quality of the air that you breathe,
call clean air restoration right now, and they'll make your air fit to breathe.
Call toll-free, 1-866-542-4995.
My, in local, we're sports radio 560s, you and you AM!
Mr. Cheney, I'd like to relax by having Mary Maggle and massage my balls
while listening to the new Rogers 12-1-hour beeping.
Hey, if you missed Shark Week on the Discovery Channel, fear not, for the next 5 days,
we've got programming that's even more amazing and shocking.
You're actually witness attacks, fighting, mollins, and the occasional mating session
of the world's oldest living animal.
Discovery Channel presents Andy Rooney Week.
Do you ever notice how many things open with pop tops?
They're soda and beer?
Even slim fast.
That's the real diet plan.
Just try to get into that can.
You see the world's oldest living animal.
Wine and complaint about virtually everything under the sun.
Why isn't the phone card always gets all twisted?
Why do people put an empty milk carton back in the fridge?
And who came up with the idea of wearing underpants?
Discovery Channel presents Andy Rooney Week.
Check local distinction time and availability.
Come on at 5.60 WQA.
You know, that guy that called in with a suggestion for the poll.
The more I think about it, like 10 or 20 seconds or maybe...
It's pretty stupid.
Why do you come back?
There's only one answer.
I mean, no, no, seriously, they come back because they live there,
because they work there, because they like it, because they have to...
What do you mean?
Why do you come back?
Because you do.
I mean, why do you take a craft?
Because you have to.
I don't understand that.
See, leave the polls to me.
Okay, I'm a poll expert.
Trust me.
I know my poll.
I'll take your word for it.
Yes.
Trust you. You already know.
Christian Radio employee charged with child pornography.
I didn't read it in the last hour.
It should be well whiplashed.
Should be drawn and quartered.
Tupelo, Mississippi.
A 47-year-old Tupelo man was being held in half a million dollars bond
through his day last week after his arrest on possession of child pornography.
Tupelo police detective Tim Tate saved Carrie Dwayne Stevens.
Was arrested a week ago today last Wednesday after a raid on Steven's home in Tupelo
by police and FBI agents.
Because the investigation is ongoing,
Tate declined a comment on what initiated the search warrant
or what materials were seized from Steven's home.
Tate did confirm that the 30s found pornographic digital pictures of children.
Oi!
Steven's an employee of the Tupelo-based American Family Association
faces up to 20 years in prison of convicted.
For the past three years, Steven's has worked on the production staff for American Family Radio,
which operates more than 140 radio stations in 29 states.
Patrick Vaughn, General Counsel for the AFA,
said the FBI notified the Association of Steven's Arrest Last Wednesday,
but no action has been taken regarding Steven's employment with the AFA,
where Prang for Dwayne and his family Vaughn said adding the incident is a reminder
of the destructive nature of pornography.
AFA has been in the fight against pornography since 1979,
because pornography is so destructive that individuals, families, and society
said we'd like to remind everyone that they need to be on guard against pornography
as an addictive lure.
Right.
There you go, American Family Association.
And the interesting part about this is this to me is a major, major story,
because we're onto them.
We've had our experiences with the Florida Family Association
and the American Family Association.
All these people want to drive everybody off the air, including yours,
truly anybody that, you know, might say, crap, or even take one.
Caca?
Yeah, they're a whole year than all the rest of us, okay?
But come to fight out just like Jim and Tammy Faye,
just like Jimmy Swagger, just like Charles Keating, just like all of these other
fakers, man, or a bunch of snake-girl salesmen.
They're a bunch of freaking hypocrites, just like the Catholic Church,
just like the Pope.
They got more skeletons rattling around the goddamn closet than you'll find in a morgue.
Absolutely unbelievable.
Unacceptable.
So we just mentioned it in passing for the 20th or 30th time.
Meanwhile, yes, back at the ranch.
Scott Polonio.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, breaking news.
Yes, I have a Mohaward bit here.
I thought you were going to see you pooped in your pants.
Okay, let's hear it.
All right, did that fire it?
Let's roll it.
Oh, he doesn't know which butt you press yet.
Oh, well, the good news is he's got it there.
The bad news is he don't know how to play it.
Here it comes.
17-18 at WQAM.
Absolutely.
Howard David Steve Goldstein.
I'm QAM.
Yeah.
Hold the balls just for a bit because I don't care who's calling.
Rick, wait for us.
I'll just let it wait on the line.
Okay, who's calling?
Not listening.
Anybody's calls because we had Kiki and Amber from the Dolphin cheerleader squad.
Now, Amber's a vet.
She's been on the squad for years.
So she's probably 70, 80 years old, right?
Oh, yes.
She was real old.
Maybe 24, 25.
Actually, you did.
You started when you was 17.
Is it cheerleader?
Is that legal?
Did you go to school?
I went to high school.
I tried on high school.
You had to be 18 by the first game.
So I turned 18 in May.
Really?
Kiki, you were a rook.
I'm a rook.
So you have to see when you're a rook in the NFL, you've got to stand up at functions and sing
around the matter.
You've got to like shut the band.
You've got to like, did the go for stuff.
You don't have to do any of that when you're cheerleader.
No, no.
You wouldn't anyway, would you?
I wouldn't do any of that.
You get a case of the two.
I'm not carrying that.
I'm not carrying that.
He's a strong woman.
He's the question I ask.
Like that.
Early on this morning, we know you're going to have you ladies in the house.
Like at the end of the preseason game, does nobody in the stands?
It's the fourth quarter.
Nobody cares.
They just want to go home.
Why continue to cheer and go, what, what, what's up with that?
I'm going to cheer on your team.
I don't know what the game's over.
And nobody cares.
The guys are in the game at that point.
They're not going to be on the team.
Why are you still announcing the game at that point?
Because they have to.
Well, they have to.
It's their job.
I know, but do you do it with the same enthusiasm as a regular season game?
Definitely.
Definitely.
Oh, OK.
If they win, it can be a win.
He does.
They don't care about the reason.
Now, I made a statement earlier on.
Goldie wasn't sure because he hasn't been all over the place.
But I think the Dolphin cheerleader is as a group.
Probably the hottest group that there is in the NFL.
True false.
I would like to think so.
You said all the sports.
Well, all the sports.
Some of those basketball dance teams come on now.
Well, the heat girls are pretty good.
The heat girls are very good.
No way.
You got something to say.
Let me just say it.
It's fine.
Listen, you think the heat girl won't be with the home team.
You don't think the home team will be with the home team.
I thought you said, hoes.
Go ahead.
Pray and slip there right there.
No, I can't be with them.
No, what?
They're not as good dancers.
They've got lunch in the trunk.
They spend more time in their back than David Carr does with the Houston Texans.
What?
No, they're awesome.
They're awesome.
They're awesome.
They're awesome.
They're awesome.
They're awesome.
They're awesome.
They're awesome.
We just act up.
That's a lot of fun.
I can't take any more of this, so Pat hates that not to go away.
Kill it.
Kill it.
I know some people work very hard to get that for us, but you talk about a tune out.
I mean, as if he isn't bad enough for a tune out already.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh my God.
Well, I'm serious.
I was practically nodding off in stereo with a beast on the DCS.
Jesus, Kate Christen.
I wonder why he's got a point nine share and Pharrell's got a 9.1 into six to ten segments.
Point nine for Moe, 9.1 for Pharrell to combine for those at ten points.
Now this is a fact you just said, seriously, is that the most terminal thing you ever hurt in your life?
What? I'm sorry. Exactly. I just got back.
Here's the fact that this is for the chicks. Walking out in public and probably noticing that you have red stains on your white pants as in that time of the month.
A guy who's in a party and comes out of a make-out session and unknowingly shows the guest list that he just got his wings I saw many years ago.
Oh man.
Yeah? Yeah, that's embarrassing.
Okay, that's good. Well, we're not anything else to the pool. These people are never said that we have no point in that.
But wait, we're right.
Well, there could be like a whole bunch of these.
But third, man.
And I think we got more than enough. I think we're the whole just fine.
Independent review urged over X-Price to murder.
But this is just, what is about Father Gagan, who shared the part of the prison with Joseph,
Jewish 37, who was serving a life sentence for a 1988 killing of a man he believed was homosexual.
Jewish stuck into Gagan's cell, jammed it shut from the inside, and methodically killed his victim in a protective custody
while it was being watched only by one guard who was busy eating lunch, official said,
and just coincidentally looking the other way for a very long time.
Hey, look at that.
And our response was,
Oh, right.
Yeah, nice going.
Not so bastard, nice going.
Speaking of not so bastard, Paul Hill is going to die tonight at 6 p.m. to which we say,
Yeah, another good, another good moment, right? It's a happy day.
Paul Hill never left any doubt about his feelings under subject killing abortion doctors. He was all for it.
This is in Washington Post.
Justifiable homicide to protect on board, children he called it.
He made his case so often on television talk shows and interviews that he became one of the leading voices in support of Michael Griffin,
the chemical plant worker who committed the nation's first abortion clinic murder in Pensacola, Florida in 1993.
It's kind of a Florida effing thing, you know what?
Three months after Griffin's life sentence for murder in 1994, Hill went from commentator to killer.
He fired a 12 gauge pump action shotgun to a pickup truck outside the lead is put in Pensacola killing physicians John B. Britain 69 and security escort James H.
Barrett 74.
He'll now 49 and so unrepentant that he said that he would kill again is scheduled to die by injection tonight.
6 o'clock tonight, by the way, sit your clocks.
Sit the alarm for party time for the double murder.
Varing a stay, he'd be the first person in US history to put that up for killing an abortion provider.
And of course, knowing Governor Jeb, you think there's going to be a stay for this son of a bitch?
Finally, we can agree with something on Jeb about.
You know what I'm saying?
Finally, goes to show you if you throw enough crap up in the air.
Speaking of the plan, the execution of the Florida State Prison and Stark has drugged new attention to the extremist groups that advocate violence to stop abortion
that is sending pulses of anxiety to the nation's 450 abortion clinics.
You can smell it.
Extra security precautions being put into place to claims today in anticipation of a possible backlash from some radical anti-abortion activists inspired by Hill
who has been labeled a martyr and a true American hero on websites run by groups such as the militant army of God.
He conducted a group interview today on the eve of his execution, smiling and appearing composed and footage of the hour long session of the Northern Florida Prison.
I expect a great reward in heaven, Hill said.
I'm looking forward to glory.
I don't feel remorse.
People have asked me if I would do it again.
If I was put in a similar circumsize, I believe it would act similarly.
Well, ain't that great.
Huh?
I say let's deep-fry him.
Sounds good to me.
But let me ask you something.
In batter.
Because we get our shared death threats here and everything like that.
If we ever decide to engage a security escort like this guy had, like the abortion doctor had, and they sent a 74-year-old guy
because the guy is his, you didn't see what I'm saying?
A 74-year-old bodyguard.
A lot of thing I was 24.
I mean, you know, it's kind of hard to be a security guard when like somebody is, you know, so that.
How effective is a 74-year-old does?
But on the other hand, at least a 74-year-old guy lived a long, full-reached life.
If he was 24, he would have died at a very early age and a waste of a young life.
What can you do with that? Just dive behind him?
Plus the 24-year-old guy might look pretty good, too.
Johnny Depp, who still looks pretty good, says US is like a stupid puppy.
Absolutely correct, sir.
In Berlin.
My good close personal friend, Holly, would start Johnny Depp said today.
The US was a stupid, aggressive puppy and would not live there, not in the US until, see, it's interesting.
Because I'm not there, so I can say would not live there until a political climate changed.
The 40-year-old actor, who stars in the power of the Caribbean, told the German News Magazine, Stern,
he was happier staying in the South of France with his wife, the French actress, and singer, Vanessa Paradise, and their two children.
He said he spends a lot of time in Paradise.
America is dumb. It's like a dumb puppy that has big teeth that can bite and hurt you aggressive, he said.
My daughter is for. My boy is one.
I'd like to see them. America, I'd like them to see America as a toy, a broken toy.
Investigate it a little. Check it out. Get this feeling and then get out.
Check it out. Get this feeling and then get out.
So the star of the off-beat films, Edward Scissorhams and Dead Man, and of course don't forget Ed's Wood.
Depth slammed George W. Bush's administration for its criticism of French opposition to the US War in Iraq.
I was ecstatic. They renamed French fries as freedom fries, grown men and women in positions of power in the US government showing themselves as idiots, he told Stern.
Always like that Johnny Depp. Nice going, Johnny.
What did I tell you about him? He's a good kid. Yes he is.
Like him a lot. River Venus don't like him too much anymore, but that's his own doing.
He wasn't responsible for it, you think? No. And even if he was.
Although I didn't need to, I was a Johnny Depp that was like bust enough motels and stuff where I went through that phase, you know.
I forgot.
No, seriously Johnny had a little bit of a phase there. A little bit of a problem.
I'm sure he paid for it. Good man, no Johnny Depp. We love Johnny Depp on his show and I went to bed.
He's 40 years old. Do you know how depressing that is?
So let's say if he's 40, he was on my show on set in 87. So that's 13, 16 years. That means he was 24.
What was I just getting through? Say about bodyguards.
What age did I give you? 24.
My psychic power is once again.
Or never. Absolutely shocking. 24 is a good age.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, for anything. I mean, guys, girls.
She, he's, he's.
Animals.
Animals? 24 is a damn good age.
Dogs.
I wonder what the oldest dog ever was. That's a good question.
Because little dogs him with like 18 or 20.
I'm sure they're like, I really don't think.
I don't think so.
The Guinness Book must have a record somewhere.
Yeah, let's find out. Just out of curiosity.
Probably it's past noon at 560 WQM if you're in a really crappy job.
If your boss is a major asshole, if you're making nickels and dimes and peanuts, you don't have two nickels to rub together on payday.
How'd you like to have yourself a new high-paying career before the year ends?
You can do it. All you have to do is call our friends at Fast Train and get started. Call them tool free.
1, 866 Fast Train.
Fast Train can have your train in certified before years end.
The demand for computer professionals is growing like wildfire.
So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career.
Get out of your rut. Get out of that dead end.
There's nothing worse like Moses than having a dead end.
Fast Train offers job placement assistance, convenient dating weekend schedules.
And with six locations all over the state, there's going to be a fast train near you for in South Florida.
Fast Train offers financial assistance to people who qualify.
So call fast train today. You can really and seriously and truly change your life for the good.
Call 1, 866 Fast Train. That's 1, 866 Fast Train. There's not any excuse no longer to stay in your dead end job.
Anymo, check them out on the web at fast train.com and do yourself a big favor.
Call them tool free. Ask away. Call 1, 866 Fast Train.
My life and love. This is Fort Real by City.
Way to way.
Call.
New this fall on NBC.
From the makers of the summers run away here.
Queer eye for the straight guy.
Comes a brand new program.
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
Hi guys, I'm Trevor.
Oh, what is that stink up in here?
What is that smells like flowers or something?
That's my coperie.
Polporee! Let me help that smell out of it.
I am gold.
That's disgusting.
It is better than Charlie.
Yeah, thank you very much, Fred.
Oh, look at the clothes he's got over here.
What kind of underpants is this?
They mean the cow and climb.
Ah, where's the bacon strip?
Bacon strip.
You know the skin mark.
This is too clean.
You can't add this kind of under.
What kind of pants are you wearing anyway?
They're darcho pants.
Routure pants.
It gets magic weight with $100.
Yeah, you look like a fruidmoop.
Sorry, no offense there.
I know y'all one.
Charlie, look at these CDs here.
Look at this cool West Side Story.
Sound the music.
Oh, cool home.
Broody, Garland, Barry, Manolo.
Bob is stricin.
Liza, Manelli, where is your rush?
Where's your X-Way?
Where's your Metallica?
Where's your AC DC?
I don't know what you're talkin' about.
Man, you gotta get some real poons up in here.
Let's check out the refrigerator.
See what kind of food you go.
Oh!
What is this periode?
No, that's periode.
Periode.
Periode war.
What the hell is that?
It's sparkling water.
It's cigarettes.
Where's your Budweiser and your one onion?
Look at it yourself, a cushions.
What is that?
There's nothing there.
Exactly!
Where's your cheese doodle?
Where's your fritos?
Where's your various chains?
I told you I don't eat that kind of stuff.
I try to keep very healthy.
And you know what?
Where's your Bourne?
Where do you keep it?
You know what?
You're born for your weed.
No, I don't have that, but I have one of these.
Oh!
James!
Alright, that's where I do it all right, it's all right.
Oh!
Don't bring that thing in there.
Let's check out the bathroom here real quick.
Holy moly!
What is all this shampoo condition?
Creamer and sweaties this!
I'll peel my hair and make some of this.
I feel it.
Look, all you need is a borrow lava.
That's right, get it in your hands, work it through your head.
You're all done.
And wash these everything.
It gets your pits, you get your undercarriage.
You get your hair.
Everything.
Alright, so I should just start with your face.
Oh, you're so smooth.
Great stuff, isn't it?
How many times did they do your cave?
Three.
Oh!
What a week!
Ha!
So like you got a funeral or something.
What a week!
That's it!
You're gonna ruin your skin!
Okay.
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
This fall on NBC.
Let me show you guys the bedroom.
Oh geez, I'm a little nervous going in here.
Oh, what a weird guy.
Charlie, look at his bed!
It's made!
No!
I'm a little bit nervous playing at things.
1218 at 560 WDQA.
And this fact, you just sent me about the first new US Roman Catholic University in 40 years.
Opens and Naples Florida.
You know how old that story is?
How many months old that is?
About 30 men.
I mean, it's just open, but we knew about that.
Yeah, in Naples.
Ave Maria University, the nation's first new Roman Catholic University in four decades
opened to.
They were the mass attended by the 101 students at its temporary campus.
This is over in Naples, Florida.
On the west coast, the awardee, a Gators R.
The University was established by Domino's Pizza and a wonder Domino sucks so bad.
Domino's Pizza found her Thomas M. Monahan, who devoted himself to Roman Catholic causes
since he sold the pizza chain in 1998.
And his pizza sucks.
It blows.
It's an extraordinarily exciting day because it's a combination of a year-long effort.
University prison, Nicholas J. Healy said no relation to Maple Leaf, former Goldhinder
and now Broadcaster Glenn Healy.
It's a very satisfying achievement.
Classes will be held in the development of North Naples.
That goes on about this crap.
Bob Klaat, no relation to hockey player Trent Klaat, a 19-year-old sophomore who transferred
from the College of DuPage at Glenn Illinois.
So he first heard of Ave Maria University, who was profiled in the cover of a Catholic magazine.
And I thought, wow, this is everything I wanted.
But he said, Klaat said he's not put off by the small student body.
Watch out for those small student bodies, man.
Please probably like it.
Easier to molest a small student body than a big butch macho student body.
I beg you think.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on a 18-teen for Reslin.
We might take a couple more calls before 1 o'clock.
One to two hour come off, it's big.
It's humongous.
It's growing like Topsy.
We got Jim Manititude, a Humper, in the studio.
How many weeks has it been since Hank did a show in that studio?
About 30, man.
Good God Almighty's been in Vegas.
He's been on vacation.
This man is on a professional vacation.
And he's still getting paid the same for like doing a couple hours a day.
Some days one hour.
Yeah, he's got a softer deal than I got.
Man, softer what?
Something.
Hank between 4 and 6-30, average of 1-2 soft one who's out there in Vegas, man.
He's probably getting some serious action.
You name the kind of action he was getting it.
Well, almost.
4-6-30, the Humper Show.
6-30, we got Marlon's on deck.
Let's get a few people in that fall game.
I mean, I don't really give a flying crap about the Marlon's.
You know that, about baseball in general.
But I'm in Burist and Humiliy that haven't lived in a long time nearly...
...at that town to see the way.
I mean, this team is surprised everybody.
They've kicked ass their type of wild car lead in the National League.
And there's 10,000 people to see Don Trowell this last time.
And you want to know why because you lost a couple of games.
You got blown out.
And wow, we don't carry.
Plus, there's nobody there.
I'm sitting here, plus that I got...
I don't know how we had such a good show yesterday.
That was an admiration to make a lot of calls, if you recall.
Well, that's right.
No, seriously, there's nobody there.
When they held it and I don't want this business world, why did they come back?
That is a good question, but not for a poll.
Why would anybody in their right mind come back unless they positively had to?
I don't know.
Oh, there's Paul Hill in Pensacola, Florida.
Yeah, Brian, he's asking that.
That's where he was.
Oh, yeah, why am I embarrassed?
Because I was actually watching the Wolf Blitz Creek on CNN.
I don't watch CNN or MSNBC.
Maybe three minutes a week, tops.
I watched the CDC and the BBC and the CFO and the City Post.
I get some real freaking news.
And then I go on the internet.
Don't forget that great website.
I found what was it.
Internet Info...
Well, you showed up.
Internet InfoDells Newswise.
See, I asked what was it?
It was a rhetorical question.
I was asking myself.
Because I didn't figure you wrote it down.
I did write it down.
Internet InfoDells Newswire.
Really good stuff.
For those of you with a brain who don't believe all the fairy tales in the bullcrap
who realize that some day were all going to die,
and there's no heaven, and there's no hell, and there's no God, and there's no angels,
and there's no bullcrap, and there's no purgatory.
You want the closest thing to hell?
You people in South Florida believe me.
Just look around.
You're in it.
You're in it.
Like a furnace.
Like a furnace.
Like a steamy furnace, man.
Don't forget all you young kids out there who skip in school today to listen to that show,
and it's a good choice.
The religious people are the dangerous people.
If you have parents that try to like drag you to church to show any of that crap,
just tell them, bug off, lunatic.
You asshole.
Leave me alone.
I'm going to sue your ass for parental malpractice.
That's what you ought to tell them.
And I still say the fact that those Orthodox Jews are putting their schmottas on their kids'
making them go to school like a bunch of little freaks.
It makes me want to cry.
It makes me want to shed a tear or two or three.
How are you going to hide the devil horde without that thing?
Now seriously, well, what kind of crap is that?
If you want to do that as an adult when you've already made your own choice of fairy tales
from the amen you have, A through Z, a one from Colomé, and one from Colomé Z,
then whatever.
But don't force your kids to do that.
But this is what happens to the world because they start brainwashing them
at the earliest possible.
Just like in that movie, Dogma would have been in the map.
Yeah.
Been in map.
Boy, those two are always together.
That's why JLo is pissed off.
Yes.
He just can't get him off the mat.
You know, he is really.
Ben Affleck is really annoying now.
Yeah.
I actually used to like him a little bit.
Not a lot.
Oh, you were the one.
You're not saying I liked him a lot.
But he was in a couple of cute movies.
The one with Sandra Bullock, the thing in Chicago, where was it in nature?
Right.
He was in a couple of cute movies.
But generally speaking, he's now really annoying.
And at JLo and Ben.
Yeah.
You know that they never even saw each other naked.
I guarantee you, she's never seen a penis in her life.
He's a dyke.
And then she never saw him naked.
In fact, they're there.
When it before this big thing with a stripper is now a subtle bullcrap,
which is more below you to try to convince us how straight he is.
They were building this big complex in Atlanta.
It was going to be like going with the wind.
But that was the name of the thing.
The place where the big girl.
Right.
Oh, I thought she was unsvallable.
But anyway, and we're going to have like separate houses,
which nobody bothered talking about, which you're like about a mile and a half away.
That's even better than the separate kind of.
Kind of like an Eleanor or Franklin Roosevelt.
The only difference is that they did it a few times because they had about 50 kids.
But then after that, they kind of went their separate ways.
There is no way that anybody will ever convince me that Jailo isn't a dyke.
Okay, with a big fat ass.
Which, you know, guys like not just Cuban guys either.
Guys in general like a big fat ass.
That's why fat boys get in so much action.
Yeah, holy.
And that's why the beast is getting so much lately.
Right, Tom.
So Clarence said, you said, boy, there's some real heavy duty meat to grab a hold of there.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
And he was talking about on the ass end, by the way, of course.
Well, let's see.
Oh, this is a great fact from Richard.
Since you've come clean, I thought I'd admit to a poop story myself.
You know something I'm going to tell again my poop stories after the break.
Okay.
Because this audience here's we finally got one guy that's honest.
He says, I've had several.
One was particularly inversing as I was sort of caught.
At the time I was in college, I'm going to a softball practice.
And the urge hit me.
It was a Sunday most buildings were locked.
When I got close to the ballfields, I finally found a restroom that was open.
But it was too late. The damage was done.
I got under the stall, started talking to myself, out loud, saying things like,
how could this happen?
I can't believe this happened.
Well, after I disposed of my underwear and got cleaned up, I realized that someone was in the stall
next to me the entire time.
I heard everything I'd supposedly said to myself.
Now that was embarrassing and got my vote in a poll.
Simon, Richard Evil.
Thank you, Richard.
Thank you, Dick.
If you high marks, give you kudos for being one of the few people in that Godforsaken place
that's got the balls to admit to your human borders.
Okay. That's your human being.
Christ.
Oh, no, Neil.
Nobody eats big tubs of ice cream like you do.
Nobody is a big fat slob.
You're the only fat person we know, Neil.
You're the only one with no self-control.
Yeah, right.
Right.
So, for a crack, man, it's coming out of your nostrils, at least, Dick there, admits it was coming out of other orphysics.
Yeah, there's nothing worse than dry-taking a big accident and bumping the orphys.
26 past noon.
Boy, can you imagine some of the people in that building if they did that?
Oh, God.
Don't make me imagine that.
I don't want to start mentioning names.
You've got so many gigantic nuts.
Not just fat people, but I mean enormous people, big, huge people, bigger than some cities that I know.
Hi, Appali.
There you go.
There is one.
Wow.
I see.
I was so lucky that I wasn't there today.
You told me, I know.
No, we don't always have an all fairness.
What do you mean we don't always have?
Who else could have liked them?
Well, that's just a pound.
That's the third man.
Well, we use the process of elimination.
Yeah.
And so did he.
Need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers by his houses, fast hassle free, fast cash home buyers,
buys houses in any conditional occasion for any reason.
Need to set your house fast?
Maybe your house needs a new roof flooring.
Many other repairs or a new couple of turlits.
Well, don't throw money away.
I'm costly repairs.
Stop and call our good buddy Rod today at 1-866-785-FAST for a no obligation hassle for your offer.
At fast cash home buyers, they'll help you solve your house problems.
Maybe you've got a vacant house.
Maybe you're sick and tired of dealing with a problem tenant.
Maybe you're going through a rotten, horrible divorce called fast cash home buyers.
Maybe you're one, two, three, or hundred payments behind or you inherited a property you'd like to unload.
Fast cash home buyers can help you out.
Call Rod today at 1-866-785-FAST.
And let fast cash home buyers give you a piece of mind.
Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today.
And a good part of this deal is you won't have to pay a penny in real estate commissions.
How can you beat that?
So call Rod tool free and ask away.
He'll give you all the info on how this works.
Call 1-866-785-FAST.
785-FAST for a hassle for your offer.
And let our friends at fast cash home buyers solve your house problems.
My life and look all this is 4305-16.
You ain't who I am.
I pooped my pants.
If you thought the little is fair with big, well you haven't seen anything yet.
George Michael, boy George, the former members of Queen, Elk and John and David Pooy,
all on one stage is the poop shoot riot tour.
The poop shoot riot tour coming to a stadium near you.
Get your poop shoot riot ticket and all ticket master outlay.
Come pretty long and 5-6-7 kind of a crappy Wednesday.
It seems to be the theme here today and appropriately enough.
Yesterday had to be an aberration, you know.
Must've been.
So how many more weeks we gotta go before anybody comes back into town?
About 30, man.
Good God.
Oh, here's a lady with a poop store online 8.
Hello.
Oh, Neil, I've never told anybody this story before.
This is excellent, outstanding.
Well, I remember when you cut that cart or they listed that cart when you came in late
and Rick and Suds had to wait for you to get in because you pooped your pants.
Right.
I remember that story.
He did, yeah.
Anyway.
I don't think that's how the story went, but I mean that's okay.
You had to poop my pants.
Wasn't it the day before?
No, that was the day.
You were late coming in and they had to fill in until you got in.
Well, George is agreeing with you now.
You have to understand.
What?
You had two episodes.
Why had more than two episodes?
You mean that IOD?
Yeah, you had one on the way into work and you were delayed because of it.
Oh, I completely blocked that out of my mind.
Your audience, your members, everything.
I'm sure they do, damn it.
Anyway, I work outside and sometimes I'm not in the general area.
Hood, you're not in the hood, yeah.
No, not in the hood of facilities.
And I was out working in the night before my husband had made a brownie recipe that called for a pound of butter.
Oh!
So brownie recipe.
What did I have for bread?
Were you fudge back in?
Yeah.
So I had a brownie for bread.
It's a brownie, huh?
Yes.
And I was with my coffee and I was about five miles from your facility.
Oh, God.
Out on a job and I felt the urge and you know that urge when there's no thing back.
No point of overturn, right?
So fortunately this was kind of far out in the booties.
It wasn't in a residential neighborhood.
I was lucky enough to have a big gulp cup in my trunk and I had to use it.
Oh, God.
You had a cup in your trunk.
Did the cup run it over?
And the other thing we can't help now.
Or did we just have to do that?
No, that's not what I thought I was going to do.
Well, but you know, sometimes you just got to make do with what you do.
You got to make do with what you do, yeah.
Unfortunately, I had a change in clothing also, which I carry with me.
What a great.
Yeah.
And when I finished all that, I had plastic bags that I double-bagged and my underpants and my shorts and everything else.
And my next stop was a dumpster.
Oh, I was going to, I thought you were going to see you left it on your neighbor's birthday.
It's like I were to it.
And my bag broke.
It would have been cute.
Well, thanks for being honest, okay?
You've got it out of your system.
You're absolved now.
I sure did.
We bless you.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
I'll do it again.
How do you like that?
That's great.
How unleady-like.
But at least she had the balls to admit it.
We were coming that.
Oh!
Very highly.
Most of you guys out there, a bunch of pussy's going to admit it.
So let's see.
I had the one episode that I don't remember what you're talking about, but I have to take your word for it.
I had the one where I was driving home in my beautiful Corvette that I referenced before.
And I got very close to my house.
I was like, I was like at hiatus and sunrise just on the others on the south side.
And approaching like halfway up the hiatus, which of course you got to drive slow because it's a speed track.
That was a bad movement.
And I got about halfway down the street.
I thought to myself, because all the way from work, from about just the turnpike, at that point it was like
pressure was building like the world was coming to an end.
And I finally said to myself, who am I kidding?
I'm never going to make it home.
So rather than sitting here in strain and having a damn heart attack or our stroke, trying to repress when it doubt,
let it out.
And I did.
And then I turned to the rest.
I don't want to repeat right.
OK, about my garage.
Oh gee.
So that was one other one.
Then there was the one at Denys in Oakland many years ago, many, many years ago.
Where I'm driving from Oakland to a frisco late at night.
I had a flight early in the morning.
And I'm driving late at night and I get almost to the Denys there.
I saw it in the distance.
I'm driving across that.
What do they call it?
Bridge.
I don't know.
Not important.
There's something across Bay Bridge.
Whatever.
I see the Denys and I'm thinking to myself, oh my goodness, there's a Denys.
I can make it.
Guess what?
I made it all right right in my pants.
Well, actually I didn't.
What happened was I got to the parking lot of the Denys.
Right.
And as I walked out, every step, it was another...
Oh, right now.
You know, squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt.
Oh, no.
Every step, squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt.
So I get in there and with my lock of thank goodness, the rest of the room is unoccupied.
If it was occupied, I would have probably had a car in the store.
And I sit down and naturally what you do is you have to dispense of the underwear.
Oh, yeah.
That point.
And you have to like kind of like bathe yourself in the toilet with a toilet paper and a holding
you have to like do the best to tidy up.
I guess.
I hate to be the poor guy that went in there next.
I did the best I could to like hide the underwares in the behind the bowl.
You know, the hole behind the whole, yeah, the porcelain bust.
But it's never, never perfect.
A poor janitor.
So that was episode number three.
Episode number four, not necessarily in chronological order, was in Rome.
You know what I say?
When in Rome, do the duty.
I had a tractor here.
And of course, if the tractor is in Italy, you drink a lot of that aqua mineral.
You know, Bob.
Huh, no, seriously, you drink a lot of that bottled water and the pasta.
And of course with me, I had that sensitive stomach with the irritable bowel.
And I just are great men, you know, a great lunch.
And I'm walking back to our hotel.
And at that point, we're at the Le Grand Hotel, a very, very overpriced old but extravagant hotel.
You know, I'm talking about one of those old, old kind of places.
And I'm thinking to myself, uh-oh, and I'm tiptoeing up the street to the Le Grand Hotel.
This is really the pressure is, my ears are foaming.
You could see the steam coming from the ears.
I get in the hotel and I'm thinking, I'm going to make it.
And I get on the, in the old, old elevators, the small single elevator,
you know, with the thing and what a, what a, what a lever.
With the meat or any more.
The what? With the lever?
Yeah, something like that.
And it finally comes down and I get on the elevator and I press five.
I'm on the fifth floor.
Okay. And we get to three and I get to four and I get to five.
And I'm thinking, oh, it's, because my room is only right down the hall.
I'm going to, and I'm going to tip toe to the tulips right down to my room and I'm going to make it.
I took the first step off the elevator at Squirt Squirt, Squirt Squirt, Squirt, Squirt.
Or every step I took was Squirt Squirt, Squirt Squirt.
Oh, man.
But the good part about that is, I mean, first of all, you got to change the clothing in your hotel, obviously.
And second of all, you got your nice shower.
Yeah.
Did you got your bidet?
Sure.
Right.
The good day if you haven't bidet.
So I thought, boy, this is great. Well, at least I made it back to the hotel.
So that's, uh, that was number four.
I think that's it.
Except for the one on the way to work that you don't remember.
No, no, I counted that. That's one of the four.
The one on the way to work, the one on the way home, the one in Oakland, and the one in the Rome.
So I'm trying to drop my, you know, spread it around the world a little bit from the west coast of the US to South Florida all the way to Italy.
I don't think I ever, you know, the reason I never pooped my pants in Amsterdam and boy, oh,
I want to tell you I had some close calls, baby.
Woo!
I made some close calls because when we had the last department there was like a pretty good,
there was like about a seven or eight minute walk from the tram.
Okay.
And, you know, if you're on your way back home to walk to the apartment and you get off the tram and you've got about a seven or eight minute walk.
And at that point, especially if you've just eaten the meal at Horrible Duts Quizzine,
man, oh, man, and you're like tip tona.
And you get to the front door. I never went over the edge.
But at that point when you unlock your front door of your apartment and you walk in,
and you walk in like real gingerly, I mean, tenderly toward that magic room,
when you're fighting the natural urge that your brain, the brain is always ahead of your body.
And the brain says, okay, your home now, it's okay to loosen up.
Oh, no, don't do it. Not yet. Not yet.
And Horrible Duts, please.
And Horrible Duts, we call that barn shy.
Whatever you call it. Why do you're like a Yahoo, you know?
Yeah.
Now, it's seriously, I mean, so I must have had a half a dozen episodes in Amsterdam,
where it came within an ace within a heartbeat of like doing the order.
Oh, so only four. That's not too bad considering my age, considering my 100 years old.
That's only like one every 25 years.
Thank you for coming clean.
So to speak. That's what I always say.
20 to one at 560 WQM. We got a big one to two hour coming up.
We're going to play some heavy duty crap, man.
We got to get off this crap talk two days in row.
Yesterday we did the total toilets.
And then we're doing like, Conor, look, don't blame me because this is the one they picked out of the list.
I've got right.
Two, four, six, eight, nine categories on there, including a she-mails and poppin' woody's and public
and very premature ejaculations. But of course none of these guys are going to admit to that.
Not these macho guys.
What poppin' would in public?
No, no, the very premature ejaculation.
Oh, yeah, well.
Yeah, the two pump chumps is somebody I know would say.
Some lunatic I know would say in the younger days.
That's what I'm saying.
20 to one at 560 WQM if you're here is gone.
If it's just down the old drain.
You're probably feeling pretty bad about it because you don't look your best when you have...
Trust me, see, in my case, it won't make any difference.
I could have the best here in the world. I still look like crap.
But a lot of you guys out there would at balled spot.
You want to look better, Charles Alfie, or I can help you do it because he's designed
and supplied hair systems to show his people and ordinary folks like you for over 35 years now.
And Charlie offers you the most amazing natural hair line system in the world of difference between us
and those mouthsy pieces. It looks like real hair folks.
That's right. No dangerous drugs, no mouthsy wigs, no plugs or holes in the head.
By the way, speaking of plugs, how's the beast doing with his plugs?
I haven't gotten them. I don't think he's gotten them.
Okay, because Clarence told me he just for Christmas bought them a brand new butt plug.
And right now, Charlie's offering you a summer special hair system for only 549 bucks for first time customers.
You can look better and younger than you ever dreamed again because the hair looks like it's going out of your scalp like it's real hair.
Not like an awful barnyard animal died on your head.
If you already have a hair system, you can say 50% on service and repair of all types of hair systems including shampoo and trim as well.
So during these last dog days of the summer, it's a great opportunity to give Charlie a try and get yourself looking really good again, too.
To try one of the hair systems in Alfie Eries for 30 days and don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting more action than you have in years, then Charlie returns your money.
No problem at all. Say I have nothing to lose, but that big ugly shiny ball spot.
Call Charles Alfie Erie today and change your life forever called tool free 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website at Charles Alfie Erie.com.
Find a local 365 city. There is all yours now.
Q&A!
Arachite, you blow!
Can't beat that gator meat!
Here's your Zen Survival Guide for watching the movie, Glee.
Relax. Remain calm. Repeat to yourself. I can watch this movie without vomiting.
Before the movie, ask your ex-girlfriend to give you a Zen ex, or Prozac, or whatever anti-thepresent she's on these days.
Devise big old strategies in your head. Imagine yourself in your happy place.
Try Electroshock Therapy.
Take solace in knowing that somewhere in the Kalahari Desert, there's some flea-bitten starving kid with West Nile virus, monkey pox, and hepatitis C, getting malled by an ox that's slightly worse off.
Then you know that the movie will end and thus your pain. Peace and God's speed.
Prozac, you're the God.
I was making a list here for the next plot. In fact, I'm working several polls ahead now. That's my new modus operand.
Good play. It is. So I'm going to have like a pile of mobile. I'm going to have pile of polls.
But I think this is a good one because I'm thinking about it. Ben Affleck since we just played that bit.
Who is the most boring big name celebrity?
Good one. Not a good poll. And I have one aim on it. I guess what it is. Ben Affleck.
All right. Good guess. So I'm working on that. We're working on today's poll. We have 384 votes.
Which of these would be the most humiliating to poop your pants in public? 122? See, and now when I'm talking in public, none of the ones that I'm talking about, thankfully, even though the one was in a hotel when I got off the elevator, there was nobody around. Thank goodness.
Right. And the other ones were also in the car or like any of those things in public. So you can always like kind of like sneak away or whatever.
Although I will say and I was late at night, thank goodness and Denny's in Oakland or his fiscal where ever it was because I was like goose stepping, which was good practice for these days.
But I was goose stepping toward the Denny's from the car because every step was scored. Yeah.
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt. Oh boy. What a horrible horrible feeling. I'd call that duck stepping.
See, anybody who believes in God, I'll have told him many times before if there was a guard, would anybody ever get diarrhea? No. No. Constipated. No.
Oh, 384 votes to poop your pants in public. 122 to be discovered as a pedophile 87 to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy. 48.
I thought it would be more than that when you know that with the choices on you to pick up what turns out to be a female 45.
To fart during sex 33. Happens all the time. 34 now.
To have a very premature ejaculation. Quirt, squirt 21 to fart on an elevator 14 to pop a big Woody in public.
Eight and only six for to be discovered as a cross-dresser. I told you it's popular. And they like it. They like it.
They want to brown panties right now. Your next appearance you could be handed them out. Brown panties. Brown panties.
Well, it fits. Well, we're talking about Brown panties. I just thought it was color coordinated with the rest of my outfit.
Hide the multitude of things. Colin Roland, Colin Powell or real sellout.
Difficult work. It's going to be expensive work. Like there being a data about. Well, listen to the audio on it on CNN. Pretty nice.
Secretariat State, Colin Powell seeking support today from Britain, France and Germany. See, in the beginning with Bob Fungoli, you don't want to go along with us to some of those companies not Britain.
And now all of a sudden since they realized Miss Fudge had a story on her website this morning that the US has only got enough truth till March.
To continue this insanity in Iraq alone. So that we're now we're going to have to come on and bend it knee to the UN, which is what Colin is doing right now.
Just complaining for the sake of complaining or is this still a leftover residue of. Yeah. So anyway, seeking support from Britain, France and Germany.
And I propose you in resolution that will give the UN a larger role in Iraq's economic and political future. In other words, bail our ass out.
Win over our heads. We got kids dying every day. The top US commander in Iraq today transferred control over parts of these South Central zone of the country to an international
force led by Poland. Oh, that should be really good. A step in Washington's campaign to bring more nations in the US led occupation.
The postwar operation is costing the US about. Before I read this paragraph, there are so many like you said children, right? Old people, no food, no drugs living in just horrendous poverty in the US.
I'm talking about. Oh, forget about Iraq. I'm talking about in the US. And the postwar operation is costing the US about $3.9 billion a month.
And a strained American military, which has some 140,000 troops stationed there, the Bush administration is struggling to attract broader international participation and sees new UN resolution, which he's peddling right now to make as the way to make other nations more comfortable with contributing militarily and financially. In other words, bail us out.
Some nations, including India, felt like they needed additional authority from the end to be able to participate. White House spokesman Scott McClellan said who's really awful, but is a little more macho than last one.
So we said we want to listen to your concerns. We want to work with you one look at ways to encourage broader international participation, but he made plan. The US intends to retain political and military control in Iraq, especially over the oil fields. I'm sorry. So there you go. There's that.
Colony's region. And so I think more and more people have got mushroom is my money. And of course, if you've been peddling all the Schmidt he has, you'd probably have mushroom your mouth to this story. Love this story.
I'd Latin Grammy in South Florida without some big simmiss without a big to do would be absolutely. Yeah, we just couldn't possibly happen, but this is kind of a twist on what we usually have.
Cuban exiles abandoned plans for protest at Latin Grammy. All right. Members of the Cuban and this is in the Sun Temple. So it's possibly could be true. It's still written by a former senator Bob Kerry of a message. I mean, Nebraska.
Members of the Cuban exile organizations that are planning to protest the presence of musicians from the island of the Latin Grammy city yesterday would not protest after all.
Because musicians from Cuba are unlikely to get visas to enter the US. There's no need to protest that Francisco Garcia Martinez, one of the exile leaders. We had promised that if the Cubans didn't come, we would not protest. He said we have to remain true to our word.
What else would they be protesting about? Is it a sand? I mean, this is a story. No, it's not like saying we don't like people with red hair and there are going to be any of their. So we're not going to protest people with red hair. I don't get it.
Some Cuban exiles will post it. I'll cash or consider the island's musicians to be representative Cubans communist government communist that communist that that's why the answer group saw it to bring more than a thousand demonstrators to the award show.
Two years ago, the dispute over where the protest would be prompted the Latin Academy of R.I. said we're going to move the awards to L.A. This then, of course, they ran into Theresa and Ethan and Gwen in L.A. and all the passions crowd. And that's getting so boring.
This time, I mean, police said they tried to avoid conflicts by meeting with all the groups involved Latin Grammy officials and demonstrators.
The police also took Latin Grammy officials and the protestors on walkthroughs of the proposed protest sites.
Man, it goes on and on and on. Garcia Martinez acknowledged that some anti-casterized guys might go ahead with protest anyway.
This is a democratic country, he said, since when? He's in the county, isn't he?
A smaller group of Cuban American protesters has a permit to them. I don't understand. What are they demonstrating?
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. That group estimated to be about 100 wants to demonstrate in support of the right of Cuban musicians to participate.
I mean, talk about being a dead horse. There aren't going to be any of their first place. There's no recent man.
We're the community. We don't need any more bad publicity. Our worldwide TV and African Latin Grammys.
Stop it a guy, then, demonstrations. Demonstration against the fact we got a Nazi administration in control of the country.
That's totally election right there in Florida. That's something that demonstrate about.
Demonstrate about the fact that there are dead kids in Iraq every in Afghanistan every single day.
Emergans, I beg your pardon?
Kid.
What did the Scotts say in something that? He said, sighal earlier.
Oh, I don't pay any attention here because he's he's he's in another planet. He's strange. He is strange. He's in that's why he's a Scott Ferrell's friend.
Strange.
He's strange.
Been loud and held summit to plot biological. He's just feeding his way into the show. He's not he's not comfortable with the show.
He's a real sports nerd. He's not at all this fag talk, which you know, he's in and crack talk.
You're hearing he never pooped his pants. Actually, I just did. No, no, seriously. Now, what does that mean? Why would you say something so gratuitously idiotic is that?
I think he's trying to work his way out of another show. He'd be good then, but instead of the beast.
Don't you think? Hey, now, who wouldn't assume and Scott go back a long time? I hear they're pretty tight. Is what I'm hearing.
Been loud and held summit to plot biological attack claims US magazine. This is from the Scuttsman.
Osama, been loud and held a terror summit in the Afghan Mountain Stronghold after the Iraq War to plot an attack using biological weapons that will be unbelievable. It was reported yesterday.
Unbelieveable. Since that meeting, been loud and has continued to play leadership and planning roles with al-Qaeda from a secure hideout.
The Taliban sources told US News Magazine Newsweek. Now, you see, we could have been spending those billions of dollars to eradicate al-Qaeda completely and fight his sorry ass.
And really take care of finishing up the business in Afghanistan instead of having all the warlords come back in and take over again and having a blood bath all the time.
We could have been doing that, but no. Didn't do that. They said been loud and is in good health and during his time with his two wives when it is thought safe and living under heavy protection from his loyalists.
He recently presided over the funeral of his daughter-in-law who died in childbirth. I had enough riches to enjoy myself like an Arab Sheik bin Laden said at the funeral according to his special bodyguard Abu Hamza Al-Jaziri.
But I decided to fight against those infidel forces that were to sever us from our Islamic roots. He blamed America for his daughter-in-law's death.
Newsweek reported that bin Laden convened a summit with Middle East, the summit with Middle Eastern European terrorist leaders in April to discuss serious projects.
His priority is to use biological weapons, a high-ranking Taliban source told the magazine saying the organization already had weapons and the only question was how to transport and launch them.
Bin Laden's three sons, what would he on that show with the friend, McMurray?
Sure.
I liked Ernie Best.
Oh, I liked whatever his name. I don't know what his name is.
No, that wasn't his name. What a most his name, Don Grady.
Chip.
No, he was the one with a glasses.
Okay.
Don Grady was a chip off the old block, but his name wasn't Chip.
Okay. He was okay. Don Grady.
Who was doing what's your name, by the way? He did not Angie Dickinson, a fair faucet.
Did you know that?
I did not.
Scrooner brains out.
That's when she lost them.
Bin Laden's three sons were always by his side, our bias, had a sworn to kill him rather than let him fall to American hands.
According to the sources conducted by a contact by the magazine by Newsweek, the alkyd leaders developed a communication system that helps him avoid US electronics surveillance.
Bin Laden communicates with friends using handwritten letters and computer discs, which are delivered by a chain of messengers each link in the chain,
and it was only the next person to deliver their mischief to and doesn't know the final destination.
There was strong suspicion that Bin Laden's hiding in the Kunar province in Afghanistan, among this area with plenty of treat cover, making it difficult to spot him or his father's location using satellites.
How do you like that? Do you want to help a job? Did we find him yet? How about Sauna? We got him? How about Mula Bula Omar?
And the American public is worried about...
What was that thing at the Sauna? What do they call it?
The Flash crowd.
Flash mob.
That's it. Flash mob.
Flash mob.
The sky's falling. Let's do a flash mob.
1257 at 560 WQM. It's a great day for the Irish baby. It's a Wednesday. We got the big one and two comedy bits are coming up.
Mad Dog at two of the Huppercut in the studio. For a really heavy duty workout from 4 to 630.
And then we got the Marlin game where there are how many people are going to be there tonight?
About 30,000.
And not 30,000 just about 30. Come on. What is with you people?
Go support your team you assholes and I don't even care about them at all, but do something. Get off your dead ass.
At least put on a pretense and it's like a real living and breathing place even though of course we know.
I'll tell you you're living and breathing place. Rock concepts. Well, I love these people. They've been really good to me.
Over 20 years I've used them in my house. They've been in town for I think like 24 years.
And Rock concepts is the number one carpet cleaning company in the universe because they're the only ones anywhere who really dry clean your carpets.
It's an exclusive patented method that sucks out the deep down dirt way in there that you can't see with the naked eye in the fibres of your carpets.
It makes your carpets look just like brand new. Stay cleaner longer and last longer too and smell it any fresh.
They're driving a couple of hours. It's in a higher on your floor. And right now, Rock concepts during the summer months continue to offer you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
Just called Rock concepts. Tool free. 1-800-248-5071 has to be put under stand by list.
Then Rock concepts cause you next time they have an opening in their schedule. It's just like when you fly standby if you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the regular price.
And keep in mind they give you a written guaranteed price whether it's your poultry, your draper, your furniture or the carpets. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job.
No ripoffs, no scams, just a stupendous, unbeatable job every time on your floor.
So called Rock concept today has to be put under stand by list. They may even have an opening for you on the day you call like today.
And they'll give you 15% off the regular price of the job. Call tool free 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com. They are the best in the universe.
We're sports radio 5CC.
UAM.
Honest partner, since fear is neither has one Natasha and I know how to look for a motion squirt.
Instead we listen to the near-rogest parent balance one to two hour.
There's no way to detect if someone says something that's bad.
Every time I open up an email, every time I boot up my new town,
that seems like every freaking day without fail. Another virus makes my life bad.
Welcome, you've got mail.
There's no way to detect if someone says something that's bad.
Every time I open up an email, every time I boot up my new town,
that seems like every freaking day without fail. Another virus makes my life hell.
There's no way I can sign on to weigh all well without fail.
Heaven knows it really blows, comes life and life.
Besides a freak should just get a life.
Grouply 4 I think it freaks like 5, 5, stops growing with my email.
I'm not a fan of the world, I'm not a fan of the world.
I'm not a fan of the world, I'm not a fan of the world.
I'm not a fan of the world, I'm not a fan of the world.
They went out, just when I thought they would go down.
You got in trouble, and every hope station around.
And I know what the charge is on real.
But they go in every oil, every oil for you.
Oh, can't you see me standing here like that?
My back against a filling machine.
This is the worst thing I've seen.
I used to pay one like tea.
What the hell they chose?
Gas prices have chose.
They really have chose.
Gas prices have chose.
Yo, give it up for the recall.
Who's gonna be next, y'all, a fool you've got, but I don't know.
Who sings is so crazy.
I'm not a fan of the world, I'm not a fan of the world.
I'm not a fan of the world, I'm not a fan of the world.
I'm not a fan of the world, I'm not a fan of the world.
You're crazy watching me, you're crazy watching me, you're crazy watching me.
What the hell they chose?
We are on Beyonce and if you're looking for a selection of bed and bath accessories that's jumping, jumping, then bed, bath and Beyonce is your destiny, John!
America's new spot, even known, but independent women everywhere wanna say no, no, no, to expensive home furnishing feels feels good.
That's why she's open, bed, flat and Beyonce!
This week we have had a toilet seat on sale. They saw comfortable and food and leisure!
Beyonce knows bed and bath accessories and she knows you wanna shop at bed, bed and Beyonce!
Remember, you can't say bed, bath and Beyonce unless you say my name, say my name!
She's a survivor, she's not gonna give up until you say to LossiCat and bed, bed and Beyonce!
Full Winkled J Moose, he conquered television, he conquered movies, well sort of, and now he's conquering the world of heavy metal.
It's Bull Winkled Singh's Aussie!
I am who!
Yes, America's favorite Moose pays tribute to America's favorite reality TV dad, Aussie Osborne in, Bull Winkled Singh's Aussie featuring such antler banging classics as War Moose's.
Gamel gathered in their mess!
Just like which is it, like messy?
What's today's wrong writing dictionary?
When a classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a living cartoon, you get full Winkled Singh's Aussie with songs it equals you to hear, like...
Time to change, and time to change, be my culprit I ain't the same, Bucky aren't coming home!
And you wanna come home with this CD, it's Bull Winkled Singh's Aussie!
A Co-Winkled Monster Bale gonna create these plays!
Get that all the way to space!
Best of all, you don't need a permit to hunt down this collection, make a moose call to your local record store and pick up a copy today!
Life like presents, real, American hero, real American hero!
Today, we salute you, Mr. Local TV, what a man!
You're Mr. Local TV, where the Mac has...
In a world where some people get it right most of the time, and the rest get it right at least some of the time.
You manage to get it right none of the time.
We love the way you cover your butt with generic forecast, like partly cloudy with periods of sun and a chance of showers.
It might rain or maybe not!
Wow, thanks for the pinpoint accuracy, Mr. Local TV, what a man!
And by the way, the fact that it's one degree warmer three towns over has absolutely no bearing on my life whatsoever.
Nobody came!
Thank you, Mr. Local TV, what a man!
For that fake smile, that fake hair, and that fake banner with the anchor person whose job you wish you had.
But you don't!
So, open an unseasonably cool buttlight, and pour a partly sunny toast to Mr. Local TV, what a man!
A real American hero!
Mr. Local TV, where the man!
And by your temperature, safe low pressure area, Missouri.
Some of them are brown, and some are gray, and some are gray.
One of them can't walk up, and there's one, and one is six foot eight.
One is six foot eight, and one of them's a girl, and a girl likes the strip in LA.
Like the strip in LA.
California free show, a free collection day.
Swarts and they girl, hoards and they girl, hoards.
He doesn't stop to donate.
He doesn't stop to donate.
And every man should hustle, learn, hustle, learn.
Who likes the kill, a place, is Tino L.A.
And for Gary Coleman, Gary Coleman, we're almost fit on your plate.
California free show, a free show.
It's a weird election day.
Things are looking down, looking down.
For the golden state.
For the golden state.
And October 7th, October 7th.
For the golden state.
For the golden state.
I would vote for Reagan, vote for Reagan.
With hell today.
With hell today.
California free show.
In such a freaky state.
All right.
Start like the candles.
There's no power today.
And we are getting tired of it.
New York, New York.
These electrical grids.
Are way out of date.
Get someone to rewire it.
New York, New York.
I don't want to wake up in a city with no AC.
And find my food at Ospoil.
Can't watch TV.
Are these big blackout blues?
Ain't going away.
Until they fix what's wrong with it.
In Old New York.
If it can.
Happen here.
If it can happen.
Anywhere.
What will they do?
New York.
Governor, after one at 560 W.D.
443 votes on a pool.
Which of these would be the most humiliating?
To prove your pants in public 140.
To be discovered to be a pedophile 103.
To be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy 60.
To pick up what turns out to be a she-mail 53.
To fart during sex 36.
To have a very premature evacuation.
Well, that's the other one.
Ejaculation 22.
Squirt Squirt.
To fart on an elevator 15.
To pop a big wooden public eight.
And to be discovered as a crossdresser only 6.
I told you man, they're into it.
Partly.
Big time.
VIP sportsbook.com is something you ought to be.
And do because it's outflowed as best sportsbook.
And this is the time of the year with football really getting geared up now that everybody and their brother is peddling you with sportsbook.
Everybody on this radio station including people under the age of 10 are peddling sportsbooks.
What the hell do they know?
99% of these are bookies that they're talking about are in the jungles of Costa Rica.
Here today, Gundam Arle. Good luck here.
So this year, do the smart thing.
Move up in class to VIP sportsbook.com and plunge in peace.
VIP sportsbook.com is the oldest, the biggest sportsbook in the Netherlands.
So what could possibly be not to like?
100% legal amicens too.
Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com right now.
1-866 VIP bets because they're the best in South Florida.
Best by test.
Sign up now at all year long.
You can bet on South Florida football and basketball teams.
Juice free. All year long.
You want bet on the dolphins?
It's 100 to 100.
You win a bet on the hurricanes when they play another girls team.
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the big.
All signups get a 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny match play bonus on bogus craft.
VIP sportsbook.com is the way you find them online or call them tool free at 1-866 VIP bets.
That phone again is 1-866 VIP bets.
Be sure to mention QAM when you call for VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
I am low.
This is sports radio bicycle QAF.
I've seen sunny sparkle rolls.
I am yellow wee wee.
Yellow wee wee.
Yellow wee wee.
And he's my mine.
Now it's counting our 5.
Yellow wee wee.
Yellow wee wee.
No need for concern.
Cut yellow, don't burn.
When I whip it out in public, coil it fits up real.
I give a shake and vibrate between me.
Pleasure chills cause it's yellow wee wee.
The straining and burning was not a good sign.
I thought it was from an old girl friend of mine.
My doctor said no, just change your diet and you'll find it.
You can't get yellow wee wee.
There's something wrong if it's hazy or queer.
Just stop eating junk food.
Then yellowy appear.
Then you can see proudly, without any fear.
You'll have yellow wee wee.
Yellow wee wee.
Yellow wee wee.
The sight you'll be whole.
When it's counting our 5.
Yellow wee wee.
Yellow wee wee.
Just look at it close.
Now I'm feeling fine.
Good back hole in the towel.
You're throwing it in the towel.
You feel your subsurvy and with your tongue up the dush.
That was stuck between a dick and a bush.
Gave your son career a push.
Ae sleepin' right behind ya.
The bushes and the salty bodies are no better.
They're no puddle on the floor in the back of an adult bookstore.
Squirt, squirt.
And you finally realize with all the bulls**t in lies
you're no underlies of rice and of the land.
They should have him insta-tutionalize.
They're the greatest president of the media since of all mankind.
That is to say at least until these creeps are all in beach.
You've got a Justin Pan.
Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27th, 1980, at 11.24pm.
While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat,
yank me by my hair and say, woman, don't spoil her.
I said okay.
Chelsea was sold by her opium-addicted father when she was eight years old.
Chelsea looked at him and said bad things about her daddy.
That sealed the decision for Bill.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
But even more frightening, at the age of 15, Chelsea had come back to haunt us.
She escaped and returned home.
Only to be sold again to a whorehouse.
Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them?
Me.
Hillary.
Rotem.
Clinton.
Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it.
Oh yeah, right I said.
Looking like a days boxer had just been pummeled in the ring.
She leaned toward me and whispered in my ear.
You bitch.
You on Fox right after 101 things removed from the human body,
it's 101 things removed from Richard Simmons but.
I want to get started right away.
Zag nuts.
Oh, this is quickie toy.
SpongeBob Squarepants.
Rolex.
Hold it.
This is big.
Tivo.
101 things removed from Richard Simmons but.
Unfuck.
Where you get?
To Iowa.
You know when you feel the weight of sadness, you feel lonely and don't enjoy the things you once loved.
Hey Rex, how's it going boy?
Oh my god.
I don't enjoy you anymore.
These are some symptoms of depression.
Talk to your doctor about solar.
The number one prescribed brand of its kind.
Hi Rex, I'm on solar now.
So I'm better.
How's it going boy?
Oh my god.
Hey.
Oh that's okay.
I've got two of them.
Oh, give my ankle back.
You trick star.
So locked is not forever.
Oh, the Chris Blutow over the carpet.
I was going to get a new one anyway.
So locked.
Tonight I'm biography with Mr. Mayonnaise.
Hello, I'm Harry Smith.
Isanegde Itage, Wakaminando.
Isanegde Itage, this is the...
Join us tonight as we delve into the life of Cuban Aikai Silia Cruz.
Born in Oyster Bay Long Island, Cecil Krugman was a gifted child in more ways than one.
Little did he know what one it would be.
The early days of his career were involved, performing stand-up comedy in drag.
So I tell you, if you want flowers, go bang a florist.
Is it me or is it boo?
Or my big red sparkles, boo.
Or would boy.
Cecil signed up as a merchant marine in Wasenta Cuba, where he re-tooled his nightclub act,
and he came to well and out Superman that was featured in the film Godfather 2.
Little did he know, Castro would rise the power, forcing him to change his act once again.
Welcome, I'm Miranda.
I ride around that time and there was a voice of me, though.
So I happened to be hung like Uncle Melty, and I decided to slip on a dress and start singing.
Cecil changed his name to Zillia Cruz, and became enormously successful as a drag queen self-assinger.
Rihanna, won't be a scared of the body of drag, and they look like her, and it's close, I'm with a pain.
True business dealings earned Zillia his fortune, like they could Sony had after a record label offered him 85 cents per record in royalties.
One dollar medal, I take that one dollar's medal.
Honest headnote, Zillia died.
What was said?
125 at 560 WQM, 459 votes on a poll on Theorangers.com on our prestigious poll.
Which of these would be the most humiliating to poop in your pants in public, 146 be discovered as a pedophile 105,
to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy, 64, to pick up what turns out to be a female 55, to fart during sex 36.
Come on, thank you.
To have a very premature ejaculation, 23, to fart on an elevator, 16, to pop a big-witty in public 8,
and to be discovered as a cross-dressist, 6, of course there are some of us who wish we only could pop a big-witty in public or private or anywhere else.
If I now you've heard us talk, I hell of a lot on this show about lamin and seroths.
I hope, and how laminated wood flooring from lamin and seroths is the easy, the smart, the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which is so damn expensive.
Lamin and seroths is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a business,
Peridor or Pergo Wilson R Unifloor and Quick Step 2.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo Certified Instaurs.
Here's another smart reason why you have to be called lamin and seroths.
Their prices are so low, it'll probably flow you.
Right now you can get their September kickoff special for just $1995.
That's correct. Just $1995 up to $380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring, positively unbelievable.
And lamin and seroths will match any legitimate written...
You know we never play? What? I mean, I never play anymore.
Unbelievable.
Exactly. And why don't we do that? That's the original one. That's the bestest.
And lamin and seroths will match any legitimate written offer to, for a free in-home estimate call,
lamin and seroths toll free at 1-877-777-3336 and tell them that neurotic old meal told you to call,
What could be easier? Free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving a 25-year warranty and,
years and years of beautiful, easy care, laminated wood flooring.
Call lamin and seroths today toll free. That number again is 1-877-777-3336.
Line 5 in local, near sports radio, five cities, you and QAM.
Toil toiloy, toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil to
the sausage and whore has pants and pipe smoker and uncircumcised skew and bin and gauge in the paper the day
I'm a cranky homo foe not that I mind it but I'm way too old I fantasize about being in bed
In a trist with feedlons my man friend did it I'll kiss and make up with jinnara someday and then ask him to break my bun
No very nober again
Though I would not deal for more fun and I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union
Just bold and then stroking away
Boy they kill you're not my type
Just sound like a nine year old kid
No leader macho mendekai
You don't know this is me
That makes me lift my wig
If ginger was a lover of mine
I'd bury my boldest man he knows
Inside his imply rear end
No I would not be a sport old
If I was not the cause of the fate
That's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel busy and gay
Everybody know my thousand balls
Yeah a ginger and more gay union would make my sorrows only as feel safe
If we had a ginger and more gay union then he wouldn't have to get me raped
I'll so pop around like nothing you've seen before
Excuse me, a steam father
What is it my child?
I have something I must tell you
What is it my daughter?
Oh father I am afraid to tell you
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family
Nonsense I am your father
I love you very much
You must tell me what is wrong
You promised you was to love me?
Of course my sweet child
Of father's love is not erased by a simple misneed
Very well I am
I am pregnant
Oh I see
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do
But since you are pregnant and not married
Yes father?
I am afraid I must drag you down to the town square
And with the help of my friends and neighbors stone you today
That's my daughter
It is written that this is the punishment for what you have done
Could you check again father?
I should only be grounded
I am not grounded, I was not what
And was that you've shown it's the first time
And the focus is on a fundamentalist middle eastern family
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
What is it my wife?
Oh I have something to tell you
Am I listening?
I am having an affair
Oh I see
Are you going?
Actually back yard to collect some stones
How do you mean?
Yes I must drag you to the town square
Where you will of course be stones today
No being as bright as you follow the lives of the pregnant family
And they deal with the many problems that plague them
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes my son
Pleasant and I use your little drugs
Well what do you know?
You are one lucky boy
Oh why is it father?
You are going to get stone two nights in a row
You are one of them
A guiding shea
A guiding shea I just shot on location in fact I hear her
Oh ok partner
You get close meet them for the day
Oh
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
I am having a hard time
You get close meet them for the day
Oh mm
They stretch out恢
They stretch out恢
They stretch out恢
They stretch out恢
Wow
Oh hey no come see my foot
Its stuck
cassette
And
ąd
Sophia
me
Mmm, McDonald's
McDonald's
Ooh
Ooh
Get the pizza with the pizza
Get the chicken and the pizza
Have the pizza
Get the pizza
Get the chicken and the pizza
McDonald's
Get the chicken and the pizza
McDonald's
Get the chicken and the pizza
McDonald's
Get the chicken and the pizza
Have the pizza
Have the pizza
Have the pizza
Oh, we've got a new year
Oh, we've got a new year
Oh, we've got a new year
And we've been stuck
Oh, we've got a new year
And our program is super
We've got 2 Hourцию
1, 2
3, 4, 5, Stand Up
Come on! Come on!
Come on! Come on!
Come on! Go do anyher
Detonement, ו artık
Effenizah
Revising you
You might mention my name to rights master Gary
My life and look up this is 4205 City
UAM
I said
John here in the taxi car
I said driver several times
You look that mean so quesitally
I could tell he was in a dock
So I acted out my puncture in
with my arms the trees I made
There's no bug speaks English
and I'm all
I went down to my arm and reached
where the weather was nice and sunny
I walked into a liquor store
but it got their talks real fun
I asked him for a pint of
whole gym beanie says
No, at the end of what doesn't mean
the butter's English
and I'm all
That cornered the alley
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan
speaking with smelly
Oh you can go back to your hour
and
I came here many years ago
learned my ABC
I don't say much is gross
here I said pretty pretty
so get yourself to a classroom
I'm quicker and American now
stop making mistakes
No but I speak English
Come in and mwah!
I hope to join in the morning
I hope to join tonight
I hope to join in the afternoon
It makes me feel alright
I hope to join just time up with
and the mood inside my mind
I hope to join people
I hope to join
I say I hope to more
Oh my name is
Mary, it was for me
but you see how lucky I am
from my mind
It was for me
so you should be best you can
for ten one day
I'm the damn out
the damn from me
it's it
the hard work is good
and hard work is fine
but first take care of it
so now I hope to join
when I get up
in the shower I hope to join
I hope to join when I play video game
and there's every ten thousand boys
I hope to join
I hope to join in time up with
and the mood inside my mind
I hope to join people
I hope to join
I say I hope to more
Oh my name is Mary
Mary, it's for me
I hope to join
I say I hope to more
Oh my name
Mary
Oh my name is Mary
it was for me
so you should be hard work in my
for my mind
it was for me
so you should be best you can
for ten one day
I'm the damn out
the damn from me
it's it
the hard work is good
and hard work is fine
but first take care of it
that's why I hope to join
in the morning
I hope to join the night
I hope to join in the afternoon
it's making it getting alright
I hope to join
in time up with
and doing time up
oh
I hope to join people
I hope to join
and I hope to more
oh my name is Mary
it was for me
so you should be good
and I hope to join
in time up with
and I hope to join
in time up with
and I hope to join
in time up with
and I hope to join in
and I hope to join some other
problems we our homework
oh
to join in
go to join
and I hope to join
and I hope
to join some other
problems we our
work
oh to join
and I hope to join
You're a grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown,
grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown
Who will your brain, product or husband, instead of okay? A physician uses his name, my pulse and up, down, my hips knitting all around and around, how this life for three days now
Who will your brain, product or husband, instead of okay? A physician uses his name, my pulse and up, down, my hips knitting all around, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown
grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown
grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown
grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown, grown
3 generations of great daughters and snimmers And if you act now, Trico will grow in a fabulous collection of grown, the grown, with James Brown,
Danny Rogers, Matt Benatar, plus Minnie Moore If you try to buy these records, they probably put you away, you can only get them from Trico,
Bruns and Grounds, plus daughters and snimmers From Crackle, where we say, if you'll buy this, you'll buy anything!
Oh, that has really been going away, I didn't wait to attack the Bacchus, but they go home and eat your whole holes,
until you explode, just like your back-backed churn in ladies, have you buy two seats on a plane,
spelling your fingers that are yellow, staying from sea jones, can see your toes, after piggy-fungos,
proud to be fact-disgusting and hasty, oh, hey,
you make the shutter, women smile, play like a cow, who's spandid, sad things,
think smelly, bad soul, repulsive and mild, your body cheese smells like a grappa,
after it was occupied by head, past learned it, oh, she wants you to get into your car,
and thus her to got them wild!
Oncansqueel, oncansqueel, oncansqueel, fat lady,
living with your loverless being, slavering and sorting the tree between her feet,
as me, tailed old yeast, smells reaching to me,
laughing up a tune and that voice then hasty pain!
Alright everybody, this is a special song for all of us,
that people, our ants of our song, now go to the cupboard and grab a bag,
like I have of the rios in that sense of fun!
Fat people got no reason to, fat people got no reason to,
fat people got no reason to feel guilty!
We've got jubbie hands, big bad eyes, big bear bearless,
tagging with past our files, two, three chips, six to ten rolls,
we have to take a picture just to look at our toes!
We don't want no low calorie, don't want no fat, free for me,
don't want no skin and people round here!
So, all kinds of diets, we try it almost every one,
a build a squareth of fat out, in other words you get the runs!
We say this time we beat it, we're gonna lose the weight!
Now pass that meat fried chicken, I'll stop my diet tomorrow today!
Fat people got no reason to, fat people got no reason to,
fat people got no reasons to feel guilty!
We've got food on our mind, in a second of the day,
a nine upon the roses, nine could damn out of day!
A really big cause, with a seat bent way back,
a blow full of rap was rumble, big mac a tag,
with no defeat jotted, almost quick with a joke!
We say we gave the win because we no longer smoke!
Don't want no slim, fast around!
Just don't want no lies, lunch around!
Don't want no time, ask any winner round here!
I just love reaching in, and doing what this skinny people can do!
If I do read on baby, get out of the radar!
I love them!
While you people are working out, feeling all unhappy, I'm in the ring!
I'm happier by the life! I love them!
Where tonne rigs are back, again!
I'm still a few hours finished!
It's almost full of all the lethal weapon movies, if you don't count the first three!
lethal weapon four!
Danny Glover!
Speak to me rigs!
Mel Gibson!
It's okay mate, I was wearing bulletproof socks!
Joe Pesci!
What? What? My clown?
Renee Russo!
Just because I'm a woman doesn't mean I can't kick your sorry asses like I did in the last movie!
I'm the one before that!
Oh!
M! Chris Rock!
Yo, man! The motherfucking ain't got no-
lethal weapon four!
All the action suspends an adventure of the first three movies,
plus the wisdom that only comes from being on the force for 72 years.
Only 10 seconds till retirement!
Hope nothing bad happens!
We go weapon four!
Rated R for retire already, would ya?
Bye bye bye!
The new budget show I'm pricing is an EQA-
I am for learning!
I pooped my pants!
Absolutely!
