Why did you play a sting?
Bill Clinton was exposed as an adulterer.
One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly,
but now is my turn to show him what I had discovered.
On that auspicious day, lunch was served on the grounds
under an enormous white canvas tent.
One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro.
There was a mischievous gleam in his eye.
Then he said something that left me in awe.
Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office.
Mmm, delicious!
Almost immediately, we crashed into bed.
It was wonderful to lose myself in sheer physical sensation.
A few days later, Stevie Wonder called and asked
if he could come over to see me at the White House.
I answered, yes, you must come to see me.
That night, I was ushered upstairs and told to put on a wig and hoops skirt.
And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason.
I'm not all that athletic anymore,
but the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth, squealing.
When Stevie finished, I felt numb.
Another surprise soon followed.
Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Mick Jagger.
He held in mind. After all, what happens?
It's your dose, you go girl. 10-0-1-5-60 WDQM.
Happy Friday to you!
You were right, I was wrong.
It's a big fat man to admit it. You were right.
It'll come any bigger, fatter.
Well, I guess they did.
They, I'm in a right place for that.
When you're in South Florida, no matter how old you get, that's one part.
You're still a youngster.
Yes, you're a spring chicken.
And number two, no matter how fat you are, QAM.
You've got lots and lots of people who make you look like Rumpel Stills' command.
Big fat, tubby people.
But you were right about the fact that if they'd been put on at the same time,
then it would have won the 9-11 thing.
Oh, yes.
Well, we didn't, so we gave kind of a handicap.
Anyway, a little note of no interest to George, but just for a point of information.
In the Toronto Sun, yesterday, here's the little bird on the sports page.
Bruins 1 Panthers 1 and it says,
the Panthers offered season ticket holders for free tickets to the game.
In an effort to fill the arena with NHL Commissioner Gary Bevin in attendance,
there were 17,465 tickets distributed.
Although the crowd appeared to be no more than half that size.
That's what it said both in the Sun and the Star here yesterday.
Okay, where truth, the course, makes a little bit of difference.
As opposed to the usual propaganda, you get from the shields like Mike Russo and David J. Neal.
And Grave Bevin says,
Oh, I didn't need to have any of that done because I watched the games on TV.
Oh, well, had a boy, Gary, if I'd have a guy get a nose job, you idiot.
You simple to knew.
So there you go.
So the beast I guess is being generous.
Of course, he likes generous portions.
So when he called in yesterday, he said there were maybe 12,000 people ever not game.
He was exaggerating just a wee bit, maybe about 50%.
Anyway, 1446 votes on yesterday's poll.
Oh, got the new inquiry today I should point out.
Wow.
Got some stuff in there, including, I'm even going to do an article about Lacey and Stacey and Macey,
which we have aciduously avoided talking about that.
Yeah, so why are you going to know?
Because it's important stuff.
It's as Lacey was smothered, Scott Kilder and her sleep cops chilling evidence.
Got the new Michael Jackson crap.
By the way, what was on last night was not your main to the case.
I'm all that's gets serious.
Oh, you talk about what is it yesterday?
It's all spin all the time.
Not just that story, but every story.
It's all spin politics.
Michael Jackson, you name it.
The spin doctors, hard at work to manipulate public opinion.
While the public is busy shopping till they drop going, who's Scott Peterson and who to help wash it, I really care.
And we got a little bit more on Hill Pop and Rush, quite a bit more as a matter of fact.
Jucky.
Oh, I love the headline.
Can I find a headline in this new inquiry?
Police web closing in on Rush.
Oh, right.
Police web.
All right.
They're just trying to smear him and make him look bad.
Yeah, smear this, Roy.
It's all fishing expedition.
Smear this.
Roy.
1446 votes on yesterday's survey.
What news event of the past 50 years had the most significance to you?
Before we get the results on, here's our very first important call from Line 6 QAM.
Recycling.
George W. Bush deals the 2,000 election 413 votes.
9-11, which we didn't put on till nearly the end of the show, 362.
You're right.
If we put them on simultaneous side by each, a lot of people would like to have changed their vote.
Because originally the poll said other than 9-11.
Because we assumed it automatically win by a landslide.
But we put it on right near the very end of that was my bad.
Or maybe it was my bad putting it on at all.
JFK assassination was a strong 3rd, 171.
Hurricane Andrew, which also I apologize for putting it on very late, slipped my mind.
I'm out of touch.
87.
Vietnam more 78.
Collapse of the Soviet Union 48.
John Lennon murder 41.
The challenger explodes.
32.
The Maryl Boltlift 31.
Incribles.
The alien saga.
Incribles.
28.
Berlin Wall comes down 28.
Internet bubble bursts.
26.
Clinton impeachment 23.
Watergate slash Nixon resignation 17.
Elvis Crookes on the crapper.
16.
Martin Luther King assassination 16.
Princess Dye dies.
Dye Dienu 11.
Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes governor of California 9.
And the RFK assassination only 6.
It just they just don't care about Bobby Kennedy I guess.
Why is that?
It.
I'll see that with that that that really well.
I'm asking him personally and of course they can't tell me what I want to hear.
But it just seems to me in terms of the significance.
Because he was upstage by brother because had he not been assassinated he would have won the election almost for sure.
Right.
And we never had Nixon or Watergate and the whole lot of things would have been much different.
But then again if chickens P they'd have a wet underside too.
So stop and think about that.
Let's see now this where did this come from?
What?
It looks like a listener wrote it.
Well I guess best of Neil and Joe and Mark toy drive would Joe and Mark at singular wireless.
At 1920 South University drive in Davie new to today.
Is this from a girl?
Yes.
I see.
So yesterday we did okay thanks to the fact that I threatened to put your ass on here today which brought out tons of people.
They were like just troubling all over each other.
And when it looked like we only had 20 bucks there at the shell station we went up with 500 and what is it?
Three.
503.
I thought I was misreading my run and where do you get how do you get three?
Well remember he threw in the three bucks so I guess that's right.
503.
So anyway our total for abandoned pay rescue is getting up there.
We'll make 50.
46,148 bucks.
We ought to make 100,000 but we won't because most of you are cheap back.
You're in there and some of you don't have a job.
And some of you even if you didn't have a really good job you still wouldn't give a dime.
And you've got all kinds of excuses but that's okay we're used to that.
So anyway singular wireless and of course Joe and Mark always raised tons of cash.
Every time I am when they go out there's nothing like it you know.
When you agree with that when they go to collect money for us there is nothing like it.
We'll take it.
We'll take whatever they get you're right.
So that's no one to do today just mention that in passing.
Anyway this very important internal memo which we try to avoid putting internal memos in here.
WQAM hello.
Yeah hello.
Yes sir.
What is it?
What's the name of the room?
My name is Roy.
Open park.
Oh let's go to the park.
Okay park.
Hey how you doing Roy?
Okay let's talk about the ELEM thing.
Why I didn't say charging them people with obstruction or...
You know I've just got to be lost.
Obstruction of justice that's right that's a good point.
They have to throw their ashes in the slammer.
You're right they're busy suing people to try to hop on a gravy train to get the extort some money out of the government.
In the meantime they ought to be charged with obstruction of justice. Excellent point Roy.
At least that.
Hey man have a good day.
And you too.
See he's going to quote while his head because I actually agreed.
Well well it's not to agree right?
Right.
I think that Maris Greasy asks and the rest of her two and Lazaro and some of those other drunken relives they ought to be in jail.
For obstruction of justice but of course they didn't want to like piss off all the old Cubans get them all riled up again and then get all the attorneys that fed Armando Greasy years out again and some of those others.
That role will foul foul Sanchez whatever's the image right what he hears.
Notice how some of the most obnoxious people in South Florida have that same last name Sanchez.
Well I apologize to the other eight Indian Sanchez isn't South Florida.
I had somebody else in mind.
Anyway maybe Rick Sanchez would like to be because his TV show is obviously a bomb.
A bomb but a bomb it's going to be going off the air one of these days soon.
So he'd like to be on a morning show.
I think you can try to watch it for just you know.
I think that was great.
Oh okay.
There's no audience.
There's no studio audience you understand.
It's just right.
Him and a tiny little broom closet talking to people on folding chairs.
And you didn't like it.
Oh.
Oh I loved it.
No okay.
Well as long as you liked it.
Anyway here's our first poll today.
Now yesterday I don't know how much response this one won't be up really all that long because it's one of those you don't want to like waste two hours on.
I got another one later on.
What's your take on the Lake Worth woman who got four years in prison for serving booze to my ears and having sex with a 13 year old boy?
What's up there already?
Five choices.
See I don't know what to say about that.
I just don't think that especially when you consider that some of the people like murder people get like a slap on a wrist in a few years.
Then they get out earlier for good behavior and not raping any inmates.
I mean I don't know.
Here the choices four years is way too much.
I agree with the sentence.
She should have gotten more.
She should only be on probation or she got four years Michael Jackson should get 40.
That's not your main to the question but nevertheless.
In case anybody missed it your main says oh yeah the police abused Michael and they beat him up in a he's got bruises and he's got a sore shoulder and he's all sore about it and he's got a sore.
Welcome all these other things.
They gave me a monkey ball for my own.
Yeah.
In the meantime of course everybody saw that he was just a waltz at along just fine.
He was moonwalking right into the goddamn jail and he moonwalked right out and hopped in the old van and zip docked to a Vegas.
Newspin.
I've been zipping it on zip in it all these other things but oh no now we got a new spin on that deal and of course nobody.
Nobody believes that.
Try even Jermaine don't believe that but it sounds good.
They abused him and they beat up on him.
To which if that were true we'd probably say.
All right.
Take any wedgie.
Yeah.
Oh man oh man it's hard to find any room left over in here.
Welcome.
Indian burns.
So the first poll is up and I don't know if you know I also should have a damn it.
One more our category.
Sorry about this Eric.
Right.
We got to put a category in there.
I don't know I don't know the story.
Oh all right.
Boy we got to put that on there.
Yeah I got to.
Now it's for making up with a story.
Let's get that on there.
Tell Erika give him a nudge just poke him in the appropriate.
From it it's after 10 to 560 WQ I'm happy Friday 2 we got a full docket today.
And I didn't get to the memo yet about that morning talent that they're looking for.
I say I'm listening official Q a M M M O might be it's this morning show and answer.
Absolutely.
So somebody evidently from what we're hearing is squeezes.
Colossumay bag all morning long get all paranoid.
Of course it's not paranoid when you have good reason to be fearful Howard.
Oh I mean does it how it.
Attention horse racing fans.
Pop it up.
Park is open along with the card room for their 40th anniversary season.
The track features free admission free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in poker room or if you open every Monday Wednesday Friday like tonight and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon if you like your poker and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.05 pm including two night.
Don't forget every Monday night to pop it up.
Park is a two for $25 dinner special in the prestigious six floor top of the park restaurant.
The food is outstanding.
What the hell did I have for dessert that night that I was there.
Oh my god was that good.
I forgot.
Damn it.
Maybe Steve Wolf will fax me so I can plug it on the air.
Man it was one of the best dessert things I ever had there in my life.
Anyway every Wednesday night through December 17 in other words this coming Wednesday the hooters girls of the
a pompadopark for dollar night helping serve draft beers and meeting racing fans helping out your meat.
And don't forget pompadopark is open for simul casting every single day.
Seven days a week and nights as well featuring the best in simul casting harness their bread.
High action from all across North America.
Feed a watch and punch your guts on Randy Waples is back.
Pompadopark a blouse out of a block set of the night in Boulevard on a power line road for the new racing schedule called 954 972 2000.
Oh I know what it was it was kind of like a um.
Oh what the hell was it like what was like.
Hi now putting now take now it was like a thing.
Oh let's come back to me.
You get close.
Pompadopark of course power you can bet on for the new racing schedule 954 972 2000 or go to the wicked web at pompadopark.com.
My life is like a weird sports radio 560s you ain't you a.m.
No how young is too young.
I don't know but third man I can't believe I'm the winner.
I am the winner.
Well it wasn't even close I terminated for all great day place.
The people didn't see from care I grabbed the movies I'm the little miss.
California has spoken at the winner lots of women said I final them in all it was like 13th dream.
But that don't care and the waters don't care because now I'm done to prop a native of the California G.M.P.
Well I used all of my muscle and I used all of my sex appeal.
I'm very honest I guess the voters didn't care that I made all those big mouthfuls who choose to screw you.
Well if you're honest with the public and you tell them you had a final screen trust me.
Tell what gave you like he did me and elect you to the G.M.P.
He's a key change in the song.
Who's the man say little Batman Super Mario brother never had a girl.
The older start about the day he's a little Batman on the way.
He's a little bit of a tiny horse.
I'm the victor I'm the winner and my hard wife is a can of thee.
And now I'm the new croppen of the California G.M.P.
Yeah good for you. 1017 at 560 by the way that investigation about that he's going to investigate himself and going to happen.
No? He said why would I investigate myself and that kind of stupid I lied.
Let us see you on the talk.
What's your take on the Lake Worth woman who got four years in prison for serving boost the miders having sex with that 13 year old boy.
What's your take? If she got four years Michael Jackson should get 40.
Twenty three people said that.
The first 63 votes four years is way too much 14.
That's what I voted.
Do you vote for that?
I voted for the probation.
She should only be on probation 10.
I agree with the sentence eight she should have gotten more for and I'm not familiar with a story for so far.
She got more like about 50 years being a slammer I would think at the very least.
Here's a couple of facts as people getting pretty pressed about certain things.
This one just very simply says USA July 4 1776 to October 7 2003.
RIP.
How do you like that?
And Greg in sunrise is just so out of control.
I wish he put it back in his pants just to kind of like cool off for a second or two to heal.
Says how about a pool and ask if I were present I would blank.
For me I eliminate all taxes and options to all religions.
Like I said nice going Greg.
I don't allow exemptions from what he's used directly to wait the poor elderly and the disabled.
Oh that's no fun.
After all the other money they make is used to support the religious beliefs and build big fancy churches and temples.
And what a great segue to the story of the day.
You know what the story of the day is?
What's the story of the day?
The Reverend Robert Shore and that crystal cathedral in that hour of shower power.
But before we get to that.
Oh we better take the car online nine number one Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah one more for your poor I know you're not taking full things but where was she when I was 13?
Okay yeah I was thinking about that.
Yeah I brought my life.
Would that be in poor taste oh that's a bad way to put it.
I was putting my foot in my mouth.
Anyway let's not the over burden Eric okay he's under tremendous duress under unbelievable stress.
Can you imagine a fat person like him at the holidays? Oh boy.
I don't have to imagine.
They're all a man.
There are a lot of holidays are just a convenient excuse to be really picking out.
Most of us fat people we don't need any excuses we just pick out just as a matter of course but during the holidays I got some very bad news for it by the way.
Guess what I found yesterday and I wasn't even looking for it.
Candy?
Well now you're your warm it was a kind of candy.
I see my name on it.
Roger's almond brood.
Oh gee.
Oh boy.
Aught to be illegal.
Oh gee.
If I just wouldn't have seen it.
I was looking for trouble as mine in my own business.
I was just going in to get like a bottle of water and that's the truth.
Available only with a prescription for people like you.
Available only where I happen to like fall into.
Oh brother.
That stuff is you're right it's obscenely good.
You can order it online.
I don't see you read there on the market numbers.
Do I that's bad.
Oh see I told you.
That is bad.
Anyway here's a memo QAM position available.
December 11th 2003.
That's yesterday's date if I'm correct.
Position Morning Show Announcer Availability Immediate.
Absolutely.
Description.
Knowledge of sports and the ability to entertain is a must.
Must also be highly motivated.
Creative and a team player.
Oh oh maybe that's why we're looking for a Morning Show Announcer.
Because maybe we got somebody who's not a team player.
Absolutely.
Closing gate until Phil.
Peace and resume.
To QAM attention.
Josh Darrow.
Joshua Darrow.
Oh Joshua.
I thought only Joshua on guiding light was Joshua.
I mean Joshua in a Bible is Joshua.
Do you know anybody named Joshua?
I do now.
Who did Joshua slay?
He slayed some all of them.
The King and I.
The Palestinians.
The Minonites.
He's the Palestinians.
The uh...
Fulashes.
I don't know.
He slayed a whole bunch of folks who's got to tell them.
Slay them all.
A lot of people.
Oh listen to this.
Here's the story of the century I love this.
Hethner Burger ads upset Reverend Schuller.
Oh right.
Woo.
What a great tie into Greg's thanks from sunrise.
By the way Greg, you can still put it away for a while.
Los Angeles, the Reverend Robert H. Schuller,
who's weekly hour of power televanjolishio air's nationwide,
is objecting to TV commercials that use Playboy founder Hugh Hethner
to talk a new line of hamburgers.
The ads are for a line of five sandwiches called the $6 burger sold by Carl's
Jr. restaurant in 14 western states.
Now, Carl's Jr. that's not where they had the E. Coli burgers.
That was the other one.
Or maybe it was Carl's Jr.
What's the other routine after the big boy?
No, it's not big boy.
They don't got no big boy.
Jack in the box.
Jack in the box.
I think you're very good.
What a great comeback that was after just sticking both feet in his mouth.
That was good.
The ads feature Hethner 77 and his signature silk pajama is holding a bulging sandwich.
People always ask me, hey, Heth, you have favorites?
He says in one version, I love them all.
It just depends on what I'm in the mood for.
In one ad, his comments are industries with appearances by three women,
one of whom says, I feel for Heth, it's so hard to choose.
The tagline the campaign is because some guys don't like the same thing night after night.
In his weekly sermon, tape last Sunday for broadcast this Sunday,
the 70 70 year old Schuller denounces the ads as harmful to children and demeaning to women.
Wait until he hears his comments.
He says, I have never been so appalled hurt, wounded, embarrassed, and I cannot let it pass.
Schuller said from the pulpit.
American kids are dying in Iraq every goddamn day, including more yesterday.
But he's concerned about commercials for Hamburg, where is it Carl's Jr. with you, Hethner.
I have never been so appalled hurt, wounded, embarrassed, and I cannot let it pass.
Schuller said from the pulpit.
The ads has sparked hundreds of complaints since they began airing in early November,
according to Carl's Jr. spokeswoman Caroline Leakin.
She's Leakin.
Last month, objections from the leaders of Thomas Aquinas College,
a liberal, a Catholic liberal arts school college in Santa Paula, California,
resulted in the resignation of Andrew Puzder, president and chief executive of CKE restaurants,
ink from the school's group board of governors.
He's a putz.
Schuller said the company's founder, Carl Cartier, is just heartbroken that the company he founded on Christian principles,
has taken such an immoral act that can be so dangerous on the impressions of other children who watch.
Leakin said she hasn't heard from Cartier about the campaign.
We're sorry people took offense, but we're standing by our advertising.
She said, unlike those whims that have a crabby and bitch.
We're sorry people took offense, but we're standing by our advertising.
She said, there's nothing sexual about them.
Right?
Leakin said the Hethner campaign will end at the end of the month.
The change edgy ads has sparked complaints for years, including one,
where a young woman rides a mechanical bull while eating a burger,
another where a team of people manipulated chicken and search of its nuggets.
That's what Scram was doing at the...
Roar!
Yeah, she was searching for his nuggets.
The ad with the tag, about a while ago, there was a Troy Stratford, just still with us.
The ad with the tagline, chickens don't have nuggets, was for the restaurant's chicken strips.
CKE restaurants based in Carpentaria, California.
Oh, I never heard of that place, but I sure liked it in Carpentaria.
Don't you like that?
That does a roll off nice.
Carpentaria, California.
Also operates hardies and lasalcer restaurants.
It's spicy and spicy.
Baby, so they go, Reverend Schuler is pissed off and fired up.
So those are your morons.
They're going to be watching his hour of power with...
Let's go take a shower this Sunday morning on TV from his crystal cathedral,
from his expensive digs there in his crystal cathedral.
You'll be able to see him vent and froam at the mouth.
He has never been...
What's that line again?
I've never been so appalled, hurt, wounded, embarrassed, and I cannot let it pass.
Schuler said from the pulpit.
He cannot let a big one pass.
Wow, that just...
Isn't that just to do something for you?
No.
Makes me want to burp.
Oh, it won't.
Besides that.
Anyway, how's that thing with that...
And maybe I shouldn't even take a poll on this story,
because maybe people don't think it's that important.
It just struck me as really being bizarre, especially the way that we distribute justice so unevenly.
You know?
I mean, what she did was obviously unacceptable,
and in addition to which there's nothing in the story that I read that indicates
that she gave the kid booze to...
You know, like Michael, who was given in that Jesus juice, drinking the...
A lot of a can with a straw.
Yeah, that's in today's story again in the inquire.
We knew about it in the Vegas story,
but now come to find out the kid with their cancer.
They are a kid that's in the centerpiece of this new allegation.
He was feeding him Jesus juice,
which is what he called when you drink wine out of a can through a straw.
It's Jesus juice.
But I mean, there's no indication that she had to look at a kid up,
and of course she was 27, he's 13.
You see what I'm saying?
You know, what you're gonna have to plan with wine.
Anyway, what's your take on a Lake Worth woman who got four years in prison
for serving booze to minors and having sex with a 13-year-old boy?
I know what Reverend Schoener would think about it.
If she got four years, Michael Jackson's gonna get 40.
33 people said that.
She should only be on probation.
Guess how many said that?
About third, man.
Four years is way too much, 17.
I agree with a sentence, 13.
I'm not familiar with the story, 10.
He should have gotten more, six.
Six angry self-reliance, ba!
Just in time for the holidays, you should have gotten the life, honey.
They should have fried your ass in the electrodes here, an old sparky,
firing at baby up again, just one more time.
What you think?
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Freakin' bitch.
Twice.
10, 26, and 5, 60, WQM.
It's a wonderful time of the year in the holidays.
A lot of people enjoy, they, you know, do their thing with their families and their friends.
But a lot of people hate to crowded malls in the traffic
and long register lines in all the parking hassles.
In fact, some people go to get so pissed off about a parking space.
But you know how that goes.
So make your gift giving a pleasure, a little easier this year for you and your loved ones.
Give a gift certificate from Dallamatris.
What a practical, what a great gift that would be.
Call them now at 1-800-Matris and give the gift they'll be thanking you for in,
night in and night out.
Dallamatris has got gift certificates in any denomination
and a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years.
It's Dallamatris, no phone, e-promises, no bait and switch.
Just unbeatable, the best in the world discount prices every day in the top brand names.
Now including, stirons and foster hewitt.
Dallamatris has got the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere on stirons and bananas foster.
What's almost that dessert?
When you call Dallamatris toll free at 1-800-Matris,
you pick the day in time for delivery within any two-hour window,
seven days a week from 8-10-10-10-night and they show up when you are all waiting for them.
So when it's convenient for you, that's when you'll be there and do the whole thing.
Honest sales practices, fantastic service, everyday low prices,
same day delivery and free setup and removal make it easy to see even a moron can see.
Absolutely.
By Dallamatris's rank number one in the world of customer satisfaction.
Do what everybody's doing, even the beast now is sleeping on a mattress and Dallamatris for his big bad ass.
So call him today at 1-800-Matris, 1-800-MATTRES
or online you'll find it at mattress.com.
Happy holidays from all your good close personal pizons at Dallamatris.
My and Low.
This is 4-Tradio 5-Six.
He's not a huge fan of Dallamatris.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
In one song, he mentions banging seven women.
He was Lou Bega.
A little bit of modega in my life.
A little bit of herregard on my side.
Well, I do not want to brag, but the Lou Bega is cavalier about his mega hit, Mumble number five.
A man like me, so many appetites.
I must snack often, no?
God is this guy for real.
Desperate to get a viewpoint which conflicted with this obnoxious mother f***.
We start outside psychiatrist Dr. Jane Ohman's suck.
This Lou Bega is a dysfunctional sex addict.
He has delusions of rander in the severe phallic obsession.
He should be castrated and forced to eat it.
I mean, really, you don't catch me having sex with seven men ever.
In my lifetime?
Clearly, we are attempted to discredit Lou Bega had backflared.
So, we went the other way and found porn star Ron Jeremy.
Jesus, that's f***ing fantastic.
You know, I don't think I ever did it with seven women in my whole career.
I mean, at one time, four was the most they gave me.
But then it kind of evens out, because I was, you know,
let's just say I've had Lou Bega didn't put it in all the places I did.
So for me, four women was more like ten or twelve.
You know, come to think of it, that Lou Bega is an f***hole.
Who was he to say he's better than me?
Will you listen to this?
Typical man.
They all have to whip out their things and brag about who gets to do me.
I mean, not me.
Oh hell, yes, I mean me.
Do me, Lou.
Oh, of course, my lovely.
For that is what I do.
I service the lovely ladies.
Oh, Christ, we're back to him again.
Oh, somebody please kill me.
It's a big, juicy, sapping, like a show business tonight,
on the inside of a hive.
10.33, yeah, I don't get out of here.
We're here to oblige.
142 votes on there.
And the audience thought I'd agree with that sentence, ridiculous.
That's why I put it on there.
Costa Show, you man.
This judge.
What the hell was the judge?
Roy Moore.
The judge was somebody.
What the hell is that?
I knew it was in here.
Jack Cook, Palm Beach Circuit Judge, Jack Cook,
fell only one reason to give Dwayne a lighter sentence that she was,
the guidelines called for a sentence of eight to 16 and a half years in prison.
Guads.
Eight to 16 and a half years.
But he said the psychologist testified she's ever
from a dependent person out of disorder and wanted to be liked by the neighborhood teens.
Well, what better way to be liked by the neighborhood teens?
I give a bunch of bozons, screw at least one of them.
That she was really popular, right?
He liked it.
Anyway, this fact, he just sent me from Felipe, allegedly in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Do you believe that?
No.
No.
Because the handwriting looks too familiar.
But it says, do you think anything will happen now that they found out that
Halliburton is overcharging the Pentagon on a no big contract in Iraq?
Yes, Dick Cheney is going to go out this weekend, spend the whole weekend killing peasants again.
Right.
And if anybody asks about it, he'll give them the bird.
How many times have got that story?
It's coming.
Just relax.
Okay, everybody just calm down.
A little bit too pushy.
Okay, I got a big pile of stuff, including this,
the brand new and choir that December 23rd edition.
There's only the 12.
I was so excited when I saw the new choir on the shelf.
I just about peed my pants.
Then I saw it as Roger's candies, those almond brittles.
That was bad.
You see, nothing is perfect.
Speaking of nothing is perfect.
That's what your president would tell you.
Because three suicide bombers in a furniture truck blew themselves up at the gates of a U.S. Army base yesterday
killing one soldier in the wounding 14.
It was the third suicide attack on American troops in Iraq this week.
There was another soldier that drowned yesterday, which the story I had it.
But if you didn't look real quick, it wasn't important enough to put on the news, I guess.
That's how sad this is.
This is just like Vietnam all over again, not in terms of the numbers yet, but in terms of the way the media is dealing with like,
oh, well, that's not so important anymore.
Americans getting killed in Iraq.
Well, that's commonplace.
It happens every day.
So let's have some more flu stories on there to keep the public in a state of panic and psychosis.
Oh, my God.
Right.
Oh, my gosh.
There's this flu going around and people are lined up 50 yards deep for that flu shot.
And a few kids that they put the statistics on here.
There's thousands of people die from the flu every year.
Is this something new?
No.
Is it revolutionary?
No.
Is it the end of the world?
No.
Is election kind of a terrorist plot conspiracy?
No.
Well, let's just keep them occupied and peen in their pants.
And let's not talk anymore about dead soldiers because it's not good for the Bushmeister's reelection.
Pentagon auditors found that Vice President Dick Cheney's former company may have overcharged the army by as much as $61 million for gasoline in Iraq,
seem to defense officials say yesterday.
Haliburton apparently didn't profit from the possible overcharges the official said,
speaking on condition of enemy, of course, the problem the official said was that Haliburton may have paid a subcontractor too much for the gas in the first place.
Right.
The Pentagon official said the Haliburton subsidiary involved in Iraq construction were Kellogg Brown and Ruth.
Also submitted a proposal for cafeteria services that was $67 million to high.
The official said the Pentagon rejected the proposal.
The defense officials said they had no reason to believe problems for anything other than stupid mistakes by Haliburton.
Well, that sounds like all of them already give a bunch of no big contracts.
They make stupid mistakes with your tax dollars.
In the meantime, we're saying,
hey, guess what? All your countries that didn't join in with us, Germany and France and Canada and everybody else,
all of Canada, and we're saying, oh, we still like you, but maybe we'll give you like a little bone.
But we do want you to forgive all those loans to the Iraqis, you know, and help us out.
But in the meantime, we're going to stick our foot way up your ass, but help us out, because that's always a little bit cost us more money.
They're trying to bail their ass out. They're trying to extricate ourselves from this quagmire.
I'm going to read that article later by David Korn when I was starting to read you about the Hordits,
about the stir in the Hornets and that's because you used that term before.
It's an old concrete phrase.
David Korn, Washington, enter the nation. I'm going to read that later on.
I got a lot of reading to do. They're in between the very important calls, of course.
A lot of important calls. Here's the second poll. We're going to be starting at 11 o'clock, not new in Eric, 11 o'clock.
Because this one, I just wanted to see the lay of the land. We got the message.
Got it. Second poll today. Which showbiz figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass?
We've never asked it quite that way, have we?
No, I like that.
What showbiz figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass?
I got a short list here, Liz Taylor, Michael Jackson, the cool kidman, Ben Affleck and Robert Downey Jr.
Can't put that up like I was trying to say hello.
Yeah, well, I will get them all on just relax because I asked.
Don't be pushy.
Here on the inquiry again, a brand new one.
Nicole's engagement disaster, the cheating scandal and why fiance's friends, Haydor.
Man, Haydor is an understatement. She just makes me gag.
She got any talent?
No.
Not really. She's okay.
I'm not going to, you know, she's not okay, actress once in a row, right?
Generic.
Yeah, it's very generic.
Oh, I was trying to watch sexy beast last night. Did you ever see it?
No.
I just, another slow starter.
I just couldn't get into it.
And then I kept flipping back over to the hockey game.
And I just, I'll watch it another time.
I'll wait for your review.
It looks like it's got possibilities, but I don't know.
I just, little bizarre, little too strange for a normal guy like me.
I can't get past that title, you see.
I've got the worst news in the history of mankind.
This is even, in fact, the story by Reverend Shuler, I take it back.
This is the story of the day.
You strap yourself in.
All right, it's strapped on.
Consumer advocate Ralph Nader said yesterday he's leaning toward another independent run for the presidency
and will make his decision public in January.
Was I right?
Yeah, that's bad.
Really bad.
We're testing the waters, Nader said, and an interview would see it, and it's a high probability,
but that's yet to be determined.
You miserable, egotistical, arrogant son of a bitch.
That's what I have to say to you Ralph Nader, and anybody it would vote for him.
Didn't we learn our lesson the first time?
No, we did.
He didn't.
Nader has formed an exploratory committee for a 2000 for one city would gauge his support through the success of fundraising efforts,
and the number of volunteers who come forward.
I think it'll be a lot.
About third man.
The consumer advocate last made a bid for the while when we know that, he won about 3% of the popular vote.
In fact, some Democrats blamed Nader 69 for siphoning off votes that might have gone to Democratic candidate Al Gore,
especially in Florida, where Nader took 97,000 votes.
97,000 votes, those crooks say they won by 527 votes.
He had 97,000 votes.
Clearly, the overwhelming majority which would have wanted to go on to Gore.
Meanwhile, you know what his response is to that?
Gore beat Gore, Nader says.
He didn't get to see his home state.
That would have made him present.
He blooded in Florida.
I didn't ask for state-wide recount.
Right, it was Gore's fault.
Not the Supreme Court.
Not James Baker the Turard.
No.
Not those, Jeff.
Phony agitators they shipped in from outside pounding on the courthouse door and did counting.
Let us in!
Let us in!
Or wasn't that?
It was Al Gore's fault.
And Lieberman.
I didn't mention that.
That would be a bad thing.
Right.
I would say the Democratic vote is the following.
If you think that a third party candidate is going to take votes away and cost the Democrats the election,
you've got the power entirely within your own franchise when you go to the voting and vote for the Democrats.
And you know what I would say?
What would you say?
All right.
That's exactly what I'm going to do.
My life and love.
This is the first time you've been to anti-tright.
What are you A.M.?
To for afternoon.
Sport radio 560.
QA.M.?
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Have in-apped election officials left you confused.
Here is your guide to understanding how to cast your vote in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Follow along with me to see just how you're going to do it.
How easy it can be.
Let's get started.
Shall we?
Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmelsd.
Who are you voting for?
I'll leave him in.
Joy-C.
Now, read the butterfly ballot.
Starting with Bush, Caini and the left column.
You can and Chikol Gruwer, Bangala, Ikemen and Gerbels in the right.
Where's I'll leave him in?
Over there.
Disgubles guy.
Yes.
Is this guy who makes my baby food?
No.
Now simply punch a hole in the 1959 Univac Key Punch Guide.
I can't wait.
Over there.
Here.
Use this microscope.
Oh, there.
Is that it?
No.
Okay, I'll punch again.
Is this...
Oh, no.
That invalidates your vote.
All right, yeah.
I'll punch again.
And I'll punch you.
Do that again.
I'll punch you.
I'll also put magic.
Why do you...
All right.
Not a ring old hebe.
Remember comrades, if you want to live in Florida, exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother.
1045 at 560.
Anyway, while a little footnote on that, Nader Stewart says Nader was in Princeton yesterday for a strategy session with green party activists to consider the pros and cons of another race.
He said his decision will be two-full whether to run for the presidency at all and whether to run again on a green party ticket.
Meanwhile, the party is divided on another Nader candidacy.
That's a good news.
Green party member Larry Barnett, former mayor of Sonoma, California, now a member of its city council said the party's priority should be defeating George W. Bush.
Absolutely correct.
Any diversion from that even rooted in principle interferes with that goal.
He said explaining why he's against another Nader run.
I would urge him to throw his weight behind.
Whom ever the Democratic Party puts up, Barnett said.
You go, boy.
See, Senator Costa-Shoyah.
That some people will have learned their lesson.
Let's all urge him.
Let's be seated.
Let's see. Matt says, well, the Democrats allow heterosexual men to marry each other so they can not have children, girls, for instance.
Hmm.
Oh.
Oh.
Woo!
Kiana Reeves is my picks as Bill from Tampa for our second poll.
Good choice.
Kiana Reeves is a real pain in everybody's ass.
In fact, that's what we hear.
Welcome.
It says he is the worst piece of term they ever put on film.
He does to me what, uh, what, uh, what, uh, what it maltent all does for you.
Well, that's, oh, geez.
Don't be watching all of his movies.
And you'll be shmitten for hours, Bill and Tampa.
Thanks Bill.
You can put a TV in the bathroom.
Here's the, uh, yeah, I should have one in there.
195 votes on a poll on our first poll.
What's your take on the Lake Worth woman who got four years in prison for serving booze to minors
and having sex with a 13 year old boy.
Like I said, 201 votes.
If she got four years, Michael Jackson should get 40.
58 said that.
I don't think that's your main to the case, but it's cute.
She should only be on probation 46.
Four years is way too much 29.
I agree with a sentence 27.
I'm not permitted with a story 27.
She should have gotten more only 14.
So Judge Cook, uh, well, you see, I guess, uh, you know, he figured he was being lenient.
The sentencing guidelines eight and a half, eight to 16 and a half years.
Jesus Christ.
Well, we better do some important phone calls here because once I get into this stuff here from the inquire,
Amanda is going to be no stop.
And he wants to get up some big mo, some momentum.
Absolutely.
There'll be no holding me back.
WQA in line one is working.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm great.
You know, the reach of you on another poll, you know, like queer guy who sent you the straight guy.
Right.
But is Rosie to be for your poll?
In a row.
We'll try to squeeze her in.
Is this Rosie O'Donnell?
Yes.
When she got that hair due like off the one side, every time I think about that, I, um, I would.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
And happy holidays to you.
Come on, you're good close personal friends.
Rosie, that goes without saying.
I will have a lot of names on that list.
That'll be good because that'll be the one that's up for the whole weekend.
And it's very negative.
It's very hostile, which we like.
Even though it's the holidays, we're supposed to be really feeling, but South Florida doesn't pay attention to that.
Yeah.
Why should we do that?
We'd like to at least be consistent.
BAM!
Like that.
That's right.
Take that, Gary Beppin.
BAM!
We hate you.
Screwed you.
Right.
Which over his figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass.
This poll will be up there right at 11 o'clock when the little hand hits the big hand Eric's gonna change it.
You'll see.
So if you want to vote on the other one, you better do it real fast.
Post-haste.
Liz Taylor, Michael Jackson, Nicole Kidman, Ben Affleck, Robert Downey Jr., J. Low,
Kano Reeves, and Rosie O'Donnell.
That's a really impressive list so far.
How about Deon?
Who?
Deon Sanders.
Oh, yeah.
Deon Deon.
Leave it to Josh.
You can come up with a Jack figure.
Deon Sanders.
Yeah.
In fact, like I said, I'm after vote for him.
I'd rather see Liz Taylor 24 or 7 than ever see Deon Sanders again.
Oh, and what did you see this?
Is the story on tonight or was it on what the hell was it going to be?
I think it was going to be on tonight.
What?
About Pimp Juice.
Do you see that?
No, Pimp Juice.
Pimp Juice.
It's a new ethnic like a drink.
You squinted up the...
The story.
I think it was on CBS News about marketing, marketing, ethnic hip hop, all this crap.
Probably see.
Yeah.
Pimp Juice.
And Deon ought to be the spokesman.
He ought to dress up one and pimp out that he wears on the NFL today.
And he ought to like drive up his yellow civilian on the set.
Man.
He knows it perfectly.
He's since race relations back 100 years.
Neon Deon.
He just makes me gag.
I'd rather see Terry Bradshaw and all those other morons in there.
I'd rather die than see them again.
You know, grab any of these others ass and try to be funny.
You just be in the usual morons.
They are slapping each other on the butt.
I'd rather see that for 56 straight days that I've never seen Neon Deon stupid push on her again.
Without damn pimp out for these guys.
Anyway.
So like I said, I've been voting for Deon.
You are humongous list on there, won't there?
They're phenomenal.
Don't forget the best of the deals and Joe and Mark Twidrive.
You'll have all the merchandise out there with Joe and Mark at Singular Wireless,
1920 South University Drive and Davey Neon to do the...
Let's see if those guys can push up a little bit.
Every time we do a poll about what shows you like they do very well, right?
Which means I've got a few listeners in our crowd.
So if that be in the case, go out there and see them.
Go out there and see them.
You won't be too happy with what you see, but go out there and see them anyway.
And bring some cash and let's get over to you.
What are we looking for? What's our next hurdle?
Well, 40.
46.5, I'd be happy with you, I'ma say.
All right.
I'm not assuming we get over 47 grand today.
But whatever we get will get.
Now how did you do, Josh? You get anything?
No, I got nothing.
Josh got nothing.
That's pretty...
And what about yesterday between 46?
How about the lovely Miguel? What did he get?
He didn't tell me anything.
Oh, well you guys are really doing it.
Lacey was smothered.
Front page story on the inquire.
I've avoided talking about this and I promise you I'll never talk about it again.
Until...
Tragic mom to be Lacey Peterson died while she slept in her bed.
Smothered to death with a pillow held over her face by her husband Scott.
Then after driving to a warehouse where he'd hidden his boat he removed Lacey's pajamas
and redress her in tan maternity pants he'd been wearing earlier in the evening.
Finally, the 31-year-old fertilizer salesman...
Pulled tight a drawstring at the waist of the pants and strapped her thighs together with duct tape.
Oh, they tried to do that to scrant all the time.
And in a parent effort to ensure that Lacey's baby would not be born before he dumped her body in San Francisco Bay.
That's the shocking never-before-disslow scenario of Lacey's death presented by detectives to prosecutors
and revealed for her the very first time exclusively by this week's inquire.
This sensational information obtained from insiders close to the case will be used by prosecutors
to try to answer the question mark has been asking for a year how did Lacey die?
Have anybody been asking that for a year?
At least.
What's more, the inquire has learned that police have seized chilling physical evidence from Peterson's bedroom
supporting their contention the cold blooded killer smothered Lacey after she'd gone to bed.
Detectives also discovered a telltale pillowcase was missing from the couple's bedding,
possibly disposed of by the killer after becoming stained in the struggle according to a source post to the case.
Investigators became so sure of their horrifying murder scenario that weeks before Lacey's body was discovered,
this past April they informed her family that all the evidence pointed her being killed in her sleep revealed the source.
Police believed that when Scott Lacey got home December 23rd they had a fight.
It was physical enough for Scott to suffer cuts and Lacey to throw up the source post told the inquire.
As reported exclusively to the last March traces of vomit and specks of blood matching Lacey's were found in a kitchen mop.
evidence that the couple had a physical fight in that Scott had mopped up the floor clean.
After the confrontation police believed Lacey got on the rest went to bed,
not knowing that minutes later her young life would be cruelly snuffed out to the close source.
Imagine that beautiful young woman eight months pregnant terribly upset by the fight yet,
finally it rushed to sleep in properly dreaming of the baby boy she'd soon hold in her arms.
Then suddenly she's awake and fighting a losing battle for her life.
The sea ravaged body of Lacey and her unborn son Connor,
washed up in San Francisco Bay nearly four months after the pretty 27-year-old vanish from her home in Modesto, California.
Christmas Eve 2002.
But the killer was unable to cover all his tracks reveal the close source when police got a search warrant for Scott
and Lacey's house on February 18.
They took away a lot of things from the master bedroom, including a white comforter blanket fitted bottom sheet and top sheet,
even ruffles and macros cover.
Detectives made a startling discovery of blood stain that proved to be from Scott on the comforter on top of the bed,
disclosed the close source.
And in a strange twist,
a pillowcase was missing from one of the pillows in the master bedroom according to the close source.
Investigators theorized that Scott got rid of it because it became stained or damaged as he held the pillow over Lacey's face.
The detectives also found Scott's blood on a doorframe in the house and in his truck corner of the source,
incredibly only hours after his wife's disappearance, along before it was declared a homicide,
Scott seemed to go to great pains to establish an alibi for the spilled blood the inquiries learned.
As police searched the house for clues on Christmas Eve,
the flandering husband struck up a conversation with Lacey's mother,
with her mother's best friend, Sandy Rickard,
and made a bizarre statement according to the close source,
Sandy told police that out of the blue Scott said to her,
if they find blood anywhere, that doesn't mean a thing.
I always say that to people.
Then he added something about getting cut off,
cut off, and because he was an outdoorsman,
and said I could drop blood anywhere.
I said, I was like, oh gee, all over again!
Yeah!
He just bleeds all the time.
He's an outdoorsman.
Right.
I bet she drank water from a creek, too.
Sure, me, too.
So if you find blood anywhere, it's an...
I ain't no thing.
Sandy thought it was very strange that Scott would even be bringing up the subject
at a moment when everybody else was thinking of nothing else but finding Lacey.
The dead woman's 22-year-old sister, Amy Rocha,
also helped detectives tighten the web around Scott
during investigators' additional search for the house February 18.
The pretty young hairdresser, Uchhada Wood Lacey,
while she cut her brother-in-law's scots here on December 23,
was brought in to see if she spotted anything unusual.
An address in the master bedroom, Amy found a black maternity blast,
like the one Lacey had worn to the salon where she cut Scott's hair.
Oddly, it was inside out as if somebody had pulled it off a Lacey.
And it was scrunched up in a ball on top of other things and Lacey's underwear
during a reveal of the source.
Amy told detectives that Lacey would never put a dirty blast on top of her underwear.
Then one of them found a grocery bag in a bedroom closet
that contained blue pajamas that obviously had been worn.
He was pretty smart, wasn't he?
No.
The police officers who originally searched the...
And you know what, I'm thinking I'm not going to be the rest of it.
It's in this week's Inquired December 23rd.
Mark Garagos, I'm just thinking this.
I could be wrong.
Maybe it's wishful thinking on my part, but I have a feeling he's going to be...
Oh! For two!
I've got the local business. He's five-sixties.
The radio's on yours.
I'm a Q&A!
Friday, you bastard!
How are you?
I got to see you.
I don't know.
You're looking fine.
I'll tell you what.
You may see a major option, monomonees for presents.
So, fair, ring, quiet, ring, I work together and teach.
The Velocrests know I make my wife ill, I'm ring.
I want her big butt out of the campaign trail, so I can stay.
And hope and chase college tail, judging from what I've seen.
The choices are obscene.
It's either why me labor matter.
How are you being?
Can I call the rest?
Can't get elected slap a butt in the hell's chest.
Please get the wits to run, so I can have some fun.
Wow!
Me and Chaffa Quon, and Heron Washington.
I'll hold up, and T-shirt contested my heart.
And all that long, I'll walk R-R-F-Zabbey Heart.
It'd be a dream come true.
It'd be a major coup.
It pulls like wheelie, where to pull the switch out, Roo!
Have a heart, Ew, I got some bag of the pleads, but big mouth is bow.
Why, how's like you?
You're welcome.
It's 11 o'clock at 5'60, W-Q-M, happy Friday to you.
Happy holidays, happy generic, whatever you're celebrating.
Here's a fact that says I have another suggestion for your pull.
No crime, no time.
Says I look next door to one of those when I was a kid.
No booze, but lots of coups.
And good for use.
Right?
243 votes sets the final telly on pull number one.
Let's get it off of there right away immediately.
What's your take on the Lake Worth woman who got four years in prison for serving booze
to minors and having sex with a 13 year old boy?
243 votes.
If she got four years, Michael Jackson should get 40.
Absolutely.
70 people said that.
She should only be on probation 57.
I agree with the sentence 35.
Four years is way too much 33.
I'm not familiar with a story 31 and she should have gotten more 17 hard-hearted bastards.
Who do you always holidays just wish to put everybody?
Put them all in jail, man.
They're just jealous.
Is that what it is?
I think.
Hey, listen, we got here's the lineup today.
We got Mad Dog at two, the Humber at four, including the Dave Wants that show at five.
That should be a hoot.
You got Panther preview at seven.
The Canadians at the Panthers at the Mac or way to 730 tonight and wait till you hear this.
Okay.
I can't wait until he came for the hockey game.
He has been read overnight.
Fox Sports net Florida is giving away a double bobble head.
It's a two-headed monster.
A Panthers announces Jeff Rimmer and Denise Pothay into the first 5,000 kids out of the age of 14 at the night's Canadians Panthers game.
You ready for that? Aren't you going to go just to get one?
I want one, but I don't want to go to get one.
I want one for free delivered to me right here.
One for free?
If it's free, it's me.
If you poke it on one side, it says, if it's free, it's me.
And if you poke it on the other side, it says,
I throw really, really, really, f***ing right.
So it's a remain and Denise.
Oh, I'm going to poke it.
They've been the teams.
Only TV announces in the franchise is 11-year history.
So says Jim Sardin is very, very bland and useless column this morning, the sunset.
Nothing juicy. Nothing exciting.
Zippo.
And very jackass didn't even write a radio TV column this morning.
That's how desperate and boring it must be in South Florida after that dolphin that precipitous loss that grotesque embarrassment in the winged in the snow and the frigida tundra.
Now comes the heavy duty stuff after we take a call or two.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Let's see. I'm voting right now.
Which over this figure gives you the biggest panneas?
How come he's not on there, Deon Sanders?
I don't know, or JLo.
Or somebody f***ed up.
Can't or Reeves ain't on there.
It's just the original five.
Well, I guess you're trying to put a little bit too much pressure on Eric now.
I don't want to say that.
So like I said, I can't vote right away.
I'm not wasting my vote.
I'm voting for Neon, Deon, baby.
He gets my vote.
If I could vote 100 times, I'd do it.
Liz Taylor, Michael Jackson, Nicole Kiddin, Ben Affleck, Robert Downey, Jr.
Those are the ones that are on there.
Plus we've got Keanu Reeves, Rosie O'Donnell, JLo, and Deon Sanders.
Deon Deon.
Boy, he just...
Oh, I can't even...
Where the hell's that song we got?
Well, I'll wrap.
I love your head.
I love the other one.
What?
Well, I'll wrap it up.
Must be the money.
Must be the money.
Yeah, the other one's better.
What was on his head?
Sitting at home, I can make out for a game when I spotted this sucker who was really lame.
Getting knowledge cash, which he ain't deserving.
It's the stepping-set of food.
Michael Irving, him and his buddy Deon, Nick Eick, Ziggas, for acting like I've had stereotypical...
Mood.
The media always actin' why he could do so much.
So he says, oh man, you can kiss my breath.
Let them kiss my rolling kiss.
That is so is my jock.
And like Brian said, you can touch my...
Alright, one of my favorites.
I haven't played that in the Coons age.
Anyway, I'm going to take call or two, but this week's latest.
Now, there's really not all that much new in here, but there's some new stuff, some new meat.
And then of course we got that really juice of the Jesus juice.
I think in that...
The whole market of the...
Yeah, the whole market of the...
The whole market of the...
The name Christcracker and it can go with the Jesus juice.
Right.
And when Big Print right on the can, they'll say...
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, right to your mom with my whole bunch of that.
WDQA Online One is working.
Hello.
We've got a shot.
WDQA, hello.
Not there, damn. WDQA, am...
Yes. Whitney, I wish you would go away Houston.
Good one.
Maybe if Bobby has his way, maybe can make that happen.
Thank you, sir. Whitney Freakin' Houston.
Good choice.
This is going to be a long list, you know what?
Good.
Do we have the other one?
I don't need a whole bunch more on it.
I just need Dion on it so I can vote God damn it.
Is he on there?
Freakin' Dion Sanders?
There he is.
He got my vote right now.
I was definitely going to vote for Liz Taylor.
One thing I cannot...
I really do mean this.
I can't stand faggags.
I can't stand him.
But they let you...
They make me sick.
But they make me want to throw up.
They want you.
Ah, ah, ah, ah!
Ah!
She just makes me gag.
Liz Taylor.
Just getting fatter and grosser and sloppier and nastier and drunker.
Oh, brother.
And you know what's how she was kind of waffling right after the arrest there?
Like she had no comment.
Then over the weekend, they must have gotten to her.
Who did that guy just say?
There she...
What?
Who did that guy just say?
Whitney Houston.
Oh.
You better get...
Whitney Houston has just got another good beating from Bobby Brown.
All right.
You have the day.
She had it coming.
Right.
Bitch.
Anyway, I'm not going to start.
Well, I'll take your couple.
WQA, I'm Hello.
I'm Coffey.
I'm Coffey.
Yes sir, speaking.
I'm Coffey. How are you sir?
Great. How are you doing?
Very good sir.
What's the...
What's the poll this morning?
I just tuned in.
Whitney?
You just tuned in and you're calling already but you don't know.
Maybe you'll have one.
Which show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass?
Whitney and...
It's a big tie.
Whitney and...
And Elizabeth Taylor.
You're absolutely correct sir.
Okay. Thank you.
We're already on there.
Now he meant well.
He just...
He had a desire to reach out and touch me, you know what I mean?
Like...
Like I said.
He had no idea what we're doing.
That's the second poll.
That's the one for the rest of the day in the weekend.
And it's going to have like a Zillion Aims on it.
But first...
Victim held hostage at Neverland.
Oi!
I'm not going to read that part of it first.
There's like a three-part story.
Okay.
Singer bought past ports for victims' families, say, sources.
The inquire will reveal last week that according to sources,
Michael Jackson offered his alleged molestation victim
and his family a one-way trip to South America to get them out of the way.
Now sources say that Jackson went so far as to get them all past ports.
Jackson made the offer back in March just after the Martin Vichier TV documentary aired.
And the scandal was mushrooming over Michael's boy and his bedroom revelations
that said a source posted the family.
Do you think it's your aim to the case?
No.
Michael offered the boy and his family and all expenses paid trip to South America.
Brazil and Argentina were mentioned.
But according to the boy's family, it was a one-way ticket.
Michael let them know.
The message was clear.
Don't come back.
Michael offered to pay their air affairs accommodations on medical bills.
He promised to support them for the rest of their lives.
Your love it down there, he told them.
The family feels he wanted them out of the way to shut them up.
He got them all past ports.
It was done fast.
And he handed them over to the mother.
The boy, his older sister and younger brother, they still have them.
An insider disclosed police officials believed Jackson hired Beverly Hills private investigator Brad Miller
to help to get the family of past ports.
The day that 70 officers served a search warrant at Jackson's Neverland residence,
another warrant was being served at Miller's Beverly Hills office.
Investigators seized videos, papers, and computer hard drives.
They were also looking for information regarding the family's past ports.
And...
Jack O'Scheme was stopped boy and family from seeing his creepy TV show of say sources.
I love the way the inquiry inquires say sources like in little tiny print.
Yeah.
Michael Jackson hid the Martin Bisher documentary from his life's molestation victim and his family
by whisking them off on a private jet and making sure they were nowhere near a TV on the day at air its sources say.
And what sources believe was an attempt to keep the then 13-year-old boy in his family in the dark about the disturbing on-screen interplay between Jackson and the youngster.
The singer sent him on a Florida vacation. Florida got it. Got it.
The day before the BBC show aired on ABC's 2020 late last February.
In the documentary, the boy is shown holding hands with Jackson resting his head on the star's shoulder.
And Jackson confirms that both the victim and his younger brother and eyewitness to the alleged molestation slept in his bedroom.
I think Michael felt the family would be distressed to the point of seeking legal action so he devised his own blackouts at a source close to the investigation.
The day before the show aired, Michael threw the family down to Mimean as private jet and put them up in a four star hotel but cops believed he made sure his security team kept them away from TV and newspapers.
And to keep the victim as preoccupied as possible, Michael had one of the boy's favorite actors accompanying him.
In the rapid-day with the victim and his family pulled police that rush hour co-star Chris Tucker and his wife joined the boy and his family on the flight.
Oh, Chris.
Police believed Jackson's people as Tucker were company then to Mimean to put their minds at ease.
The boy actually first met Tucker back in 2000 while he was receiving chemotherapy and they were introduced by that comedy club owner, Jamie Masada, who runs a comedy camp for Under Pervilance Kids.
Boy, he sure screwed this so, oldie.
Masada told the inquire, the boy was in a hospital in too much pain even to eat.
I told him he's got to eat to live. What can I do for you in a whole world to make you eat?
And the boy said, I'd like to see Chris Tucker in my room and I'd like to meet Adam Sandler and I'd like to go to Neverland to meet Michael Jackson.
What, no, pony?
Masada managed to make all three dreams come true for the boy who's still in recovery from cancer but reportedly needs a new kidney.
Added Masada, perhaps the only good thing to come out of this whole sorry message that a boy who was once given 14 days to live is still alive.
And that's not even the meat of the story yet. We'll get to that.
Really?
I mean, yeah, there's not a whole lot of new stuff in there like I said, victim held hostage in Neverland.
We had that last week's story, but for anybody who missed it plus a little bit more, can never like stick it in there and twisted too much in the case of this son of a bitch pedophile piece of crap freak.
Which of his figure gives you the biggest pain in the arse, okay?
We got some votes on there already and I'm sure they're waiting for their favorite before they vote 57 votes.
Look at that.
The on Sanders 12. Oh man, there is a God.
Michael Jackson 12, Rosio Donald 12, J. L.O. 8, Ben Affleck 5, Lestayler 3, Nicole Kidman, a peer Robert Downey Jr.
Got a small peer.
Kiana Reeves got one who don't have any peer. Whitney Houston Nancy Grace don't have an enemy even realize Nancy Grace was on there.
We grab the facts.
Excellent choice. Out freaking standing. Why haven't one?
The facts. I just said it to you. I just grabbed it right now.
She's no movie star. Well, no, we're not asking for movie stars show this figure. She's certainly a show business figure.
Yeah, she'll know.
She's no movie star. Only a disgusting obnoxious bitch. Nancy Grace doesn't that bitch ever go home.
No, Captain Richie never goes home. She's always on the set. She's always like screw in. She's always setting on it.
We're sports radio 5c. U.A.M.
I've exploding balls.
It's cos Ben. I'm shutting down my music bar.
I'm in my bedroom. I'm gonna go to some lights even down.
You try to scream. Thoughts are gonna look at me and you'll understand.
You owe me this. As my turn to go to your never land. Your final lies.
I'm on my list now.
And you know what to say. The younger they are the better.
I'm on my list now.
I feel million makes it right. I'm on my list now. I'll give you two.
11.13 and Josh in case you wonder how come I'm not in sync on his log.
George faxed me to log this morning. I usually does and I forgot about it. He faxes me backward all the time.
He doesn't have to keep me off balance. So the spot that I didn't do in the last break.
I'll do the next one in the 10 o'clock hour will be the one o'clock hour as far as my spots got it.
Who's that? I mean who now cares. Anybody keeping track?
Oh, just pay us the money. Okay. All you sponsors out there. Just send us the money.
A QM that's our motto. And if your spot don't get on too bad, we still want the money.
Anyway, getting back to Michael. See you through me off a little bit. I'll never recover from that. That was intentional.
Tee. Because George won't be there next week. He'll be on vacation. He figures by the time he comes back. I'll forget.
But guess what? By the time he comes back, I'll be gone.
Here's one. Oh, this is good. Although I do like that movie. A beautiful mind. But this is. Oh, he's a good actor. Just a good actor.
But he's a major asshole. Russell Crowe. The Crowman.
Marty and Miami says Russell Crowe is an ass. I went up to him one time and cook on a grow maybe six months ago.
Ask for his autograph. He said I'm busy and.
And that doesn't go hand in hand, mate or something like that. I'm not the reason why he wrote.
I stood there and awes. He walked away with the parent bodyguard laughing and cracking jokes.
He said you're a schwarzer is what he said. I'm not reading the end word.
I guess you don't like it, Marty. Let's get Russell Crowe on there right away.
Rosie O'Donnell has moved away into the lead. How do you like that with 19? She's. She's tippy-toed into lead. Can you see her tippy-toed? Oh, no.
She's got 19. That's like asking. Can you see an adult elephant tippy-toed through the China shop? I don't think so.
Michael Jackson 18, Deon Sanders 16, J-Low-12. Everybody else in the single digits. Although Nancy Grace has got five. She'll move up there.
Good. Bitch. God. She just I just see her and I get angry. I don't sound like an angry old man. But you know what?
Sometimes when I see certain people, I feel like an angry old man. Anyway.
Victim held hostage at Neverland. Michael Jackson held his Les Malastation victim in his family hostage at his Neverland Ranch exclamation point.
A 50 plus page after David to be unsealed at Jackson's January 9th arraignment claims that the cancerous trick and boy and his worried mother weren't allowed to leave Neverland. Never.
And the hostage situation culminated in the mom's dramatic late night plea to a sympathetic Jackson employee. We need to get out of here followed by an escape.
The mother's insisted to officials that she and her children were held hostage for several days in Neverland sometime after February's airing of Martin Bichier's documentary in which Jackson and the victim spoke about sharing the singer's bedroom according to a source post of the case.
The family maintains they were held against their will. It was an odd situation to begin with. The mother staying at another house on the property and the victim and his brother sleeping in Michael's bedroom.
When the mother grew suspicious of Michael's clandestine activities with her older son, tensions came to a flashpoint.
The affidavit states that the mother was especially distressed when she was told Michael had been serving wine in a soda can to her gravely ill son.
In the affidavit the boy says Michael called the drink Jesus juice said the close source.
Yeah, maybe they misunderstood maybe the mother said Jesus are you on that juice again?
Jesus Christ. Her mother claims in the affidavit the family wasn't allowed to leave the property without an escort and they were followed closely by Neverland employees throughout the day while on the property.
It's apparent that she believed there was a hostage situation and it got to the point where reached the crisis level and insider disclosed after the mother was told by her son that Michael by giving him wine to drink. She blew her stack.
She had angry words with Michael. Ultimately she decided the family needed to leave but the mother told investigators Michael wouldn't let her leave.
He told her in the children you cannot leave here. He may have been afraid they might say damaging things about him. According to the mother they were prisoners on Jackson's vast estate, exclamation point.
Doors were locked and security was warned not to let them go.
Finally, after 11 o'clock one night the panic mother approached the Neverland house manager and said we need to get out of here the close source reveals.
The house manager agreed to help the mother and her children drop the 2700 acre range. The manager said he needed to speak to some of the security detail.
First he returned a few minutes later and instructed the mother to get her children. They were long together quickly. As soon as this was done the manager loaded the family into a vehicle and drove them a hundred miles to their home in LA himself.
From the mother's claims in the affidavit you get the impression with them into a prison break. Since the incident the house manager who helped the family flee the ranch has parted ways with Michael Jackson and Neverland chief.
He's also been interviewed by investigators and he's cooperating with them. If they could have massed enough evidence it's possible police officials could charge Jackson and other members of his organization with legal detention.
Another insider associated with the investigation told the inquirer as part of the child molestation case against Jackson they sent a barbed wire district attorney will show they waged an elaborate campaign behind the scenes against the alleged victim in his family.
They believe evidence will show that Jackson knew he was guilty and took action showing that guilt. He didn't even have to conduct investigation like Arnold of himself.
They believe he literally kept the family hostage in Neverland this will come back to the owner of the insider added it's really sad the boy in his family went in with love and came out with fury.
Now here's even though this is the last paragraph of this story it wasn't until about three and a half months ago that the boy was interviewed by police and told him his whole story.
And some of those talking heads on there a couple of nights ago were trying to say well you know the LAPD was involved in that first investigation in February with the children's whatever that children's agency in California was.
They were not come to find out they just made that up. So there you go there's the latest on Michael Michael motorcycle.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 teen Verizon Marvel's line which showbiz figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass.
We also got the latest on your friend rush the pill pop in one my buddy your close personal pies on WQ I am.
Hi Neil how are you I'm doing good.
Well my my my little two cents here is for someone who I used to love and adore but he was since become such a relid well he's always been a religious nut but now gets in is got to be the biggest pain in the ass.
Yeah this whole Jesus movie that he did I mean that's that's enough that's taken it just a little too far I think and you'll be just made to know in fact I have this story here somewhere way down in my pile which I was hoping not to get to it.
The Vatican that there are three three different groups in the side of Vatican who saw the movie and they just loved it of course they did it was about their you know their whole inch a lot of their right let me tell you something about this Nancy Grace tell me something about that bitch.
I was watching during the death Friedman trial because I happen to be friends with that and I knew of course if for innocent I knew the whole story when I was watching her and she was so smug and so.
You know demeaning she when I'm hoping him out we're bet with supposedly in the hot tub with the boy at night one o'clock in the morning.
Nancy Grace in that bitchy Southern draw said and I quote I bet it wasn't the unless and she was giving him in that hot.
I'm not telling you.
Thank you.
Hey man.
He deserves a kick in the air.
You can give that bitch two stars and a two snap in the circle from me.
Alright excellent nice job sweetheart.
I love you Neil.
See there will be a long line to kick that bitch in the ass I'll tell you that Nancy Grace.
Oh it is the Vatican digs passion not passions with an S.
Mel Gibson just got three thumbs up for his call by the way I sure it's going to go tumbling off the end of the thing today the one you'll see today.
Yeah just like that.
Mel Gibson just got three thumbs up for his controversial movie the passion of the Christ from a trendy of powerful groups in the Vatican.
His producer showed it to the secretariat of state the pontific council for social communications and a congregation for the doctrine of the faith last weekend.
It was a religious experience that says America's zenith dot org which covers the Pope asked one of the movie goers theologian priest Augustine denoya about reports that the flick is anti-Semitic.
Let me answer you plainly he said there's absolutely nothing anti-Semitic or anti-Jewish about Mel Gibson's film on Tuesday.
Any defamation league had Abraham Foxman told a Hollywood reporter I don't know if the Vatican is the best to judge and how it's going to impact the Jews.
Oh they don't master of understanding that he is Mel Gibson another religious freak man like she said when in doubt toss him out.
Asshole Michael Jackson 27 which old bitch figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass now you know how he went up on those reading that story.
Right 27 for Michael Rosio Donald 25 Dion Sanders he's in the hunt as they say he's got 20.
J. L. O. 14 Nancy Grace that disgusting obnoxious bitch seven then reflect five list Taylor five wouldn't use them for Robert Downey Jr. 3 the Colchidman 3 can't reach to none yet for Russell Crowe and I'm so delighted to see that you sneak that name in here while I wasn't even looking.
Right right right just in Tinkerbell man.
Floats like a butterfly and things like a queen B wish I could change my vote.
Now Bill says why no mention of John Cratchin today what what does that mean ever today he's done he's out he's finished Paul Martins a new new head Huncho what does that mean.
I was hoping you could explain what do you want Bill John Cratchin all say okay at least he was on the bush right in beginning he knew he was a moron.
Let's see it says Justin Tinkerbell sorry but Brittany makes me sick already.
What does this mean do I am I supposed to know what this means I don't know I just got the Justin from it okay let's see here's another one says oh yeah he's a big enough celebrity this is a good one I like it a lot Bill Maher M. A. H. E. R.
gives me a huge pain in the ass I can't stand his smug unfunny persona he fancies himself some kind of keen political satirist but everything I've ever heard come out of his mouth is a ignorant garbage a so-called libertarian devoted for native in 2000 and is the calls and culture a kindred spirit I can't stand him I might change my hope Bill Maher when you ride with the alone you ride with the son of brother yeah the grid of him.
And his close personal buddy with a suspenders that one to see Larry always helps to put obnoxious anxious people into the limelight first it was little Ross P. R. and then Bill Maher that's another one of his good buddies gravitates to its comebacks 27 past 11 at 560 W. M. Everybody near brothers on the low carb diet that's all he talk about now when they talk about fat people low carb diets because this is a rage all over the world the only problem you'll discover if you try low carb diet is that it gets really good.
Really monotonous and boring unless unless you make a visit to the lights of white spoke because there's a story that'll give you what you want for right something with some taste to it something different.
You said the same old boring stuff the lights has got over a thousand low carb products in this one great story they got breads and bagels muffins and cheesecakes brownies chocolates pasta sauces chips and dips soups ketchup that were flaming carbolite ice cream and lots more to like the slim carb fuggies for fudge brownies or chocolate raspberry cookies.
Carbs slim bites make a great snack no laksa of effect. Oh, I'm so delighted to hear that I'm delight. La Nuba jam seven gourmet flavors for you to jam on it. No one of the good things it delights is the people in the store know all about this stuff.
So if you have a sensitive stomach like some of the rest of us and don't want to spend like a third of the day a third of the day on the can still tell you which products are safe for you and there are a lot of them.
So then like chocolate chip cookies wall not brownies by control carbon lots more and don't forget a delights a west bokeh can try everything in a product every day before you buy it.
It's not a bad idea if you're a little worried about whether it's going to affect your system try one of the products in the store walk around for about a half an hour and then.
If you're not making a mad rush for the tea room you know it's safe delights also as the addkins products on sale all day every day they're open seven days a week from 10 to 10 and you find the lights on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market.
Call them to free 1 877 low carb LOWCARB on the web it's lowcarb.com the lights a west bokeh is your official atkins retail center.
This is cool 20.5.6.2 AM.
I've heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle east no trees no snow no Santa Claus they have different religious beliefs.
They believe in new homie and not in our holiday and so every December I go to the middle east and.
Hey there mister muzzle Mary fucking Christmas but down that book the core and I'm here some holiday wishes.
In case you haven't noticed is Jesus is partite so get off your heath and muzzle a massive fucking celebrate.
There is no holiday season in India I've heard they don't hang out their stockings and that is just absurd they never read a Christmas story they don't know it root off is a vow and that is why in December I'll go to India and.
Hi there mister Hindu is married in Christmas three cake long and eat some beef and pass it to the.
They case you haven't notice is Jesus is partite so get off your heath and Hindu and sell a bright.
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin they pray to several gods and put needles in their skin on December 20th.
All they do is eat a cake and that is why go to Japan and walk around and.
Hi you turd.
Hi there mister shintoess very fucking Christmas God is gonna kick your ass you into hell and take a scum.
In case you haven't noticed is best if they should do so let's all rejoice for Jesus Mary.
I'll be Christmas you.
On Christmas day I travel around the world and say now is Christmas bonus and all you aps to Larry.
In Christmas day yeah.
1134 26 till noon don't forget now it's less than a half an hour away from the biggest appearance of the century isn't it right so far.
Joe and Mark are going to be a singular wireless noon to two at nineteen twenty south university drive in Davy brings some toys by for the Joe and Mark toy drive and bring some cash and pick up our best in the LCD or that world famous Moa Howard David.
Keychain all the proceeds from our stuff go to a band and pay rescue noon to two today and now I want to give a big send off because hopefully to raise more than twenty bucks which they generally do they're usually good for about twenty.
Maybe they'll be good for a third man.
Jim who continues getting a little bit too verbose on his faxes now he's got like about forty words on here it's the usual two Jack Nicholson he says just annoys me now we'll put him on there just to humor you I don't think he's going to get many votes.
No no with that field no well why would he get in any field what's the knowing about him I do I will confess when I see him at the Laker games when I always have to show him there I just I don't know it just bugs me but I like Jack Nicholson a lot yeah but then also Jim says well I certainly like to have his exes or anybody on his anybody that he's banging am I jealous or what the answer Jim is very jealous now this fact you sent me this is a barn burner man yeah.
This goes on nearly forever and unfortunately for Russ and Iraqis and I hope he's listening on the internet right now the part about Bush is so sad it's just oh makes my hemorrhoids quiver he says on a recent trip to Fort Lauderdale your show is recommended to me by several acquaintances since I was a visitor to the area I live in Denver I took a chance and took the recommendations from the locals without reservations I don't know whether it's whether or not it's a good thing but it took just a few minutes of listening for me to get hooked.
Unfortunately I'm not able to listen to your show is often by the internet as I'd like to but I try to listen whenever possible hopefully you listen to the day Russ whenever I do listen to it's always a delayed recorded broadcast for me to the same day or the day before that's not right what does he mean by that I don't know it's not a delayed recorded broadcast Jim the recorded shows are enjoyable to listen to but I'm never afforded the chance to participate in any polls or voice my opinion on a current topic why would that be he must have a well
your views on most issues I strongly agree with however there are those issues which we don't agree on as a matter of fact we are at extreme
office at ends of the spectrum when it comes to Bush and the amazing part of this is he's talking about president Bush not what you might think
although he may indeed not be the brightest most qualified most experienced most popular even the best looking candidate to ever assume the role as president
you are missing the single most tangible asset of his being an office with Bush in office the candidate favorite of the people such as Hillary the rug looking lesbian Oprah the open or his
Toxua host Barbara the bit strives and and Jesse the racist Jackson is sitting it out I
Realize it's not much of a consolation prize
But stripping away some of the powers of these other more dangerous people seems like a pretty good trade off in the long run
Right all of those lives that were losing over there I read all the friends around the world that were losing the fact that the world hates America like poison
I'm more than maybe ever before that's well worth an addition of which I didn't realize that
Hillary was on a ballot in 2000. I didn't realize that Oprah was on a ballot or Barbara strives and even Jesse Jackson and
They would have done the same thing attack and I rack
right
So I mean you talk about really reaching desperately to try to
Arachitalize the fact that we've got this moron sitting in a white house right now who stole the election right and brought daylight
But anyway, he goes on to say I apologize for bringing up the past but Montreal candidate doesn't have the ugliest people in a single city
And now he's getting right. I think he's got a good point London England gets those honors. So I think you are
You only good looking people in all of London are visitors if you have any doubt take a good look at the world family
If this is the best this country has to offer them think about hogly the really ugly ones
Trust me when I tell you Russ. I've seen plenty of men Amsterdam and oh man
They make the people in Montreal look like fashion models
It says how my golden achievers got better bloodlines than that family
She has a straighter and wider teeth than any of them
I've actually seen alligators of better looking teeth at most brits
So Neil their listeners who it sounds like may have never made outside the confines of their trailer parks and their
Ro houses there is life outside of Florida
It may be ugly life like London Montreal, but there is life also to those assholes who call up and derogate you on a year
Kind of remind them there several rapid other low life radio stations out there for their kind
If the issues you deal with are too complicated for them to understand they can always factor for it
Is it go to Montreal Canada then not only will Montreal have the grotesque ugly people I have stupid people as well
I enjoy your show Russ and Rockies is very verbose but they long
Amazing all over the place facts. Thank you Russ. Killed some good time, right? Sure, what how's that pool coming?
We got a whole lot more names to add just be patient. Got a long way to go although just like the last two days man this thing is
Just zip it right along you know show enough don't ask me why like we're rolling it anyway
153 votes on our second pool which whole business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass
Michael Jackson 36 Rosio Donald has got
The on standards 23 you know I when and thanks for reminding me that Josh too because I would have not remembered but
When I mentioned that I thought well then we get like three or four, you know
23 so I'm not the only one who finds him just
obnoxious and disgusting and one of the obvious stereotypes
Every black person America should demand that he be off the remedial even out sooner
Chive as piece of crap
J. L. 18 and see grace 11 double digits for Nancy. Let's hear it bitch
Whitney Houston 9, Ben Affleck 8, Liz Taylor 6, Bill Mara 3, Nicole Kibben 3, Robert Downey, Jr
He's got three
Canarees has got a pair
Russell Crowe 1 just and Tinkerbells got one Dennis mothers got one. Oh, I forgot about him
Jack Nicholson 1 and Mel Gibson so far has got the big oh, but he'll get there
My and local
Your sports video 560 QAM
You and I went to the bar we drank some whiskey from the jar. We got drunk all over town
Then I asked you to go down you go tits like a master but soon there was disaster the food sure went down easy
Now you say in your queasy
It felt good just like it should but then it sunk because you were drunk you spilled your guts
Pugin on my nuts
There's drunk in horror is really wack. I look down to see her last neck had come right back
Pugin on my sack
I thought I could get a decent hammer
But dinner on my boner is a bummer
And now my lap is full of crap because my monster take off your tonsils still your guts
Pugin on my nuts
I was hoping for a decent BJ
But now I am wearing Chinese buffet
All my moans were getting louder now my lap looked like cramped chowder nasty slut
I should have held back my thrust you lost your lunch now my love has turned to discuss
Pugin on my nuts
Pugin on my nuts
Love me 45 and how could we have forgotten thank you so much
Whoever facts this in oh Jeff and Lake worth and colder you bitch you slut you war number one asshole in the universe
There you go. Oh, I don't see her that much anymore. Thank the Lord maybe because of holidays. They try to be nice to do it
Let's get her ass on there right away the anxious obnoxious
Skank and colder
Here's another fact. It's just how about LMD generous with her crappy talk show on that estrogen
I mean oxygen channel. I hate that bitch. It said good point. I agree she's out there. She makes me nauseous and I'll also have go to you for gotten
Presses since I got that big story coming up in the next hour
Rush limbaugh. Is he qualified for the pole?
That's just sweet ass. He does this is a quote of votes already. Oh, he's already on there. Yeah, he'll be moving
He'll be moving up there fast. He's just like yesterday. We got to give him a handy cramp
He's got several. No. Yeah, he's I guarantee he's gonna have lots of handy cramp pretty soon
That's why he lost all of that weight when you start popping him
Telling of course you can't hear a god damn thing. You can't even her displacement makes one and hits the bowl
But my mom said she'll volunteer to come to the house to listen to the door
She's just jealous
Edden for a lot of day I said Dennis Miller has to be the biggest 10 in the s we just got him under thank you, Ed
Now what are we gonna do about this guy who wants to donate the dolphin tickets? Oh, I don't know explain to him that we don't do that
We don't I don't know we have we just don't have time. It's for the Eagle game on Monday night. Right. That's a big
He wants to donate the two really great seats to the adult and Eagle game and a stadium on the Monday for band and pay rescue
For us to auction off on a year. We appreciate it, but it's a big nightmare painting. Yes. Okay
Thanks anyway, Dennis we appreciate it
You know what's the end of the song we're thinking about why I do give him the somewhat for the holidays
That's right. Give him the 70 for the holidays and then make me watch the Eagles crushed it off in the Monday
Now this will pass if I build that wrote before I come. I wasn't talking about Jean Crche and well probably mainly built
Because even though I'm sitting in Toronto we don't do a Canadian talk show a although a case cash for noves listening
I'm sure he has taken notes
Whether today it's a minus two it's sunny and uh 20 a little murky actually now was sunny earlier
Little murky in 28 gonna be uh, we know what's gonna be the day for a high
Yeah 28 tomorrow Sunday. It's gonna be
And Monday sunny and
So these were consistent it's not bad for this time. There was a little snow out of ground this morning, but it's all gone
It's all gone
Damn it. How can you get in the spirit of
A Christmas in Chinooka and these things and new years with a little snow on the ground?
Yeah, like we get here in Florida and yeah, right. That's why nobody wants to be there this time
And here unless they absolutely have to be I mean they want to be where it is like four five ten feet of snow on a ground like water town
Buffalo places like that
Canada not excluded from Iraq business. This will make Bill happier
US president George W. Moshe is grateful for helping to war on terrorism and is working to working to include Canada and
A happy contrast to help rebuild Iraq. He said in his farewell phone call to retiring from minister Jean Crche and
He thanked me for what we're doing in afghanistan and for the offer of money and the reconstructive Iraq Crche until the news conference
Yesterday as for the news and the newspaper stating that Canada would be excluded from economic activities
The president assured me this was not the case and that he be taking action Crche and said so I thanked him. We're still good friends
Me and that moron. We're still good friends
The US announced this week that countries which did not support the US let war in Iraq last spring including Canada
Would not be allowed to bid on reconstruction contracts worth 18 billion dollars
But Crche and said bush call yesterday was basically telling me not to worry
The prime minister who retires today received the call before 8 a.m yesterday the president's exact words on the issue were
We are working to rectify the situation said Crche and spokesman Steven Hogue
Probably came to a Benoit Hogue
Bush's comments to Crche and seem to fly in the face of what he was saying at home in other words
He's getting more like Crche and he's talking out of both sides of his mouth
Now I take that back Crche and only talks out of one side of his mouth
He told reporters in Washington Bush did on Thursday that countries which sent troops to Iraq should share an American finance
Reconstruction projects while other nations are shut out you read the what is or a Guinness
What I'm saying is in fact the Bush will be in the againist book of records
What I'm saying is the expenditure of the taxpayers money the US people the taxpayers understand why it makes sense for countries
The risk lives to participate in the contracts in Iraq. It's very simple
Our people risk their lives friendly coalition folks risk their lives and therefore the contract is going to reflect that
Presidential spokesman Scott McLeodly just said will be glad to discuss the issue with you when asked about Canada's status
Incoming Prime Minister Paul Martin said today they're yesterday that he couldn't fathom the US move the shutt at northern neighbor
Especially after Canada's pledged nearly 300 million dollars for Iraq Reconstruction
Canadian troops in Afghanistan are also carrying a very very heavy load in the war on terrorism in Afghanistan Martin said he said he'd raised the matter with US ambassador a
Deputy Prime Minister John Manley suggested Canada may cut aid to Iraq in response to the US snub
Crutch in a bush talked for about ten minutes yesterday bush congratulated crack you out on your very very distinguished and honorable career
Crutch in was very moved the Prime Minister said to bush you know
We've had a few disagreements in the past the relations between our two countries have never been better
The chat was described as very warm and cordial the two leaders have never formed the kind of bond Crutch and enjoyed with former US President Bill Clinton
There was an infamous incident just a year ago when former Crutch and press aid france by du Kro called Bush a moron
She lost her job after Crutch and attempts to defend her widely mocked in the US media and they squeezed her out
And I guess they're forgetting that also was Crutch and himself shortly after Bush took off as he said basically the same thing a mold
absolutely
Well, here's some good news. You'll be pleased about that you'll feel safer here in this
Okay, a driver and his passenger crashed through the gates of the Florida governors mansion
And it just stolen a car from nearby parking lot doesn't appear they were targeting governor jabbushers family authority said Thursday
They just were van moosen
Bush the president's brother wasn't home, but his wife columnma that smuggler was in
Was when the cars smashed through their homes gate wins denied and crashed out under another street behind the mansion
Car didn't hit the mansion nobody was injured
The car they zoomed right through the north gate when right off the South gate later were caught
For the car being stolen. I guess we're somewhat surprised that they gave the community they went through with the governor's mansion
They thought it was like a condo complex, you know
This one zip it on through
Huh
5 6 7 0 5 60 don't forget no one got the latest on rush
Yeah, I like the I like the headline here and inquired this week police web closing it on rush to which we say oh right
Fry his freaking ass, okay?
Hippocrate Tupper crap free phone. I'm a two pull the switch. Yes, I would
WDQM. Hello, saving money now. Okay. I love to save some WDQM. Hello
Neil George, how's it going you guys? Okay, sir. I got two people actually you could count them as one for your poll
Nick and Jessica
Oh, I mean that I mean aside from me separate then they're joined into hip pretty much
I mean aside from looking at a rack out there
So about all though the only UC has for me on TV and oh wanted to give you the heads up more gives a good head. Okay, thanks
Absolutely, we can't put them on the together. Where else we got to put Jessica Simpson. Nobody pick it on my buddy Nick
Okay, Jessica Simpson be okay, right sure she's a pain in the ass
You think it's an act because you met her she sat there right across me right in that room
No, it's not an act
But those boobs are an act the boobs are fake but the stupidities for real dumb blonde when I put the expression dumb blonde in the dictionary
They had her pus right next to it
56705 60 pound five 60 auto AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Joe and Mark who are no Nick and Jessica, but Joe and Mark are just standing by over there at singular wireless
1920 South University Drive and Davey waiting for the onslaught
During this holiday season the people are going to be unloading their wallets
For a band and pair rescue and bringing Schmidt loads of toys for their toy drive. Don't you think?
Absolutely. I think today might be the delineating moment in their careers to the finding moment in their lives
WDQAM
Hello, yes sir. Yeah, I know that we have Reverend Jones
I know I see when you're in the barrel in the beginning Reverend Jones
It's always a really pretty good giveaway, okay, but we do want to remind you of one thing for the holidays, okay?
Your gay
And here's a nice bonus point at no extra charge. They still hate you with the track
56705 60 pound five 60 auto AT&T and Verizon wireless line which your business figure gives you the biggest pain in the
Brackum ass. That's our poll question today. We got it a very a prestigious list
Michael Jackson 45 rosy 39
Dion Sanders 28 nice going Dion
J. Lo 21 Nancy Grace 11 Whitney Houston's got 10
Rush Limbaugh 9 you're right. He's crawling up there Bill Maher 8 also a fast move
Then aflak 8 list hailer 6 Dennis Miller 4 Robert Downey Jr. 4
Justin's thinker bell 3
Nicole Kidman 3 can't arouse two and colder one Mel Gibson one Russell Crowe one Jack Nicholson one that guy
L. N. D. Generate Oprah Winfrey and Dr. Phil we how could we forget about Dr. Phil but so far the three of them have got the big
As in not yet
The BD Q. I. M. Yeah, it's not talking. No speaking
Deal. Yes, sir. What's going on? I know
Chiam in on the poll today go right ahead and I'm sure that George and all those other
Generates are going to disagree but I am sick of parents. Hill
Why would I disagree with that?
I don't know because you probably you guys probably like her
Think she's why you say that what would you hear?
Well, she's not hot. She's gross. Good George. I'm glad you agree. He's a sage
St. S. Bitch how often have you heard me?
No, I don't know because I'm not a guy's like her. No, I'm not that attitude otherwise. She's great
I am your big my ball just break her chin when I put it in you know
You'll be pleased to know they got a really
Negatory story about her in this week's inquiry you inspired me to get into a Tesla
Well, can I add one more thing now? Yes, sir. This is like a sports station, right?
And I've got all the school that's locally that you know is doing really really good lately with an old crotch
The old coach and you can't even get in the airtime everybody wants to talk about you know
Chase feedlers bomb me and you know, it doesn't matter what you mean how much how much meli bird were you talking about?
To be ashamed of themselves
You're right man. Here we are. She's a good job. Neil. I love you man. Thanks pal. I had her right there
Paris Hilton bust up childhood sweetheart's engagement
Right and right almost in the center and anybody I think she's hot man needs
Some serious help right. I don't care what your proclivities are she's about as hot as two pounds of
Halivine the freezer and not a nice person. I mean she's she's got no breast at all a none zero
Unless they're innings she had no breath. She she put their coenies. They're like snow cones
She weighs about 45 pounds soak in wet. She's got a schnauzman. It looks like it's been trapped in a vice her ass os points
The her ass is like like I said in any it's like coming out the front side
And she's just a piece of crap so big deal so they got a tape with her banging at rich Solomon
I'll say it again even though you won't agree because you don't want to ruin your image
He's a hell of a lot better looking than she is
That's a lot prettier than she is
I'll see if he would waste this time with that picture unless except maybe the fact your name was hilton
So here's another great story we got from the Suixing crime. Thanks for your inspiration
Hello one moment please
Hey, you said hello to me for what is that? I've been holding a job. She's on the phone. Yeah, I think we should just continue
Okay, let's just continue and pretend that we had to rejoin here
This is mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q a m
She can you hear me
I have the little for you
Can't you think you're hearing
I have to shoot a boy too
Oh
Rashi
Rashi
Rashi
Rashi
My boy
What
What a touch of
What
That's
What will you do with all your will?
You're back for you, you hateful creeps.
What you got you over me just can't be.
I might sound true, but I'm not sorry.
What will you do with all your will?
What will you do with all your will?
What will you do with all your will?
There you go.
Here's a fact says from Tyrion Vermont.
She is nauseating.
Get her on here.
Here's what it says.
Maybe there are enough projects around.
A bushing boys just turned the dogs loose and bomb the rest of the rack.
There will be lots of reconstruction.
Make everybody happy.
There you go. That's a thought.
That's an idea.
Let's see.
We already have open doctor Phil from this other fax, but it's got acute PS.
I nominate the crow to take Moe's job and re-total it.
The crow and no Moe's show.
I like that a lot.
In fact, I think that starts on Monday here on a station nearby.
Yeah.
The crow and the...
Show.
Moe's show.
Anyway, thank you so much.
Paris Hilton bust up childhood sweetheart's engagement.
What a bitch she is.
Porn tape starlet Paris Hilton has gotten and brought another shameless scandal while taping
a reality TV show The Simple Life.
She broke up the engagement of two high school sweetheart's who both are cute but they need
a haircut.
Both of them.
The simple life has been a surprise hit as viewers watch hotel, Iris, Paris Center,
fellow Rich girl Nicole, Richie, Mingle and then some with folks in the small town of
Alta's Arkansas.
And the inquire is gone behind the scenes to uncover some weird happenings off camera.
Man-eater Paris 22 didn't even have feelings for trade Lindley, the guy who dumped his fiance
Carolyn Keynes for but instead staged the romance to boost the show's rating set of source
in Alta's.
At one point, Paris and Caroline nearly came to blows after the iris and Nicole heckled
her high school graduation ceremony.
And when the taping was finished, Paris packed her Prada bags and blew out a ton like a
tornado leaving the relationship between the 19 year lovebirds and ruins.
Thanks to Paris, the future Tray and I were building where it was ripped apart within
a matter of days Caroline told the inquire and exclusive interview as lovers Tray and I
are back to square one.
And Tray told the inquire there's a chance Caroline and I and I commend a relationship but
it's going to take a lot of work.
Caroline just doesn't trust me no more.
Said the source.
The small town of Alta's wasn't prepared for the havoc that Paris and Nicole had in store
and it goes on at Great Lang in the December 23rd inquire.
So there you go again, another bitch.
Yeah.
Now, getting to the meat of the matter.
First the New York Daily News before we get to the inquire story, New York Daily News
today says, Rush Limbaugh's spin team came up with a secret plan to save their boss after
the conservative commentator admitted he was addicted to painkillers.
The New York Daily News learned yesterday.
The plan involved taking up former senator Bob Dole's offer to help the empatel radio
jock and suggesting he write a supportive letter to Newsweek magazine.
The October 13 memo to premiere radio and that was president Craig Kitchen obtained
by the news also recommended doing a survey of Rush's listeners to gauge the reaction
to Limbaugh's embarrassing admission.
If results are positive, we can use PR with states and advertisers in the media of the
memo states if not, we don't have to publicize.
It also reaches Craig to send memo to Congress with updates on coverage, advertiser and affiliate
feedback.
Confronted with her memo, Limbaugh's spokeswoman Kevin Bellos said the Congress was referring
to was the senior management team at the premiere radio network's ride.
As for Dole, Bellos said he offered to help after Newsweek did an unflattering story
about Limbaugh's addiction and the criminal investigation of his lead suppliers, Dole
didn't return her call for comment.
Limbaugh hasn't been charged with a crime and repeatedly is denying being the target
of foreign investigators probing a black market painkiller ring he went into rehab as
video yada yada, fearing that Limbaugh who once called the for jailing junkies may
be branded a hypocrite and lose the loyalty of his right-wing listeners is team sprang
into action.
Post-de-caldor-waxed on Rush's website telling his audience the best way they can support
him is the stay tuned with local station Bellos wrote, let the station know they're listening
to the program.
In addition to providing addresses for Rush's fans to send letters, Bellos recommended
getting the message out that Limbaugh's advertisers would stay loyal to the show.
Assuming not pouring a protest in MMO states, we'll alert the Wall Street Journal.
Limbaugh was his usual liberal bashing self when he returned to their waves last month
with his audience apparently in tech.
A short time later investigators in Florida's Palm Beach County where Limbaugh lives in
Splender seized his medical records and suggested he went doctor shopping.
It was the first sign Limbaugh could face criminal charges for buying black market drugs.
Next week in general the side of the medical records have been made public.
Bellos said the records show that Limbaugh's addiction stem from his numerous medical problems
and they want them made public.
Also yesterday in a heaven in my hand right now the National Inquirer reported that the
police web is tightening around Rush Limbaugh and they could be arrested in just a matter
of days.
Oh please!
Limbaugh's lawyer Roy Black yesterday called the tabloid story pure fabrication and
authentically available the attempt to destroy Mr Limbaugh's reputation and career.
Right!
Lock that up your ass you know.
Just like somebody once said.
In Fatso, remember that scene?
Junior?
No, I don't remember that.
Whenever singing a song about the something boys whatever the napoli boys.
Lock that up the night and say yeah lock that up the night you're ass.
So that was a Dom Delo, we said that to Junior.
He wanted the keys to the refrigerator, the cupboard baby.
Don't you remember that?
I did that.
Get the keys, get the honey Junior.
You're not into it.
Anyway I got it in my hand right now.
What?
Chargers could come down against drug scandal players.
Police web closing in on Rush.
I also got a great story about somebody that you were really like a lot.
Roy!
Cone?
No.
Roy undergo a secret surgery, you're a place part of his skull.
Yeah.
He just has like a little hole in it and his head too.
How's it?
Holding up.
Well we'll get to him eventually.
Got a lot of crap here today boy.
A lot of faxes pouring in and you almost think we have an audience or something.
Police web closing in on Rush.
Talk King Pin had four docs feeding his pill habits authorities and here's a picture of Rush with his glove, his golf glove on one hand, his hearing aid in place in his ear and smoke at a big fat Stogi.
It says the news is tightening the Palm Beach County's task forces investigating Limbaugh's doctors.
The police web is tightening around Rush Limbaugh and his suspected drug supplier says the inquire and the arrest of key figures including Rush could come soon.
The inquire has learned exclusively.
Record seized by Palm Beach County Task Force investigators alleged the talk show host got overlapping prescriptions for powerful painkillers only days apart more than 2000 pills over approximately a five month period this year.
Mr Limbaugh's actions violate the letter in spirit of section 893.13 commonly known as doctor shopping states the search warrant application filed and the search court of Palm Beach County.
According to the search warrant application, no fewer than four physicians wrote prescriptions for Limbaugh in the week just part of the inquire's blockbuster exclusive in October exposing Limbaugh's massive drug addiction.
After police raids on the offices of Limbaugh's doctors, a source posted investigation to have all to the inquire Rush Limbaugh is clearly part of a major criminal investigation could face arrest.
Beside the medical professionals mentioned in search once for his medical records, the names have at least two other doctors allegedly involved in the dispensing of large quantities of prescription medications have been given to investigators.
This investigation could also soon result in the arrest of doctors.
Oh yeah, this is sweet.
All right.
Armed with the warrants, investigators seized the 52 year old conservative kink pins medical and prescription records from two medical officers on November 25 in a mind boggling allegation.
The search warrant application claims that one physician prescribed 60 tablets of Norco and extremely potent painkiller August 28 and 240 more the very next day.
Back in April, the same doctor also prescribed 84 North Copa tablets on the 15th and 180 more only nine days later according to the warrant application.
84 tablets on the 15th, 180 more nine days later.
Boy, he must have been in a lot of pain.
In the inquirer's world exclusive expose in October, Rush's housekeeper Wilma Klein confession provided Rush with massive quantities of painkillers.
Now she reveals radio is most successful top king fear leaving a paper trail by dealing with doctors.
I need pain pills, but a man in my position can't afford to have me look ridiculous.
I can't afford to have his name out of doctor's prescription. Rush explained according to Wilma.
The housekeeper quits applying Russian July 2002 and she told the inquirer that if he broke his golden rule by turning to doctors for drugs, he must have become a doctor.
Absolutely desperate recently.
Absolutely.
Rush will return to the airwaves of November 17 following five weeks in rehab received prescription medication of a controlled substance in the year 2003 from four different positions between March 24th and September 26th, 2003.
A corned away search warrant affidavit signed by task for force agent Max DeValley.
These prescriptions were issued sometime in the same week and less than 30 days apart. How many?
About 30, man.
The radio host never told individual doctors that he was receiving painkill prescriptions from other physicians in order to obtain extensive amounts of controlled substances to support his addiction reads the search warrant application.
Four doctors named in the search warrant supplied limbo with 2,930 pills for records claim.
The pills included Norco, Oxycontin, Lorset, Hydrocodone and Catium. What the hell is that?
You know nothing I've heard of.
Limbo's attorney Roy Black claims Rush is the victim of a fishing expedition by prosecutors of target in him because of his well known political opinions.
Eddard Black. Rush Limbo is not part of a drug ring. He was never a target of a drug investigation.
But. But state attorney very chrisher quickly had back he referred to the ongoing investigation. Mr Limbo on Eddard.
It is not my office policy to come out of an open police investigation.
When the Mr Limbo is subject to prosecution or any crimes is still under investigation.
That's almost the shocking is that memo about how QA is searching friendically for a new morning sports talent.
My life and love this is for real by sticking away.
Friday you bastard.
And there is a party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut
And there is a party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut
And there is a party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party girl slut party
I'm a really smartster a good girl who wants to be a media home for girls's it on top quiver you want more on this lady is why don't give you she's got a book to read about slanderin nobody knows for about slanderin out with a big scoop about anyone to the left of mangola such a good christian girl you want to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
she's a good girl who wants to strangle her
it's 1217 at 560 WQM
hey normal you just faxed me a blank sheet of paper
that normal can't man he just can't you know what
faxed me two pages the first one i've already got the second one is blank and i try to fax him back and say
hey paxed me two you faxed with blank and his faxed machines busy
you know how some people are just like kind of
inept? no
faxing faxes ain't us that'd be a good business from the open up now that he sold his newspaper
faxes ain't me because he just can't do it
our good buddy Mike says he hates Jerry Lewis
he says in real life my mother would do it
and bumped him into a store and pomp at a beach every years ago
he tried to shake his hand in the arrogant set of a bitch
rushed by her got in wiskar and drove away
Jerry Lewis will get a lot of votes
hey lady
that's what he said on a way out the store
rushed to his car and flew out
that's probably why his head blew up like a balloon
that's probably why his head blew up like a balloon
if we want to hear the story about
Roy!
oh okay
how many thousands we got out there with Joe and Mark yet
uh... no update
what do you mean no update?
I've been promoting it there i mean they're out there now
and i've been plugging a crap out of it all morning long
they should have a line that all the way around the block there
Joe and Mark with our best of the merchandise and their toy drive going on
they're at singular wireless 1920
South University drive in Davie
very prestigious location
from not only two o'clock
they should be having money up the ass them too
right now when you think you think
how's the pull coming
which old business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass
Michael Jackson 51
Rosie O'Donnell 50
Dion Sanders 32
J. Lo 26
Rush Limbaugh 20
Nancy Grace 11
Whitney Houston 11
Bill Marr 10 and colder 10
everybody else in single digits small potatoes so far
let me say it again Norm your fax machine is screwed up
you don't know what you're doing
isn't that great when somebody faxed you something
and it comes out like a blank sheet of paper
oh that's free paper
it's kind of like when the equipment is screwed up
you know it's always on your end down there
it's never here it's always on that side
same thing with Norma man just can't get it straightened out
when it's out normed straighten it out
by the way Joe just called and uh...
a bunch of people have come by but no one has bought CDs
and no one has brought a toy
so so what does that mean they've come by for what
he said they're just sniffing around
well i got something if they're sniffing around
no it's a charge there you go sniff that
well what does that mean they're just sniffing around
those guys they got more excuses man
they couldn't raise if they had like starving puppies
and kittens in front of them there
they couldn't raise 50 cent
it's just Joe by the way
also in the woods is not even a little just Joe
well forget about that
because they don't want to see him
now they can go out there
although the coast is clearing out that markis and brigand there
let's see how Norma Kent is doing here
oh that other girl Norma you done it
now i got to fix this pain in the ass thing back to him
good god almighty right in the middle of my very high paid radio show
what's wrong with this guy
okay we got it Norm just relax okay
you'll get it though when i'm good and ready
brother
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a 18 teen Verizon line
what show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the old
that's a lot of the
posterior ass
w-d-q-a-m
hello hello
yes
Neil yes ma'am
hi i just wanted to know
what the number is to order
order the TVs
and the key things and stuff without
what's that number George 305
650
0156
i'm sorry give your feet a please
i'm sorry
305
ok 305 got that so far
yes 650
oh
156
yes thank you
and thank you very much and have a great holiday
thanks to the band
i love animals too
thank you
oh speaking of animals
i'm going to go to a secret surgery
to replace part of his skull
now why are you laughing about this story
this is sad
no it's not
Las Vegas legend
born his undergone secret life saving surgery
replaced part of his skull that have been removed after he was severely mauled by
a 600 pound tagger the inquire has learned
who was trying to save him
he was trying to save him
but even as the tagger teaming out a taming half of secret and
tried to battle back after the growing 6-hour operation
his partner's secret is locked in his own battle with insurance companies to get him to cover
enormous expenses
sources say doctors waited till December 5th to do the surgery
because they needed to be strong enough to withstand the rigors replacing that
section of the skull that had been implanted in his abdomen for safekeeping after the attack
are you ready for that
that's some pretty duct-franked lines
test
I know we had a storage pouch in there
the painstaking operation took so much out of the famed illusionist who had been breathing on his own
that sources say he went to the ICU after surgery
and was put back on a ventilator
it's one step forward declared a source
post to
and a half a step back
and then he went to the hospital
he's certainly not out of the woods but he survived a 6-hour brain surgery and that's a good sign by itself
sickly remains in an emotional turmoil
he also wants to recover
he wants him to recover so badly
he's deluded himself in a thinking his partner already has made a miracle recovery
the truth is as far as
conditions concerned it's still touch and go
touch and go
kind of like my ass on the toilet two nights ago
touch and
go
thanks doctor racquins
now it's not doctor brown believe me if he were still alive they never put those things out
those in the old he was already starting to get into it with those advantage bars and whatnot
the advantage bars have been around for years they don't make your crap your brains out no they just taste like
they well that's the choice
that's excellent
no no certainly i think you just touched on it you fell into a pile of crap
either it tastes like crap or if it tastes good it makes you
crap yeah the knowing between that's the thing with this losing weight
you can't get away from the right
right
right
anyway getting back to the important stuff about
Roy
his condition is still touch and go it's been that way since the tiger grabbed
the show on a bigger stage in front of a horrified the group of fans October 3rd
now what i wanted to say horrified from what we were hearing they thought it was part of the show member
and some of us might be elated
i don't want to question the inquires veracity racuancy here but uh get with it
soon after doctors had to remove a portion of his skull because his brain had swollen was pressing
against the bone or that's nothing worse than when there's a brain pressing against your bone
if the pressure got too great
Roy would die
doctors placed his skull on his abdomen to keep the tissue viable sources say
Roy was airlifted from Vegas to UCLA in Los Angeles October 28th
because the couple's Hollywood friends told sick read his best chance for survival was in a carol
California specialist slowly
Roy made progress
he could open one eye and seem to be emerging from the coma says the source the biggest step was when doctors
finally took him off the ventilator he was able to breathe on his own they finally decided he was well enough
for him to go to the operation it was a success but now the insurance company is saying sick
freed moved from the early hospital where we're after the attack without getting permission from their
carrier and therefore they may not cover his medical bills say inside his
so when you go and see joe castella they give some extra money for Roy
right no all sygfried wants is the best possible health care for his partner the source said
means everything in the world of him is devotion to
raw is heart-wraending
sygfried is terribly distraught over the insurance red tape he said war with the paper pushers
and it's driving him mad hopefully
Roy will fully recover the insurance company will pay the bills for it right now it could go either way on both counts
woo pretty spooky huh
don't let me forget maybe I'll do it in the one o'clock hour
that article by David corn editor of the nation
author of the lies of George W. Bush mastering the politics of deception about the
Horns says don't let me forget okay don't just make some buzzing sounds like horn it's all
remember
oh what is with all these faxes here good got all mighty
Charles and dear field beats don't know if you got this facts on Wednesday my opening statements that kennels
was over there uh russian ball for they shall got it
and what is this other stuff on here that goes on
and on and on and on Charles and dear field beach i don't got time for that in the middle of the show Charles thank you so much
here's one that says what is it about religion that you hate so much is it just Christianity or all religions i'd appreciate some intelligent
insights as i have problems with religion myself let me just tell you this where this is from
is there got a name on it no but whoever this is is a dull computer preferred customer
aren't you excited about that it's all about your fairy tales it's all about your hate
religion is a big taxis and business that teaches people to hate and go to war and kill each other very simple not just Christianity
not just Judaism not just the Muslims and all this other crap it's all of them they're all craft their man made
about fairy tales for morons that's the answer to your questions unnamed the dull preferred customer
you probably miss what's his name the delkai it's probably what they took him off the year
27 past known at 560 qa m
five local
this is five six years
three years old yours
qa m
are there you bastards
my religion's better than your religion
my religion's better than yours
my beliefs are what's required you will void a land of fire
my religion's better than your
my religion's better than your religion
my religion's better than yours
my religion and the destiny and racial fate
my religion's better than yours
my religion's better than yours
my religion's better than yours
but we like to bow the best type of our minds and wear the dress
My religion is better than yours.
Absolutely.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
I speak of me.
We have no reason to go to heaven.
Drive a cab to make a living.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Chupa hapras, kukigost.
We slaughter pigs and dogs in boats.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Nice.
We've been together for so long.
We've been together for so long.
We've been together for so long,
we've been together for so long,
we've been together for so long,
we've been together for so long,
We quit knowingly.
We quit knowingly,
we quit knowingly.
We quit knowingly.
We quit knowingly.
We quit knowingly.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to Mary lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Absolutely.
We don't want to use our brains where mindless living's on parade.
My religion's better than yours.
You'll never guess what Skanky Abnox's bitch is on CNN with Wolf Blitzkrieg right now debating something of goofball and culture.
I do like that. All we had to do was mention the fact we haven't seen her in a while and she is again a parade her ass out.
Well, these liberals with theories about halibut and that's kind of like the trial of the commission and the builder bird.
Why?
There she is.
Ugly twat.
Oh, twat's new.
Anyway, center of US operations in Baghdad attack.
Oi!
US military said that unidentified explosions overnight in Baghdad were rocket attacks targeting the green zone in Baghdad.
It sure took that long enough to get us this story and I was asking about that all this morning.
Right?
What we know now is three to six explosions impacted in one of the buildings inside the green zone, not the palace of the headquarters.
Brigadier General Curtis Scaperotti told CNN.
Scaperotti.
The retool wounded both were US soldiers.
He said the soldiers were not seriously injured.
There you go. So after all of that.
Join George Tomorrow from 10 a noon at Tigrid direct located 7795 West Flagler Boulevard.
What the hell is that?
What's Tigrid direct?
It's a computer kind of a place with specialty products, computers, all kinds of cool things.
Nizo.
Okay.
Noon, 10 to Noon.
Tomorrow Tigrid direct located 7795 West Flagler Street.
Stop by the wind prizes.
Pick up your best of the emergency.
Drop off your tour donations for Joe and what's his name?
He used to be with Joe Mark.
How is Joe doing out there?
He got some cash in here.
He's been there for like a long time, 35 minutes.
I guess not yet.
Let me just give you a suggestion, Josh.
When Joe is out of one of these, don't hold your breath.
Don't get all pent up and worked up into a frenzy in that dissipation of some fabulous report that,
oh my god, like yesterday.
Remember we did see yesterday was partly our fault.
You want to know why?
Why is that?
Because we didn't know nothing about it till it was already in progress.
Not since Scott Jr.
out there in the van to the shell station.
And we did it.
It just said he'll be there.
It'll too.
It's just that he's there.
You know.
So it took people a little while to get out there to build up the courage to go there into the bowels of Hollywood.
You know what I mean?
Well, I don't want to go into it.
But it's Pines and University.
No, that's not where he was.
Oh, the shell station was divine 95.
You're thinking of that 84.
You better get with it in this fine area.
Oh, right by the old Paxon studio is right by the Cox headquarters.
The deep dark ghetto of Hollywood.
I mentioned that what's his name?
Disney probably would have gone out there and then beat him over about the hidden shoulders with a broom.
Being the witch that he is.
Which I thought somebody told me.
Should I do the David Corn thing?
I don't think so.
I think we'll save that for one o'clock.
It's too.
I don't want to like rush through it.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to rush.
I don't want to sound like I'm on speed or something like that.
Which show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass?
Michael Jackson 56.
But don't think Michael Michael motorcycles is because of his latest problem.
That he's off to the races alone.
Rosio Donald 52.
That fat bitch is right on his ass.
And the on Sanders 34,
Russian about 33.
They're in a battle.
J. Lo 27 and coder absolutely everything and coder 14.
I'm looking at that skanky bitch right now.
You know what I'd like to see?
I'd like to see a manaja to a huge king size bed.
Miss Fudge in the middle with your girlfriend,
Lynn Samuels on one side and coder on the other side.
How'd you like that?
I'd bode up a tea.
I would be there for that one.
Yeah.
Michael Jackson 56.
Rosio Donald 52.
The on Sanders 34.
Russian about 33.
J. Lo 27 and coder 14.
Bill Maher 11.
Whitney Houston 11.
Nancy Grace 11.
Dennis Miller 10.
Ben Affleck 9.
Dr. Phil's got seven.
I scroll.
Dr. Phil you bald headed geek.
Fony baloney.
And you know who else is a Fony baloney who don't even look that good no more.
Is his son.
Remember I said he had a good son a couple of years ago.
I think you said.
I'm going to take your word for it.
He's another faker.
Okay Steve I think his name is Steve McGraw.
Who?
Well, I'm a tug McGraw.
Whatever your hell is his name is he's tugging on it.
Yeah he's he's writing diet books now just like daddy dieting for a teenagers.
A lot of money.
Have you been a fan?
Does he know anything about dieting?
No, no.
No you fat people give anybody your money.
That's right.
You're right because we're desperate and it's like it's like the televanjolus.
Don't want to do it.
You got a bunch of desperate oil and that guy that sent me to facts that got me to play that my religion thing.
I am so sick and tired of people want to make it complicated.
There is nothing complicated at all.
Okay?
Right.
The easiest test.
Everybody on Florida sooner or later we'll find an insect in or around their home.
Okay?
If you're lucky enough to have our good friend the Steve, pay me the Steve who does our bug service.
You probably won't have any inside your home.
Right?
At least for a long time right?
I don't.
But like if you find an ant on a counter and you're like like that you know what we all do.
You squirt the ant or maybe a cockroach God forbid you know what I was filthy disgusting cockroaches.
Yeah.
And you step on it.
Just ask yourself the question is it going to heaven?
No.
Is it coming back to life?
No.
Is it going to purgatory?
No.
What a heaven.
No.
See they don't have a soul so that's not a good time.
Yeah.
The only soul was the one on your shoe that stepped on the insect.
That was the killer.
And all this crap about a soul.
How does a soul see?
How does a soul hear?
How does a soul think?
How does a soul feel?
Magic?
Right.
There you go.
I mean what are we talking about?
Use your brain.
Forget about the brainwashing.
All this man made bubble mice.
Use all these fairy tales.
All this stupidity and nonsense.
And just take a look at the history of man.
Not just today since the beginning of recorded time.
Telling each other because the book that they wrote says that they're better than somebody else who wrote a different book.
That's what it's all about.
So it's not just the Christians and the Jews and the Muslims and all the other go.
It's everybody.
If they put as much energy into making a world a rational, sane, civilized place as they do when they're trying to convert and brainwash everybody else and make them an offer they couldn't refuse, which is going on over the world today.
Then it would be paradise.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Paradise.
No prophet.
But last time I checked, it ain't.
We're supporting you 5-6-7.
You A.M.
I folks stand a smeller here and I'm standing here with President George W. Bush.
The man I'm endorsing for reelection.
Hey everybody.
Well George here is doing a great job.
I mean, you know, when it comes to get that done, he makes Churchill look like Neville Chamberlain.
Isn't that right, sir?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he's a...
He's my favorite basketball player.
Right.
And President Bush really stands up to the terrorists and tell you better than the Democrats.
I mean, come on.
Those guys have the backbone of a nematode on muscle relaxes.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think I used to lick nematodes back in the frat days.
It's thinking of licking.
George W. Bush is going to give the Democrats a bigger licking than Hootskin Turner.
Well, I know what Hoots is, but who's Turner?
George W. Bush is going to turn this economy around faster than Little Reagan's cranium and the excesses.
I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie.
I mean, come on.
I don't mean to go off and are at here.
But George W. is to proactive forward policy.
What Heisenberg was to watch the physics, okay?
I was almost good at his head.
So, please folks, come November 2004.
Vote for George W. Bush.
Trust me on this, when you'll be happier than Ruben Stuttered with a fistful of ponderosa copats.
I think I get that one.
Oh, God.
Wait for it by the surprising new friends of George W. Bush.
Well, 44 at 560, W. Bush who had 16 to 1, Joe Castellas had no, but probably pretty lonely at Singular Wireless 1927 University of New York.
The University of New York has raised the nickel yet for abandonment per rescue.
Has he?
No.
I mean, I'll just say this to you.
Okay, if he gets shut out, I'll never mention his name on here again.
That's a promise.
If he goes out there for two hours and doesn't raise a dime, at least 20 bucks, that's it.
Okay, and no toys.
No toys for his toy drive.
No cash for our best of a meal.
Nothing.
And he likes them toys.
Okay, so stop by toys.
Be us.
Stop by those sex toy joints and bring them one.
Okay, and then he can.
Come on, Joe.
Get with it.
Go out there.
Get a megaphone.
Go out there and speak for us.
Hey, look at me.
I'm Joe Castellas from Q.A.M.
I'm a hot shot.
I'm Mr. Motorsport Saturday.
I'm a big superstar.
Right?
Who's something?
Anyway, David Corn, Washington, and into the nation, author of the lines of George W.
The hotlines ringing.
I'll wait.
For what?
Oh, the hotlines ringing for me.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Listen to you.
It's not my fault if other people aren't charitable.
And by the way, we've got $40 in a couple of authorities.
Oh, so then what's the Josh Gain?
He's giving it to business.
I think he wants your job.
It's actually really difficult parking over here.
We're on the southeast corner in the tower shops.
You sound like the dolphin fans now.
Yeah.
Hey, listen, like I said, if the pump is starting to get fine, people are bringing toys and bringing money.
I've been pretty well earning for you in the past.
And I would like to.
When was that?
Listen.
Here's a goal here in like thousands and millions of dollars.
Yeah, man.
I may be old, but I'm not that senile yet.
Listen, we're doing all right.
We're going to get it going.
I don't know.
People aren't very charitable this year.
No, it's a tough.
It's a tough year.
I don't know why they don't like you that much anyway.
So who else wants to see you?
That goes without saying.
I don't know if they would have without Mark Eisenberg.
I don't know if they're going to look a big bag of toys coming out.
There you go.
Do the best you can, Joe.
We'll do.
And good luck to you.
You'll need it.
OK, there's your carstellar with his arms very defensive.
Anyway, David Corn writes, there's a hornet nest out back.
You and your buddy talk about what to do about it.
He says, I'm going to hit it with a stick.
You say, no, don't do that.
Let's think about another way to deal with the problem.
He says, I'm going to hit it with a stick.
You please don't do this.
Maybe we can smoke them out.
Ask others what to do.
Find some other solution.
He says, I'm going to hit it with a stick.
You reply, no, really?
Let's he then hits the nest with a stick.
Hornets go flying everywhere.
They sting, whomever they can find.
It's chaos ensues.
Your friend looks at you and says, hey, don't tell me that was wrong to hit it with a stick.
That would be a waste of time.
Tell me what your solution is for dealing with the problem right now.
Such a scenario is an imperfect analogy for the position of war critics find themselves in these days.
Imperfect because a hornets nest might pose a more immediate threat to the characters in this tale,
then saw them who's saying despite all his brutality posed to the U.S.
In recent weeks, defenders of the war have dismissed criticism of the war as counterproductive at this point in time.
And we've tried to turn the tables on the critics by demanding they provide a roadmap for victory and extrication.
It's an old ruse. Don't be so negative.
Give us solutions.
But there's no reason why I told you so.
A critic should be expected to pull up George W. Bush's bacon from the fire.
In fact, there may be no way out.
It's not much fun to be gloomy about a war that Bush now says was thought to bring democracy to the repressed people of Iraq.
Well, they can't keep saying he went to find weapons of mass destruction.
Yet Bush is stuck in a hole of his own digging, pulling out of Iraq and leaving the Iraqi to their own devices,
and the mercy of numerous vatis thugs, would be an immoral act.
But staying in Iraq is acupyricim at this moment a problematic position as well.
A few days ago, the New York Times noted on the front page that the U.S. has adopted Israeli-like tactics in Iraq,
jailing the relatives of suspected insurgents, the monitoring buildings that might have been used by the anti-American guerrillas, surrounding whole villages in barbed wire.
And the article quoted Captain Todd Brown, a company commander in the area of one fenced in village observing,
you have to understand the era of mind. The only thing they understand is force, force, pride, and saving face.
Bush can deliver noble speeches pledging the decades along U.S. commitment to democracy in Iraq and the Middle East.
Deputy Defense Secretary Wolfowitz can articulate lofty reasons for the occupation of Iraq, but Captain Brown and others like him are the ones who are in a way making the policy in Iraq
with their attitudes and the interactions with Iraqis.
I don't begrudge Brown, his hard-ass position, for which he's been placed in a tough spot.
What is chilling is that his remark may be a more accurate description of the realities of U.S. policy in Iraq than anything concocted by a White House speech writer.
Was the American public informed before the war that success in Iraq would depend upon practices that were increasingly failing and falling in the distribute with in Israel?
Almost every week another former or soon-to-retair senior military official in Israel confesses that aerial sureones hit them with a stick policy is not only failed but has been counterproductive.
So when U.S. faces a situation in which the military had to imprison Iraqis with their own villages, it's not quite fair to demand that critics propose a surefire remedy to the Iraq problem.
What is there to say? Picket fences instead of barbed wire?
The Democratic presidential candidates of each blast of the occupation imposed similar alternatives in Iraq.
They generally argue that Bush must turn over the occupation of the United Nations and that such a handoff would pave the way for internationalizing the military action in Iraq.
The assumption is that if the Bush administration yielded control over the political and economic developments in Iraq, sorry Halibutin, then other nations of the world would be willing to send troops to Iraq to assist the U.S. there.
This is an untested assumption.
But as the war becomes uglier, who sent anything about barbed wire, is it likely that other nations will deploy troops to Iraq for what is not a peacekeeping mission, but a counterinsurgency operation?
Moreover, could a multilateral force be more successful in vanquishing the insurgents, which is now the challenge at hand than the U.S. military?
It's pretty to think that the UN could make things right in Iraq, but it's an ocean based more on hope than fact. It could happen.
But fortunately for the Democratic candidates, Bush shows no signs of replacing Paul Bremmer with Kofi Annan.
I say fortunately because this means that Democrats can continue to advocate such a course and claim they have something to offer beyond criticism of Bush, even if their proposal has obvious shortcomings.
I don't fault them, they have to have their own plans, but no one should imagine that just such an approach would definitely succeed, it may be the only option we're trying but let's be real, it's no slam dunk.
Recently, Anthony Cortesman, a military expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, produced a series of depressing studies on the war in Iraq.
A report on U.S. intelligence and the missing WMDs in Iraq notes, even a cursory review of U.S. and British charges about Iraq's WMD capabilities shows that point after point that was made,
was not confirmed during the war after the first two months following the conflict.
The U.S. in Britain went to war with Iraq without the level of evidence needed to provide a clear strategic rationale for the war.
In a paper on the current fighting in Iraq, he says that neither side the U.S. and the insurgents can now achieve their original grand strategic objectives.
This is forced each side to eliminate its objectives to the point where neither side may be able to win in grand strategic terms.
It's true he observed that bushed in the regime of a cruel dictator but failed to achieve the objective of removing an urgent and imminent threat because there's no evidence that such a threat existed.
More on the point of what to do now than he writes, the U.S. may be able to give Iraq significant new opportunities but it won't be able to shape Iraq into a modern democracy or a free market economy.
The U.S. will have to leave long before the political economic and energy issues in Iraq play out and Iraq will then face years have found a decade of instability.
A decade of instability? Dick Cheney never said anything about that.
Court has been also maintains the situation in Iraq is far more likely to compound U.S. problems with Islamic movements than reduce them and will probably produce a significantly less secular regime over time.
That is if a secular regime does emerge from the political mess in Iraq and Court has been asserts the U.S. is having mixed success in Iraq in part because it failed so dismalily to effectively prepare for conflict termination, nation building, security missions and the risk of low intensity conflict.
And because the Bush administration's ideological view of Iraq and the region was badly decoupled from reality.
De-coupled from reality, I like that.
How can one act reasonably or rationally in a situation born of delusion?
Some things broken cannot be repaired.
Yes, moaning will not make things better unless, of course, the Bush's replacement and non-delusional minds ought to try to find a path out of this mess.
But it never should be forgotten that Bush waits in elective war based on a funny rationale that he did not prepare for the easy to force the aftermath and that he rushed in with his stick and that he unleashed the hornets they're his fault.
That's David Courant in the nation.
He poked with a stick just like you were saying.
And then we were saying you were saying something about sticking back in the hornet.
So Joe Castell has got 40 bucks out there and it's all a few toys and people are finally showing up.
Let's not sell them short, Joe. He's really doing it or so he says.
And what was that he was talking about? His money. He's raised for me in the past. What century was that? What did he dream that?
Talk about delusional.
Okay, here's the facts. Well, boy, the facts are just pouring in here.
I looked on the internet and found some author named Brendan Eicherner Express explains and precedes you that your man of horn was that...
Roy!
Under when has been referred to as either a decompressive... What is that crane electomy or hemocraniectomy?
The former is considered a slightly less risk. Oh, I don't want to read all this about what's his name.
Roy! You? No, no.
I don't want to hear about his brain that used to be there. Thanks anyway, but we don't want to hear about it.
Jimbo says, someone called her a fact you were earlier about Russell Crowe being a racist.
I have a similar story. I went last summer to LA to visit my best friend as I usually do.
We go out and hang. I too came across Mr. Crowe went up to him to shake his hand and the mother ever looked at me and started laughing as if to say,
do you think I'll actually shake that... Negro hand of yours? I don't want to say Nigger.
No.
He didn't say like the last caller Schwarzey called me a Nigger.
If it wasn't for that tower he had next to him I'd have kicked his ass.
Oh man! That's really lovely, isn't it?
Yeah.
Nice guy.
No, he's not.
But that was a good movie. We like the movie. We just hate his guts.
Okay, Russell Crowe makes this sick or stomach.
Just because you're talented is not make you a nice person.
Of course not! There's this plenty of people in show business that's why we're taking this pool.
You look up and down this list. I challenge you to name the other than Jack Nicholson who I like.
And I mean you don't know these people personally, okay?
So you never really know if somebody's a nice person until you know them, but...
But yeah, let's face it.
Is there much debate? We got a flat footed tie for first place.
Rosie O'Donnell and the gloved one.
Rosie and Michael Nick and Nick knows the nose.
I think she's got a leg up there.
Look at Russia who rushed up the list.
63 apiece for them and Russia's just Russian.
Oh, Russia?
That would explain a lot.
No, he'd be drinking vodka if he was Russian.
Maybe he was. Russian's by the way don't want to part him.
Russia's got 44. Those former Cami Bashards don't want nothing to do with him.
Deon Sanders doing very good.
The 36. He'd be doing good.
J.L.29 and Colter 18 at Skanky's Scabby Bitch.
Whitney Houston, Nancy Grace tied 12 apiece.
Maybe we can get Bobby Brown to be a Nancy Grace next time.
Oh, given money.
Oh, Bill Mars got 11. Dennis Miller 10.
Ben Aflox got 9.
What is it? What?
Film a great.
List Taylor 6 just in Takeer Bell 6. Robert Downey, Jr.
No relation to Joe Mars Jr. He's got 5.
Perreault and 5.
Boba Streisand 5.
Russell Kroes got 4.
That bigoted piece of crap.
Nicole Kidman 4. Jerry Lewis.
Hello, lady.
He's got 4.
Ellen D. Generatt has got 3.
Dike.
Oh, and see, not that we don't like dice.
We just don't like certain ones.
And she and Rose here are two good examples.
Speaking of that, you know, there have been a lot of those rumors about Oprah, you know?
Yeah, I know what you don't want to mess with her with all that money.
Oprah's got 2. Jack Nicholson 2.
Kanna Reeves has got a pair.
Mel Gibson only won.
And Jessica Simpson only won.
Out of 368 votes.
Cut her some slack for Jessica.
She's just a moron.
Absolutely.
And help it.
They cut her slack because of a rack.
Or you're going to start with that rack stuff?
I rack.
It's okay if you say I rack, but not just plain old rack.
Perreault learned at the hardware.
You know what I'm saying?
Brandon and Holly Wood said he's got a website.
This link will take you to a homepage called the Propaganda Remix project.
They bring a collection of retouch propaganda posters updated for today's political and social climate.
My personal favorite set of ones, leaving with Fox News and Cheap Oil, is a right.
Says my father and I have been listening for years now.
We love your show.
Thank you, Brandon and Holly Wood.
PS and colder takes it.
Oh, man.
And colder takes it in the can.
Yeah.
He must be talking about that.
Tune as she's been swallowing lately.
This is sports waiting for five seconds.
You weigh in.
The one to do our.
Why not?
I thought Christie and the tea was fairy tales.
Absolutely.
This religion thing was not for me.
They held a big convention.
They let me in for free.
I had no idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongues.
That they'd make me a believer.
It was kind of fun.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Speaking tongue.
They got me believing my tongue can weave in from side to side.
I thought my tongue was a feat.
But now whatever I do, you forgive me.
Oh, now I speak in tongues.
That makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Playing around with fire now.
Now I speak in tongues.
I'm having fun.
I'm having fun.
I'm having fun.
Look who's moved in a strong third place and his honest way of overtaking Michael and the Rosie.
I can't wait.
He's on Rosie's hands.
He'll soon be mounting Michael.
The Rushman, the Rushmeister.
This might help Joe Castella out there.
This might soften up some of our listeners out there who aren't cleaning the loose with a cash this year.
Puppy owner Sue Pines pets director dog falls ill and die.
Okay.
What?
Well, it's a terrible story.
Yeah.
And I think that if we start thinking about the animals, see, that's the thing to me.
This whole part of this religion crap.
Well, man has a soul and the other animals are just there for our amusement.
Well, what an arrogant obnoxious discuss.
I bet you in the Golden Retriever Bible doesn't say that.
That's right.
And in their Bible, it just is, you know, just wag your tail and humor them.
Their animals anyway let them lose their souls, something like that.
So that's what really irritates me is that it's always an excuse.
Well, I've been just here for our convenience.
It's really tragic.
It's all guaranteed that most dogs are a hell of a lot better than most of the people on our poll list today.
Hell of a lot better.
Puppy owner Sue Pines pets director dogs fall ill and die.
Six people claiming their puppies became sick or died filed a lawsuit yesterday against the Pemberpines pet store when they purchased the where they purchased the animals.
So says today's son sentinel.
The six plaintiffs, including a mother and son who bought one of the puppies, claimed the owners of Wizard of Claws, misrepresented the quality of its puppies violating state law.
Three dogs died to our alive the suit States.
The Sue filed an empowered circuit court come six weeks after a lawsuit was lodged against Puppy Palace Inc.
A pet store with locations in Hollywood and Boynton Beach.
That suits nine plaintiffs claim the stores also misrepresented the quality of its puppies.
In a suit filed against the Wizard of Claws, the plaintiffs said the puppies hold by the store were sick with genetic diseases such as hip displays, you're obliting the store to random ammonia.
The plaintiffs, including two South Florida residents, has to be reimbursed for the price of their dogs and vet bills.
Terry Vamsal, a Cooper City, was searching for a papillon puppy. What is that? Is it a butterfly?
I've never heard of it. A papillon puppy and found a newspaper at the letter to Wizard of Claws.
In July 2002, she bought an eight-week old puppy for 950 bucks named her Tara.
Four months later, the puppy went blind, became sick and later died from a congenital problem called Hydrocephalus, a condition in which excessive fluid is found in the brain.
The state Tara suffered as an understatement said Vamsaloweda that she accumulated over 25 or 100 bucks in veterinary bills.
I did my research, saw the price was average. They said they worked for a select group of breeders.
I usually get my dogs from animal control of the Humane Society, but I wanted a papillon that not easy to come by.
After Tara died, Vamsal researched the internet. There she said she found other people who said Wizard of Claws sold them sick dogs.
What they've done and what they continue to do, I want to see them get shut down. She said she was given another puppy as a replacement.
Some plaintiffs and other animal activists planted demonstrate 11 o'clock tomorrow morning near the store at 91-13 Tastry.
Jim Anderson, the manager for Wizard of Claws, which is owned by his wife, Gilda, said he is sold about 3,800 dogs in two years with 80% coming from internet sales.
How do you buy a dog on the internet?
And buy anything?
No, I understand that, but how do you get it? What do they do? Shippity in a sealed box?
Well, they poke holes in it.
This is six people in 4,000 a matter. What you doing a matter? How hard you try? They won't be happy.
He said as he stood outside the store while looking over a carpet of lawsuit, we're not interested in selling sick animals.
We are lovers of animals. Anderson said his store is not violating any state law.
The dog gets his dogs only for mercenable breeders and guarantees dogs genetically for one to three years.
Macy La Hart, who was acting as co-counsel for the Wizard of Claws plaintiffs, also has the lead attorney for those who sued puppy palace lead October.
Since then, she said she's heard from about 90 people who bought dogs from puppy palace and cleaned the animal suffered from congenital defects and became sick.
I hope anyone that will be adding a new forelegant member to the family during the holidays will not support puppy mills by buying from a pet store,
especially when a thousand dogs and cats are killed in South Florida, shelters every month La Hart said.
Well, they're not killing any abandoned pet restores. They don't kill no animals there. That's one of the main reasons I support them.
That's the whole bag.
Right. They don't kill animals. They take care of them. They find home form and they make them sure that they get to people who take care of them well.
I will say this though. I told you this before to show. I bought my dogs from a puppy store, from a pet store.
I'm not defending those stores. One way or the other, I don't know.
But I'm just telling you, in Tamarack, I'm according to University New York, just out the commercial earth, probably not even still there.
In fact, now I think it's part of a chain. It's still there, but it's something else.
Look what a great job I did.
Right.
Now, seriously, I had two fine dogs. I got no complaints. Maybe a little crap on the floor tiny, but other than that, our little dog came from a store.
We didn't buy them. He was given to us, but nevertheless came from a store.
So I think we can get a little bit carried away, but I just read that story to tug at the heartstrings of people who really love dogs and even cats.
Because, you know, abandoned parrotsque is a good charity. It's a good cause. And animals are just as damn important as these people on our list that they use an example.
And it helps a lot smarter than many of them, including our president, our president and chim.
By the way, precious on passion is pissed off about those pictures.
She don't want to be associated with him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Which show business public figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass?
Raccoons.
Pops the biggest roe on your butt.
WQAM.
Not there. I can't imagine why I only been rattling for like a half an hour.
Should I apologize?
No.
Just a joke. WQAM.
Nobody there.
QAM Line 6. It's always the kiss of death. Hello.
Oh!
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Neil, I hang on a second. I've got a whole forever. I just want to roll up my windows. I can hear you better. I'm sorry.
How you doing? Happy holidays.
And back to you, sir. Same time.
Hey, can I get some thunder, Neil?
Can you get some one?
Some of you know that Neil God thunder?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
How about some thunder down under?
Isn't that the outback where they have the thunder down under? That's what I hit from those Afghans, Boris.
WQAM.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil?
Yeah.
Yeah, I was listening to Radio Show yesterday and I was choosing the girls reading this letter, an open letter to President Bush. Did you hear about that?
No.
It was in some newspaper. I'm not telling you that you got newer. Newer came from or...
Was this Randy? Was this Randy Rhodes?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. She was reading on the air. I was in my truck and I couldn't hear because there was someone static.
I don't know. I don't listen to Randy whether I'm there or a long ways away.
Randy.
What?
Hello, Randy.
What?
Are you listening to me? No.
Well, I suppose I have all that information that George Bush knew about 9, 11 and all that pretty incriminating stuff.
Yeah.
If you can find it and it might be interesting for people to listen to you.
Okay. Well, call up Randy and find out what it wasn't. Call us back.
Why is he calling me about that?
560.
I'm going to call him.
560.
I'm going to call him.
560, on a AT&T in Verizon.
Warless Line.
You know, I did forget to play the...
Up the button.
Up the button.
Up the button.
Up the button.
Which to be honest with you, I'm not really sure if I like that better or...
Randy.
What?
Hello, Randy.
What?
Are you letting me know?
Oh, I like that better.
Do you like that better?
Yeah, I did.
Look at this pool, man.
We are developing a battle here that is just astronomical.
406 votes.
And we got Wichobas Pigger, the biggest pin in the ass.
Rosie O'Donnell 66, Michael Jackson 66, and Rush!
58.
The Oncentres 4th of this in 37.
He is in over-contained.
We do know okay.
But man, those top three are in a battle life and death.
Knows to nose.
Those who think that maybe in the end, Michael will get noseed out.
Well, he could just take his off the throw.
66, 66, and Rush is up to 60.
Wow.
56705, 60, pound, 56, on the 18th team of Resonoir.
Let's find out if we get George tomorrow.
Tendonune at Tiger Direct.
7795 West Flag Restreet.
Stop out of wind prizes.
Pick up your rest in the emergency.
Nice to drop off your toy donations.
And, you know, Chris George wants to help out Mark as well.
Because otherwise he won't continue getting those good drugs.
Right.
From George.
Here's a line 9 that we like a lot of QAM.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
I got one for your poll.
You know, I think that'd be one or two people.
One.
Okay, Julia Roberts, man.
Oh my god, she's annoying.
A lot of people, hey there.
Wait, when she comes out with a new movie, man.
Everywhere you see her face on a magazine, it's like, oh god.
Oh my god.
What's your got to do?
Keep your guts up.
Makes you want to slice off your penis.
Do you want to cast something?
Yeah, what?
Oh, question, man.
If a chick has a heart attack, does that diminish her sexness in any way?
Like with Julia Roberts here, like have like a heart attack and stuff?
Do you like, look at her, is like, painted?
No, I'll go pork her and get back to you.
All right, all right.
Thanks, man.
Talk to her later.
Good luck to you, pal.
I don't understand.
He doesn't, he hates Julia Roberts, but he wants to do her.
Of course, that's, you know, that's those guys.
That's those heterosexual guys.
They don't care.
You look the smacker while he's a doer.
I mean, at least quasi-modo liked as Marilda a little bit.
Yeah, likes her a lot.
She gave me Wolta.
WDQAM.
Yeah.
I like to put a bit in for Rush, can I speak to Niel?
Where you come from?
Wolta.
Here's Wolta, Niel.
Niel?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Uh, yeah, about Rush.
You thinking you're stortin', those pills are what?
Chewing.
5 6 7 0 5 6 9 0 5 50, 5 6 10 8 18 8.
haha
by the way we have two hundred and twenty dollars
get out of here
two hundred and twenty bucks and you want to know why cuz i kept banging away
in pounders like i did yesterday
that's okay i have no shame
it's a very good cause i really believe it in very strongly
and you always do a good thing with the toys for tots or whatever it is called it
uh... the toy drive and so you know do something
get off your dinner arses and do something please thank you those who do
the rest of your
you know your cheap
two hundred twenty bucks and you'll be there two o'clock
where's it singular wireless nineteen twenty south university drive in diving
i mean that's one of the reasons that there are as many people as it plus
he said it's hard to park
but they're in the middle
maybe they're horse and are likely to drop a load on the road
on the way there's a plenty of different kind of people in the video let me tell
you right now different kind of people you know i mean
you have a different from what
different from your regular pedestrian kind of people like when our lives in
david
see what i'm saying
how you doing Wayne and Hudson and all the mother going over there
one thirteen at five sixty wq and eft iron out of repair is a great place to
take your car you'll find them at fifty eighty three north federal highway just
a mile and a half north of sample road and pompadabeech
because you can trust these folks to do a spectacular job
at eft iron out of repair experience the difference that experience makes
all eft mechanics are a sc certified technicians
current with the very latest technology and must have been with the eft team for
almost twenty years most of them have been the eft team has got over two hundred
combined years of experience
no job is too bigger to smaller the f from a blown fuse to a blow engine
from a seventy three to a day to an oh four Bentley eft iron out of repair does
it all all jobs are meticulously scrupulously double check for accuracy by the
shop for men every car is cleaned upon completion of the work to
eft honors most extended warranties and they offer you why you wait service
i'm most repairs that's eft iron out of repair you'll ever get ripped off
there there are fifty eighty three north federal highway and pompadabeech
called nine five four four two six ninety nine twenty six
that's nine five four four two six ninety nine twenty six when you talk to
these folks ask them about their ninety days in his cash no interest credit card
eft iron out of repair their nationally recognizes one of the most
successful auto motor repair facilities anywhere in the u.s. of a at eft
their motto is nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your
business
we're sports video five sixty two eight
two eight
frick his favorite couple nick lishay and jesica simpson celebrate the season
mtv style in a nilly wed's christmas i'm nick lishay and i'm jesica simpson and it's time to
deck the malls with brows of jolly nick and jesica invite you into their home to trim the trees
yes what are you doing i'm watering the tree baby
but it's an artificial tree sometimes i am such a dance i should be using artificial water
listen as they tell the story of christmas to a group of adorable children
that first christmas night the shepherds marveled at the sight of baby jesus
uh... they knew if jesus i had shadow there'd be six more weeks of winter
and join the newly wed's in singing their favorite christmas carol
and you see that she's dumb dumb dumb dumb
but he's still married me i'm dumb dumb dumb
come celebrate the holidays with a little dumber girl and her same name
a newly wed's christmas and for all you talk about uh... her fake boobs and
everything else you do her in a heartbeat yeah there you go have a heartbeat
what i got to do with it i'm like i'm not gonna do her brain
oh well i'm not
something about how i got somebody who's brain you can do
that's bad that was terrible
new specter gun and girl claim all know from the daily news i hate that
story or feel specter
poor man i'm fine every on that's record have we know that i looked
feverishly scouting my baby by the run as dammit
why is that so hard to find i can find all the other uh... i even organized
everything right uh... can't find it
all right that's bad news the canadian dollars back up again what does that say
seventy six points up again and the the euro is over a buck twenty two
jesus the american dollars worth a uh... freaking dime no more
i guess just a close to homes real good idea
ready for that
but twenty two on the euro anyway l.a sheriff's officers want a question in
new york woman who claims record producer full specter once forced to
racon point to perform all sex
constantly that testimony from topless dancers sandy cane
may help the prosecution claim that specter for lack of his line of class in my
family
cancels her horrible encounter with specter happened about twenty five years ago
on a night that began to be now closed in prop comedy club on ninth avenue
i played guitar in those days he tells us i was twenty one i thought
wow it's full specter he might help give me a break
lanacarcin probably thought the same thing
canes his specter invited her into his limo along with sibling performers
nino tempo in april stevens wow
i guess he wanted her to turn a deep purple
comic cany cramer who inspired michael richard's character on sign fell was
also in the car he would cause that on the way to the brasser restaurant specter
showed us his
gun canes as specter later invited her up to a suite in the central park south
hotel he started chasing me around the rooms is keen finally he held me down
and started kissing me he wreaked of booze he asked me to give him oral sex i
said i don't do that that's when he pulled out a gun and said
you'd better he said i'm gonna shoot once you decide which way it's gonna be
that would have been good line wouldn't good for who i said hey relax
girl i love you i'm a big fan he put the gun away i did what he wanted when
your life is in danger you do what you have to i left immediately after
where i didn't go to the police because i was scared i was a topless dancer i
felt they would blame me specter 33 was charged last month with murdering
carcin canes since he's making allegations now because she wants
justice done lieutenant dan Rosenberg and
detective with the li's shares homasoburo spoken with canes
asked the brothers that made similar allegations Rosenberg said
we did get some information but well can't get into it
specter attorney bobby chapero
oi did not respond to several messages asking for comment on canes claim but
insisted to splint did not kill person bobby chapero like i said
mark gary ghost bobby chapero johnny's cocking bobby chapero
mark gary ghost and anti-grace the same talking as many just want to puke
where we're drowning in a sea of talking head assholes or drowning in
i still say mark ergo's gonna be over two that's a good call
because uh there's no question that the lacy Peterson was murdered by our husband
i mean that's that's uh no brainer it's a slandunk as they say
and the michael michael motorcycle stuff inspired the
angst at the uh real uh hysteria there i noticed they even misfudge today it's
always hysterical she's got the thing on there for about the germane
making us ridiculous things about michael was abused by the authority
easing he was made by my i'm misfudges the right wing hysterical self-hating
fact website you ready for that pulled my leg hands out they pulled it they twisted
the thing i think in fact i might even take a puke at it
michael jackson mistreated and custody is what it says
where do you finally find that or look at that from some uh wftb in florida
what how is that
so on the west coast obviously i never heard of that
ft anyway michael jackson's brother said the pop star was physically mistreated
while in custody the center of our barbershopes department which by the way they
said he's full of crap
germane jackson told msnbc an interview broadcast last night his brother has proof
he was very very much mistreated he declined to get specific saying only the
pictures will show you everything to which you'll probably say you call that a penis
right they yanked five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it's just
amazing that people were so anxious to like uh try to get him off the hook
or just get him off or maybe they'd like to get him off could be
ill maybe miss fudge we're like a three way well like i said
a lot of openings for that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
AT&T and Verizon wireless line which joe bus figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass
the way to qa m
i it's not how you doing what is it this is not i just dropped toys over the mok and david
i want to talk to Neil thank good oh thanks man this is Neil only i don't big guy good
we have a great time a yes mark about the uh not mark i'm sorry i was y'all about the
schlepper and the uh red browser was chasing big drama you guys you have a good day take care
he's got to be doing something out there okay it is that time of the year when it's time to give
and get right given receive right and receive and receive five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line wqa m hello yes sir the new roger show yes it is i don't
need to talk to Neil what i was just thinking is good it may make a great show if you contacted
the lawyer for the EPA or the EPA itself to find out what bush with his direct edict rather than
going through any legislative body is trying to do to all the EPA rulings that was set down and
Clinton that would make a hell of a show for somebody else right would i make a great show
i think i'll uh i'm sorry i'll give you a clue who to call
let's get somebody from the EPA on or let's just get somebody on from the EPA
do it the Canadian way how's that the Toronto weather Neil for uh Paul Castanova who's
keeping the diary on it by the way we store and there's an opening in qa and we have to memo up
or we're still not going to hire you Paul we should put this on the website minus three no let's not
minus three right now it is at twenty eight twenty six twenty seven and it's a little murky out there
but i had a little bit of snow on the ground but it's going to be like uh all the web to zero today
which is not dirty man it's not too bad i just passed that look as i know Paul really gets a big kick
out of my computer to run or weather every once in a while then religious the tyrant school of
French panel says it goes to show those frogs even though they smell pretty bad a report delivered
to president Jacques Chiracier that he called for a new law banning the wearing of conspicuous
religious symbols in French public schools large crosses for Christians headscarves from Muslim
girls or skull caps for a Jewish voice the recommendation was the most striking and an official
reassessment of how to preserve the principle of the separation of religion and state and
France and light assess developments as the rise of a large Muslim population and a new wave of
anti-semitism the principle and that principle reports it will be guaranteed by impartiality in
banning of all conspicuous religious symbols in official institutions but individuals using those
institutions not be barfamaring discrete symbols for example like medallions small crosses stars of
David hands of phantom up or small carans little teeny tiny one what about a little beanie little
a little teeny tiny beanie but only a little teeny tiny weeny 26 past one at five sixty w can
us do a show on the EPA all right let's get some whistleblowers on here or like Phil Spector
let's just get some blowers on here boy oh boy Phil Spector yeah i'm gonna have to play that
let it be naked but i don't think so unlike it that much do you it's okay for monday 27 after one
a qm if you want to give your home a new style a solid a season replace that tarot or carpeting
and do it by calling our good friends at lamin and saras there the easy low maintenance alternate
to natural flooring which looks great but boy it is expensive lamin and saras is the best place
to find laminated wood flooring from perid or pergol Wilson art uniform and quick step and all
of lamin and saras flooring is installed by pergol certified installers who know their crap inside a newt
another good reason to call lamin and saras their prices are unbeatable that's right right now get
their holiday special for just fourteen hundred ninety five bucks which gets you after two hundred
ninety five square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is positively and lamin and
saras will match any legitimate written offer to you can't beat him with a stick for a free and
home estimate call lamin and saras toll free one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six
nothing could be easier for you to give your free carpet disposal free furniture moving and
a twenty five year warranty so this holiday season give a gift to your home a brand new style with
beautiful laminated wood flooring call lamin and saras today toll free and tell me old Neil ancient
Neil Tony to call that miserable old prick Neil Tony to call one eight seven seven seven seven
seven thirty three thirty six five five and look all this is for trade oh five six
way
pick your bad day to witness the blue he do the rest of the limba out sing off the walls in a
rehab room he do the rest of the limba
he do the rest of the limba
one
non
others
I'm a little girl in my dream
I'm a little girl in my dream
I'm a little girl in my dream
I'm a little girl in my dream
I'm a little girl in my dream
Under the rug is where the story's going
He do the rust-druck limbaugh
Damage controls who they can fit in holding
He do the rust-druck limbaugh
Limbaugh
Limbaugh
He do the rust-druck limbaugh
Limbaugh
Limbaugh
He do the rust-druck limbaugh
Ow!
I was compelled to play that because Russia's made the big move you were anticipating
Look at that pull
He's moved from nowhere which we left him out to give everybody else a little head start
No chance
Wow
Look at that
Which show business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass?
Rush Limbaugh 85 is pulling away in the stretch big time
Rosie O'Donnell 72
Michael Michael La Motorcycle 70
The on Sanders 38 J. L. O. 32
And colder 26 that's Skanky Bitch
Wait till you're this story cannibal can make a movie
Remember that story I had about the German guy that ate somebody carved him up
You eat people?
I ate his liver with some froth of beans and a nice candy
Oh
Oh
Well he's got a bad aftertaste
A German cannibal is holding talks with several film companies on a movie deal about his grizzly story
His lawyer said that today it is murder trial
Armin Mew is 42 has already begun writing his memoirs in jail
They'll detail how he killed carved up an eight of victims he says he wanted to die
A three-year-old urmel said during a break in the trial
Urmel would not come out on reports of the deal of potentially millions of dollars was on offer
The lawyer said the dead man a 43-year-old engineer had a death wish
It would have chosen someone else to kill him
And even if he hadn't found you as via the internet
How do you like that?
So if you want to eat somebody go on the internet
Okay
You're fine
You'll find lots of people out there who are just Jones and to be eaten won't you?
You bet
Trust me
Speaking of that how is Joe Castella doing out there at that joint out at whatever it is?
Seems like a wireless
Yes
250
No
Kind of slowed down a little bit after we had that big brush
That big rush
250
Well you know what like you said before we'll take it
Which gives us a 46,398
What do I say at the beginning of the day I'd be happy with the 46,5?
Right?
Won't happen
You need 100 and two bucks
Well it might happen
It might happen
You never know you've got another 25 minutes till two
Joe Castella was sitting there begging and pleading his entire career is hinging on it
Singular wireless 1920 South University drive and Davy
Bring some toys and bring some cash for band of paper rescue
And then little dogs and putty cats
ABC News decision angers Krasinich and Braun
ABC News is it will stop having producers travel full time with a presidential campaigns of Carol Mosley Braun
Dennis Krasinich and Al Sharpton
How come he's not in the headline I think it's a racial thing
Although she is, she's lighter
The network says it's a routine coverage decision but it has angered Braun and Krasinich especially after the Ohio Congressman had a
Test the exchange with ABC News's Ted Coppill during Tuesday to wait in New Hampshire
I didn't see it did you?
No
Thank God ABC said the change was designed to better deploy forces for the upcoming Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary
The producers had been traveling with the three candidates will continue to follow the campaigns by phone
Even if these candidates don't frequently make it on the air on ABC News
The producers assigned them to contribute to the note
A widely read internet newsletter devoted to presidential politics
NBC News is it has young correspondence to sign to follow each of the nine candidates
CBS monitors each campaign but let's never full time staffer with each
Krasinich says while campaigning yesterday in New England college
I don't think ABC should be the first primary the first primary should not be on a television network
Braun followed a following a former Concord High School in New Hampshire since she was sorry to hear ABC News producer was leaving
If they don't want to help me get my message out then I have to find alternative ways to do it
She said I think it's a terrible commentary however on the state of the media if their idea of democracy is only relating to those candidates for the most money
Krasinich criticized copled during Tuesday's debate for beginning with a question about Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean
Later he was angry when coppile asked whether he brown and sharp in our in this sort of a vanity candidacy
Krasinich replied that maybe he may be inconvenient for some of those in the media but I'm sorry about that
They were really pissed off at couples questions as an asshole
On Thursday Krasinich noted ABC's coverage decision and his criticism during the debate second appears ABC may have taken it personally
In other words this was business and they're taking it personal at ABC
He should have just gone over and just reached out and pulled the couples piece right off his head
You know what would have been great absolutely I'd have paid then I would have watched I thought that was a comb over
No it's a are you 10 couple right it's a how do you do any hairpiece man you better get with it
A comb over a man
Rush Limbaugh is pulling away I'm impressed I said even I'm impressed by the astonishing
Lasting power this tub of crap 90 votes he's just rushing away from them like they're lying in the prone position
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's get a few more names on here before we leave for the weekend got to get the least 20 maybe
What's the point why not probably some very anxious people we've left off here
Showed this figure there got to be some people we haven't I mentioned this people that hate lies and mannelly
What's up like me I can't stand lies and mannelly she makes me sick she makes me want to bar put her on there
Okay lies a freaking manily so tired of all of her breakdowns and all of her husbands and all of her divorces
In fact, she's like Liz June and Liz Taylor light is what she is Liz light Liz light
That's kind of like that Jesus juice
The way
I'm on a noisy mobile. Hello you
Yes sir
Are you a failure? There you go Dave Friedman
By the way, we're going to send fat boy to your house this weekend he's going to take a jog and dump right in the middle of your living room Dave
He can rekindle your old friendship WQ I am
Yeah, let me speak to you. I got a good joke from
There's a guy I wanted to speak to me with a good joke. I'll take it off here. Oh WQ I am hello
Yeah, it's a job from Heston there
Charlton Heston is not on there. Why should be there though? Okay, Zagasant
That's a good one. I don't want to lead him on too long because he's a good guy but he's a little bit
You son of a bitch getting out of control again, Eka. Charlton Heston should be on there
Doug
Michael Moore just ate him for lunch. It was a beautiful thing. And look what I just wrote I wrote Charlton Moore
How about Clayton Moore in the low and range here, huh? What am I writing him down for anyway?
This is all strictly in your hands you and the fat man you and Eric
21 till 2 we got the mad dog at 2 the Humber at 4 including the big Dave Wons that show at 5
How come he still the coach didn't even fired already?
He's like, what else wrong with you? What you waiting for? If they get blown up by the Eagles Monday night
Which is the overwhelming likelihood they will my prediction is that'll be bye bye for Dave Wons that that'll be the end
I could be wrong. I think he'll be the next one right on the heels of Dan Reeves
Maybe they can pop some so court together Panther preview at 7 we got the Panthers hosting the
Or Montreal, Canadian 7 30th Macarena don't forget to get your Jeff rumor Denise Pop Van
Bobblehead doll anybody want one? Oh, yeah the first 5,000 kids who come in whether you're
Pay or not
Are you serious about that? That's a two headed doll and say two headed monster you got it really? Yeah, well I guess I got to see it
Anyway, that's it 7 30 80 K followers the hockey game in we got the spn radio overnight so that's that's the agenda
20 till 2 a.m. And have you ever tasted one of those meal replacements like the one I was telling you about yesterday?
Check out how much sugar they have now
There's a great product that tastes great sugar free and it won't make your cramp your brains out
Antirex diabetic is truly the best tasting meal replacement drink ever formulated for people with diabetes
And for people looking for a reduced sugar intake it's a lot better than that Jesus do so say to that
It's sweetened with splendor brand sucrelo so there's no nasty aftertaste like eat with those drinks that use saccharine or
Aspartame and rest of that is a complete balanced nutritional supplement that tastes great provides fiber and antioxidants
Yet is low in saturated fat and cholesterol and rest of that is also gluten and lactose free
And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians alike
So don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're short on time try interrex diabetic once you'll never go back to the crap used to be drinking before
The makers of interrex diabetic are so positive that you'll try that you'll love it that they want to let you try for free
That's right just for the asking you can have a sample of interrex diabetic go to their website
www.interrex diabetic.com that's e-m-t-e-r-e-x diabetic all one word interrex diabetic.com or column at their toll free number
And get yourself a free sample one eight six six three six eight seventy thirty seven thirty nine that's one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine
Tom the cranky old Neil sent you long for the delicious one. What's that ever again do it right this time one eight six six three six eight thirty seven thirty nine
My and look all six is four 205 60
Way to a
Yeah
Bring what's better than a live radio show every morning on TV? Well just about anything but that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeming up with radio's original bad boy who now looks like an
Asti old lady listen, Bernie I'm a sell at internist coffee
Suck yes every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's County this live on the air
I need a hammer to bite into this moment. Somebody best press on blade like you see his wild behind the scenes addicts
The race of a family I've annual wallers cook cook at you now get me some fresh coffee or your fire
I miss he's irreverent. So I wasn't able to pull these topical. I was to deal with this water game
I'm in coherent. I'll tell you what that
government president
I'm a
Sandy and he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listens to
And let somebody get some fresh jiggle it's I miss
147 be sure miss that anyway, I was watching sexy beast. I was trying to last night
I couldn't get in with I don't think it's gonna be like a beautiful mind where I started watching it
And I did the finishing turn out to be a damn good movie. Well think about beautiful mind is once you realize what's going on
And then all of a sudden then becomes riveting right but it takes a hell of a long time to get from here to there
Well, it fools yet, but sexy beast were bent Kingsley plays this nasty hateful obnoxious
thug and Ray Winston is like retired from the thuggery business, you know no longer a gangster and
It seems like 90% of the movie depart that I was he's just a bank. Kingsley is trying to talk him
You know what well you're gonna do this job and you're gonna do it. No, I'm not and they you know
Pounds on a little bit and yeah, you are and I'm not you know
I'm just sitting around the pool and yes he is and this one is banging his wife and that's it
I just wish they would have named it something else
Well, a beast of course
That throws a dark shadow over the entire thing in fact when he comes to work it throws a dark shadow over most of the block
Beast will be full-end for George next week by the way. He'll be sitting in your chair. Oh, well, I better swap it out then
Huh, maybe he'll leave you something
This about the beast is he never stank up chairs when he sat on him unlike
Some people we know
That I was thinking about her what Neil said about you
He said you stay in the chair one time and she did a court. I was thinking about somebody else
You're thinking about Josh Friedman because you want to take another gratuitous shot at him sure
What where is he working now? Is he overrun the 940 or something? I know I'll go ask one of the guys can tell you sure
That this Josh
Somebody can tell you Josh dream. I'm telling I heard somebody mentioned his name
Then he's working on one of these supposed sports stations in town or somewhere better than us. That's all I can say man
I'll just inch
So sexy beast that you never saw no no, no, no, okay, no
Why but it's not about as movies it's so highly
Totted and it's this and it's that maybe it's one of those you have to sit down under underrupted and just become fixated
I can't stick with that I had no I never heard it highly touted who told you it was good well on the sleeve it says
Oh
Well, and then it must be on the sleeve they had to nerve to actually put rave reviews as opposed to people down to the truth like
Hey, don't buy this it really sucks. You know stuff like that
Imagine that yeah plus plus that guy that had me the long facts before he was right
How could we have left off London when we did that pool last week where you find the ugliest people in the world
See I was so inspired by my trip to Montreal that I really was focusing zeroing in on them
But the British are a hundred times earlier than those grotesque
Tragolites in Montreal
Or you you wouldn't believe it you just you couldn't even begin to imagine the percentage of ugly people in Britain believe you
Me I feel like a beautiful guy there like a beautiful mind and behind
Man are they grotesque it must be a genetic thing and like he said take a look at the world family
Mm-hmm with all the buck teeth, you know in the big ears the big sounds and keep it mine of course the batonburgs
Aren't British anywhere the Truman which is really strange because
The German people are beautiful most of them ones under 81
That's what they had to go to England. They got kicked out the ones who maybe that's what the Hitler did all the other ones
They had to ship off the England to go in WQ I am
Yes, sir
Listen to you once it is George Bush on that pole
So business figure what show business figure yeah George is George Bush on a pull
Ah, I'm so glad it's almost two o'clock like I said these last three shows have just zip right on by real quick, but ah
I'm glad it's almost two o'clock
Ain't you
We got a final total from Joe Castello. I guarantee you did more than two fifty. I'll bet you were life on it three twenty
See I told you three twenty not bad Joe
First vendor like you for little uh
grease ball I
threw away the final total of them boy my uh I got it
I
Got it relax
going to today we had forty uh five thousand
I don't know what the hell we got we had forty five thousand forty five we did five hundred and three yesterday, right?
Okay, I'm trying to like keep I don't care what he's whatever they don't worry about that
I don't give them else up to do okay after he skims a little
after he won
What you pick it on Miguel again? No, I bet he's back there cheering picking all of that crap that uh that other one used to like take on let's hope
Yeah, I'm are we gonna see her again? Who?
The one that used to be there in promotions that we can't talk about because she's suspendible
We're not supposed to be mentioning it on the air. We don't know you're talking about oh
No, we know one good thing. We like Troy Stratford on this program. All right. Okay. Troy the boy
We like him a lot. We like to rub his bald head. He's like the he's like a slightly darker
Complexed Buddha. Just keep it down to a two drink minimum Troy. That's right. He just can't handle his booze
That's all and he can't handle certain other things all right plus the the side of the side of scurran probably like set him off
You know it sure works for me. It sits me off right outside the dough
Big news how the potty act GMC is now auto city potty act GMC of pinecrest
Expect the same grade kneel deals and customer satisfaction recustom to right now as I speak at auto city of pinecrest
It's an end of the year clearance sale on all remaining 2003's in stock take advantage of 0% financing from the 72 months or
Save yourself $9,000 with rebate and incentives attention lease customers ask auto city of pinecrest about their lease
Pullhead early termination program when in doubt they'll help you pull it out
There's even more great kneels at the new auto city potty act GMC of pinecrest for a limited time just sign and drive home
Your brand new GMC CRO with absolutely no money down
It's the brand new auto city potty act GMC of pinecrest
130 401 saptics you highway that's you us one across in the falls open every stinkin day seven days a week
If you want more info on those great deals call the nearly the hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven keep in mind all offers
Subtracted approval see the folks at auto city potty act for details the brand new and thrilling auto city potty act GMC of pinecrest
Low prices with no high pressure
It's Friday you
you
We're just getting the radio inside.
We're just getting the radio inside.
If there's a reason, then the challenge is gone.
It sounds so safe, no matter where you are.
Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh.
The cyber radio you want we take in place.
They hold the satellite and pull it out and trace.
And find the way for thousands of hours in the pan.
If you expect to get your soul laid on the end.
Take all that not if it's for free.
We're just getting the radio inside.
We're just getting the radio inside.
We're just getting the radio inside.
We're just getting the radio inside.
Find the dead.
158 and 560.
The reason I played that, somebody fast me a story.
Clear Channel Radio Slashes Local News in Wheeling West Virginia.
WWW VA 1170 on your dial.
One of the powerhouses, one of those old A&50,000 Mark Clear Channel back in those days.
Back in the day.
WWW VA, they've made major cuts in local news programming and personnel.
They've eliminated two local talk radio programs and good-bye to the news people.
Following the cuts on Monday, long time, Chief Channel Wheeling News reporter Dave Demarest resigned.
And outing his decision on the year live.
Program changes worst schedule.
Take place January 2nd, but he won up to him.
Right before Christmas, time to get ready to blow a whole bunch of people up.
As Clear Channel once again, he says,
a Clear Channel Wheeling is the poster child for Crooked Bird Greed in America.
There isn't seem to be any compassionate little guy and uh- etcetera.
Or of course, for serving community interests.
And, because we're almost out of time,
a man apparently shot himself that at the early day on the X in the daily plans,
the daily plans that Mark's this spot where President Kennedy was assassinated 40 years ago.
Are you ready for that?
Loser.
Witnesses say they saw a man in a camouflage jacket holding a gun on his chest
and lying in the middle of the street on the spray-painted X.
The unofficial memorial maintained by the publisher of a local conspiracy theory publication.
I can honestly see I've seen it all said Ron Rice works at the nearby conspiracy museum in downtown Dallas.
They ain't no conspiracy man.
Rush is leading the poll so far. Hands down.
Which old business figure gives you the biggest pain in the ass?
Rush Limbaugh 112.
We gave everybody else like a standing start to him.
They had a running start.
He passed him like they were laying down.
Rosio, Donald 76, Michael Jackson, 74.
The on Sanders 40, J-Lo 35, and Colder's got...
...but third man.
And the mad dogs coming up next to him ain't nobody don't like the mad dog.
Bye, bye, bye!
The New Watcher Show, on 560, will be QA, the Miami for learning.
When you put it in your mouth, it doesn't stick to your tongue.
That's the food.
Nails.
Yes, good.
Jettley in my mouth.
All right.
