The only sign of life in this miserable
s**t has now. The real Roger's job.
And he's still hot.
W-2-1.
It's Friday, you bastard.
That's all, Murjana.
Hey, Krabler.
Okay buddy?
You've lost it. The bay of pigs should have worked.
Fit there, you make me sick. Get out of Cuba quick.
You also got them rich, you amigo son of a bitch.
This ball we know you like are you behind the striker?
Where were you in 63 did you kill Kennedy?
Where did you get that now?
Are you into masturbation?
Fit there will live the embargo. Cuba will become another kilogram of USA.
USA. We're turning roads, the rats and moths away.
Los it.
Cast flow, get out of Cuba. We just can't use ya.
You've been around way too long.
You've lost it. The bay of pigs should have worked.
Fit there, you make me sick. Get out of Cuba quick.
You also got them rich, you amigo son of a bitch.
This ball we know you like are you behind the striker?
Where were you in 63 did you kill Kennedy?
Where did you get that now?
Are you into masturbation?
Fit there will live the embargo. Cuba will become another kilogram of USA.
USA. We're turning roads, the rats and moths away.
Los it.
I had to play that today to get this started because Miguel.
We got Miguel and the scouts you knew they, Georgia, is laying out.
That was pretty cool.
I'm sure it was. Of course, a lot of those droppings that you folks heard that was Miguel.
That's about the only thing that gets them animated on this show is when it has something to do with.
Fit there, you know, Cuba, Cuba, Cuba, Cuba, Miguel.
That's all he cares about.
Because he's really born in Chicago, we're one of those people.
Yesterday's pull, we better get pulled intensive here.
We were here. I noticed that we didn't really have a crossover there. Did we scot?
No, we didn't.
With far out.
I know he's not having a crossover with Moa at 8 o'clock because he hates him like poison.
I don't know what the reason is. We're not having a crossover with no Moa on this show, which you do it with.
Yeah, probably must be something I did.
While I told the, I told Clarence and Duff that if they go in there and put masking tape over his mouth, we all be in a lot less trouble.
I told him that, but other than that, I didn't know anything.
In fact, I thought that yesterday I went on here in a hysterical defense of my close personal friend, Farrell.
I thought I did that, but evidently, well, maybe he just wants to get that out of there. Can you blame him?
No.
Once again, I don't know. Once again, I don't know. Once again, I don't know. Once again, I don't know.
Not just wins, but wins in a landslide. They love the mad dog.
All right. I want to give you a kiss.
Well, Hanad Ali 96, Fred Rogers 95, Mickey Mouse 93.
See, we could have put all the cartoon characters on there, but Mickey has a special place on his show and a heart to this audience.
Elvis 87, Princess Die 85. Let's all go watch Princess Die.
Bob Hope 81, Johnny Carson 65, Walter Cronkite 45, Lucy 38.
When you thought you were done better than that, Lucy only 38. Jimmy Stewart 27, Clint Eastwood 27, Paul McCartney 26, Jacques Cousteau 23, Andy Griffith 21, John Volusia 18, Jolder Ragnar 17.
Should have done a lot better than that, but a lot of people confused her with Rosanna Dana.
Latenin. And as a result, they hate her like poison because they think that she really is that bitch Rosanne Rosanne.
And then it probably, Miguel likes her too.
Bill Cosby 16, knows how quiet he is. George Burns 15, Harry Carey and Frank Sinatra 14, a piece.
Jackie Gleason 11 after that. Paul Harvey had nine. We had over 1100 votes.
Bob Barker only eight. Now that's amazing. Bob Barker, you'd have thought we'd done better than that one yet.
Eight votes.
Elizabeth Montgomery 7, Maryland Monroe 6, Steve Allen 6, Joe Demas, you'll four in Barbara Eden had only a small pair.
And they're still a small pair. I can't believe that. Barbara Eden had only two. Sometimes you folks just astonished and astound me with your failure to really grasp the situation.
Speaking of that, but I got a whole pile of books here. Can I put them down eventually because I've taken up too much space on my counter?
I just bought these last night. Molly Ivens, Bush Wacked, Life in George W. Bush is America. We'll get these all on our website if Eric ever gets with it.
The lives of George W. Bush mastering the politics of deception by David Corn, that of course the Al Franken book I already had.
Paul Krugman, the great unraveling, losing our way in the new century. And I don't have to do Michael Morboke, because we don't have it yet.
Called Dude, where's my country? But I'm sure I'm going to be getting that over the weekend.
Oh, it is my big pile on the floor. US military officials say two more American soldiers were killed late last night and four others wounded.
The casualties came in an ambush, less than they after the fatal carbombing that killed 10 people including the driver in the same bag that neighborhood.
Anybody out there watch. And I wonder if it was only WNED and Buffalo public television because otherwise we're going to start thinking conspiracy.
There was that great show on front line last night about the Iraq war and about and why do they keep putting Richard Pearl on it?
They must have some obsession with that son of a bitch. They keep talking to this miserable bastard. I'd rather see Mo on there.
But at any rate it was pretty interesting, but at about 935 a little over a half hour into the show.
I started the audio. I was there like every 10 seconds. The audio was screwed up.
And of course WNED and Buffalo was the only PBS station I can get here. So I have no idea whether it was like a network problem, whether it was just a Buffalo affiliate problem, or whether it was like sabotage from the day of Nazis.
And since nobody else there saw it obviously because they were busy. Scott was at the Panther game with 17,000 other people. Oh my god, was also at the Panther game.
Yes, for free. Yes. Yes. And we were like 17,000. I had only 2000 unsolved. No, 2000 empty seats. I don't want to say unsolved because a lot of those seats are giveaways. A lot of them are freebies.
But that's not a bad crowd against a very mediocre Carolina team. Panther's one three to one. There you go.
And everybody's all excited about that. We got the Cubs in a Marlins game three tonight at PPP Park. I heard Wayne actually call in this morning on a mojo.
Yeah, he did. I heard that old baldy. Hey, by the way, Wayne, we don't care whether you weren't Chicago. We're not. We still hate your guts. We still find you obnoxious and disgusting and contentuous and everything else.
What a phony he is. You know, he sold the whole damn team after the 97 series pissed everybody off against the Marlins. And then the same thing with the Panthers. He was there with his obnoxious wife. All those Panther games. He was down. We love the Panther.
Of course, then he sucked everybody in brown in the building of that day. Marina. And then of course he dumped the team after they pretty much deep balled the team anyway. And then these new guys, they haven't got a freaking clue. They have no clue.
They mean well, but they haven't got any idea what they're into. So there was 17,000 people in the last night. I saw about 30 seconds of it on TV. How many?
They don't you think or maybe not? You want to know why? Why Marlins? Marlin game.
See, there's a compete thing going on. Now, where the hell is the I'm looking on the schedule here? What's the story with the Panthers? Oh, the Panther game.
We're farming out to a waxy 790 on Saturday because we have to Marlin Cup game for which of course we actually have an audience maybe for that on radio.
So, you know, but they probably have a what four or five thousand people there for a Saturday's Bruins game. Scott's going to be there because you got three tickets again.
One of the perks of working on this show and free parking. And a free parking pass. We got some tickets. We're going to be a way later and for real nobody's going to believe it though. That's the problem.
How many do you say we got? We got six. Yeah, we have six. We'll prepare for the LA Kings game on my birthday in the last November five.
The Panthers and the Kings at the Macarena and with parking pass for each appear, which will give those a way later on later on what? I don't know about that.
What do you mean by that? Not sure how many parking passes we have. I'll check during break. I thought you just got to tell me before the show that we had parking passes.
Parking passes for each game, not for each seat. I beg your pardon. What?
Parking passes for each game. It doesn't mean they're going to get one parking pass because I'm a season ticket holder. What does that have to do with the six free tickets?
We got no parking passes came with that. You just said we're giving away free parking passes. Well, that's because that's what you told me. Scott's given misinformation again. That's my job.
Here's the first poll today. We got two of them. We got a pair. We had our 1000s poll. Everyone to show yesterday.
Why I just gave the results of 1100 votes. It was they didn't like it because it was too positive. You know, who did?
Oh, this first poll is positive too. They like the second poll better today. First one. Who is the most trustworthy politician alive?
One of our listeners out there. Fact the whole list of these polls. I thought this was kind of interesting. I got a short list.
But you can add to it. Who is the most trustworthy politician alive?
By the way, we're doing screenless today because Scott and Miguel have to pay a lot of attention to each other.
They have to sit there, steer each other down. I got George W. Bush and Ted Kennedy is what I'm not so far.
Why don't want to put all the candidates on there? They have to debate last night.
Hugh Lieberman was attacking Howard Dean and Wesley Clark and everybody else. They said, oh, up yours, you boy. That's what they said. I thought that was great. I thought it took a lot of balls, isn't you?
Huge. And then he started shaking his tits and his waving his pants and all of a sudden stuff. Fladeline is tallest around 1013 at 560 WQM.
Hey, if you're buying a map is the old fashioned way, you better cut the crap because you're really a fool.
All you're doing is helping those expensive furniture store and bedding stores pay for the big overhead.
Why do you want to do that? We didn't sit there and make one easy call and get you the best deal in the world.
Just make the one called a Dallama actress and every day 365 days a year they got the best prices waiting on you on the best merchandise in the world like
Seely, Serta, Temporative, Simmons, King Coyle, Sterns, and Banana Sposter. All you do is call 1-800-MATRUS-MATRUS-MATRUS-RES. No nonsense, no bait and swish, no house brand, no phony promises and best of all.
You don't pay a single dime extra for the best service in the world. When you call 1-800-MATRUS you still get to pick the day in time for delivery like Monday at 2, between 2 and 4, Wednesday between 1 and 3 etc.
Any 2R window 7 days a week from 8 a.m. till 10 p.m. and they actually believe they're not show up on time.
I've been sleeping on a mattress and Dallama actress for a coon's age. Miguel has been procreating on a Dallama actress for quite a while now and everybody loves it.
With low prices, same day delivery if you set up an removal it's easy to see why Dallama actresses rank the best in the world in customer satisfaction.
So it gets sucked in by those mattress rooms or furniture store ads. They just can't match what you get from Dallama actress every single day.
Pick up that phone, make one easy call and be the easiest piece of a transaction you ever make in your life. A piece of transaction called 1-800-MATRUS that's 1-800-MATRUS-RES or you'll find them online at mattress.com.
This is between your prices.
2 a.m.
Baby, come play with these titties.
Hello, I'm Barbara Billings, Lee of the Flower of Marlins. I just thought you might want to know we have season tickets still on sale for 110 bucks.
Why that's less than 5 cents for an exciting game of baseball.
He would want to buy me these, wouldn't he? We got some players or cool names this season like Jesus Sanchez, Joe Fence the Blau, Bad Penny, Ricky Bones, Brother Don Cornelius and Sister Rose, Ryan Dumster, Don Nots, and Nelson V Helper.
If you show up, I guess I will too. Because if you do then I gotta get up.
How it's time to change, baby. Just a couple of short months ago. There were 15 people in that town who really wanted to know Marlins tickets, right?
And on the big thing today, I'm QAIM all day today. If you hear this sound, that means you gotta chance to get a few Marlins tickets except for Russ I've noticed.
Does anybody said we're getting any Marlins tickets the other way? I haven't heard nothing about it.
Now maybe Clarence and Duffer in their two busy playing Ding Dong School of Ferrellus morning didn't have time to give us the exciting news that we're giving away a whole bunch of Marlins Cup game tickets for this weekend.
Am I wrong? No, that's right.
Everybody else on a radio station, all the sports shows are giving away tickets. What do we got? We got squad. We got our Panther King tickets with nobody really wants.
Yeah, they do. What? Yeah, they do. It's free.
John McCain, that's a good name for a list. Thank you, Boca Bob. John McCain. Also, how can I have left out their all liars? Huh?
To give everybody now, it'll be a short list. Who is the most trustworthy politician live? George W. Boyz Ted Kennedy. John McCain or their all liars and anybody else who want to put in there.
Don't put no Jew Lieberman. Okay, we will trust him as far as we could show his tits.
56670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQAM. Hey there. Yes, sir. Bobby Graham. Bob Graham is good. Even though he did drop out, but when in doubt, he had to drop out.
Thank you, sir. We love Bobby Graham. Don't we? He's a good guy. He never stole a freight train. His family. Maybe who the hell knows how they got all that money?
56670560. Let's put the obvious ones on her. How are Dean Wright? Sure. How are Dean? We're not going to put Wesley Clark on there unless somebody suggested because last night he got roasted a little bit and deservedly so because he's a flip flopper.
And for him sitting there saying that he's not I saw the clip this morning. He's not going to attack his democratic colleagues. You know, this is a guy's then Democrat for how many hours?
3rd man. All of a sudden he's a Democrat. And I know a lot of you people out there on the bad way. Oh, we love that Wesley. He's our man. Yeah, because people are phony. They're full of crap. They don't really look beneath the surface.
I am going to play a clip from that PBS show last night, which luckily I recorded before it started with all that noise on there. I think it was sabotage. I think rumcell was like farting into the audio on PBS. Or maybe it was kind of lesed. It smelled like one of hers.
That would be Q. I. M. Yeah, Neil. Paul Buchanan. Paul Buchanan. Yeah. How about Paul? How about Paul Bunyan? What do you say? Huh? Yeah? Nobody he trapped out in a cherry tree and everybody blamed on George Washington. It was Paul Bunyan done it with that long beard. 5 6 7. I realize there aren't too many choices for this, but that's okay. And I noticed that we're not adding those other two or three.
Hey, Eric will get around to it. He's under a lot of pressure this morning. He's busy trying to find the pictures for them books. I had him put out there. That would a Q. A. M. Hello. Hi. Is this Miguel? Yes. Miguel. I think Neil's an enemy. This is slow, but can you ask him about Cousinich because the Cousinich is the only one that didn't give more. He met you about. I don't know. I'm just a nag. I guess I call him too much in Bogum. A hug? I just bugged my bug in my bag. Bogs the fact. You don't know. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm
a man. I'm a man.
didn't see anybody who's named as an end in the like Gomez Gonzalez or
Arrad Riga is Miguel doesn't know of course Miguel Escobar whose family is
having into drugs WNQ I am
you pick any characters
yeah no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no hey here's another one for you pal
go extra charge asshole seriously there's the one I mean he's like he's like
four different crank callers that guy he's the one we'd like to beat with a
baseball bat I think he's also the one what we have here is a failure to
communicate being being a douchebag you know the one I'm talking about oh
Ralph Nader it says here okay well
on you Nader people man I want to look at what you helped us get now huh in
fact even Nader has started to say well he may have to reexamine his
altitude for next year because after what had your caused last time
but anyway it says I'm Republican but I would say Ralph Nader is the most trustworthy politician
even though I completely disagree with his views I feel he's honest I respect him
well that's okay because that's a good answer to our question
even though I wish he would you know like pop a big roiter something Ralph Nader you got it
got it Dennis Kucinich you be momentous scullet for you please KUC I N I C H X Y Z E Z
KUC I N I C H Dennis Kucinich got it
guy with a bad herpes not as bad as Moe absolutely oh by the way we're going to play some jingles later
because Scott became jingle intensive this morning our Scott not for real for all
ain't talking to none of us now and I can I can understand that he's surly he's surly he's
you know acting like a spoiled child just have to go with a flow take that paycheck for
well that's all I can tell you take the paycheck self-preservation get with it forget about
numbers forget about ego just take the freaking money and run to the bank that's all
a lot of drugs a lot of booze a lot of ash and that's it oh that's right he can't say
somebody QA him hello yes sir you want to talk to Neil speaking Neil how about Rudy Giuliani
Rudy Giuliani he never stole a freight train yeah he sees I mean if you want to if you were to run
for president I would get guaranteed you win take care of it that's again a hard to go to
win California this guy runs for president you'll guarantee when then I think you're right
okay pali all right man thanks if that guy lived in New York pre 9-11 he was the most
reviled and hated man I understand that he closed down first of all he closed down time square
all a porno and he he hassle all the damn cab drivers and then he hassle all the street vendors
and he tried to turn it like Disney land or Disney world north is what he tried to do he's very
dictatorial he's really a dis reviled by many New Yorkers but nevertheless he got all of that nice
spin from 9-11 he's one of the few people who benefited anything from it and everybody think
oh Rudy Giuliani there's a guy because he was there you know because he showed his push all the
time he was running around he was here he was there he was all over the place holding people's
hands and they said oh here's a wonderful guy he put that he put gotty behind bars too and he
put John Gotti away too how's Gotti doing anybody seeing him lately oh I got to watch that movie
is it any good I got the DVD the one with Armana Sante I don't know the one called Gotti that's
an aim in the movie okay mr. Puts mr. Hockey Maven I guess why am I gonna how come
by you're faxing me these this is interesting here's my pool oh I press the hard bar my back
well no this is good because you're filling in for George and I rule and this is excellent
because you do the same thing he does all of the thanks I don't get them but sending my own pool to
me okay I already got my own pool didn't much but it's what I got now oh this is the Dan Yankees
one again last night totally the red socks are going down did I tend to that Scott oh I bet you
red socks are going down they're going down you're going down guys you're going down you're choking
your gagging we're glad because it's John Henry we can't stand John Henry who do we despise more John
Henry or Wayne Hypnger that's a tough one John Henry no I think I think Wayne Hypnger because Wayne
is the one who devolved the team and of course we hate Wayne for other reasons I'm not
sure we know huh V he changed the complexion of the community I think that's part of it because
he's a park marked self-aggrandizing lying sack of crap we hate you Wayne don't be calling the
station anymore okay and suck at moseass that's another reason that we hit him is because he sucked
moseass this one now when you can mark it down if Howard Conning would change their mind and decide
they want to build this facility I will not play here because I will not have you guys looking at
me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing I went out and did something else
yes what there's got to say something is a liar he's a freaking liar you're a liar Wayne
we despise Wayne almost as much as the moment
that's a movie
we thought he was the greatest until we all got to
and I wonder if I wonder who's not the way
oh
god he's man from place he's seeking fortune in the sun he started
movie
here and
I
I heard me write your sayings, I wane to walk in water, I went to see the better, I waited
like the door, it's a hundred and thousand times, but I can't find no sense.
I'm not just in a water, who stopped the way?
See that polka story about laying in Chicago and sitting right beyond the tub, I got rid of the tub.
You know with polka, most people at South Florida wanted to believe it because they hid him like poison.
Am I right?
Absolutely, yeah.
So we don't need to care if you weren't there as a matter of fact, I think, you know,
I think we're just going to keep saying you might have been there, even though you know you weren't.
Did you hear what he said this morning?
I wasn't paying any attention, as soon as I heard his voice, I liked immediately went in the off position, I went and took my shower and my shave and whatever else begins with an SH.
This man collects revenue on all the concessions at the stadium during the Marlin Games, right?
Right.
He had the nerve to say, well maybe they should play somewhere else.
Yeah, how about that?
Well maybe he's trying to get him a stadium built, what do you think?
Yeah, there you go.
Maybe you like these guys.
Anyway, here's the facts from Bill who hates George like poison.
Pick it on poor little George when he's not even there today, says I thought you might find it interesting.
No, not really.
That the past three facts I've sent you in his many weeks have been interrupted by that asshole George and he's not forwarding them to you.
Oh my God.
Unfortunately, I work for living, can't take the time to call so I try to participate via the facts as Bill.
Please tell George that I will not be censored and if he thinks I hated him before, he has no idea of how much I hate him now.
It says George sucks my ass as what Bill says.
Well, I hope he enjoys it and I have a fact I hope you're both having a good time.
Three years, two months, 21 days, 13 hours, 30 M minutes, so I stopped listening to WQAM as what Bill says.
Well, Bill's a little worked up and pissed off, but the only thing is building realize George ain't here today, so I did get this facts.
And number two, he didn't say anything that he didn't send me before.
You know what I'm saying?
If it was so important or something worthwhile for me to see, how come he didn't send it now?
Follow?
What do you think?
Who is the most trustworthy politician alive?
Oh, and I realized we only had the two names on there in the beginning.
We should have probably put one on there.
Ted Kennedy, as long as he's not driving, would have been good.
The most trustworthy politician alive.
George W. Bush 15, Ted Kennedy 13.
Now that the fact Bush has got 15, that makes me raise both all three eyebrows way up there in the air.
They're all liars for.
Well, let's just went up John McCain too and Bob Graham, I voted for Bob Graham. How do you like that?
I voted for Bobby Graham.
I liked Ted Kennedy a lot, as you know, but Bobby Graham, I think the guy had a good point on that.
Don't you?
He never stole a freight train.
Of course, Scott hasn't got any ID who Bob Graham is.
And neither did anybody else, which is the reason that he dropped out.
When a doubt he dropped out, couldn't raise any money.
Well, it was Jimmy Buffett's fault.
Was it?
Well, he pulled out of the concert.
Did you take away his cheaper and paradise?
Yeah.
Oh, and speaking of cheaper and paradise, Miguel wants the George to know since we're picking on George
because he can't fight back. He's not there today.
That he's really parked off at him about all that Bellsoft business and the fact of the matter is that if we're for Bellsoft
in those van hits that we have sponsored by Bellsoft, we wouldn't have Zipety dood off for a van and pay rescue
because they're the ones who are making those possible because they're already pre-arranged.
Am I right?
That is correct.
Well, there you go. See, I'm trying to repent a little bit.
Repent.
Okay.
No, but seriously, I get bent.
The bottom line is once again, I'm going to say this very emphatically that WQA, I want the whole audience to understand this,
they do nothing for our fundraisers.
At IOD, we had the entire station involved.
Phil Henry had his own disc, a brick and suds head their own CD, a Randy had a videotape.
Everybody was involved.
It was like a station thing to raise money for whatever charity it was with always a good cause.
But at QAM because charity is not their middle name, in spite of the fact that some of the people on the station talk a good game.
Oh, it's for charity. It's very important.
You know, that asshole, which I notice is keychains, are going over like Halifeth North Pole, but nevertheless, how are his keychains going?
We're almost out of the mad dog keychains.
No, no, I'm not asking about the mad dog.
We know the mad dog is wildly popular, the most popular person on the planet.
I'm asking about the Mohawar david of keychains.
Huh? There's something like Hawkeaks, you better get him where they laugh.
No, seriously, how are they going?
No, play games with me. I'm getting sirely now. How are they going?
They're going little by little. The CDs are more popular.
They're going real slow as what you try to say.
We didn't know. Who the hell wants Moe? Who the hell wants to end it into the...
And you know, as much as I despise the man and every ear he's selling his body, I will say we appreciate the fact that he at least cooperated and has plugged this a little bit.
Although we really didn't need his permission to put his voice on his thing.
Because the draftmen are all stuff part of this show.
We need his permission. We did that just to keep Duff his job as the only reason.
Yeah, because Duff was like, oh gee, it's my ass on the line.
If we don't ask his permission, my ass.
Yeah, you're such a pansy man, Duff, you're such a pussy. God, it's embarrassing.
Hey, hey Greg, it's a fight, Greg.
Oh, he's got a lot of problems these days.
So let's not take on poor Muffin clearance, okay?
They've got a lot of damage control to do these days. They're running around.
What was I just saying?
What do you think?
Oh, a lot of band and pair rescue.
In fact, the radio station is absolutely nothing.
Absolutely.
Absolutely nothing to help us out.
So Miguel has to do the best he can on these other appearances, these van hits.
We have nothing specifically for us.
And that's just the way it is in addition to which other than how come my phone is ringing?
It's probably some asshole in the station.
Other than Duff, who gave us that nice fact check at 250 bucks.
Who else? Anybody inside the building?
Give us a dime yet for a band and pair rescue?
Huh?
No, seriously.
Anybody else inside the building this year?
I realize it's only the October 10, whatever it is.
Did anybody else contribute a single cent to a band and pair rescue this time?
No, I'm sure they're waiting for you to get here to hand it to you in person.
To hand it to me, Albed.
I like to hand them something.
A big pile.
And that's this frost.
I asked my ass a little bit because this year the charities are having a bit of a time trying to raise any money.
And what can I tell you?
Who the hell was that on my phone just now?
See, I would say whistle a tune like George does, but I can't do that.
WQA Am Hello.
WQA Am Hello.
Yes, Neil. Jim Jeffords.
Jim Jeffords?
Yeah, the send-in of Vermont that became an independent?
The independent, yeah.
But I mean, how much do you know about Jim Jeffords?
Well, anybody that would do that and go against the evil empire than I would say.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Yeah, he never stole a freight train.
You're right.
Plus, he probably, probably he'd spend in juries, too.
Okay, thanks.
Jim Jeffords, J-E-F-F-O-R-D-S, got it?
British 19.
They're all liars 16, Kennedy 13.
The fact that George W. Bush has got 19 morons out there who say,
if he's the most trustworthy politician alive, I think it's time for mass suicide.
What I'm thinking right now.
Bobby Graham 7, John McCain 3, Rudy Giuliani 2, Dennis Gassinich 1,
nice fellow Nair Bois, Ralph Nader 1, Howard Dean 1, Pa-a-pa-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
At Paul Buchanan, don't have any, yes.
My life and loss, this is Fort Real 560, you ain't a whammy, yeah.
Either you best do.
She's bitching and she's witchy always in a bad mood.
Everything's a father and she's just played old rude.
Anything can set her off and into a world.
Every office has what she's bad attitude.
Girl Cindy, Cindy, answer the answer, please.
What?
Could you come in here?
Now, I need you to take a letter.
What do I look like a mailman?
I need you to take some dictation.
You get a filthy mail, honey.
She's bitchy and she's witchy always in a bad mood.
Everything's a father and she's just played old rude.
Anything can set her off and into a world.
Every office has what she's bad attitude.
Girl Cindy, Cindy, are you out there?
Not as out there as you are.
Could you come in here, please, I need some help.
Can't do it, gotta go to lunch.
Lunch, what are you talking about? It's 10.30 in the morning.
Yeah, but I decided to leave it to today.
So this is my lunch time, see ya.
What time are you gonna be back?
Cindy, Cindy!
10.45, she must know that brother called it earlier
that said I hit her leg points.
It must be the same one.
Now, fat, fat, the bitch's friend there,
his former neighbor Dave Friedman.
He fasted something that was pretty infusing,
but I never saw it.
This story, see I gotta call high boy fat bitch,
cause I almost called him something else.
It was like a double F.
Candidus Supreme Court refused yesterday
that he left conservative religious and family groups
of appeal, a court ruling that legalized
same-sex marriage in Ontario,
in a unanimous decision that five-year Supreme Court panel
said the groups cannot appeal,
the Ontario courts ruling that the traditional definition of marriage
between a man and woman was unconstitutional.
The association for marriage and family in Ontario
and the Interfaith Coalition of Marriage and Family,
a bunch of far-bic and a goyem filed for the appeal
after Candidus federal government refused to do so.
Instead, the government has drafted all the changes
that definition of marriage to a between two people,
gaudi,audi,audi.
Where the hell did he get this from?
Where did you get this from?
Fat the bitch's neighbor?
High boy.
Jimmy Carter somebody says,
what a hell not, he was boring, he was depressing,
he was weak, weak, weak, need.
He freed Miguel's parents.
He freed Miguel's parents, that's absolutely correct, very good.
Oh my god, life's Jimmy Carter.
That's the only Democrat that Miguel likes is Jimmy Carter.
Hey, my parents were here long before that.
Oh, they didn't come over in a merry,
I'll boat lift with a bunch of guns.
No.
And kill a bunch of people, I'll be damned.
Oh, that's right here in the, oh, it's by the way,
since some people are concerned about that phone ring
and be four or four is like something really important
like Norma Kent, it was just the concierge downstairs,
my drug just arrived.
You could drug that off.
Now, my oxy cotton from rush, the package just arrived.
And I said, what?
What? And then I realized it was talking to recording anyway.
26 say, are there all liars?
Who is the most trustworthy politician alive?
26, there are all liars.
24 George W. Bush, which is really most amusing.
Especially this clip I'm going to play from PBS in a minute.
Ted Kennedy, 13, Bob Graham, 13.
Bobby's moving up there. What a shame.
John McCain, five, Dennis Kusin,
it's five Rudy Giuliani's got three.
And Howard Deans got only two.
That's interesting, Ralph Nader, two.
Jim Jeffords, none.
And Paul Buchanan don't have any.
Out of 99 votes.
That's somebody vote for Paul Buchanan,
even though there ain't no such person.
I should play the clip from the last night from frontline,
because I recorded it before it's there with it.
And I also notice we haven't had anybody else called
and said that they watched it.
Much less had any audio problems.
Prior to the war, the administration was reading intelligence
that was often vague, sometimes contradictory, rarely definitive.
America need to know I'll be making up my mind based upon
the latest intelligence.
Unlike the intelligence, though, the message the administration
rolled out in the fall of 2002 was sharp and clear.
There is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons
of mass destruction.
There is no doubt that he is a man.
What was missing from all the speeches and television appearances
were the caveats and contrary evidence
from their own intelligence agencies.
Iraqis regime could launch a biological or chemical attack
in his littlest 45 minutes.
In a classified report circulated within the administration
in late September 2002, the defense intelligence agencies
stated that there was no reliable information
on whether Iraq is producing or stockpiling chemical weapons.
We don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud.
At the same time, the Pentagon's special intelligence office
was coming up short of proving Saddam had current
and active links to al-Qaeda.
As you watch this growing divergence between what was being said
by policymakers and what you knew was the intelligence.
What conclusions were you drawing?
Well, the conclusion I ultimately came to was that
this was a matter of, as I called it, faith-based intelligence.
They were cherry picking the information that we provided
to use whatever pieces of it that fit their overall interpretation.
And worse than that, they were dropping qualifiers
and distorting some of the information that we provided
to make it seem more alarmist and more dangerous
than the information that we were giving them.
The fall campaign would culminate
with a speech by President Bush on October 7th in Cincinnati.
The President of the United States
facing clear evidence of peril.
We cannot wait for the final proof
the smoking gun that could come in the form of a mushroom cloud.
Information from a high-ranking Iraqi nuclear engineer
who had defected revealed that despite his public promises,
Saddam Hussein had ordered his nuclear program to continue.
The defector mentioned in the President's speech
came to the administration's attention via Ahmed Chalabi.
Chalabi was also making claims about Saddam and Al Qaeda.
We've learned that Iraq has trained Al Qaeda members in bomb making
poisons deadly gases.
We talked to Chalabi at I&C headquarters in Baghdad.
You had argued for a long time that they were tightly connected
with Al Qaeda. As far back as 98, I remember meeting with you
and you told me that there were lots of connections.
Yes, they were.
Well, those are not quite demonstrated.
We have very strong leads on that
and we have very strong evidence that they have.
You have strong evidence that there's links between Al Qaeda.
You have the point is that the US, where are these,
where is the evidence now?
In the US hands.
We gave the names of the people that were visits of Al Qaeda here
and there was money that changed hands.
Do you have any documentary evidence?
Have any kind?
Yes, that is such a document.
That is a document that you could show us.
I have seen it, but I don't have it in my position.
They could show it to you, I think.
Who could show it to me?
The armed intelligence people.
You're intelligence people?
So after this interview, we can...
I don't know if you can do it right now.
I mean, I think it's very important to make this...
This is something you've talked about since 98 and I think it's a very important point.
It's one of the points that drew America to this war.
Yes, correct?
So it's very important to establish the truth of it.
Yes.
So if there is such a document,
it makes sense for you to share it.
No, I'm not saying no, no.
I'm saying that I can't...
I'm somehow not getting a feeling that I'm going to see the document.
Well, you are Aronius.
Okay, great.
I hope to see it.
Well, we'll expect to show it to you.
The document was supposed to demonstrate money changing hands
between Saddam Hussein's government and Al Qaeda.
After repeated requests,
Frontline has still not seen the document.
What a shock, huh?
You don't think because there is no such document, do you?
I will show it to you.
How do you like that?
He's going to show it to him, but it wasn't the document.
He just whipped it right up.
By the way, this facts you've sent me from James.
Don't send me any more facts from James or Jerry or whatever other name this is a little squiggly writing.
He used to be Jerry, you know, he's James.
The one he used to write squiggly and we always used to know the facts.
So right away, today he's in there because he realizes that it's George A. Thier,
who would have intercepted this immediately knowing what it was.
Okay, just another shot.
And by the way, James, Jerry, Eddie, Tommy, whatever your name is.
Thanks for listening religiously every day to the new writer show.
You obsessive little twerp you.
God, he's probably got the smallest penis in history.
Oh, I've spoken to that thing that I just played the clip from a Frontline last night.
Since we wasted all of that money and time,
and we're still doing it all of those human lives in Iraq,
Al Qaeda may be hard at work trying to produce weaponized anthrax and other biological weapons.
In an exclusive report, CBS News Correspondent Mark Phillips recounts details
US interrogators have extracted from a top Al Qaeda operative.
The new worry comes from the manicuse of Mastermindy last year's terrorist bombing in Bali
that killed more than 200 people in last summer's Jakarta hotel blast that left another 12 people dead.
Redan Asmoudin, better known simply as Hombali, has been in the hands of US intelligence agents
since his arrest in Thailand last August, and he's been singing it says.
Sing and end the reign.
According to an interrogation report seen by CBS News,
Hombali was implementing plans to cause far more deaths using biological weapons.
Most likely it says here.
Most likely, although we are completely positive.
Anthrax.
Hombali is Al Qaeda's main connection in the forest,
which was apparently trying to open an Al Qaeda by-weapons branch plant.
According to the, maybe he could have gotten the bear people to help him out.
According to the interrogation documents,
Hombali told US interrogators he'd been working on an Al Qaeda anthrax program in Kondahar, Afghanistan,
and on it goes.
So there you are while we're worried about Iraq, which has nothing to do with any of this.
Al Qaeda just continues regenerating itself and to do all the making all kinds of threats
and shaking its spear.
It's Albert Spear.
I just mentioned these things in passing in case anybody cares, you think?
No.
Now they want free Marlon tickets.
They want some Marlon tickets.
Maybe some Panther tickets all the way down it.
Who is the most trustworthy politician alive we ask?
They're all liars, 37.
It's passing everybody like they're standing still.
George W is still stuck there on 24 votes out of 120.
Bobby Graham, 16, moving right up on the president's ass,
Ted Kennedy, 13, John McCain, 10, Howard Dean, 6,
Dennis Cassett, 5, Rudy Giuliani, 5, Ralph Nader 3, Jim Jeffords 1,
and four pop you can and don't have any yet.
Why not?
I wonder why.
That frontline apparently is going to be repeated at 2am tonight.
Good.
I'll tape it because I'd like to be able to watch the whole thing,
and hopefully without that, I'll add the sound interference on it,
whatever that was last night.
How about you, somebody else out there saw it?
W. Q.A. him, hello?
Q.A. M.
Speaking.
Yeah.
Who?
John Kerry.
John Kerry.
John Kerry.
Okay.
I'll decide out of mind.
Okay.
He's kind of scary, John Kerry.
He's scary, boy.
He's looking pretty bad.
Okay.
We got him down, man.
He trusts John Kerry.
Do I trust him?
No.
No.
He's all over the place.
He voted for the war resolution, and now he's against this,
and he's against, he's all over the place.
He's a waffler.
Looks like his face was pressed with a waffle iron, don't it?
But we'll put him on there, John Kerry.
Drew Kerry.
Or maybe we'll put Drew Kerry on there, or Harry Kerry.
Or Mary Kerry from California, who had a big pair,
anyways, she got as many votes as she had boobs, too.
Kerry Grant, yes.
Or Kerry Grant?
I guess Scott doesn't want to go any more Panther games, doesn't he?
No.
Because if he did, he probably shut up real quick.
1056 at 560 QAM.
My life and local.
This is 430560.
QAM.
I've got to fight it.
What up?
What up?
You're wondrous people.
Wow.
Yeah.
Swinging dogs.
When the Nazis reign, they reign.
The four-half-you-canon.
How the KKK have the days because of you, Canner.
Yeah.
If you are yellow or purple, or gone for the crown,
you'll be like Mussolini, hanging upside down.
You can lock and roll your guns, with half-empower.
But if you want to kill those lights, step into the showers.
And as your breathing can cast, and your rights are slipping away.
All right.
Aren't you glad that you voted for PAC today?
There's half-you-canon as an asshole.
But starting to look pretty moderate and pretty good compared to what we got.
Anyway, how's that poll?
151 votes.
Kind of a mediocre response.
It was a stupid question.
But, you know, I appreciate the help.
Who is the most trustworthy politician alive?
They're all liars 47.
Don't we all buy that?
Sure.
They're awful of crap.
They're all controlled by somebody.
They're like puppets on the end of a string.
George W. has got 29 votes.
Scary.
Bobby Graham's got 20.
10-canony 14.
John McCain 11.
Howard D. 7.
Dennis Gassin is 6.
Rudy Giuliani 6.
Ralph Nader 4.
Jimmy Carter's got 3, Miguel.
Can't believe that.
Well, I have your parents coming to this country.
Paul Buchanan's got a pair.
And Jim Jeffords is got to do it.
Paul Buchanan's doing pretty well.
Not bad.
He's got a pair.
Let's see.
Oh, there.
This isn't great.
It says, the only trustworthy politician I know of is a dead one.
Says Mike.
Nice going, Mike.
You are absolutely correct.
That's why we did put alive in the opponent.
Oh, look at this.
This is a long life.
I hope that I'll show hope this isn't from that bill guy.
Can't be.
Doesn't look like the same facts.
The same format.
For the few of you who still holds some faith in me,
let me assure you the following.
Well, what is this crap?
Why are you faxing me this, Miguel?
Just kidding.
Oh, good.
God's extra commandments.
Stop wasting our facts paper in Palm Beach.
You jackass, you idiot.
Let's get to something important like this.
We've been on one hour already.
Has anybody called in and said they saw a front line last night?
No.
Did anybody comment about what they had audio problems on PBM?
WDQAM?
WDQAM?
Talk about your daddy.
WDQAM?
WDQAM?
Yes, sir.
You forgot Bubba.
Oh, Bill Clinton.
There you go.
Yeah.
And a bit of radio, Goppa.
Did you know Randy Rose and Jim are getting divorced?
No, I did not.
And I couldn't care less at any rate.
Wow, what?
Is that sad or what?
What was wrong with you, people, man?
What is wrong with this town?
I see yesterday's cords are spilling over into today.
Jesus.
Oh, well, that's the same.
You know, it's the same for three people.
Let's spin over every day.
You'll catch on.
Okay.
You daddy, you daddy.
Oh, my Lord, I'm pushing.
You know, and these people started really hyperventilating
after all the rush stuff came down.
First, the comment on ESPN and getting canned.
And then, of course, the oxy-conz, the pill pop up stuff.
And the rush people are like coming on glue now.
So they have to, you know, like unleash their...
Like that.
Hey, listen, I just got a big fat one in the bank yesterday.
Okay, my paycheck showed up a day early.
It's already in a bank.
Losers.
And what was I just starting to say before you got me sidetracked
with that crap?
Yeah.
Something very, very important.
You must have been.
The State Department is protested to telephangelist Pat Robertson
about his despicable suggestion that someone blow up
that a problem with a nuclear bomb in official said yesterday.
There you go.
Another good religion is it's the same Pat Robertson who said that the reason
that they had all those fires in Florida a couple of years ago,
over there in World War II, Cape Canaveral, and Stewart,
and where the hell it was.
Remember?
He said it was because of all the fags because of gay,
they had Disney World and all this other stuff.
And God was punishing and that's why all those acres of forest
were burning up in Florida.
And then of course he was praying at that hurricane,
or Isabelle, didn't that hit Virginia Beach?
Guess what, Pat?
Too bad.
God wasn't listening to that day.
He was busy sitting in a morning line on a ballgame.
He was at a ballgame, exactly.
Right, that's right.
He was sitting in a morning line for all the people in Vegas.
Too bad he wasn't there for a good friend.
BROY!
Oh, I got a great article on that from Steve Winne.
We'll get to it.
Robertson, a former presidential candidate,
made the remark in an interview with Joel Mulberry, author of a new book called
Dangerous Diplomacy, How the State Department in Danger's America Security.
State Department spokesman Richard Boucher asked the comment,
said yesterday,
I lack sufficient capabilities to express my disdain.
I think the very idea is despicable.
The department has made its views clear to Robertson
as of the State Department official last night to be named,
introducing Mulberry on his Christian broadcasting network Robertson,
said that a person who read Mulberry's book would reach the conclusion
that a nuclear explosion at the State Department was the best solution.
This is a man of the cloth.
This is a good, another one of them good, religionist.
Oi!
One of them, forbiscina goyem.
I read your book when you got through your state of yourself.
If I could just get a nuclear device inside foggy bottom,
the State Department's main building,
I think that's the answer and you say,
we've got to blow that thing up.
I mean, is it as bad as you say?
He said, it is Mulberry replied,
Mulberry himself did not make the suggestion either in his book or in the interview.
It was Pat Robertson, the anxious obnoxious, disgusting, and hateful about homophob,
Pat Robertson making all this crap.
Let's blow up the State Department because they're not with us.
They're not part of the right-wing cabal of lunatics.
Unbelievable.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We'll find somebody on here that saw nightly, whatever it is, front line, nightline.
We'll find one.
WDQYM.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Hola.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
Yeah.
Oh, hi.
Do you want better radio than or better callers?
Why should you do better radio?
Yeah. Why don't you blow it off your ass?
I'm just asking a question.
Is that the, is that the, is that the, you got to written down on a card?
No, but I'm just saying.
The same call that you make to every show on a radio station, you schmuck.
The same thing, you got to written down on a tuba.
Who wrote it out for you?
Give it a good thought.
Your boyfriend wrote it out for you?
Why don't you do better radio?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
As the again, just like yesterday, you're right, Scott.
It's like a picking up where we left off.
Just extending there.
Like that.
It's beautiful day here.
By the way, it's going to be 73 sunny, not a cloud in the sky.
Nice.
Everybody here is real pleasant and real happy, you know?
Real pleasant and a really good mood.
And I am pretty glad that check is in the bank, baby.
Oh.
A big fat one, including my October 1st raised, by the way, for people like this last putts.
Same.
Forbidum.
Forbidum.
Come on, put something new like Yamama.
Something more interesting.
That would be better radio too.
WDQAM.
WDQAM.
Hello.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Lollolane is a skank.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I missed the front line last night.
It's a good show.
What did it want to do about that?
WDQAM.
Hello.
I can get a file named here, look.
Yeah.
Mark Boy.
Mark Boy.
WDQAM.
WDQAM.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I missed the panel.
Are these people boring or what?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I see the front line last night.
Did you see the document?
Are you going to show us the document?
Yeah.
Yeah, I will never see no document, did they?
Right.
That's what I just got through playing only like five minutes ago.
Right.
Yeah, that was pretty incredible.
Did you have any audio problems in the telecast?
Did the audio cutting out?
Yeah, cutting it out.
Really?
Yeah, it was cutting it out.
I was watching on 13 down here.
But the thing was, if you watch that and you were for this war,
you have major issues, you know?
Yeah, absolutely.
Okay, well, so that verifies it wasn't just on the Buffalo Affiliate WNED.
It was like on a whole telecast.
It looks to me like that.
Like every 15 seconds, starting to get about 9.35 and at 10 o'clock,
it just got so bad, I just shut it off.
I shamed candid.
It doesn't make you suspicious at all, does it?
The fact that they were ripping the administration
and on masking all of their lives and all of this bull crap
that we got people dying over there including two more mercen kids last night?
And the audio kept cutting in and out.
The old in and out.
That's what they've been given us.
It's quite a lot.
Yeah.
Oh, sure.
Another one of those strange coincidences.
Who is the most trustworthy politician alive?
They're all liars 60.
George W. 36.
Sure.
Bob Graham 22, Ted Kennedy 15, John McCain 15, Jimmy Carter 9, Howard Dean,
Rudy Giuliani, Ralph Nader, seven of peace.
Dennis Kassin, it's six.
Everybody else mighty tiny potatoes.
WQAM.
Why don't you go back to...
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Good, that's Scott.
How about your pardon?
Oh, nail. How you doing?
Okay.
Good.
I have the spots.
They're not on the radio.
I don't know.
You either.
I saw a program last night, man.
Yeah.
I don't want to be interested in your depressions here because there's so much information in there
that people just don't want to even know about.
Now, of course not.
I've been using ball games last night.
Not Joe Minionaire, buddy, you know?
But it seems that the one guy, I can't remember the guy's name.
There were two Iranian guys that...
What were the glasses?
Eye glasses on the other guy.
The Americans were trying to force onto the Iraqi.
They didn't want any part of him.
But they didn't get bringing him back and back and back.
And obviously he's the pastor.
He's the sat...
This administration decided they want...
And the Iraqi don't want a part of him at all.
It's just typical of these guys.
Now, you also noticed the audio was having a problem or was it just the...
Yeah, it was.
But I got undisced there.
I didn't know whether it was a better...
In the parents' life, I'm...
No, no.
It was in the telecast.
Something happened in the audio of the whole program starting about the half-hour into it.
And this bog goes my mind.
Eagle doors, you know?
Yes, the Eagle doors were doing it.
Okay, have a great day, Palli.
See you in Baghdad.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound fire...
How many people in the South Florida think watch that show?
How many people in the US watch PBS?
5, 30 men!
Yeah, I think that's probably an exaggeration.
There's many watching MSNBC right now, though.
I'm bigger porn.
We're just talking about Keeva, so I'm sure there's a lot of us watching MSNBC right now.
Pays to workers.
Appitence.
Thank you, Abe.
Yeah, we got your pittance over here, asshole.
Oh, there's your hero.
There's W-man.
Somebody that McHale can relate to.
Yeah, no one in the arena won't touch you no more.
12 minutes passed 11 at 5, 60 W-DQA.
Everybody in the world seems to be on a low carb diet these days.
It's in.
There's the Atkins diet, rest in peace.
There's the South Beach diet, Sugarbusis.
There's that smelly bit susan summers that ripped off poor Dr. Bob after he had that slip and fall.
Anyway, the one thing they all have in common is to try to get you to have the best tasting lowest carb,
sugar-free foods, and keep you losing that weight like crazy.
Well, here's a story of an love.
One visit to the lights of West Book and your search will be over because they've got over a thousand low carb products in stock for you to pop in your
Puss and anything in the story you can try before you buy it to don't forget that all the Atkins products.
They're on sale all day every day.
They've got bagels, breads, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips, and dip soups, ketchup,
carbolite, ice cream, and lots more.
Champion like Drinks and Five Delicious Flavors, walnut brownies by Control Carb, Apple Cinnamon, granola by Carb Sents,
and crunchy pretzels by Carb Sents.
Don't give one to the president.
And it delights you can sample like I said everything in the store before you buy it through open seven days a week from 10 to 10.
And you'll find he lights on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call him tool free at 1-877 Low Carb.
That's L-O-W-C-A-R-V.
You'll find him at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget, the lights of West Book are this is your official Atkins Retail Center.
Live at the local, this is five-six-teens.
There are reviews on yours.
I'm a few-a-n.
16 at five-six-teens.
I'm not going to do the EOL, it's just-
I dropped my wiener.
Okay, because I want to look at that pull 231 votes, who's the most trustworthy politician alive?
They're all liars 81.
George W. Bush 38.
38.16.4%.
Okay, does that tell you everything you need to know?
Bob Graham 23, John McCain 17, Ted Kennedy 16, Jimmy Carter 15, Howard Dean 10,
everybody else single-digit small potatoes.
What does that tell you?
If he was on it right now instead of talking all his Cuba crap, which we got him sure is listening to,
if he was on it right now saying, hey guess what?
We lied, we want to come clean, we lied about the war, we had this plan years before even the election of 2000 that we stole,
and yaddy-addy-addy, and all these kids of it are dying like crazy for no reason at all.
We're going to bring them all home and people say, oh yeah, we believe you.
No tyrant can stand forever against the power of liberty.
That's for damn sure, that's why you're out next year.
Fascists, that's why you're OUT baby.
I make your friend.
I said so far, that's not true.
Just FYI, the front line according to a couple of facts is the audio was okay.
Was fine.
Was it really?
Then on the words these people are just making that up just to pacify me or who the hell knows what?
Another damn mystery, it's another delima.
It was just my nature itself wasn't okay because it was like that, it sounded like the QA in the signal, it was so bad.
And that's saying a lot, WQA and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Can't talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, I just want to call about all these people calling them winners who think this war is a great thing.
You know, there was a country over in Europe where they elected a leader and they put people in concentration camps
and if you could talk out against the country you weren't for the fatherland.
And it was on patriotic to speak out against it.
When does that become acceptable in this country?
I'd say probably in the 2000 right there at the Ascend when they stole the election.
Yep, and you know as long as two Americans die every day over in another country and our attention spans 20 seconds
and we have to have a commercial in between it.
Nobody can decipher this.
That's right, I guarantee you there's more people worried right now about Kobe Bryant and whether he raped that broad or not
than they're worried about these kids that are dying over there for no reason every day based on a lie.
Right, force, government, calories become acceptable in America.
The low average, hey, we just get by.
So what it should happen. Let it happen.
All right, exactly.
He said so what if Schmidt happens?
I'm sure that one of you probably also did the thing.
No.
No.
See, I have the feeling like today I'm like just sitting here all alone even though you're both there with all due respect.
I have the feeling that I'm like flying solo.
Why did you wait? Hold on. Why did you wave me off then?
I think you're part of it. He wave me off. He's like, don't press it.
Who did?
George told me not to hit the dump button.
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Especially with everything that's going on right now and you're in something like that coming through there and you don't know to hit it.
Just in case this one, because nobody will still tell me whether this one is like 100%
thought what I'm saying. Kind of like a condom. It works 90% of the time.
Got it.
When it doubt, if something like that blirts out, dump it out.
Forget about George. Okay. George is small potatoes. He's not even there today.
Don't be defending little George. He's full of it. All right.
He's just like a, a, a, a, a, a, a, cling on his George.
He's got those naked pictures of him.
And he don't have any goddamn hockey tickets for you either. Okay. Just keep that in mind.
Stupid.
You're right.
Right.
WQA and hello.
Why are you psyched?
WQA and hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm fudge back and right now. WQA and hello.
Yeah. I thought they'd lie last night.
They were talking about our schloemies. There's only going to be directions to schloemies back in the...
WQA and hello.
Hey.
I don't know what's up for him.
Yeah.
And I didn't have any, um, sound problem.
I'll be damned.
Must have been WNED in Buffalo. Maybe it was a West and upstate New York sabotage.
It's that fabulous WPVT.
Channel two.
Yeah.
Yeah. Channel two. Clear the belt.
Thank goodness.
Um, the worst part of it was I turned it on at nine o'clock instead of 10 and saw an hour of Elizabeth Taylor.
That was horrifying.
And it came on at 10 o'clock there last night. It started nine o'clock here.
Yeah. Well, man, we had war crimes or one thing but Liz, something else.
That's a much bigger crime, you're right. Okay. Thanks for the good news.
56670560.560 on the ATT.
Let's change the poll to the other one, which I think this was a bad poll.
I should stop taking the audience's suggestion.
For example, I've got a really good one for Monday already, but I'll save it.
Here's the main poll that we're going to get to now because the first one, well, it was a week.
It was lame. Who's the most trustworthy politician alive? That in itself is a joke.
There are all liars 91 George W. 38 Bobby Graham 25 Jimmy Carter 19 John McCain 18 like his French fries.
Ted Kennedy 16 Howard Dean 11 Rudy Giuliani had 10 and everybody else single digits.
Although Paul Buchanan had a fair.
Here's the other poll, Eric, which of these people and of course we'll need some more names for it.
Which of these people do you most strongly believe? That's the key. Most strongly.
Not a list of a 14, not a whole bunch of people, which do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job because of their skin color?
I think it's a magnificent poll question.
My first choice on here is.
Condoleezza.
And then I have Miriam Elephant.
I added Clarence Thomas on there. Clarence token Thomas, which Eric doesn't have that one yet.
And then you can add to it. And we'll change the poll.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Well, we got sports up the ass this weekend, man.
We have games that haven't been invented yet.
Mad Dog at two, the Humper at four, including the Dave Lonsdatch, 0 5 to 6.
They got another girls team this weekend, the dolphins, Jacksonville Jaguars.
What kind of a schedule do they got anywhere like a 10th place schedule?
Like that? Jesus.
Playoff edition of Marlins on deck would lend Casper and Tommy Hutton at seven o'clock.
745, it's the real pregame show, the real thing, the MS Marlins on deck.
818.
Marlins and the Cubs game of three from P.P. Park right up the street there.
Eddie K. Paul was the baseball game, ESPN radio overnight.
That's the schedule in the tomorrow course we got.
We got really games where Fudge Packing with ball games tomorrow, man.
We're jamming them in there.
Got the hurricanes and the seminals.
Wouldn't that be a shame if the hurricanes lost that game?
Oh, man, that would be bad.
We got that at noon.
We got, oh, this schedule is blinding.
There's so much under scratch stuff and crossed out and marked up and etc.
Got the fourth game at the NCAN, the L.S., and whatever it is.
And you got the Panther game on Waxi 790.
All of these things tomorrow.
On your sports intensive, we don't give a flying crab about anything else in the world station, QAM.
But we do care about other things, but we can't talk about it.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, hello.
Yes.
When you're sick and free, you can't get bitten by that crab.
The treatment for I've got bitten by your ass by your reiners. WQAM, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, the mental health line politicians will pick you off.
The two believers really picked me off.
Peggy Newton and Colter, Sean Hannity.
Do I get mad? Look for those people.
No, I don't.
I don't want to get mad.
I don't listen to them.
Okay. Have some sense of self-preservation.
Some sense of using my time more wisely than listening to a bunch of right-wing assholes about the same crab.
Well, I listen to Rush to see what the other side is saying.
Right. Right.
To see what it sounds like when he's popping in Waxi's continent.
Hey, Rush.
I'll talk a little louder for you.
Okay.
You know what's happened all like dumb-ed up real quick.
We haven't heard another word about any of that.
It just went away.
It just kind of like disappeared.
Like, oh, well, we never heard that.
Did we?
No.
Oh, you could put a nap on the pole here, right?
We could pull what?
McNabb on the pole.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Okay. That's just cute.
Donovan McNabb.
That's cute.
For all the Rush, Rush, he's out there.
Donovan McNabb.
Not only would he not be touted so highly, but he wouldn't even have a job.
If it weren't for the fact that he was a darkie.
That's what Rush would tell you.
Hey, pop it out of the one, Rush.
Come on, that's it.
See, I think the definitive part of that whole thing was the story thanks to my scouring
even upon Beach Post.
That story they had about the fact that a lot of these drugs that are highly addictive
cause hearing loss, hearing loss, what a coincidence.
What?
I'm looking for where I stuck that.
I got it over here somewhere where I stuck that figure up on my butt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
But of course you'll never be able to tell that to the disciples.
That's like the Bush people.
It's like you and Miguel's the same thing.
No matter what.
If he came under right now and said, hey, I'm a freaking liar.
And everything that we're doing is bogus.
And it was all pre-planned behind closed doors.
And Richard Pearl and Wolf Whits there, the Antichrist.
That's what we're saying.
You would say, all right, W. All right, let's go.
The hell with Fidel.
You know, be marching down.
Of course he ain't going down there.
He's not doing nothing.
In spite of Ilyana Ross Rosanna-Danny, he's still ain't doing it.
He's not doing anything.
No.
If you want to come up here, you can hop on a plane fly right to Havana.
No problem at all.
Well, under three hours.
W. A. M., hello.
Can you feel me?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
How are you, sir?
Good.
I tune in a little delay.
George, under the weather, something there or what?
Yeah.
Well, I hope he feels better.
I just heard about your new poll.
I'm not sure what color this guy is.
Brian Gumball.
Brian Gumball is a magnificent choice.
He hasn't had enough time.
You know what else?
I'm going to put his brother on there, too.
Because he's even less talented.
Greg Gumball, who's the CBS lead announcer for the NFL.
If that's the best they can do, they should give it back to the peacock and let them do the games.
Greg Gumball, I think they could do it better.
Exactly.
I like to do that.
I like to do that.
And you, too.
Thank you.
Brian and Greg Gumball, the two Gumballs, man.
You can't complain about their talent because generally speaking, you know how that goes.
Okay, the final tally on there, there are all liars, 101.
37% of this cynical audience says they're all liars and of course we know.
Absolutely correct.
We're supporting you, 5CC.
Ju-A-M.
Bill.
Oh!
These rude.
These crude.
He's the nastiest comedian you've ever heard.
Andrew Dice plays.
And that, who hope a spice girl, he's got his own movie.
Dice word.
Girl, come here once you watch what you're mother.
Yeah, tell me, tell me more.
You're a f***ing an arrow.
Dice word.
Me.
For these f***s.
Lies the meat, um.
F*** you, 5.
You stupid English.
What?
Oh!
Dice word is act.
Pick a redigory dot.
The spice girls were f***ing my f***ing hard spice.
Lick my f***les, baby.
Spice, lick that tip.
I dropped my jubo and blew off a lip.
Oh!
Don't miss Dice word.
Spiryspice.
I f***ing know.
Andrew Dice play.
And Dice.
Oh!
Tell me what you want.
What you want?
What the f***ing watch?
Spice girls got the class.
What the f***ing number?
Number 32, 20, 22, 25, 60.
The mad dog, the most popular man on a planet who's still alive.
He'll be at, uh, two o'clock, uh, a hupward four.
And then we got all that, uh, ball game stuff.
Lots of ball game stuff.
Big game tonight.
Let's give some tickets away.
What do you say?
Let me know.
How about those Panther LA Kings tickets?
Anybody want those?
We got the three pair without a parking pass.
Anybody want those?
No.
Uh, let's see.
Frontline, 9 o'clock, WSEL 11, uh, 10 o'clock, PBS Miami 2.
And then it says watch the show online.
Well, I could watch the show online.
The only problem with it is I have no audio here on my really, uh,
Chinsy set up that they got for me on this computer.
Good computer, but no audio card.
So it's kind of pointless just to watch the video if you catch my drift.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM.
Hello.
My career is really over.
How?
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
What was that?
What was it?
I couldn't even understand it.
Can we just play jingles and stuff?
What was that?
What did he say?
Oh, WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, new house.
How's it going?
Okay.
I had a couple of things to bring to the table here.
First off on your poll today, I'm going to say M&M.
Uh, if he wasn't a white boy, he'd just be another black rapper.
Okay.
Um, in regards to Toronto, what's the cost of living as it is compared to the United States?
Is it more there?
Is it less than here?
About the same.
Is it?
Yeah, I just moved down here from Colorado when this place blows.
And I hear you talking about Toronto all the time and it just sounds like such a better place.
It is?
Yeah.
And maybe for your future poll, silliest superstition.
I don't know about you, but I can't stand it when I got on the elevator and there's no 13th floor.
You know, it's just the American, or maybe just the society in general with their superstitions, you know,
not walking under a ladder, black cat crossing, things like that.
Good one.
I'm writing it down.
Excellent.
Have a great day, Neil.
Thanks, Pally.
And don't unpack it other before it's too late.
Oh, what's so great about Canada?
What's so great about Toronto?
Let me say it again.
All you people out there that don't like, where but how I'm talking about whether it's Amsterdam, Toronto, whether it's Cancun, whatever.
Don't go there.
Don't come here.
Don't go there.
Don't do none.
Just sit there on your ass and pretend that you're in paradise.
Okay.
I know somebody who thinks he's in paradise.
Absolutely.
And take a look at that.
Okay.
That says it all right there.
That says everything you need to know.
Got M&M down.
Got it down.
I think I'm going to vote already, even though this list is just in the origins here.
I'm voting for a good old condolese.
Condolese, please, get on your knees and quit with a bullcrap, condolese.
Yeah, she's new to the new henchman now.
She's going out there to announce for El Presidente.
Oh, yeah, this war was justified and he was a bad man in the Audi, Audi, Audi, and he had all this crap.
We haven't found it, but he had a lot of crap.
We haven't found him yet, but he's crap.
Condolese, let me tell you right now, honey.
Your crap.
Your crap on two legs is what you are.
You're ridiculous.
You're a silly person.
Oh, it's Dr. Rice.
How can you speak so disrespectfully of Dr. Rice?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Right.
I always say this, by the way, since we're certain things we aren't talking about.
When it comes to balls, you can't complain about the dieslies because generally speaking, they don't have any.
25 till noon at 5.60 WDQM.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, hello.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
God, please.
WDQM, hello.
All right.
Looks like Neil.
That was Woody. Yes, sir.
Neil, um, elephant, very malefile.
Yeah, she's on there.
She's the second name on the list.
Hello, I'm an ass.
Okay, you're out.
Clarence Token Thomas has four new list is up.
Which of these people do you most strongly believe a successful or has a job because of their skin color?
Clarence Token Thomas four, condolese four, Miriam elephants got appeared.
Non-fordotovic McNabbia or Brian Cumble or Greg Cumble or M&M.
WDQM, hello.
WDQM.
Yes, sir.
What about Woody's?
Woody?
Woody's in your mouth.
Yeah.
WDQM.
WDQM, hello.
Must be Alan Moe's boyfriend's are getting a little restless, you know what?
Right.
I realize he had so many.
Well, it's only the same three WDQM, hello.
Is this the Joey Reynolds show?
Yeah, speaking.
WDQM, hello.
Yeah, I know.
How are you?
Okay.
Good. Listen, um, I moved down from Toronto and across the living is twice as high there as because of the socialized government.
No, it's not.
No, it's not twice as high if you have an American paycheck because the dollar here is only
worth 75 cents.
No, I know, but I'm just saying like you take your average person making 45,000, the tax right
there, your tax to death.
Yeah, the taxes here are brutal.
There's no question about that.
You got the GST and the PST and the, yeah.
So is the better health care when they say it's free?
Is it really free or not?
If you're a citizen, yeah.
Yeah, but aren't you paying it through your high tax?
Is it what?
So, so what's the point?
So you don't like it here?
Is that what you're trying to tell me?
Well, that's why I left there because it's the, the bunch of taxes in here.
Yeah, I got, but let me suggest this to you.
Don't come back.
Okay?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, so you see the South Florida is like a magnet for all the people just like him right there.
It's a good example.
Unhappy, pissed off, bigoted, narrow-minded, nasty looking for the negative, which is great.
Well, I'm delighted that those people most of them get to hell out of here because it leaves all the really nice people and friendly people and happy people here,
which everybody seems to be getting along just fine.
Isn't that amazing?
What a concept.
Hey, good morning.
Have a nice day.
See you around, eh?
Just like, eh!
And of course you're here in it the last two days.
Just pouring, pouring through the phone.
Is there time to make up for lost time?
Have a good time.
That checks in the bank.
WDQA and hello.
Hi, now.
Yes, sir.
You know, they're not, the Bush people are not only in full spin control on this war, but they're in spin control on this leak in the CIA operative.
Yeah.
Because they keep saying, person, we're not going to find the person, but it was two people who made the calls.
It was Osama and, uh, and Sodom.
Probably.
But then there's also a third person who broke the story to the Washington.
The Bob Moe.
Yes.
So there's three people right there who know what this, uh,
Sir, let me say this to you.
Okay, life will be a lot better for all of us if we don't even worry about these things until election day because the fact of the matter is the media is sleeping, the American public is sleeping.
You hear, uh, generally, you got morons out there.
Man, that's where America has become.
Minerals morons were immersed in Kaka because that's what the media has fed them for years now.
Right.
Uh, and another thing about Ann Colter, somebody mentioned her, you know, she made a remark that she wished Timothy McVeigh had parked his truck outside the New York Times building.
I mean, and they treat these people like they're, you know, like they're some kind of, like a responsible generalist, right?
I mean, it's maybe she can allope with Pat Robertson.
Well, that'd be a good pair.
But it's, it's just unbelievable that she's given, you know, a platform to expel, you know,
even on this front line show last night, what irritates me is that every time PBS does one of these shows, they have to spend about half of the time interviewing Richard Purl.
Well, what kind of credibility is he got?
None.
Zero.
He's, you know, he's one of them.
He's a spin doctor.
You bet.
Okay, now hang in there, pal.
Thank you.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
There's John Stamos looking pretty good, by the way.
Twenty till noon at QAM.
Hey, do you like scary Halloween fun?
Are you scared of the dark?
You think you like to be scared?
You have the guts to face your fears?
You don't know what fear really is until you work on this radio station and until you've survived Fobie House.
It's House of Masquerade's three haunted house.
Fobie House is recognized as one of the scariest haunted houses in the entire country.
It's scarce, scarce, and scarce some more.
If you think you can survive their collection of 3D Fobie infested nightmares, living dead things,
blood curtains, and other screaming horrors, all of these things, then come on down.
Believe the little ones at home.
This isn't a hunt for children under 14.
Just ask somebody who survived them before.
Fobie House is an experience you'll never forget no matter how hard you try.
Come on, Nancy.
Face your fears if you dare.
Fobie House by House of Masquerade's call 305-238-3351.
Mention the Ararger Show or Scott Purl and save a buck on admission.
Fobie House located at 121-05 South-Tixie highway in Miami, just 15 blocks south of the falls.
Scream started 7 p.m. this Friday as in tonight and Saturday.
Ah!
Oh, my Lord!
This is school 20 or 5-6 p.m.
You will, yeah.
I'm so glad for the fact that I got arms just, arms just, sitting with the butt.
You have a little butt, I have a lot everywhere I go.
People look at my jig one.
I've been in a fence that I got.
I'm just, I'm just, sitting with the butt.
When it comes to booty, oh, I have a lot.
No matter what I do, I'm known for my jig one.
One thing that I like, got a fan and a flag.
Loves my crack, I got that.
I shake my butt and the amount's rolling.
It's real, I thought I'd throw it up.
My jumps, bigger than all pruh, my boutique.
It ain't pony, it's so real me.
You could house a family.
I'm so glad for the fact that I got arms just, arms just, sitting with the butt.
You have a little butt, I have a lot everywhere I go.
People look at my jig one.
I've been in a fence that I got.
I'm just, I'm just, sitting with the butt.
When it comes to booty, oh, I have a lot.
No matter what I do, I'm known for my jig one.
1145 at 560, nobody to queue on.
Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job?
Because of their skin color, 58 votes.
And we got a battle going on.
Miriam Elephan's got 22.
Condoleezah has 20.
Clarence token, Thomas 9.
Bryant Gumball 3.
Donovan McNabb's got a pair.
Oh.
Greg Gumball 1 and M&M's got one.
Kind of a hook-shaped one.
Here's the article I was searching for.
And the reason I couldn't find it, I have it snatched in my Bible and the inquirer.
The one with Russia's push on the frontward shows all of them.
Pill stories.
Last Friday's Tom Beats post.
Friday, October, TURD.
Prescriptions overuse link to sudden hearing laws.
You hear me, Miguel?
Uh-huh.
One of the prescription drugs national radio talk show host Russia Limbaugh's alleged duo abuse has been linked to sudden hearing laws.
And a fiction that just coincidentally struck them about two years ago.
Just a coincidence.
At the time, doctors said they were unsure of the exact cause of Limbaugh's hearing loss,
but said that overuse of medication was not a factor.
Right.
Sure.
Of course they didn't know he was poppin' it.
Limbaugh wouldn't reveal the cause of his deafness.
Coincidentally, the House Ear Institute in Los Angeles where Limbaugh sought treatment,
discovered in 1999 that some of its patients would suddenly hear him loss it overused a common painkiller
that combines hydrocodone and acetaminophen.
This combination is sold under several brand names, like it in hydro-set, Norco, and...
LORSET.
LORSET, where have we heard that before?
Uh-huh.
Just so happens, LORSET is one of the prescriptions Limbaugh's former housekeeper said he procured for him,
and must be just another one of them strange coincidences.
Doctors at the clinic said prolonged use of the painkiller was a common factor among 29 patients with sudden hearing loss.
How do you like that?
And all that other good stuff.
Nice go on, Rush.
Pop another one.
5, 6, 7, 8, and of course, like I said, those people have become just totally unglued.
They don't know if it's scream or appeal of banana now.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah, how's it going?
Okay, sir?
Anybody call you about the Panther game last night?
I don't want a boy.
Okay, I went to the game.
No problem getting the ticket.
Ten bucks.
That in part, it was kind of frightening.
It was like, oh, anybody there.
That's not true.
Well, how many days they say about there?
I mean, I went down to the lower bowl, fifth row in the second middle of the second period.
Yeah.
And, you know, I mean, you know, the attendance was 17,200 and something.
And both Scott and Miguel were both there last night.
And they said that there were probably at least 15,000, which, you know, for opening up.
It isn't.
I love it.
They must be outside spoken, I guess.
I don't know.
Just when you watch the game, it's.
But there's probably anybody there.
I'm telling you, I watched the game.
I mean, I got there a little after the first period.
But the second third period, you can look.
There was so many empty seats.
It was not even funny.
The only thing I did watch, because I got the hockey package here.
I watched about 30 seconds early in the second period.
And it didn't look like there was nobody there.
But I'm assuming that they were all out in the hallway, farting around.
Probably all the other program on their cell phone.
Right.
But here's the best part.
After the game, I hung out for a little bit and bloodwashed your terrace.
And about 20 minutes after the game comes Mike Keenan.
And he started to pound him with the fans.
I mean, does that happen?
I was my jaw drop.
Hey, listen, if you were working at job, you'd probably do the same thing.
That's true, too.
Till four-way.
Okay, thanks for the Abogus report.
There's a guy that says there was nobody at the game.
See, there's more negativity.
They had 17,200, which is not a sellout, but nevertheless, against a pretty marginal boring opponent like Carolina.
It's not a bad crowd on a Thursday night.
And right off the, there was nobody there.
But see, they just, they just feed this negativity.
It just constant. It just doesn't stop.
Doesn't stop.
And by the way, for that schmuck who moved from Toronto down to there.
Let me just say this deal.
Okay, they're packing here.
Every one of them, even the ones that spell beds, smell a lot better than you do, plus schmuck.
On a Pakistanis and the Indians and the Chinese and the, you know, two family.
Can't all be red blooded Americans like that punk.
Stay where the hell you are, eh?
5, 6, 7, 05.
See, it's just astonishing to me.
It's like there's always this, it's like a one-sided battle, you know?
I say it's a sunny day.
Oh, you're wrong.
There's a big storm coming to you.
You better watch it, better baton down the hatches.
You just wait a couple of months when it's snowing up to your ass.
Oh my God, just a seething, hostile, negative, or a place.
Let me just say this to you.
Also, of course, there are a lot of losers who can't afford to live in places where, you know,
that it's a little pricey like Boston or Toronto or places like that.
Because they're schleppers and they don't have two nickels to rub together.
So they have to search for like a low rent district.
Like probably that guy lives in a Miramar or somewhere.
Would that be a good place for him?
Miramar.
Stick him in a higher lift.
And higher lift would be good.
Maybe higher lift gardens would be good.
One of them, $250 a month apartments would be excellent.
How about overtime?
Where the roaches are bigger than your mama.
Are you starting with that racial stuff again?
No.
You better, you know, you better watch it, mister, because you're going to be packing up right with your buddy,
you're going to have like a, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, same bus.
The two of you, man, you just don't know when you have it well.
Look at all the big bucks you're making.
Well, I mean, look at all the free hockey tickets again.
I told you a long time ago, do not listen to George.
Okay, he's a little Ojan provocateur.
He's looking to get your ass fired.
That's why I told you, whatever you do, don't hit that yellow square thing.
Okay, don't hit it.
What is this thing that they're doing?
Pots on the socks.
Stick that we use this time.
And Feng Shui is based on the principle.
No, Feng Shui, you're ass.
Okay, Feng Shui.
Oh my god.
Holy Toledo, as Rick Weaver would say, I miss Rick Weaver a lot, right?
Absolutely.
Those were the days.
Those were the good days.
Let's see, Jay Faxson says, the ultimate answer to your poll in the person who should have
inspired is none of the Queen of the Yanta operatives.
Oprah, that's an excellent one.
Oprah, they billionaireists for what reason we have no idea.
Another might be Robin Quivers or a Jew Fiedler who had been cut years ago if he was black.
That's good.
I like that Jay Fiedler.
That's a very good kind of like reverse logic thing there.
Is he what I'm saying?
True you do.
Robin Quivers, I don't think so.
She's there because she sucks hard.
Can you play the Crow Drop where he limits?
Oh, I want to play a whole bunch of Crow Drops because he wants to one with a phone number,
which is okay.
Like 567.
Oh, 8, 560.
But my favorite one is...
How about you, M and V, the trobin, the Meeb, the Blob?
Okay.
I will never forget that phone number.
That is the best.
Going locker room and pump, pump, pump.
Yeah.
So how many of you want to pick up?
Many remeres.
Now, you stepped on him.
Many remeres.
He is now warring Chromar to get the Crow on there.
We could just put the Crow if you like.
Here's another one says, please put Oprah on the list.
Well, she's already just there did.
Oprah.
She's just as talentless as Ricky Lake, but since she was the first black woman on the 8th and TV,
she's considered a talent so the Charles and four-lettered El Beach and Charles, you are...
Absolutely correct.
Alright, thumb right on it, Charlie.
That damn bitch.
Oprah.
She couldn't talk her way out of a paper sack.
Oh, but she's worth billions of dollars.
Yeah, well, tell me why.
Because her name spells Harpo backwards.
Bigs think and deal.
Talentless bitch.
Oh, speaking of crazy people.
Some very bizarre people, anyway.
I don't know if they're crazy or not, but they're certainly strange.
A Coral Gables Elementary School teacher and a volunteer aide were charged yesterday
with binding and gagging six-year-olds with heavy tape at a spudgment from misbehaving.
I bet you Tom Merge would be proud they finally found something to do with that duct tape.
The 8th is a felon on probation for armed burglary with a knife, cocaine possession, and grand theft.
The 8th County School administrators say they never knew.
Oh, this is gotta be one of the greatest things.
All your people with little kids in school should rest real easy, not?
The 8th County School administrators said they never knew because they don't conduct background checks on school volunteers.
Oh, oh, oh.
If this is not a critical problem, but is deemed an anomaly, what should it appear to be?
How many hairs are we going to split as superintendent Merritt Steerheim, saying the $70 per person fee for fingerprint checks on the district's 21,400 volunteers is prohibitive?
Where do we get to a point of diminishing returns?
In other words, if a few acts of orders get through, it ain't worth spending the money.
What an asshole.
Charge Thursday, where veteran first grade teacher Vanda Kristian, her close friend, volunteer Ivan Nieves.
Kristian reportedly did nothing to intervene when Nieves disciplined at least five students by taping their hands, ankles, heads, and mouths, please said.
The legends, instance, occurred between late August and September 11.
Who?
Kristian has been raising Nieves since 2000, brought her into the classroom despite knowing her history of arrest and drug use.
I can't understand how the school system would allow my precious angel of six years old, and that person's hand said Pedro Jareu, whose son Peter Anthony said he was taped by Nieves.
If Steerheim had a six-year-old in this happening, I think he changes too and immediately.
Both women were charged with five counts of child abuse. Nieves also faces five counts of false imprisonment.
They both were in jail as of last night, to which we say,
All right.
Excellent.
How do you like that?
Let me, I just have to read that to myself again.
The so-called teachers aid is a felon on probation for armed burglary with a knife cocaine position and grant that the county school administrator said they never knew because they don't conduct background checks and school volunteers.
And merit on an asshole Steerheim will help to give us the metro fail many years ago.
It says, Oh, well, we're just appointed a ministry return. We can't afford to be doing that. We can't we can do that.
How do you like that?
I wonder if Juan Medietta is still around the shoulder of a mayor of Penga, Picania.
Probably one of your people. You're probably good for what he's with, Juan Medietta, right? Miguel? Sure.
He's very similar to you. Well, he, you know, doesn't look quite as good. That's for sure.
Which of these people when you used to look pretty good?
Which of these people do you most draw? And by the way, has anybody come rushing in there? I know this is humorous.
Would a Czech abandoned pet rescue this morning?
No, we had to, Scott's over there holding the door back.
So, you know, not too many people bum rush the door at one time.
I got news for you. You could have Scott holding the door open, peering up and down the hallways.
And you'll notice the, the quick and pace of every been a hawk, fast they'd be running in the other direction.
Well, they're in the building, you know, the radio's not on in here, you know.
All right, they're listening to Power 96, they're not listening to this crap.
That's right, when we start doing good radio, then they might listen.
That's another one. It seemed like all of these chronics, you're like, they just got all lit out, you know, in the same week.
Like maybe they're like yesterday for like, maybe it's for Columbus Day, or maybe like for Monday is a Canadian Thanksgiving, eh?
It's phone time at the, uh, at the joint.
Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job because of their skin color?
That's our question on the neo-roger's dot com.
Kind of leads a 32, Miriam elephant 30. They got a battle going. How many's Miriam got?
About 30 man.
Parents Thomas 20.
And then it's small taters after that.
Brank humble five M&M five down about McNabbs got a pair.
Greg Gumball won.
We don't have Oprah on her yet, or J. Feedler.
Hey J, what do you say?
Why? Why? And local.
Here's sports radio five 60. She wins.
U-A-M.
Ah, this is Jim fellow.
I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing back on our manipules.
And that's when I listen to the neo-rofers 12 to 1 hour.
Hey basketball fans. What could be better than watching your favorite players slam dunk?
How about watching them get dunked in the slammer?
You can. With a all new NBA criminal league.
Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court.
This will be Miriam, hero live strong, Damon Stoutemire, Glenn Robinson, Chris Weber, Jerry Stackhaus, and of course Alan Iverson.
And he scores.
When all the NBA super stars are in lockdown, the action is locked up.
The NBA criminal league.
I'll tell you what happens, Mary.
It's gonna be awful tough to bring the NBA the most violent prisoner.
Oh, that's right.
They've gone from committing files to committing penalties.
And you can be a material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminal league.
See, that's what I call a dead ball.
The NBA criminal league.
I love these gangsters.
202 at 560, nobody to QM.
So last night on the front line, so one of the things they pointed out is that Dick Cheney, who they just had on CN moments ago,
liar, liar, your pants are on fire, baby.
He's got heartburn.
A year after they proved beyond a shadow of a doubt, the FBI investigated that so-called meeting in Czechoslovakia between the improv,
between Mohammed Ata and Iraqi officials, come to fight out that Mohammed Ata must have been like in two places at the same time,
because he was in Florida when I mean, supposed to have been taking place.
And the FBI made it very, very clear.
But nevertheless, a year later, Cheney comes on air, but he put about and repeats the same crap.
It's like the old, who was it?
Was it the Austrian, so the Germans who used to talk about the big lie?
Honored?
560, 705, 60, pound, 560.
Somebody suggests Johnny Cochrane for the list.
He wouldn't play the race card, would he?
That's a good one.
Johnny's Cochrane.
Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job because of their skin color?
That's our poll question today on TheOradJews.com.
And you might want to peruse Arnold's pulsing shlong on there too.
That's not going to be pulsing, it's like kind of limp.
130 votes, Maryam Elephant 45.
Now, what do you like better?
Do you like the naked picture of Arnold with a, that's going to be towel?
Or do you want to about the poor, what's his name?
Roar!
Getting carried away by Tigger the Tiger.
I haven't seen anything either, to be honest with you.
You haven't seen either one of them?
No, I'm just looking around at your chair right now and take a few pitos, man.
Oh, and speaking of Miguel, I was just listening on an audio,
El Presidente, that big emotional speech he made that pandery speech this morning about tightening the screw.
Now, so which picture do you like better?
Hold on.
Yeah, he's checking out what he's doing.
The Arnold one is a long one and a picture too.
You mean you're not even there yet?
No, it's just this opening page.
Oh my God, Jesus, one thing I got here, man, my internet connection is faster than like,
a mocha pick a dingleberry.
Yes, I can lie.
Yeah.
And.
There's a dollar bill.
And.
What about it?
Which one is better?
Where's the other one?
Other so-called good man.
Miguel is doing a show today, you know what?
Anyway, so Bush is talking about making tighter bands on travel to Cuba.
Of course, you already can't travel to Cuba from years,
but he's going to tighten the screws on it and,
and this way to near this, this is going to get Fidel out of there.
He's going to make for stronger signals for radio and TV marty.
So instead of Lucy, it'll be Lucy!
Like that.
Won't that be good?
Lucy!
What a joke.
Anyway, Miriam Eleffin's got 45 votes.
Condoleezza 37, clearance token, Thomas 29, MNM6, Ryan Gumball 6,
Dottabind, McNabb 3, Oprah's got only two so far.
Greg Gumball's got 1G Fielder 1, and we got to get Johnny Cochrane on there as well.
And anybody else you'd like?
560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Anybody want those Panther LA King tickets?
No.
We had one hockey call today.
The Panther won their home opener last night against the Hurricane 3-1.
You know how the frogs always say,
the Panther always like an assingular for some reason and out of this corner of their mouth.
Like Luke Robotai and John Critchin.
Somebody QA him, hello?
Hey, for me, oh.
WQA him, hello?
Hey, can I pass?
Can you pass the suggestions for the open of poll?
I can't stay on hold.
Only one.
Al Sharpton.
Al Sharpton's a reverent.
He's a man of the cloth, man.
What does that mean?
Because of his skin color?
Then you'd have to say that every dark, black creature,
like Jesse Jackson or something like that.
And what kind of crap is that?
Pick it on poor Al Sharpton.
And as much as I find him obnoxious and unacceptable, I will say this for him.
Any of the debates that I've seen and participate in,
he's always got the best lines, you know?
Of course, if they had any Republican opposition,
I know who'd have the best lines there.
Now, President, he's got a lot of experience with him lines.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on the 18 and T line.
Anybody want the Panther LA Kings?
We got three pair for November 5, my birthday.
Do you know what's all the interest in that Scott?
Oh, sure.
But what I tell you, nobody cares.
Just like, just like, and this is the truth,
I know we had the tapes earlier in the season.
We tried giving away Marlon tickets on the air.
George took Marlon tickets to his appearances at Treasure Island
and wherever else.
And not only were they not taking any of them,
but they were like giving him the tickets
to like, oh, I'll see if he can give these away, because we don't want them.
I went and sat first hand.
The same tickets that are now going for 25, 100 bucks on your scalp
to see the cups in a Marlon's now talk about front-running phone.
I mean, I'm glad, like I said, for the town something good happened.
I'm glad for Jack McKee and even though he's one of the God squad people.
A lot of times, he also really getting nauseated by what I got.
It's okay, Pudge, you know, he does it cross himself on every pitch.
A lot of those Catholics, especially the, well,
I guess only the Hispanics, right?
It's a spick thing.
Sure.
But when he hit that home run the other night and then start pointing to the sky at that point,
you know, I just, that stuff just makes me want to barf, you know.
Oh, I thought he was pointing at somebody, huh?
Maybe he's pointing to like his old man or something.
His old man is in the sky.
I don't know if his old man is a library, that he could be pointed at him.
Is his old man in the sky?
Don't you get it?
Uh-huh, I get it.
Don't you understand how ridiculous that is and how obnoxious and, and just,
it's just, I'm just tired of that crap.
Okay?
If you want to believe in your fairy tales, fine, keep it to yourself.
But don't keep poising it on everybody.
Oh, but I mean, you know, like Jack McKee and what had God stuff after they won the series of against the giants.
Or was there an after they won it?
Which one was it?
After they won a game that the extra eating game 11 and eggs?
And he's going on about the Lord, this and his on their side and Jesus and all this other horse crap, man.
The God Squad.
Jesus Christ, all my, oh, sorry.
Oi.
WQAM.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was voting for Ella Cahn.
I wanted to vote for Oprah Blimpley.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, you can watch that story and tomorrow, that frontline show, truth, war and consequences.
Uh, starting tomorrow, also, if you can go back and, uh, just bark around it.
Ah, awesome.
Check out one with John O'Neill, called the man who knew.
How he saw that?
Oh, yeah, it's good.
And also I think you're a spy report about Randy Rose.
Be smirking your good name and not saying all these good things about you.
Like what?
Uh, she was saying about how when she was down and out and you guys had some, uh, a vent to go to a camp.
Are you rendered or a car and got her out of sweet and stuff like that?
And I was really disappointed to hear you put a nice guy.
You really are.
Oh, sorry.
See you in the end, thanks.
Okay.
Bad for my image, Randy.
Don't be talking about what a nice guy I want to be a real prick.
That's what I want to be.
A hard ass.
We got large ass and hard ass.
Only he's popping a good ones.
Hey, how about some oxy-contains rush?
Come on a little.
Why do you think his name is rush?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16.
I can't wait to get the new inquirer.
I wonder when that's coming out.
Because this one had the front page story.
I don't, it's dated October 14.
Usually it's like dated about a week ahead, but when this came out it was week ago.
So it's like two weeks ahead.
And it's still on the, because every day I keep checking the news stand to see if there's
like a new one.
Because it's supposed to have some more amazing and psychotic stuff.
And I don't care what my good close former personal friend Scott Farell says.
The inquirer, they're pretty damn careful about the crap they put in there.
Okay.
He thinks it's just another one in tabloids like the star and the tatler and all that other
the weekly world news.
He don't get it.
Even Scott Jr., they're told me this morning that Farell sometimes he just don't get it.
And that what you said?
Yeah, it took a look at his face.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Better than usual.
Better than even the picture on our website.
Purple.
I'm sorry I was answering the phones.
What?
I said you're a polar crap.
Thank you.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, how's it going?
Pretty good.
Hey, listen, I know this is probably a bulletin for the people in the promotions department at QAM.
But, you know, we got a fixing file.
He's 50% of our promotion department.
He's sitting right there.
He can take it.
All right.
Well, you know, you're talking about the good work you're doing for the bad and periscute.
Why don't they get somebody's ass out of the ball game?
There were 60,000 people in that three days.
I'm sure maybe 500 people might want to buy something of 60,000.
There you go.
That would be 10 green.
I mean, like rocket science.
Right.
I'll take it out and take all that stuff out there just for you, bro.
Well, obviously.
I mean, you got 65,000 people.
I'm sure there's got to be 10, 20, 30.
You know, we'll see that.
I want to give you an idea of the difference.
When we were at WYOD, George and I, and we were doing the same thing, raised money for charity,
we, you know, it took a little bit of work in doing with the dolphin organization.
But we arranged the thing with a lettuce of pedal-ar stuff.
They didn't want us to do the t-shirts because they had it, because it would conflict with some of the t-shirts they sell, you know, with the TV.
But they let us do the CDs and the, whatever else we were doing on those days.
Right there in front of a dolphin game, we raised plenty of money.
In fact, I remember being in out of appearance.
That was the difference between, that was the difference between out of, but keep in mind, it's not Thoreen and Miguel.
It's the QA management as their attitude.
They don't give a crap. They give us no support.
All they want to do is just, you know, they give me a big paycheck, which is fine.
But they figure, well, that's all they got to do.
They don't want to lend you any tangible support, that's it.
Well, it just feels like there's such an event happen here.
And there's such an event town that, I mean, somebody can, I'm not going to ask you for a CD, man.
I'm just saying, I'm in nothing against Miguel.
I'm sure he's a great guy and everything.
He's not a great guy. He just happens to look good.
If he didn't look good, man, I'll tell you, we'd all be all over his ass.
Well, that's with anything. All the good looking people get everything.
That's right. In fact, I'm doing, I'm doing to do that pull next week.
That's even better than one day.
Even if they didn't let them go into the stadium, if they parked right on 27 and 199, should have said it.
Sure, you are absolutely correct. I couldn't agree with him.
Can I have the hockey tickets?
Sure, hang on.
Give him a pair, okay?
He's right. He ought to be working in our promotion department.
He could go out there in the university drive.
What does that mean? He could be at the...
I got to be at the tent. I got to be at Gagia. I can't be in two places at once.
Well, you know something. It seems to me we got so many flunkies running around that place.
We could get Scott right there to go out and do it.
What else is he doing besides picking his nose and yanking on a mose-dingle berry?
Is there free parking?
We'll leave the range for you to free parking.
Pick up line 9, dude.
Jesus. Yeah, pick up line 9 and take care of the guy in Quimper.
Am I giving him a job or tickets?
You're giving him both. He's going to be the new promotion director.
And he's going to the Panther Kings game.
My, my, my, and loo-goals. This is 430L by 60s.
Way, way, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Scott?
One moment.
Hey, you bastard.
Friday night on E.
It's the making of the Enrique Iglesias song, hero.
I can't be your hero, demon.
Everything is beautiful.
Oh, no, no, Charlie.
This is not what, uh, this is not what Enrique's fans want.
Yeah.
You need to get in there.
You need to get him to cry.
I know, I know, I know.
Um, I got an idea.
Let, let me see if this works.
Woo, you run.
Ha, ha, I know you won't.
Enrique, Enrique.
He hits my deer in it.
Guess what?
Santa.
He got kidnapped and the kidnappers.
What they want for ransom is you're just seeing the song or the kill Santa.
That is so sad.
Santa Claus is a beautiful man.
And yes, I will sing the song.
Please, cut the music.
And would you run?
And never look back.
Enrique.
Yes.
Look at this puppy on the TV.
Isn't he cute?
Yes.
She doesn't have a home that he's starving on the street.
Why would a doggy starve on the street?
But if he's selling up records by singing a song,
maybe we can find homes for all the little doggies in the world.
Would you tremble?
I'm sorry.
It is me, five toughs, children.
Hey, Enrique, what do you want for lunch today?
You have a big bacon classic from Wendy's.
Oh, they don't even sell that anymore.
They don't make it anymore.
Because you were bad.
I don't know what I'm doing, anything.
You know what, though?
If you sing your song, I'll make it for you.
Okay, make it.
Enrique, stand by.
This weekend on E.
It's an exclusive behind the scenes look.
If the making of the Enrique Glacier song hero.
Enrique, Enrique, Enrique, look.
This Benoit's pull is out.
And guess what?
Says you're not sexy anymore.
Don't miss the making of hero.
Enrique Glacier's Friday night on E.
Everything entertainment.
So that was chronic Pete the Boredop.
We just got the hockey tickets.
Good guy, though.
He deserves it.
He's okay.
Never stole a freight train.
That's a good lesson to you, Scott.
Bored-out old Boredops.
That's what they become.
Talk show callers and factors.
Arnold's blackout about Enron.
This was in the New York Daily News yesterday.
This is the fourth different article about the Kenny Lee meeting.
And of course nobody out there cares.
It's kind of a mood point now.
Anyway, I have to the election on this is written by one Gonzalez.
See, there you go.
There's one from Miguel Gonzalez.
I think he's came to speedy Gonzalez.
On May 17, 2001 after the third in a series of rolling blackouts in California.
Los Angeles mayor Richard Reardon in a small group of.
Top California business executives held a private meeting at the plush peninsula hotel in Beverly Hills to discuss the solution of these state's mounting power problems.
The main guest at the meeting in the man who asked Reardon to convene it was Kenny Lee, then CEO of Enron Corporation Kenny Boy.
This was five months before the Texas based energy firm collapsed in the biggest bankruptcy and corporate fraud case in US history at the time.
Also attending that main meeting with lay was Arnold Schwarzenegger, who this week was elected governor of California.
Other participants included Michael Milken, the former junk bond dealer, sentenced to 10 years in prison in the 1980s for insider trading, as well as the heads of several energy biotech and investment firms.
So what was Schwarzenegger, then just another Hollywood star doing in a private meeting with Ken Lee and all those high-powered business execs? Good question.
You think Schwarzenegger, who told California voters during the recall election that he was not a politician would have an answer?
He brushed off attempts by CNN and Ariana Huffington who subsequently dropped out of the governor's race to raise the issue by saying he cannot recall meeting with lay.
His campaign didn't respond yesterday, he requests for comment.
Arnold has a pattern not recalling Huffington told me, whatever happened in the meeting, why wouldn't you recall you were there? It's a case of total amnesia.
Last Friday, a series of internal N-RON emails released by the Foundation for taxpayer and consumer rights, which I read yesterday that the story, a California consumer advocacy group confirmed that Schwarzenegger attended the meeting and that the gathering was part of an N-RON campaign to press California leaders for electricity deregulation.
Schwarzenegger participated actively in the discussions that executive attended the meeting said yesterday.
In one of the N-RON emails dated May 11, 2001, a former company spokeswoman Karen Denny wrote to lay, working to set up two meetings, one in LA and one in Silicon Valley.
For the LA meeting, we'd like you to call Mayor Dick Reardon and ask for his help putting the other group of key influential business leaders, explain about our comprehensive solution, business support is critical to garner political support.
Lay represented a number of ideas, but there was a lot of pushbacks that the executive said who attended the meeting.
I do remember Arnold was one of the ones who questioned the logic of what N-RON was saying.
The meetings lay held came at a critical time in the state's energy crisis as Doug Heller of the Foundation for taxpayer and consumer rights.
Only a few weeks before the meeting, Lieutenant Governor Celia Cruz-Bustamade filed a $9 billion civil suit that leds Prousca, a price gouging by California's major power companies.
After months of skyrocketing electricity prices and third-rolling blackout, the California legislature had just passed emergency measure authorizing a $10 billion bond issue to keep the supply of electricity flowing.
Many Californians had reached the conclusion that deregulation and market manipulation were behind the crisis, and more than anyone else in the country can lay was the architect of deregulation.
After N-RON collapsed that October, internal company documents revealed company traders and other energy firms had fraudulently created other artificial shortages to drive up prices in California.
N-RON's major trader in the state, Tim Bellden, pleaded guilty in December to conspiracy to commit wire fraud and is cooperating with a Justice Department investigation.
When Schmortz-Negger was only a Hollywood actor, it didn't matter if he met with Lay, now his governor of the biggest state in the country it does.
Alcoa and governor, Gray Davis, requested that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission force the big power companies, including N-RON to return $9 billion stolen from California customers, Governor-elect Schmortz-Negger must decide what to do about that demand.
A few days ago, he released a 10-point program for solving California's huge budget deficit.
No where does it mention the state's energy crisis or the return of $9 billion to Californians? Let's hope the star of total recall hasn't forgotten that one, too.
Right, wrote one, Gonzalez, and yesterday's New York Daily News. Another one, there's about 400 articles saying it's telling the same thing, but don't confuse the public because he's a celebrity, maybe. It's IRL, it's the Terminator. In California.
God, there's so many stupid people in so little time, you know what?
And even Pete the board out there had some pretty good ideas about the fundraiser. Of course that's because he used to work at IOD, a real radio station.
Yeah, real brilliant.
What? If I put that out there, a million and a half people are going to want that for free.
Then I got to describe to a million and a half people the whole process.
So what are you trying to say that you're a pussy? Yeah.
See, another thing about this radio before too.
Another thing about this radio station, and that is that unlike in IOD where we had a whole bunch of people who were willing to do stuff like that, unless it has to do with sports, like even this thing about Bell South that you're hucking me about, unless it has to do with sports.
Then forget about it. We get nothing.
See, and that's the reason that our fundraiser every year. That's why I didn't even bother doing it last year, which was a good move on my part.
And now this year I see Gloom in Doom. If we raise 50 grand this year, it'll be one of the greatest miracles in history mankind.
Because I can remember about a month ago, you and George both saying, oh well, gee, it's only September. We don't usually start to like, well now it's the 10th of October. Okay, it's a turn over.
You turn and is the money pouring in?
No.
Are the dollars like, of course not. We have about 31 grand, 10 of which is mine.
I could do a better fundraiser out here on the corner with a tin cup. Spare some change, mister. I guarantee I could do better than that.
Just get a good set. Look on my push.
But that's the QMF and way, man. Unless it has to do with sports, it's not only not a priority. It just isn't even on the radar screen.
If it sounds like I'm bitching about it, you're right.
That would be QAM. Hello.
Neo, good afternoon.
Yes, sir. Good afternoon.
I'm doing okay.
Speaking of the LA King's, he's the LA Loft that game last night.
No, I did not.
Well, they were winning two to one against Detroit with Hashtag.
Oh, I saw it like 1.2 seconds left.
Yeah, I was driven. Yeah.
Wait.
They're not winning. They were winning. I thought Detroit won a game.
I'm saying that's how the King's lost. Detroit LA was winning two to one with four minutes to go.
I see. Sure. I mean, they scored. They tied it with four minutes and then they scored a winning goal with like 1.2 seconds.
Exactly.
Exactly. Yeah. Hey, you know, I'm a bit of a King fan now, even though I'm born and raised in Philly.
I like checkmonic. I wish they hadn't traded. I'm so I'm rooting for the King's a little bit now.
Well, good luck to you. You'll need it.
Yeah, I know it could be along your other banks up right now.
They got a decent team. If they're healthy.
Well, hang on. You got to take it. Hang on. Thank you, sir.
That's what he wanted. I mean, what's the point of putting the audience into a coma?
The audience don't care about the LA Kings. They wouldn't know Ziggy Palfee from Ziggy Steakhouse.
You know, they don't know from it.
Unlike her two big hockey fans there.
Now listen, I don't want to take the break yet because I don't want to because Scott obviously has got zero forwards in room.
He cannot walk and chew gum at the same time.
What if we take the break now? See what I'm saying?
And then pick up the phone.
And then you can pick up the phone and then you can like insert the claretts deep into your...
Reckon!
...and have really good breath arrest of the weekend.
My life in loco. This is 420516.
You way, you way.
God you die.
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Mans.
You Jean Thomas.
Trent LeBusher's nominee for the Supreme Court.
And you know, there's lots of people's I'd dare to thank just all of them.
I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college.
And it wasn't nothing but a pinjoy.
Well, maybe the cigar's I'd drink. I know a little bit of y'all.
Then they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got it much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight when I stop reviewing the LA Hall.
I don't just review the LA Hall.
Here y'all.
I'm in Tokyo.
Oh, right.
And I took it to the east.
I took it to the west.
And I'm in Tokyo when I look up Saturday, Okana's best.
Okay.
I'll be in Tokyo.
Let's go burn, y'all.
Club 32 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or has their job because of their skin color?
195 vote.
Miriam elephants start to pull away.
She's got 68.
Konda Leez has got 56.
Kharat's token Thomas 44.
He's doing well.
M&M 10, Brian Gumball 6.
Oprah's got 5.
Donovan McNabb 3.
That should make rush happy.
G. Peders got a pair of Greg Gumball 1.
How come I'm trying to cock when I'm under yet?
Nobody probably sent that to Eric, right?
It's probably a cyberspace.
It's probably lost in cyberspace.
Or maybe Eric is lost in cyberspace?
Which means everybody watch out.
Can you imagine him being lost anywhere?
WDQAM, hello.
How's it going?
Yes, sir.
About 1-0 we go up to Toronto for like a week.
And you get a little more fancy when you go up there.
It's quite nice.
It's kind of just cool.
People are nice.
They say hello to you.
And you get a lot more bang for your buck too.
Go to the UK, spend a lot of money and get a lot of stuff for it.
We're doing a short of some tickets.
For what game is that?
The King's Game of the Fathers.
Okay, at least you know who you're playing.
Okay, that takes care of those three two pair tickets.
It's funny that's what happens by second powers again.
Because I noticed after a really bizarre start today,
picking up where we left off in the last hour yesterday,
all the same nut cases again.
But once you have something that you're given away,
you're like for serious, all of a sudden everybody is so nice
and they love you and they agree with whatever they had you say.
And Toronto is the greatest place in the face of the earth.
And probably Amsterdam is number two.
And you're just the next to Brad Pitt,
you're the best looking guy.
Next maybe to Tom Brady and Tom Welling and whatever else.
You know what I'm saying?
Sure do.
But now of course that we gave away all three pair of the Panther King tickets
in the right now.
No more.
We ain't got no more.
Well, that's in that.
And I'll say it again.
How come all the sports shows on the radio station?
They're giving away baseball tickets for the Marlins and the Cubs.
Which Miguel used to give us all kinds of tickets to try to force us to give them away.
Then nobody wanted all the time.
How come he hadn't brought us any cup Marlin tickets?
I don't have a thing in these.
Well, who does?
I'm not saying.
No, I want to know who does.
Stop me mum.
I'll find out during the break.
Yeah, during the break we'll find out.
If you're either going to tell us or we'll find out behind your little little spick back.
Find out behind my spick back.
Right.
Isn't that wet back?
Is it durin?
No.
Is it Ray Perry?
No.
Is it Clarence?
Ah!
So my good close personal friend Clarence who can lick my fat pimply old Jewish ass.
Clarence is not providing us any Marlin cup tickets tonight.
Clarence who called me yesterday on the phone.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know.
The same good close personal buddy Clarence who's got a rotten nasty wanker.
Which is the reason that nobody would get anywhere near him even the beast no mo.
And he's not supplying us with any Marlin cup tickets.
Something that everybody would want.
And of course his rationale would be, oh well Neil does need those.
It looks to me like the rest of the season is pretty good except for five to eight a.m.
Looks like everybody else is doing pretty good.
Now a mad dog don't need to have tickets the other way.
No.
The Humper's sure his cell don't have to.
No.
Plus he's got an hour Dave wants that today's got a give me show.
No.
So what's that all about?
But we're not a sports show see this is the true colors of Clarence freaking the Thomas.
I mean whatever his name is Dero.
A sports nerd if ever there was one I guarantee his good buddy the beast has got all tickets he wants for his fed as.
Probably got free weenies and everything in the ballpark.
He'll be in telehathy.
Oh that's right he'll be a telehassy for that silly girls game between her coupons and Florida state.
I say girls game because college football is not like for like real adults.
It's for students and for people who had never grew up like the beast.
That's right we got that for a new tomorrow baby her.
Coons and a seminal's FSU now FSU's good this year or what so far.
Yeah we're ranked number five.
All right let's hear let's go.
Seminoles that's what I say right now.
Okay.
Kicks some of that silly her cool ass man.
I'm so sick and tired.
Oh it was silly.
Hurricane.
Blow.
Those heracune fan 90% 95% of never went to the university.
Never had a relative a kid or anybody else went to that university.
And I use the term university loosely.
But they're the silliest freaking people on the face of the they're the epitome of the bad wagon jumpers in South Florida.
I mean we've got them for the dolphins.
We've got them now for the Marlins of course.
We had them for the Panthers in that big year 100 years ago when they went to the Cup Final.
But I'm Tonya right now man or her a coon fan the phony phony is fun and this game is that Florida state.
But I guarantee if that game was in the orange board you'd have 80,000 whatever the hell the thing holds and 40,000 of it be seminal fans.
Am I right?
Not that man enough.
40,000 would be seminal fans.
Now who the hell what other home games did they play this year against what girls teams?
Don't ask me this question.
Come on Scott you can do it your sports nerd.
Thank you partner was talking to a caller what?
Well yeah both crap what other girl team did the hurricanes play at home this year so far?
FAU FAU how many how many people were at that game what was the attendance?
I did not play FAU.
Fuck third man.
You shiva what was the attendance for the you shiva game?
Hold Bart right our our PI.
See nobody can give me no information that's why we don't have a ticket skiboi because we have no sports news on the show.
Too bad George is near today he could probably spit those numbers right out.
He's got all the sports answers.
I'm waiting.
Men sports.
Football.
I give you the whole schedule right now in a minute.
No you're not going to be able to tell me what the crowds were that that isn't going to help.
Well everything's been a fellow so far.
Get out of here.
Hey games always get sold out.
You are so full of crap man you are so wrong that is the most bogus statement.
The king football.
For FAU they always put those extra bleachers in the.
For FAU when they play the gators and they play the seminals they sell out if they play Notre Dame they sell out.
If they play one of the usual week sisters in a blind they get like 30 40 thousand people in her.
Don't give me this light that they always sell out.
That right there proves that you can't complain about your credibility because you don't have any.
What a WDQA M Hello.
Increase their revenues.
WDQA M that's your friends at Bell South.
QA M Hello.
How you doing Neil?
Okay.
I don't want any tickets.
I don't agree with everything you say but I try to be nice anyway.
Well there you go.
You know you were right that if it ain't about sports then people don't know anything about it.
Especially on the station man it's all they care about.
Clarence he's got he was born with a football up his ass that's all he knows.
Not sure about that part.
Leaming.
But you know your poll exemplifies it because how people can think that Maryam Olifant has her job because of her color.
She's an elected official.
She's elected in Broward County by.
You don't understand she's elected but she's still there under duress, under threat, under penalty of death.
Well, Jeb tried to get rid of her remember and he can't do it because she's an elected representative.
Sir, we don't understand.
We don't understand the public should be claiming for her to be fired.
She can be fired.
Well the point is right is exactly there is a recall available option for that.
That is absolutely correct.
But nobody.
And the reason that they're not doing it is because of the fact that it's because there's pressure from certain ethnic groups in South Florida.
And you know as well as I do.
Well that, that, that, that, that, that.
She is demonstrated clearly that she is eminently unqualified.
She's incompetent.
Well, she was found not guilty on all of the.
And now, and now to save her ass, she's dispensing with all of the people around her.
She's, she's winning doubt.
She's blowing them out.
She's making them off of the camera views so that everybody else around her can be a skit code.
Well, you know, I understand the sentiment of the vote.
I understand what the sentiment of what it is at the shame.
But she's a, a number one.
She's an elected representative.
And number two, she was found not guilty of all of those allegations.
But sir, it's not a difference between not guilty and in competence.
There's a difference.
Well, I understand that.
But you know, I have a great day.
We consider and debate this and argue this all day long.
Maybe she's got Miriam Blowup at home, although I don't, he sounded a little light in the loafers to me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Land.
In addition to which this is what the public is saying, okay?
We have to debate whether the public has the right to have an opinion.
That's their opinion.
They think she's in F. They think she's incompetent.
And you know what? I think they might be.
Absolutely correct sir.
I am local. This is 5, 60.
The radio's on your phone.
Q&A.
So dumb as dirt.
Please don't say the F-RU.
Can't believe the language I hear on TV.
Every home of word is an obscenity.
All right.
The years to be that cable was a whole lot worse.
But now the networks let their act discurs.
There's no end in sight for this obscenity.
All the dialogue can take profanity.
Swear it like a sailor on a three day pass.
Words a whole lot worse than ours.
F-RU.
How will it be?
It forms out the F-RU network TV.
F-RU.
There's no telling when.
It'll drop one on a U-T-L.
That guy was hacking me about Miriam Elephant was elected.
So was great Davis.
Did he break any laws?
No.
Did he commit a felony?
No.
Any misdermeners?
No.
And they recalled it and they kicked his ass out.
They hated him like poison.
And the same is true with Miriam Elephant.
But he wants to go through this long ponderous.
But I mean, they don't like her.
Okay.
You got it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the ATT.
Now do we have those attendance numbers for the hurricanes yet?
I can't get on their page.
When they played the Nova High in the opening game of the season.
When I was in the first place.
I bet you're part of East Carolina.
East Carolina there.
Now that was a home game?
Yes it was.
And how many people did they have for the East Carolina game?
About 30.
No sir.
In other words, we can't get the number.
On our sports intensive radio station,
where supposedly everybody in there is born with a guy that
am jockstrap up their ass.
And we can't get the numbers for it.
And we got Miguel sitting there giving me a solid answer
about how they sell out every home game.
Which is, I'm going to tell you right now,
I'll bet Scott's life on it.
You got a bet.
Oh my.
Believe you me.
They do not sell out every home game.
They don't even come close to selling out every home game.
The only time they got like a big gigantic packed house is when the other team
is about 30 or 40,
and they're about 50% rooting for the other team like the Gators
and the Seminole and at Crab.
And the rest of the time when they're playing one of their pendent like,
like Hobart College from Geneva, New York,
there's about 15,000 people in there.
Plus a lot of people just living in the hood, you know,
just hang out a lot of illegal aliens.
You should understand that.
How are we going to get the number?
You can't get on their website?
Little by little.
It's very terrible for something like that.
And to think that I actually paid for that computer is pretty criminal.
Oh, he says Seminole?
It's identical computer.
5, 6, 7, or it's probably that them Bell South again at Crab.
And connection we got inside the building.
Wouldn't you think Miguel?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Which of these people do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job
because of their skin color?
Miriam elephant, the great Davis of South Florida, she's got 80.
Condoleezor, RISE 68.
Clarence, Token, Thomas 56.
Everybody else is way in the distance.
M&M 12, Oprah 10, Brian Gumbel 7.
J. Feedler's got three.
Oh!
Three for Donovan McNabb, the Rush vote.
Greg Gumbel, two and Johnny Cochrane's on it, but only one on 243 votes.
The way to QAM.
Yeah.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sir.
Huh?
Yes.
All right.
Challenge Condoleezor, RISE.
Definitely has their job because he's a nigger.
Okay, now let's see if you press it this time, Scott.
Yes, I did.
Good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I think Miguel did, too.
Well, good for him.
See, that's all pressed it together and the button, too.
WQAM, hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
I got a suggestion for your poll.
Yes.
The, uh, Squarth, the attorney, Willie Geary.
Who?
Willie Geary, the attorney up in Martin County.
I have no idea who that is.
I never heard him and neither did anybody else.
You ever hear of that person?
Who?
Geary, Willie.
I gave Willie's just from that call.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
See what I mean about the tickets?
Man, we gave away those Panther tickets.
Wait, wait, at least that's something or it's a good sign.
People actually wanted them.
We gave away three pair of Panther King tickets for November 5th.
Maybe they want them because it was my birthday, you know?
And they figured here I am given out tickets, even though it's my birthday.
I'm given out gifts to everybody else.
We could have said it for a van hit.
I'm thinking about ordering a hit myself.
WQAM, hello.
You needed to educate home.
That's your friends at Bell South again.
WQAM, hello.
Yes.
One thought came to me.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, I'm wondering if you saw Michael Moore on the Conan O'Brien show the other day.
No, I did not.
I saw him on CNN yesterday.
It was so late at O'Brien.
He made a monkey out of her.
He made her look ridiculous.
It was like he felt he was wasting his time and he was right.
Yeah, he was pretty good on Conan.
He talked about pushing binlons and how they had a 912 and 913.
They were flying the binlons around the country.
The family.
Right.
Yeah, I get stuff like that.
But he's very severe seeing it.
No, I'm going out this weekend and getting this new book.
I do where I was my country.
You got it.
Okay, thanks, Pallee.
Yeah, I didn't see that Conan O'Brien.
I don't watch that.
And I go ahead.
I don't stay up to watch those late nights shows.
I got to get up early and I'm going to entertain the public.
One's that going to start.
Why don't we start doing good radio, Scott?
As soon as I leave the air.
Maybe when that punk kid, maybe when somebody offs him,
maybe at that point, we'll start doing good radio.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Don't let me forget it in the 11 o'clock hour.
It's a very, it's a long, not really long.
But about Steve Win who's got this story about sick freedom.
Right.
And about the tiger.
No, really.
Now you didn't make any comment about that picture, Miguel.
All you were talking about was Arnold's penis.
The 20 of the tiger?
Right.
That's hilarious.
It's spectacular.
It's in very poor taste, which of course is why I like it.
It is, it is.
It is hysterical.
I think the woman Arnold is in poor taste, dude.
That's what Maria said.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, God, how's it hanging?
All right.
All right.
He just thought I'd let you know.
Don't want no tickets.
Just send in my arbitrarian ratings.
Two of them.
You're in them.
All right.
And Scott Ferrell in the Mad Dog.
Love you, man.
All right.
Have a nice weekend.
You too, thank you.
That's the kind of call we like right there.
That's one of our people.
He don't want nothing.
He supports us.
He's with us.
And all that other crap, right?
That's what we want right there.
Unsolicited call.
That's right.
What do you mean unsolicited?
We can't ask people.
We can't solicit.
God, you are such a moron, man.
Seriously, we've had the, the beener boy, you know, with all his personal problems.
We've had such a succession of losers in that building.
I mean, go away, way back.
And you, I got to be honest.
You're in a league of your own, you know?
I thought I was just carrying on.
No, no.
You're just, you're in a, you're in a special category.
They haven't invented the category yet.
But when they do, I'll let you know what it is.
5.670.560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
You notice there is no Bell Soft Mobility Line, like we used to have many years ago.
But that's another story for another day when Miguel doesn't dare to sit and get all bent out of shape.
Oh, line nine.
That's always an adventure.
WQAM, line nine.
Hey, Neil's wondering why he's got so many morons calling him.
Yeah.
The mic name is the full moon.
Oh, is that what it is?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
How do you like that?
I thought I was going to be a shot at you, man.
Oh, you were hoping.
You were hoping that you were a prick.
Pac-a-moon.
Yeah, it's the...
Pac-a-moon.
And the full moon, too.
Pac-a-moon.
Oh, we missed her so bad.
The thanks for calling, lady.
Rest in peace.
We would like to say...
Have the season pace are.
Even once the wrong holiday.
But that's open.
Have the season pace are.
Try another one.
Happy plan.
There you go.
We missed her so badly.
She was a sweetheart.
She was one of the nice people in South Florida.
Of which, of course, they're only about...
About third, man.
Yeah.
And that's like 29.
Well, thanks to that guy, man, oh, man.
And don't forget speaking of ratings start in the next Thursday at 1 o'clock.
That'll be the unfolding, the new mom of the mystery of the riddle.
The riddle.
And, of course, even though it's going to be...
We know what it's going to be.
The morning drive.
We know who's going to have the numbers and who's not.
Absolutely.
But all the way...
By the way, we have...
By the way, 5,825.
How are we?
For the ECU game.
65,825.
And that was the opener.
That was the home opener.
Homecoming.
So that sounds like 15,000 empty seats.
Doesn't it?
So I guess your life is safe, Scott, because right there that don't sound like no sell out to me.
No.
No, I mean, that is pretty good against the rules.
No, I mean, that is pretty good against the rules.
No, I mean, that is pretty good against the rules.
No, I mean, that is pretty good against the rules.
No, I mean, that is pretty good against the rules.
In the orange bull, the attendance is 80,000.
With the seats in the end.
80,000.
Don't try to make up stories for me, Mr.
because I used to go to the orange bull before you were born when I had to...
Believe me, that place was a toilet, which is what it needed was toilets.
That place is a pit.
When all your countrymen are busy charging 50 bucks to park out of lawn.
And what are your cockfights at hand to title?
Anyway, 65,000 is what...
And what if it doesn't make whether the sellout is 72, which it's not?
Or what number you're going to pick out of the year?
Because 65,000 is not a sellout, is it?
No!
For a homecoming.
No!
For a home opener.
No!
Against some little girl schooler to blind.
No!
It's a front-running phony outfit.
The whole thing is like a deck of cards, man.
If they ever have a season where they lose two games in the same year.
But I'm bang, man.
That's going to be the end of that program.
So we're going to do that.
By the way, down it, what?
That's already happened.
Well, I'm just telling you right now.
They're going to have a nervous breakdown of it.
It's like Notre Dame, which by the way, let's hear it for Notre Dame.
Oh!
They suck all of their kids.
Really good looking.
That quarterback.
What is his name, Brady Quinn?
Brady Quinn.
See?
The good one.
I can't remember anything else.
The other guys don't forget.
For the guys like Brady Quinn, they're on the tip of my tongue, I wish.
We are sports radio 5cc, QAM.
Oh, this is Arnold.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
Oh, right.
Oh!
I don't know.
Oh.
I don't know.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
What's better?
Oh.
Oh, should they explain it to me?
Or is that they have a speciality to be respected?
Very good.
Oh.
Oh, make it general.
Ok.
She's a very strong second kind of Lisa right behind Miriam Olofant 73 votes to 88.
You know I'm thinking about clearance and I'm thinking evil things you know like I'd
like to stick him right inside of Moe's back to him.
I really would just make him disappear.
Goes to Shoya that he just in fact I think clearance our program director probably
resents the fact that this show always gets the highest ratings on a radio station
because it's the only one that's not a sports show that probably just
brushed his little skinny ass.
And what do I do from the state?
Huh?
Do you want to give away a promo on the ticket?
Well where we gonna get him?
I'll take it from the other show.
Well what, Whitman?
Scott are you listening to what he just said?
I sure did.
This is the same man who told me see you see just because I'm the old man you think my
Alzheimer's kicked in.
And you just got through tell me no hour hour and a half that you have nothing to do
with it's not not your job.
With the placing though but I could take it away from the other show.
Nobody know how can you do that.
I'll scratch off the thing and put no you don't have a give it.
You'll scratch off your thing?
Yeah.
Yeah that's because I'm not there to watch.
You get a fair way if you want.
You'll scratch off the what?
Give away a pair if you want.
Well it's you could done this a long time ago you little spec yeah but it's much more
fun the other way.
Oh I see just a torture and I see it's like basically saying to our audience well screw
you people you're not the sports nerds so you'll have to tune into the mad dog or the
Humper or one of those to get said these for tonight.
Well they're already been into here though.
Are they for the night's game or what?
They are then but that's the point.
No but the fact that they're already tuned in the here means we'd like to reward them
for being loyal listeners like that last guy to call before that wrote us down and we
can't say arbitrarian stuff like that you know people like that that are nice to us
not just not all of our people just to call us our assholes about 80% of them.
We do have a lot of nice people who listen it's like when you start going to those
appear appearances it's it's a oh gee this is the new Roger's crowd.
No those are the groupies the groupies I remember that people are from a mental institution
well somebody said that.
Sure said that.
Who?
Troy.
Troy.
Remember he was scared that day of Brandy's?
Oh it was well he ought to be scared of Brandy's okay that's his hood.
Neil.
Yes nice people who listen right?
Yeah.
How come they don't call?
Because let me ask you how many times have you called a talk show in your life?
Well he's a talk show guy he's called many times.
You have?
About 30.
What?
You're a talk show caller?
No.
How many times is let me ask you again how many times have you called a talk show in your
life?
Okay let's go to McGill okay why are you thinking about that?
How many times have you called a talk show?
Never.
Never.
How many people do you know other than the groupies that come to our appearances how many people
do you know who call talk shows ever?
No I'm not going to ask you any more questions because with you there's only questions there's
no answers there's just dead air.
That's going to be your new nickname Mr. Dead Air.
My friend's not allowed for me is that most people have a life especially this show is
on in the middle of the day it's not like we're on like late at night when all the drunks
in insomniacs want to call 80k and find out what they they cover to spread on a ball
game stuff like that.
This is right in the middle of the day most people have a life.
That's not true.
Well that's right while Sam and Toronto are forgot.
Most people here have a life.
I wonder if that leafs game is on again one of those exhibition games.
Oh leafs lunch town they can build that bone cast letter.
I'm sorry.
I mean leafs lunch on leafs TV I can just imagine a soft floor to panthers TV.
The panthers with their own TV network.
Why can't you see that?
The Hickler home.
What's on this?
Oh there's the Dan Sniders to rig in.
They said although Atlanta one last night for Dan Snider to one you see that?
No the thrashers one two to one and they they dedicated the victory to Dan.
He's up there in the sky or he was somewhere.
How many goals Danny Heatley scored?
So anyway how many times you could call talk show Scott?
Oh about 30.
Nine.
Because we'll give away a pair of tickets to Sarcan now the phones are starting to like
vibrate.
Look at that.
We'll vibrate.
But we'll get to them eventually.
For Sunday's game right for getting out.
Let's see because it's tied to the game of peace.
So that means they definitely will be a game five.
That is correct.
Good game.
That could be the deciding game after the Marlins kicks him ass tonight and again tomorrow.
That could be the clinching game that sends the Marlins to the world serious for the second
time in franchise history against the Yankees.
Oh well that now you're not going to be rooting for the Yankees if the Marlins went on
the series are you?
Of course I am.
You're going to be rooting for Yankees against the Marlins?
I'm not I'm not even going to the game tomorrow night that have tickets for us.
I'm going to the brewing game.
I thought it was the Panthers brewing game.
Yeah he's going to the brewing game that the Panthers game right.
Those are where your tickets are going man.
Boy I'm going to tell you something Mr. you oh boy and you're just waiting to come to
my house for more hockey tickets okay.
Casino Mogul Steve win is one of the people who know sick free and.
Roy the best.
He's one of the duo's closest friends and hired the illusionist when he built the Marigian
90 even build a special theater just for their show for sick free then.
Roy when gave an exclusive interview to Las Vegas channel eight eyewitness news anchor
Gary Waddell Wednesday he says that what happened Friday night was a fluke something that
should have never occurred and something that no one could have foreseen he continued
to say that even as.
Roy was being carried off stage by the Tiger he was saying he didn't want anything to
happen to the cat.
Even though when was an in Idaho Friday night when the incident happened on stage he
was one of the first people called he flew home Saturday morning and then went straight
to the hospital to visit.
He then began the task of trying to figure out how something like this could happen.
Now wait till you hear this this convoluted this is amazing and maybe he's right I don't
know.
What about the ladies that thing?
The ladies with a big freaky hair.
When said for sure that Montacore didn't attack.
Roy.
He said that reports that.
Roy.
Was attacked or false a string unfortunate events led to the Tiger carrying.
Roy.
Off stage is if he were a cub Montacore would never attack.
Roy.
In a way the Tiger was trying to protect them he said.
When spoke to many people were on the scene and pieced together the following new information
so I guess you've already heard this right.
Yes.
As as fascinated and distracted by woman with a big hairdo in the front row.
Instead of Montacore going down facing forward with.
Roy.
He did a 90 degree turn kind of like the way that Clarence does with the beast and face sideways
toward the woman with a big hairdo for whatever reason Montacore was fascinated and distracted
by the guest sitting ringside.
Montacore got down at all fours and put his 26 inch head forward.
Which is away from the woman.
She thinks this was adorable and part of the show and she reaches out and tries to rub
a munderers chin.
Meanwhile is talking and sees this move that's way wrong all the way around as usually
heroic fellow that he is.
Roy jumps between the woman and the Tiger.
At that point.
Roy.
Try to get the Tigers attention by pulling back on the leash and saying no no no no no no.
Come on get up.
Get up Montacore as if to say no I'm not ready yet doesn't respond.
Meanwhile continue to command him to get up.
The Tiger gently reached up and grabbed right arm with this jaws between.
Roy elbow and wrist in a very gentle way.
Roy did not receive as much as a scratch on his arm there was his costume torn.
That's how General Montacore's grip was on.
This behavior is similar to how a house cat or dog might react as a general warning without
hurting the person it loves.
Meanwhile loudly commanded the cat to release its grip by saying no no no no no no no.
Release release several times.
He had to whack him with the rubber microphone several times to try to get the Tiger to release
the grip.
This didn't hurt the Tiger but did make it a loud noise.
Meanwhile continue to pull on Montacore's leash not realizing that the Canada put its
big paw behind one of his legs.
Now.
Roy calls backwards on stage over the paw of Montacore lying flat on his back.
Four stage hands rush out and jump on the cat.
Montacore gets confused.
He's supposed to be with.
Roy walking off stage.
What's going on here he wonders.
That's what the meanwhile.
Roy flying down in front of him with his feet toward the audience his head toward the
curtain Montacore gets up and his cool as a cucumber leans over and picks up.
Roy like a cub on the right side of his neck not a bite not an attack he picks him up.
There was no damage to.
Roy.
Neck but there were two puncture wounds and one of these those teeth went through.
Roy.
Vertical artery severed it with the one behind his neck that's what caused the stroke and
massive bleeding putting him in a near death situation.
Montacore picked up.
Roy.
With all the X-7 to walks with perfect blocking corn of the act does his exit at the right
speed right off stage left and goes into his cage which is where he goes to get transported
home like a good boy.
He goes into the cage and tries to bring.
Roy.
And with him stage hands back stage user technique that made Montacore release.
Roy.
They closed it around Montacore and.
Roy.
They bleeding on the floor.
Then.
Roy.
As far as the UMC.
Win underscored that the animal was acting to protect.
Roy.
He explained that during a lethal attack a predator's instinct is to violently grab its
prey by the neck vigorously shakes its head snapping the neck of its prey.
This is not what happened.
That's what tiny used to do like with the little the little lizards you know.
Ever see a dog grab a hold of something like shake it like violently like.
Mm-hmm.
Ever see that?
Yep.
And Gary Wydell was with Steve when he got a call from Bernie UMansigfried and.
Roy.
He was a manager.
UMans said they had just brought.
Roy.
Oh, this is today.
They just brought.
Roy.
Dog division in the hospital and that.
Roy.
Have responded by petting his dog.
How do you like that?
So he's making a little bit of a comeback there.
You've sadistic bastards and wasn't I just talking about dogs only moments before I'm
telling you I'm scary.
Ignoma stick of I really am.
Just look at me.
Definitely.
12 minutes past one.
So what's it you were given away a pair of tickets for Sundays game of the cover of
the covers in the Marlins at P.P. Park.
If you throw a fist.
Well, what what what's going for the goose is good for the dander an it.
How's wrong with you people man you sports nerds you silly ass bastards.
If it isn't sports it isn't crap that should be the bumper sticker if we had any which
we don't that should be a QM bumper sticker.
We only have the O Rogers on because we need to because of those numbers and all the
money is bring on but if we really had our drawthers we like to stick that old fag
and lake Ontario and ship his float his old body off the strung moral hospital and
Rochester where he was born a hundred years ago.
That's what they'd like to do.
They'd like to discard all of us but we're just like a necessary evil.
That's the way they look at it.
That's why this business blows Greg it blows.
One 13 how is the Miriam Auto Fan doing she's got a hundred one votes which of these people
do you most strongly believe is successful or has a job because of their skin color.
Miriam 101.
Condoleez 79 justice clearance Thomas.
Parents token Thomas 63 and then it's weighed on M&M 15.
Oprah 13 brand Cumble 8.
Greg Gumble 4.
J. Feedler 3.
Donovan McNabb still has three and Johnny Cochrane's got a pair.
I'll talk about a pair really interesting people Tom Leman and Joe Prieto.
They're a real pair and Haleth Pontiac GMC and they'd like you to know that the 2003
Nier Rogers blowout sale is still going on right now at Haleth Pontiac GMC.
Get yourself the lowest prices anywhere in town at Haleth.
Here's Nier deal number one.
Save up to $7,000 as Haleth offers you the highest rebates of the year plus deep deep down
into your pantaloonies discounts on all remaining 2003 models including the Yukon and the
Onbowaxl.
Nier deal number Odozskid 0% financing for up to five years and listen to this you can
lease yourself a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT at Haleth Pontiac right now for a mirror
259 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and you pay only 25 hundred bucks
out of pocket and hell it is always as they've had for a long time over 35 years and unbeatable
selection certified pre-owned price-prixion SUVs that you can bet Scott's life on that's
how good they are and if credit is a problem like for Scott Jr. there or for like maybe
once hung out with Jeff the forest maybe you still like hang out at the Indian joint.
If you have a credit problem it's a very rarely a problem at Haleth because they'll work
with you real close in personal to make sure you get a deal.
It's the 2003 blowout sale that's going on right now at Haleth Pontiac GMC.
134.01 South Fixie Highway that's US one across in the falls open every day seven days
a week.
If you want more info on these great Nier deals called the Nier deal hotline toll free
at 1.885.3440.11.
That's 1.885.344.4211 don't forget all these Nier deals submitted to credit approval
Sierra friends and haleth for all the details that's Haleth Pontiac GMC who definitely
be professional grade.
He's trying to take over the P.O.O again from that Muhammed what's his name?
If he's to succeed he needs some help.
No kidding I mean what is up with that do rag?
I mean it's so 5 minutes ago.
Really?
And that's crackly beard.
I mean who are you?
It's going to be our biggest challenge ever but we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe
and transform yes or from a ringo star look alike to a well he's still going to look
like ringo but just cleaner.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
Oh we're going to be doing just a ton of things.
On the next queer eye for that Palestinian guy Thursday night tonight.
One nineteen at five sixty the latest CNN Gallup pool.
Democratic contenders for present Wesley Clark 21% Howard Dean 16% John Kerry who looks
old and scary 13 years time with Julie Berman with 13 this is nationwide.
Dick M. Hart only 8% for Dick Al Sharpton 6% Carol Mosley Brown Brown 4% for John Edwards
and who's young and Dennis because it is just got about six people who know who he is
and who's who might let that answer it.
Right?
Okay.
And Bobby Graham he's already dropped out.
What a shame we like you Bobby Graham we respect you we like appreciate your honesty.
You did a good job in exposing these fascist we got in there right now and all the bull
crap and about the fact we got all these other terrorists we ought to be worried about
etc and so on but nobody's paying no attention to because they're worried about Kobe
Bryant ball games and what's the other thing what then Joe millionaire.
And Roy and of course exactly that little putty cat.
Now how do we want to give this pair of tickets away now is this going to put you on the
out with clearance no.
In addition which when you say you can you can change from one of the other shows how
many parod just out of curiosity not necessarily my business but I'll make it my business
how many pair tickets are you be given away one for show.
So who's tickets you're going to take away they're going to piss somebody off then.
Well Mad Dog yesterday says he listens so I'm going to pick it from hammer.
He listens oh he listened to this show right now he does listen to this show Hank
questions of this show you crazy damn it he sure not listen to Romy he's not going to
make that mistake again remember last guy it was not with Romy absolutely yeah Hank did
it first all we forgive him because we like Hank but in the other case we hate the other
one absolutely that was under consorting with the enemy.
Oh well I didn't check the affiliate list by do listen to it every day.
Oh man brother talk about that corner I'm bigger part of that was somebody else not
Rome whoever the hell what what difference does it make who was she there he goes correct
at me again so you're going to take him away from here.
That's not right taking him away from Hank well I can't take it from the morning show
they're already gone.
Now did Mold give away a pair this morning yep let's take away the pair let's find out
who they probably got him in a out front at the desk.
I'm on it huh I'm on it yeah let's deal the ones that Mold gave away and just we'll
give him away instead of somebody else because anybody who listens to Mold show is our
enemy anyway so we we hate them like poison.
Yeah you know what I'm saying absolutely good you piece of crap you now we can't do that
because that can you imagine the scene he would make then oh my god he probably he'd
probably fall out on the broadcast booth in Jacksonville Sunday who which mad dog we
go all right all right probably have a party so anyway we'll take out the Humper's tickets
he's not going to worry about it okay is he you think yeah I don't want to ruffle his
feathers man I mean you know it wouldn't be right you mean to say a big shot station
like ours doesn't have and man what about my tickets for this serious serious.
Yeah yeah how the hell are they going to get those and what if John decides he wants
to go to the game well I said like I said let's give away hands to get screw
hand five six seven oh five sixty you know I'm saying hopper don't take it personal
but screw you you know like anything else you know first online first come first serve
we got him we're gonna grab him so all right if the tables were turned he knew the same
damn thing wouldn't no well too bad five and let's see a lot look at the lines are
full minute them off they're all ringing like crazy I haven't decided how to do it
yet though because if we're gonna steal a hanks tickets and give away a pair of tickets
for Sundays Marlon Cove game we should at least do it creatively and to kill some really
good times shouldn't we yeah you got about you know 40 minutes oh god almighty four minutes
to kill I feel like I've been here a hundred hours today with all their respect to Scott see
it's not Miguel it's a problem today it's Scott who at least you have the same answer to
any question that anyone that asks you want to show you know what the answer is that's
it you just you just heard it dead air silence the sounds of silence how many times you call
the talk show Scott yeah what was the attendance at that the in no matter what the question
is it's the same response yeah silence dead air and don't be starting to play Robert
Creeper drop in either if you want to keep this job another white wing piece of
turrets he would Miguel he's right when piece of crap but we like him but in in Robert
Creeper's case we don't like him in addition to what he's like he's associated with that
goddamn early morning show absolutely we just follow he hates more too like poison Robert
Creeper hates you mo because I know you're listening do you know what other shows do what
is it they wrap up a lot well we give the tickets to ever donate the highest amount to
rescue no we don't we don't play the seat you know we don't do that I hate doing that that's
just I understand where you're coming from that would be nice but no okay by the way you think
Moza I'm listening I know it fine we hate you Mo everybody we just took a poll it's unanimous we
took that survey yesterday about the recall mo even more than gay Davis they want you out
right now oh you T marching orders here for you Mo out thank you very much I appreciate that
no problem at all and don't come back from Jacksonville either absolutely idiot oh now look
at this I see he's on the he's on the menu on the thing for next week for Monday morning how's
he gonna do that how's he gonna gonna come back all the way from Jacksonville and be able to do
a Monday morning show doesn't he's like his beauty rest so now what are you saying what we
ought to do is like put all these people I'm almost see w the Q a.m. Hello yeah the ill yes sir
I got some news for you maybe you know more now okay you're you're friends back and down
who's that Rick Rick yeah we know that's all news plus you're two old two no no old people are
going to get to tickets for me okay if you're over the age of a hundred forget about it
scores I love how you want yeah but there's Arnold playing the banjo whether it's playing what
an idiot what an asshole man just unbelievable I think they deserve him out there that's what they
want they got him I think the punk that clogged yesterday even who is an idiot I think he was
right why should we worry about it right right just because it's another right when fascists take
over another way to undermine the electoral process why not sure would we care will it got all
these important ball games coming up and you know what else is coming up even more important
and a ball games damn it's the only reason I wish that I was there right now tonight
Pompadot Park opens its 40th anniversary season of Great Harness Racing tonight don't forget we
got a new post-iamid Pompino 705 pm for the first race poker room is open from noon till midnight
every live racing day including right now as I speak if you like or poker Pompadot Park opens
seven days a night so week featuring the best and hardest third-hand highlight action
simul casting from all across North America for you to watch it of course plunge your lungs on
and don't forget sam eating swiss cheese now you shouldn't have done that and don't forget that
general parking general mission always free at Pompadot Park new this season at Pompadot a 20%
increase in purses a nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher and a revamped free power play
rewards program that gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker that you can
redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers and opening night tonight the first 500 fans a
18 and over we'll get a free two dollar pick for a wager special dollar night beer for beers hot dogs
sodas and lots more plus tonight is family fun night at Pompadot Park with free mini horse rides
and face painting a live radio broadcast from some bogus radio station and free drawings to get
into the money machine with a thousand dollars inside and you can also win seascapes winners
slash cruise tickets at Pompadot night lots of reason to get their plus you won't miss the ball game
because you can watch the marlins and the cubs tonight and tomorrow also at any of the over
thousand tv sets all around the track so plenty of guts enjoy the ball game have a great time maybe
you're lucky when some of those prizes at Pompadot Park the block south of Atlantic power boulevard on
power line road for the new racing schedule called 972 2000 or go on the web at Pompadot Park.com
don't forget opening night tonight first time a post time for the first race 705 at Pompadot Park
you
only cow
Neil Rogers is right the cubs
start
oh yeah yeah you two will go the uh have a good day of paradise okay
get lost you're fucking part of it
hey you how it David
yeah that's right star a stage screen and paradise say you look like we'll
that's goes i is will jiblin yeah but you're dead to sure you make the get behind the car
pull up for pull up white i said get move
what do you what do you what do you require
for how do you want to get your hands off the merchandise screen
of you want to get all right all right
someone but the smoke is down here in the garage
hey what do you require of me i require you drive your pads
now and i'll see here right now
okay drop it up we are the you're like it
how the man doing okay i'm not drunk here is that nice i said
bend over now yes
squeal like a way
see that's kind of nice
well you're going don't i get it didn't
well jiblin he re-toward
oh 132 at 560 WNQ and you know the lines are like
smoking that we're going to give these tickets away
or wouldn't you think that if they were really
desept they're going 2500 bucks a piece
now where are these tickets are these like
primo tickets or i don't know what they
say uh i'm not saying where they are
oh they're banned they're they're like
they're like balls right
they're nosebleed tickets yeah they're up there
but still if people want to like scout these they'd probably get like what
500 400 you still get a lot of money for yeah
exactly no matter if they're like they're in
they're in the ballpark we're not going to say
exactly where they're not like right behind
where a Wayne was supposedly sitting right
behind a dugout but they're in the ballpark
yes and that's it but i don't i don't even see line 9
ring and now i'm not uh let me do this other
star which i find most interesting right on the hills of the first one
about Steve win
animal experts say tiger meant to kill
bro now we're talking animal experts
yesterday disputed a theory that a tiger
accidentally maw mawled
horn of the duo sick freed and roi
saying the 600 pound animal was going for the jugular
kind of like something encoder or misfudge would do going for the jugular
the cat wasn't trying to protect him say Jonathan craft
who runs the Arizona based non-profit group
keepers of the wild that was a typical killing bite
he said i admire the guys i just think they're
setting a wrong message craft said the message needs to be these are
wild animals not that these are people they ought to be uh
that the creatures you ought to be taken home as a pet like that asshole in
New York who was trying to recreate the garden of
eaten he's lucky that the line didn't decide he was
going to be eaten him or like whatever it was
horns partners secret fishbockers said when
the interviews on CNN and ABC that the animal had been tried to help
horn after the illusionist slipped during friday's performance
fishbockers said he was backstage when the world white tiger
named monocore took hold of horns neck and dragged him off stage
they must know that i've been about to just putting the last name on here and
not putting thank you very much for doing that whoever worked his story at
a p show workers set off fireworks thing were
used to distract the tiger with then scurry to his case now that's not what the
other story from Steve wind said it all was it nope the other story said he'd
like finished off the act and dutifully went right to his cage and tried to drag
uh right in there with him fishbockers said horn
muttered after the attack don't harm the cat
Lewis Dorfman a Dallas animal behaviorist said fishbockers a kind of an accidental
mauling was a beautiful story but it just doesn't wash
stress led to the bites had dorfman it works with the international exotic
feline sanctuary in Texas it was an outlet for his irritation
bro i got lucky sick free den bro debut in 1940 at the
maraz you on the on the on the remains of critical condition uh
Alan filbert cautioned the full story probably won't be known until horn can
talk roi so there you go this story says the animal
the animal experts say that the tiger meant to kill him meant to kill his ass
he got agitated and at that point just to decide it for the attack he always
a violent right kind of like somebody else used to work for us
what did i have the same name five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line anybody want to appear
of tickets to the marlin cub game uh five of the nlcs
sunday and what time is that game i'm looking on the schedule oh it's uh
440 is the first pitch because we got we got the dolphin is an
end-good thing the dolphin games at one o'clock game you know what sunday i
right dolphin games at once it has to be after that
430 i'm looking right here mr hot shot i'm looking right here
next week's schedule don't mind me what an what an
asshole man yeah right here is the revised schedule
duff sent it to me this morning and one thing about mislensy he don't make
mistakes okay duff get off this instantly right
that's fine
dolphins it's actually villain one oh you know this has got to really piss them off
though you know you know i'm no why because he's opposed to the usual 80 hour
post game show they got like really hurry it up
locker room show is only 35 minutes four to four 35 and it's going to be
sure neck of the game never ends it for anyway
it's just gonna be mad dog going coming on going all right like that if they win
and of course if the dolphin should lose the jackson though which is highly
unlikely because it's a girl thing then he'll just have time to say
stench of palminor hovers over this performance by the dolphin and then we
got the dolphins point oh i see they're moving that over to 790 so they're still
gonna get all the spots in marlin's on dick oh this doesn't make oh this
this is nothing to me ahead eight look at this
no 435 till seven we're still running the 80 hours of post game extra
against her for the dolphin game but that'll be on waxy 790 the marlin's
on deck is on waxy 790 from four to four 40 but then you got to turn over to
five 60 for the actual marlin cub game five on oh jesus god
and then of course well it's just too complex for me i can't handle it too much
marlin's game will be here but i'm like
on q a m right and the dolphin game will be on q a m
correct okay let's do the break and then we'll give away a
ticket to the game on sunday okay i'm not really sure i just go up and down
the lines and i'll see who sounds like they deserve it that old fart that was
uh... huckity about who was he talking about some old uh... kut
some old friend of mine what was he talking about
right exactly see that's how memorable it was don't call us again so we don't
talk to anybody over the age of death
twenty one till two at five sixty w two if you want to replace that tired sad war
not old carpeting in your home let me tell you about a great alternative lamina
sorrus this is the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood
flooring which is so damn expensive lamina sorrus which is not so damn expensive
is the best smartest place to find laminated wood flooring from perid or pergol
wilson art uniform quickstep and all of their flooring at lamina sorrus is
installed by people who really know their crap pergol certified installers
here's another good reason why she called lamina sorrus the prices are so low
it'll positively floore it right now you can get their fall special for just
fourteen hundred ninety five bucks just fourteen ninety five gets up to two
hundred ninety five square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring which is
positively unbelievable and lamina sorrus will match any legitimate written
offer to if you want to a free and a home estimate no obligation call lamina
sorrus and tell them that cranky old neil toy did you call one eight seven seven seven seven
seven thirty three thirty six is a piece of cake they give you free carpet disposal
free furniture moving a twenty five year warranty and long years of beautiful easy care
lamina wood flooring call him today lamina sorrus is a tool free call
one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six
my five and low this is four three oh five six
the old so i might as well have one with you two
santa you heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas
and on the latest hit with michelle branch
everybody wants santa on their song so we've compiled a c-e collection of every artist santa
and i has ever played with like m&m
two spread apart girls go around the outside
town the outside round the outside
the dixie chicks
and
on tray of the jelly
it's santa and is a list for everyone cd including unreleased tracks from carlos and
john tash with some day your journey will end
and
yes he's a guitar playing whore who will play with anybody except of course
kelly Clarkson no way man santa and his licks for everyone order now and receive a personal
i've won his track where santa plays your very own birthday song
happy birthday here's
santa
call now it's 16-2 how come we can't give away ad cappans tickets
he ain't got none he doesn't have any no but what else he chop liver
oh god what about the big oh one thing show
not anytime soon i'm looking on the schedule i don't see him anytime soon to which we say
chomalester beaten up by one of his victims in tampa jale cell which we also say
all right all right all right a convicted chomalester was beaten unconscious by one of his past victims
oh my god while i shared a jail holding cell authority said how do you like that
nice the the former victim a 22 year old man being held on a probation violation
recognized kevin kinder as the man who abused him and three other boys when he was only 11
he jumped on kinder punched him repeatedly and i'm unconscious yesterday
said the man's lawyer ricky escobar hey now
kin no it's such a float that these two ended up in the same place at the same time so the former
victim's mother judi koranette or she makes great bathroom tissue and she plans to mean
uh chinball and the skin the koranette but think about how my son feels she said he was fine
able to confront kinder in fight back after 11 years i think it's damn therapeutic we say you go boy
rascal and neither man's jail paper were indicated their history so they were inadvertently placed
in the same cell at about 65 then you see the way god works he works a mysterious ways man
this asshole got what for kinder 31 is serving 60 years in state prison on a probation
violation after serving six years from molesting the four boys he was in tampa for a hearing
lovely excellent both men suffered minor injuries beat the crap out of them okay and by the way
while you're beaten on them just say hey remember father gagan kill billas in the theaters today you see it
yet no what i'm not i'm here well the way the issue is going i'd be watching a movie instead now
here's the review by Joel seagull of abc news i don't i don't know if Joel seagull is uh i don't know
you don't want to say it because all the movie reviews you have to take it with the greatest salt
depending whether they're like cryptic or cervic uh you know he says here's the deal kill bill was
supposed to be one movie when they started putting it together they knew it was way too long so
they cut the movie in half and coincidentally that's what happened to most of the actors too
they also got cut in half quentin terrentino gave us pulp pulp fiction a great film according to
Joel seagull that tells me a lot he said an effect that in kill bill he was going to make an action
film and leave out the slow parts he did he left out big parts of the story we don't really know
who these characters are what they're doing and why they're trying to kill each other the result is
all kill no bill technically it's terrific it looks great and the fans will love it the sound
deserves an Oscar i think terrentino is a genius but i'm not sure i want to be alone in a room with
them umma thirmin is a member of the deadly viper assassination squad but when she tried to
quit other members tried to kill her when she comes out of a four year coma she seeks revenge a
dish director terrentino serves with ketchup kill bill is the bloodiest most violent film i've ever
seen to which we say oh right the violence is so over the top so super operatic that it becomes
cartoony and borders on funny but is that what terrentino wants i think so but because we never know
anything about why these people are trying to kill each other there's no way to tell if this film
is a satiron violence or a celebration of violence i can't pass judgment on a half a film
any more than i could review a play if i'd only been allowed to see the first act of review a book
if i were only allowed to read every other page grade incomplete says Joel seagull on ABC news
take it with a grain of salt but he does say it's the most violent film he's ever seen
so there you go those of you who like gore and blood and guts al Gore
hey wake up al you lost here's the result in our policy you know it's how i'm like stalling
installing installing this huh no i know it's which of these people is you most dropped but what time
did you tell me we get about 45 minutes ago right by an hour ago yeah oh man can i do it or what
which of these people do you most strongly believe as these is successful or has a job because
of their skin color Miriam elephant the election supervisor in Broward County
wow what they hate her 125 say get lost honey condolese 91 Clarence Thomas 74
opus got only 19 in the name of 17 Brian gumball 11 Greg gumball five he's awful man all you sports
there it's out there what you be thinking about god and in fact that isn't just because of skin color
because he's very light-complexed like his brother but if he wasn't Brian gumballs is there any
chance he'd be on him now and he's the lead football guy and CBS he blows he is pathetic
Donovan McNabb five jp-feeler four and Johnny Cochran four out of three hundred and fifty five
votes okay let's get to it shall we okay where do you want to do the break first go for the break
first yeah now listen we're not yanking your chain i mean we that would be even even i couldn't do
that we're gonna give away a pair tickets for game five Miguel says they're like in the ballpark
i mean you may have you having to hang over the upper deck but they're in the ballpark
my and look all this is 420 by 50
way
g is for the gasoline things it can do you is for a clear red neck suit all more than two
and is for the inner end that wants your friends keep that today
s is for the sedentary bestie in breath by many guns that balance several pleases you
guns
use your guns to kill some kids for the NRA guns for me for smucks like you
you
g is for the gory things you can do you
is under educated in bread goods and is for the inner end that smells like
whaces you say easy to get more of all the death that you adore guns kill
any of the others you
guns will make your way so you use my gun hair tickets when you clean it please don't break
we're made to kill these guns are made for smucks like you
155 at 560 W to kill we almost back ourselves into a corner you know what
Why's that well we almost ran out of time before giving away a hanks ticket? I mean our tickets that would be just awful
That would be really bad. See clearance you really pissed me off. I hope you're listening to your little puts how come
Moe had a pair
Farrell had a pair before they chopped him off and the hopper ends up here and the man dogs got a pair right?
Well, what the hell are we like Chuck liver? Yeah small potatoes, I guess WQA. I'm taking line
Yeah, like to get in the mix you want to be in the mix? Yeah
You've been in a game yet? I spent four hours online last weekend and couldn't get a ticket
Okay, hang on man. Thanks. You got him. Was that easy? Wow. Wow great. No problem. Hold on
Why he sounds like a reasonable guy, don't they?
Well, they all do when they're being nice. No, no, no, no, no. How about that old fart that was called about Rick Sanchez? That guy wasn't
He was a little cog and old coat. Of course that guy probably didn't even know about the tickets
He probably felt that we're tickets for scoogans or something. Who the hell knows? So there that took care of that
We didn't need to have a lot of time left at the end right? That's it
But no, it's not a deal. We got three and a half men if you want it to be it
I mean, I'm ready right now. I got my shirt on I meant this is the guy who gets
That's the guy that gets the tickets right there. He's not just in the mix
He what do you want me to do like do a big melodramatic thing out of it? No, so come a little tickets in the upper deck
I think I's probably gonna like a swoon. He's gonna need to bring a tank of oxygen with him
Well, they're racing the field that's why you have him still on hold there
We got three and a half of the can't listen to you when talk to the guy the same thing, but you don't need to listen to me anymore
Okay, you're I'm this is it
You're done
I mean what what are you and then you don't have to play some little cutie like George does okay after the idea
You don't know you don't feel compelled to do that
Okay, that's the funny huh that's half the fun. What what what's the other half when you're dealing with Scott Jr
There what's the other half of the fun? Oh, you should show ends if we go home
It's a weekend, right
Okay, so do whatever the hell you want but at least be in touch with that guy
I don't think that I'm yanking with him and give him the tickets
So I hope he enjoys it and join a game pal
Hope that's the game the Marlins are wrap it all up because nothing I'll say it again
I'm not gonna be a phony I don't really watch that much baseball. I don't care about it no more
But it's just something nice that can happen itself for where there's so many miserable a hateful nasty people and so much crap that goes on and
Alien and the hanging chads you know the stuff some kind of hurricanes and her coons all of these things
So how many people they had there for the your whole bar game
For the what game for the your game against FIU
How about the Miami-Dade game how many people they have for that? Oh, see now that was a sellout how about for the Broward community
Cards the BCC game how many they have the hercones for that huh before the people
You're so full of crap over her kids sell out all of that
I'm gonna tell you this whole thing started because I've been around a little bit longer than you including in this town
Just a little bit and when this whole thing started
With them with becoming a professional football factory as far as opposed to anything else is just playing old suntan you which they used to be
It was notorious
If they were playing like Notre Dame
Florida or FSU they'd have a huge crowd orange bull packed and if they play any lesser lights
It was like they'd like you to get 15 to 20 thousand
That way to start with all these national championships and it became like an obsession and it became the thing the in thing to do it
Everybody jump on at bandwagon
Then all of a sudden they started wrong like more people for you in the lesser lights, but not sold out
It was my favorite started the whole thing
Well screw him and Jimmy's Johnson hey Jimmy
Okay, and Wayne high pingo
Wayne don't be a darkening our airwaves no more
Speaking of darkening our airwaves which of these people you most strongly believe is successful or has a job because of their skin color
Miriam elephant man. Oh 377 votes Miriam's leading the pack 130 votes. They hate you honey
And she refuses to go away and of course he's got a bunch of millipin people supporting her and that's why she's still there
Asked for more money right and firing everybody inside
Condoleezza rice 97 clearance Thomas 79 M&M 20 Oprah 19
Brian gumbo 11 Johnny Cochrane 7 Donna McDev 5 Greg gumbo 5 J. Feedler 4 a quick lesson for Scott Jr
They're all where he's on the phone quick lesson in word association
You know the Notre Dame quarterback Brady Quinn
Who's my favorite quarterback?
Tom Brady who's the coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs Pat Quinn
Stop with the damn cake card. I'm listening
