with the sewer of this place.
That's so little incorrect!
There!
I'm a goose stepper.
I'm a goose stepper with my blinders all.
I'm a goose stepper with my hands down.
I'm a closet guy in the middle of the Jarray.
When a listen to a rush, we get a car now.
A first-gen right wing guy who likes a few spurt in my eyes.
On the fantasy day, a drink and four.
I'm a goose stepper.
I'm a goose stepper, a certain port offline.
Waking all the time.
I'm a goose stepper.
I'm a goose stepper.
A little not here now.
I think it was right when they killed those kids I can't sleep.
Anybody could just juke their ass off.
I'm almost down the bridge as I hardly hear my ship on dreads.
I can add a drug and a young man.
I'm a goose stepper.
I try to show my goose stepper.
I follow blinders.
I'm a goose stepper, a triad of my goose stepper.
Pull my hands down.
I'm a goose stepper with pride for my own food drink.
We're a conference now.
That'll show them the bad, weird, common, central, liberal,
fact-marital, baby.
My balls.
I'm about to rip my balls now.
I'm about three at five, 60, nobody's here.
I'm happy Thursday to you.
Yesterday we started with a stir about a severed head on the show.
So I think we might start every day with a stir about a severed head.
Supermarket suicide.
Johanna's bird.
A South African man has died trying to cut off his own head with a butcher's bandsaw
and a major supermarket police say.
Superintendent Jane Naker said the shopwright checker's store in Richard's Bay
had been ready to close on Monday when a man wanted in-headed for the meat department.
He just walked in, went to the bandsaw machine and switched it on.
Naker told Reuters, apparently he knew what he was doing.
He put his neck to the blade and cut it about halfway through.
About halfway through before he fell to the floor.
Naker said the man later identified his 31-year-old, a manual gumbee,
was pronounced dead at the scene.
He said police had turned up no motor for the suicide,
which stuns staff and shoppers at the store in northern Quazulu, Naital province.
How do you like that?
Suicide by a rotor blade.
Huh?
Band saw machine.
That's another way to do it.
We have my high marks for that, okay, for originality.
Well, they're made for cutting meat.
Speaking of high marks for originality, there was a note in the Bokka brand package yesterday.
And he makes an excellent point.
He says, have you ever noticed Greg Reed walks through the door like already young?
And I'd never really quite thought of it most term before.
But now that you mentioned Bokka, you're absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct sir.
Although she certainly had a much better hairdo.
She's still alive, but we're back in one of those deals again.
Don't know.
I have no idea.
I don't think so.
Like I said, I have no idea.
So why do I say I don't think so when I don't know?
Quit movie Gatica with Ethan Hawke and Uma Thurman and Gourwedal and who else was in it?
Jude Law, he's good.
Pretty good.
I give it about eight on a scale of ten.
You don't agree?
I give it about seven.
Because you're talking about endings and this is another one of those.
I was enjoying it.
I mean, endings, yeah, I haven't gotten to that, but you will.
And that's that was my problem with that.
It was good all the way along until the end was kind of like, eh.
Well, what did you want to happen to me?
I don't know.
I've been in this case.
Yeah, I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
I've been in this case.
In this movie, Ethan Hawke is like naked about half of the movie, I would say.
Not that we see any frontal nudity, but not that I really cared about that
because as much as I like Ethan Hawke, you know, what's a big deal with that?
But I just mentioned that in passing.
I thought it was pretty good.
I give it an 8.
So that was my movie of the day yesterday.
I can't these two of days.
It's just too much to absorb all at the same time.
Here's our poll from yesterday.
Who are the most pathetic creatures?
Big fat slabs.
See this goes to show you the lack of compassion.
What are you laughing about?
Yeah.
I mean, I agree with it, but it's a lack of compassion in the part of the...
And the ones who vote for this, of course, other ones who are not the big fat slabs.
Correct.
When I say big fat slabs, I could be included in that category, but I generally think
of people who are much bigger and fatter than I am.
You're a piker.
You used to be.
I mean, I'm a fat slab, but not a big fat slab like I used to be.
We saw different attempts.
But we have so many big fat slabs.
And what I started to say is that there are victims of this disease, the fetus of disease.
There's no mistake about it.
And you doctors, man.
You doctors not only...
All over the world have failed the public.
You've failed miserably because they haven't got any idea about anything to do with diet and nutrition.
And that's why people like Bob Atkins rest in peace.
And a few other doctors and people who aren't even real doctors.
That's why they wrote a bunch of books and made millions of dollars.
Because everybody and their brother is desperate.
We're desperate.
We really want to look beautiful in the dislike Ethan Hawke naked, you know?
But it ain't going to happen.
And then of course we have people on the other side like Tody Fields and Shirley Tweeters.
Oh, fat is beautiful.
How's Tody feeling?
Anybody seen her lately?
No.
Now, Shirley Tweeters, that was her thing.
Oh, fat is beautiful.
Part of that whole...
Oh, God.
That real sick twisted thing.
Big fat slabs, 225 votes.
Sports talk groupies, 213.
Law cabinet Republicans, 212 right under our ass.
Law cabinet Republicans, we didn't put on there till much later.
And of course that was Eric's fault.
That's what Carlos said.
Remember, I said that and I kept looking on there when I held his head.
If we had that on the beginning, that would have won. Self-hating faggots.
In fact, if I would have had that on at the beginning, that would have been my vote.
I voted for people who...what did I vote for?
I don't know.
I guess sports talk groupies.
Oh, no, I voted for talk show chronics.
Big fat slabs, 225.
Sports talk groupies, 213.
Law cabinet Republicans, 222.
People who watch golf, 164.
Top show chronics, 152.
Autograph pounds, 147.
The PETA people.
The ones who want them to change the name of the city in Hamburg, New York.
PETA?
Yeah, those people, 114.
I mean, I'm an animal lover.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of animal lovers, thanks to my close personal friend Mo.
And you better...you better adopt different attitude, mister.
What, they had the QM ratings party last night?
Yeah.
You didn't even bond with Mo.
Mo has agreed out of the generosity of his heart mainly because he likes the cheerleader, I think.
Abandoned per rescue.
He's a dog person.
He can't be all bad, and spider what you say.
It's part of these grotesque things that you said.
You know, back last year when he wanted them to fire your ass, if I would have just been a little bit more, you know,
if he wouldn't have that other kid on the way.
Can you imagine a great rapport we could have with Mo at this point?
Not only that, but I could be sitting in the other room.
There you go, making some really big money like George.
Take off those checkered pants.
But anyway, I'm always agreed to let us make a Mo keychain with some droppings.
That's one of my favorites that one right there.
And of course, certainly on a keychain will be...
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
And when some others, six or seven other great ones.
So thanks, Mo.
Those to show you.
And like I said, you better lighten up a couple of notches, okay?
Because we're going to have to what coexist here for a while.
All right.
You have to be a little more enthusiastic than that, Mr.
So we'll have the best of which we'll cover two years.
Which you better start working on that right now.
And then Muff, you know, Muff, well take your time.
You know, Muff, I'm going to tell you something.
If the whole world was as lazy as you are, get off your Duff, okay?
Once in your life, get off your Duff and put this crap about well.
You know, there's no big hurry.
You guys are going to show it a do.
Duff, get off your Duff.
Right.
Get with it.
I can't stand these daughters who just can't get around to do anything.
You know, the people that fly real low under the radar and are afraid that somebody might notice
that they're taking a paycheck.
Get with it, Muff.
Freepers 55.
Jeepers creepers.
We really hate those creepers.
If you don't know what creepers are, they're assholes.
Their people that professionally go from pole to pole.
They alert each other like a Newsmax.com.
They alert each other.
Oh, you better freak this pool.
In other words, load up the pool with our viewpoint, whatever you're, you know,
and distort the outcome of the pool.
Now, I'm sure that there must be liberal creepers too.
I'm a little bit rusty.
But I don't see that much of them.
But by the right wingers, there's psychotic.
Any pool having to do with bush, with gun control, forget about it.
I mean, oh, brother.
They just go ape-smit.
They start alerting each other.
And they start getting messages on their websites.
And they run under this pool and clicking it on and fault 80 billion times.
Now, creepers 50 pop, computer nerds 24 and people who play golf 16.
That was yesterday's pool.
And since we've been movie intensive all week, I thought, why not do another movie intensive pool this week, right?
I mean, today, sure.
This is a tough one.
No, we're having a tough time coming up with, and I've got three on there.
Is all we got so far.
Did you have other ones?
I did, but I wanted to let people name some stuff that maybe somebody else had heard of.
Oh, and this business, this Steve Kane business.
I'm going to tell you people at the Harold and the Sun Central.
First of all, the story of switching every five minutes.
Oh, he's off the, he's off at a diversity committee.
First of all, that diversity committee is one guy was quoted as saying,
hasn't got to guide the impincency invented it.
Number two, it's a farce.
They got little Brian Craig on there.
I'm surprised they don't have Nick Lawrence on there as well.
Steve and his little Amterage and his buddy Marty Rubenstein,
who he's shield for running here on his talk show.
And nobody listened to that show anyway.
But at least he's getting some great publicity, which is what he's all about.
And I see the one thing about the soft Lord of Media,
the bigger a publicity how you are, the more publicity they'll give you.
It was the same with Bob Coons.
It's the same with Mr. Ego.
And the make a difference how, how wacko you are, how predictable you are.
And here's the guy who you can fit his whole audience into a phone booth
at cemetery village, which is about the right demographic.
And they're just pages and pages about, well, he was the end word in that debate with Michael Mayo.
And I would can't be at, well, guess what?
They don't know if they can find him from that diversity board.
Who gives a crap?
But in the meantime, the story about the Broward County Commission
passing that resolution, condemning the Papier Act,
and guaranteeing the freedoms of the people of the rub,
that still has got not one more word on either a newspaper.
In fact, never did get one word in a herald and I know of.
And a sun-central sticks it on there at 11.59 on Tuesday night
to make sure there was under for like one minute to lay a switch over the next day
so they could bury it.
Who are you? Who do you, people?
Take your kid, huh?
Anybody with an IQ big enough to read a newspaper knows that they're getting nothing
but swill and propaganda from the South Florida rags.
913 is 560 WQM.
Mother's Day is this Sunday and the folks at Vermont Teddy Bear have been busy hand-making
some really great new bears for you.
Your mom, wife, and grandma, does there something extra special this year?
Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont Teddy Bear show
receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card
and gourmet candy and a colorful gift box.
They got great bears like the spa ma bear, mom's biggest fan bear,
or the new queen for a day bear and who would want to be queen for at least a day anyway.
Dad's it's your job to get a gift from the kids every year and the mother and cub set is perfect.
Add as many cubs as you need with the names imported red envelope outfits.
This is a hell of a lot more creative and thoughtful than sending flowers with your dead in no time at all
and these great little bears will last a lifetime.
So call today 1-800-829 Bear and a friendly bear council will help you tailor a bear just for ma.
Social know you put some real thought into your gift.
You won't believe the reaction you'll get ordering as quick as EC.
Call toll free today and be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call 1-800-829 Bear
or shop by mine if you like it from Aunt Teddy Bear.com.
This year thank mom for all she does for you with a Vermont Teddy Bear 1-800-829 Be A R.
And my life and love all this is for 305-60.
You ain't too way yet.
A big O.
You ain't too way.
Don't make me angry.
You're gonna get mine.
Oh, I'm gonna be the judge right now.
Look at the noise.
Hit my baby's heart.
Oh, will you buy more of my records?
Oh, what is there at all?
Oh, just so more of my records.
Oh, my face is deroting.
Can't you take it's sale, thought down?
I'll drop this baby on the ground.
Do sell records.
Oh, no, I'm not about to quit.
The baby dangles the ground.
Oh, as I hold it at the window,
I can feel drop of cloud.
Banging up baby at the window.
Oh, I'm a bit of buy, as you know.
And I might just let it go.
Now it's way too young to scroll by my records.
Look, it's dangling.
By my kids' group of monstries, around drop this baby.
But I'm your baby.
Go ahead, drop it.
We don't care.
918 at 560 WQAM.
Here's the poll today.
Which movie had the best or most shocking ending?
See, any movie can be good through the entire movie.
But if the ending is bad, then it kind of soures the experience
and you wonder, what did I just waste like an hour and 45 minutes
or two hours there watching?
You know, if the ending sucks?
Right.
And we've only got three on the list.
Happiness.
If they could beat that one.
Of course, I don't know how many people have seen that.
Happiness, the ending is just P in the pants inducing.
The hitcher.
Which again, I don't think that many people have seen that movie,
but the ending is a pretty bizarre.
And a boy and his dog.
Which the ending is pretty sweet.
If you ask me.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I called you before you asked that specific question.
But I've got two really bad live and movies recently out.
Road to Tradition, I thought, was like a Disneyland version of the Godfather.
And sightings were so insulting to the intelligence with those guys in the rubber suits looking like aliens.
Yeah.
It was laughable.
And the other flip coin.
It's a great movie last night.
American History X. Have you seen that?
No.
Oh my God.
Good movie.
Very good.
And is that a new movie?
Yeah.
I think it's new.
That new.
Couple of three years, at least.
Oh.
It's amazing.
Oh, listen.
I'm not making any more of a list because I'm, I've got, I've got, I've got to pile up to the ceiling in my living room to, to watch now.
Well, it's so politically incorrect.
I love it.
About race relations.
Right.
And of course, at the end, it redeems itself and has to be politically correct.
But there's, you know, a point to what they're saying, you know what?
Okay.
Death and Venice.
You have to see that.
You have to see that again.
With Dirk Bogart.
What is it?
Death and Venice.
Oh, death and, no, I would never watch that again.
That's the most depressing, the most more.
Why do I have to see that again?
Well, if you can watch that.
You can watch that.
Well, if you can watch that.
Just grab the kid and kiss him on a cheek or something or stick your tongue down his throat.
But we have to go through like two hours of excruciating pain while Dirk Bogart is chasing this little scrawny, queenie kid in this,
through this piece of Venice.
And then come to find out the kid's got a boyfriend already anyhow.
And they're on a, oh, it's so, and then in the end, he just dies there on a beach.
Yeah, he's a guy in real life, you know, Dirk Bogart.
Well, believe me, he could have done better than that piece of crap.
That was one of the most depressing movie.
If you're, somebody's out there ready to commit suicide, ready to put their head on a rotor blade, then they definitely want to watch this first.
They have to see that back to back to recreate with a dream.
There you go.
How to rate the.
Okay.
Let's see.
Here's a fact that says, have you ever seen Death and Vast?
No.
Don't.
Okay.
Oh, I mean, oh, it's just moving.
I'm more of it in depressing and make you want to either kill somebody else or blow your brains out.
Here's a fact from somebody for a lot of the else's yesterday.
I turn the radio on in my car on 515 PM.
And guess who's jibbering and jabbering away on 940?
Dennis the Catholic.
Randy and Raving about his favorite topic, Neo Rodgers.
On 940.
Sports.
What the, what does that mean?
He's asking why QN gets to pass when he'll cause women bitches, his spanix spics, and black sniggers, which I don't.
And my a column of shortzers, okay.
I don't call black people niggers.
You got the wrong talk, host, Dennis.
And the Miami Hurricanes, the Huracunes.
Then this morning I turned on Moan Guilty and then that asshole, Dennis is on again trying to make a correlation between what it would be like if we're good bringing Hitler on the radio because there's no difference between Neal's humor and how the drones who listen to radio probably would think Hitler's stuff was funny.
Right.
Oh my God.
Get some help, Dennis.
Get you some help.
You'll see, you notice how every now and then there would be like a little lull with these people.
And then they come back with a, with a frenzy so they're, you know, they're having a bad week.
Maybe he got upset because we had those stories about the altar boys in the priest again this week.
Maybe that said I'm off once again.
Can't handle the truth.
Can you, Dennis?
No.
If you...
Anyway, the High Couples contest is starting to pick up a little bit.
We had, we've got about 10 now.
About?
And the last one there with the skin-headed guy and his lady.
I think that one might be a contender indeed.
Anyway, but I see I don't want to pick like one or start like influencing because the people have from next Thursday.
Next Thursday is the deadline to get in your pictures, the hot couple contest.
Just go to our website and email us a picture of yourselves and then you got till Thursday May 15th.
Wait for me to put the pictures in them.
Next Thursday we'll put them on the website and the audience can vote who's the hottest couple.
And Thursday May 22th, the couple with the most votes wins.
Wednesday, three day, two nights stay for two at the Royal Oasis Resort in Casino in the Bahamas with round prepare for unlike a rear.
And the runner gets a dinner for two at the pizza lot and maybe can yank on the Jess Pony table.
Even though it's not, who knows maybe hung it on the wall.
And we do this each month for three months, May, June and Julio is what we're going to be doing.
What movie had the best of the most shocking ending?
Happiness, the hitcher or a boy in his dog and then we'll end the list.
We're going to build it.
You got it?
Carlos?
We got it.
Because I realize there's a lot of stress and pressure on these pulls when we build it.
Nah.
Joined?
Well, at least in Orlando there is.
Joy, Joe Castell, a new to two today at the singular wireless store located at 6,311 North Andrews Avenue in Cyprus Creek.
Strap by and get your free Marlins tickets to the night's game and he interests.
No.
And registered to win a trip for two to the major league baseball midseason classic and a sky box party at the Pro Player, a PP Park.
Okay, all of these things.
They just don't get the hint to anybody care.
Oh, and speaking of nobody cares, how about that Minnesota wild?
How many pounding Vancouver again last night?
Five to one.
I loved it.
Nobody cares about hockey.
The ratings not only in the US and ABC, but the CBC ratings are way, way down.
The National Hockey League is in big trouble.
A Humper can say I told you so, but you don't even know the reasons why.
But they're in big trouble.
Deep do do.
Nice, God, great, bet menu, idiot.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, my pet of fire.
Beauty.
567, 0560.
Maybe that was Dennis's boyfriend, you think?
He has a wife or a, or his priest.
Here's Bokeh, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
You know, you're the sound drop you got the oil that was cut down.
Reverend Jones.
No, it's not.
Not yet.
I was wondering if you could, you know, I'm the door, door, door.
If you could cut up, no, we can't.
567, 0560.
What movie had the best of the most shocking ending of all time?
That's our poll question today, and we invite you to add to it.
If you want to call him, make gutterable sounds.
Do it on the some other show.
Okay, do it on Mr. Egosho.
He needs your calls.
He needs the publicity.
Here's a call from Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Great topic.
I love movies with good endings.
What's that?
I said, they really are.
I'm not going to talk about that.
Maybe there are, but we just can't think of a whole bunch of them.
Well, I got a few that I like.
I don't know if you like them or not.
Wait a minute, see.
Let me read you the question again.
Because when you see you've got a few, that's a problem for me.
Because what not what 20 movies had the best endings?
What movie had the best or most shocking ending of all time?
Okay, then I would go with Fight Club.
What is it?
Fight Club?
Yeah.
Oh.
That would be my one of anything.
Okay, thanks.
Fight Club with Brent Pitt.
I didn't see it.
I wouldn't buy it.
I saw the, I what it was all about in the premise to me.
But maybe the ending was great.
Don't bother.
The ending was, was the ending was what ruined it for me.
Really?
Yeah.
Let's see.
WIOD News reported about the Howard County Commission voting on the paper deck.
Also, we're holding a pool.
I wonder whether we agree with the acts as Barbara.
Sorry, I can't call it word, says Barbara.
Thank you.
Thanks, Barbara.
Here to see again, they're sending us lists.
I don't want a list.
I don't want this, this is why this is what screws up our effort to do these things.
It's because we're asking it, I know it's not easy always to pick one.
Okay?
Right?
Right.
Like the point yesterday, it was difficult.
Which is why there were about four or five categories that were like nip and tuck inside by each.
The usual suspects, I put that on.
And then we got two people already said the usual suspects, it says without question.
Now what was that movie?
That was the Kevin Spacey, the whole bunch of gangs that we qualified, certainly qualified.
I'm trying to think if I've seen that, probably not.
You would know.
You would have talked about it.
Why is that?
Because it's memorable.
It was a good movie.
Okay.
Because somebody here's got like a half a dozen.
What's the point?
What is the point?
You silly people out there.
See how many movies I can name?
Yeah.
If I tell you what, I'll do better than that.
I'll just get this 800 page book I got.
I got it in on the 40-40 pounds by time I'll book.
And I'll just go from Art Vark to Azibra, from 8-0.
Just tear the pages out and feed them into the facts mission.
Narrow it down to one.
Okay, that's the idea.
Which one had the best, the most dramatic, the most bizarre, the wildest ending of all time.
The usual suspects, we added to it.
Okay?
927 and 560.
Nobody can cue me and I'll talk his cheap.
It's easy to throw on.
A lot of really appealing low numbers.
But when it comes right down to it, what can you really get refinanced at?
5% 4%, how about 2.45% with financial group?
With interest rates of 2.45% it really is your best bet and it's rock solid too.
Call financial group right now at toll free at 1-800-940-Lend.
Interest rates are at all time low.
So why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing?
Incredibly low rate.
2.45% with financial group and we'll get you amazingly low payments every month.
For example, if you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $786 bucks a month.
If you have $100,000 loan you pay only $393 a month.
So get yourself 2.45% financing from the financial group,
column at 1-800-940-Lend.
That's financial group 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly.
5.34 APR.
5. Look all of this.
This is 560.
The rate is all yours.
2.45 APR.
2.45 APR.
A lot like hot little boy.
No.
No war.
That's Cheryl Crow.
Summer rikes will die.
So if I don't go, shout out to the fish, because fact it will go.
Cheryl Crow is a stupid image.
She's a burned out meat now.
Cheryl Crow is a worn out bite.
Oh.
Just shake it and find more.
Cheryl Crow is a white home.
To the village loser.
Every day you get here are one.
I wish somebody could come.
Cheryl Crow.
I already voted.
Every day you get the first dozen or so.
You got it, Bo?
I don't want to get into another big thing.
It's just for fun.
It's not the end of the world.
Somebody else would list of a bunch of inputs and usual suspects.
I'm not going to put a pie.
The ending of pie is the greatest.
It's bizarre.
I guess I'll put it on there.
Of course the problem with this poll is we can't tell you what it is.
Otherwise, you'll never see the movie.
We'll spoil it.
We can't say it.
Exactly.
I mean, you can give us just in general terms.
But don't give away the ending unless you want everybody to make sure they don't want it.
Happiness already got my vote.
There's no way that any movie ever made before, since or in the future.
Well, it's just ain't going to happen.
There couldn't possibly be a more hysterical, a more amazing ending in happiness.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Neil, good morning.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
Good. Good to hear that.
How are things out?
Nothing's a bother.
They're fine.
Sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not going to let you know.
I'm wronged.
I'm listening.
I love your show.
I love you guys working this show.
Great use of time and entertaining at all.
I want to add my two cents to the movie list.
American Beauty.
Okay.
I think it's a great ending to it.
You guys see that?
Yeah.
Sorry.
I'm asking George and Peter Boer, they are the other ones.
And?
Sure, what a...
Thanks, Peter.
Appreciate that.
Now that was the other Peter one.
That's the other Peter one.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
I got it.
I'm putting it down.
I mean, this Luke Warming, you know, see, I'm not asking anymore.
What's the point?
What?
I can't be all excited about it.
It had a decent ending.
It wasn't like great like a boy and his dog.
Well, I'm not making that someone.
You picked was a boy and his dog.
I picked happiness, okay?
I mean, they can't...
Everybody's going to agree with you.
What do we take the polls for?
To see how much they agree with me.
I see.
Okay.
I want the audience to understand.
The reason we take the poll on our website every day is to see how much you audience agrees with George.
I never...
Up until this moment.
And thanks to my good friend Mark Morgan for that nice intro.
That was great.
Did I see it before?
A little surprise.
Oh, Miguel.
Keep him at our arms length.
Okay, then Miguel.
And again, here's another list.
I don't want lists.
I want one.
I want one.
This gets really ponderous.
I hate when they do this.
Because it tells me that they don't understand the question.
Do they get it?
No.
Do they understand it?
No.
The best plot twister ever in film history has to be the ending of Psycho.
What?
Now, I mentioned that to you this morning that I thought, because I was telling you about it, Hitchcock movies is good as all of them were, or most of them were.
The endings were generally pretty corny, right?
Like in the rear window and north by northwest.
And it was always, you know, any end-cury grant Mary's evenry saint.
And they walk off into the sunset or it's Grace Kelly in the James Stewart.
And everything is okay.
And they get to the birds.
I thought, what the hell is that?
They're just, you know, driving away.
Now, what was the movie where, oh, damn it.
I just saw it again here a couple months ago.
We talked about it where they were in the cave.
And there were the sun spots.
And almost everybody on the planet died.
What's his name was in it from a mission impossible.
Peter Graves.
You ever saw that movie?
I'm thinking.
I've seen practically every movie like that.
Where he and his family were in a cave, a hunting, exploring, whatever they were doing when it came out.
It was like there had been all this gigantic turbulence on the sun and whatever.
Right, not the quiet earth or something like that.
No, not even close.
The world according to garps is somebody.
I've just put them down, okay?
Yeah, whatever.
You don't, do you saw that?
Yeah.
Don't remember anything spectacular about the ending, but hey, who the hell am I?
Exactly.
That's what a lot of people are thinking.
Who the hell are you?
No way out with Kevin Costner and Sean Young.
The military good guy turns out to be oops.
I'm not going to read the whole thing.
It says great movie despite the cast.
I don't like Kevin Costner at all, but it says no way out.
Okay.
Or we could ruin it and give the endings.
Now what's this one?
Psycho, I'm not putting psycho on there.
The ending in psycho is he's sitting in a jail cell and the fly is buzzing around.
He would never heard of fly Tony Perkins.
And then right there is when he reached over and tried to open up a tabhundreds fly.
Huh?
And then that would have been a better ending than the one ahead in the movie.
That would have been at least a little bit exciting, you know?
Plus it says if you ever give a chance, you need to see the following movies, the Insider,
Beings John Nalkewicz and Train Spotting.
I like two of those, but I don't think you will.
Which two?
Train Spotting, I thought was great.
And being John Nalkewicz was interesting, but I'm not sure if you'll...
Train Spotting more likely that you won the game.
The same thing as Requiem for a Dream.
Anybody see Requiem for a Dream since we talked about it?
No.
Anybody see Happing at all?
No, probably not.
Train Spotting is a good one.
Huh?
Train Spotting is not as good as Requiem for a Dream.
I really doubt it.
I can't imagine any, although I will say...
If I had a separate between Happiness and Requiem for a Dream, I'd have a tough time doing it.
Really?
Wow.
Oh yeah.
Oh, I'm telling you, you've got to get Happiness.
I'm going to...
It's got all, just like Requiem for a Dream.
It's got Tragedy and it's got Comedy and it's got...
Just plain total Morosa depressing crap and then it's got the Hysteria.
I think even more so, because Requiem for a Dream is mostly a very depressing and just keeps getting more and more depressing.
To the point where you want to blow your brains out or like in pie at the end you want to do the thing in your head.
See, I didn't exactly say...
Oh, somebody else already did.
They did what?
Somebody where he facts the ending of it.
No, I know.
Oh, so you have Oh, see in a movie?
Not yet, but I will.
Well, no, you want mine when he puts the drill in his head?
No, I won't.
Honestly, I just can't do anything.
Well, no, it's...
I don't know.
It's black and white, it's good, but you know, if you're going to see one of the two Requiem for a Dream is much better.
Pie is okay and you'll enjoy it because it's got the Orthodox Jewish cult in there and they're wrapping the taffillin around their arms.
The straps are favorite.
I vey, yeah, it'll bring you back.
It'll bring you back some great memories. You're from Orcund.
Here's a call from Hollywood.
Hello.
What's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
This one's going to win your poll.
Okay.
The Shawshank Redemption.
And George, I don't need to hear you moan.
You know what, George?
You're the most goddamnest boring human being I've ever heard.
Quit tackling.
Carlos, you can do the job you're doing fine.
You have to go away.
Okay.
Thanks Neil.
Okay.
Thanks for the good confidence.
Thanks for the good confidence, but George didn't moan.
But I was thinking about moan.
I mean, it was a good movie, but I'll do more than that.
You know, it's how Carlos is like step right in here.
Ever since you were growing on American beauty,
Carlos has had a kind of like moving and fill the breach here because you're so negative.
All the way up.
I thought you were just being negative.
I admit.
See, Carlos is more negative in a more pleasant way.
No.
He's much more negative.
I know.
Like I said, he's much more negative, but in a more, I don't know.
And they get a more jovial way.
Anyway, why don't we put that pool up there?
We got two, four.
Now let's not put it up till about 11 o'clock.
Okay.
Are we putting his suggestion on there?
Shawshank Redemption, you bet.
Just because of the call.
That's the one that I've got.
I've got it on videotape.
Jason, who used to work in our sports department at QM a couple of years ago.
Jason gave me the tape and the everyday he would come in.
And he watched Shawshank again.
And he watched other.
And now, wasn't that a prison movie?
Yes.
See, I'm not interested in prison movies.
I just can't think of one prison movie.
I've ever seen in my life that I enjoyed that I thought was good.
And they're all really morbid and depressing.
Was it morbid and depressing?
No.
Really?
I mean, it had its moments of morbidity.
But it's a happy.
So, what was it I watched for a Shinverse list or Shawshank Redemption?
Whichever was it?
I won't watch either one of them.
Oi!
No more June movies.
Twenty to all.
Sorry, Dennis.
I'm sorry I said June movies.
I shouldn't have said that.
Oh, Dennis didn't care about that.
You can say Faggot, you can say a kite, I guess.
Dennis wouldn't be bothered by that.
Jess Kondow, put it back in your pants.
Dennis, you are studying a real nervous.
Everybody in town is wondering what the hell we're going to do about you.
Straight jacket is a possibility.
Just try to calm yourself down.
Okay?
I'm not going anywhere.
Hey, the Neil Deals.
Keep on rolling from Tom Laman and Joe Prado of Halopaniac GMC.
That's where you oughta be going.
If you want a really unbeatable deal and get treated like a human being.
Which is why they've been around for over 35 years.
And at the same great location they are legendary in South Florida.
Neil Deals number one at Halopaniac right now gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
And Neil Deals number two gets you up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock.
That's correct.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 car truck in stock.
An attention current and former military personnel.
Get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halopaniac.
Former and current military personnel.
Of course, Halop's also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars, price and SUVs.
No limits on the lot.
And if somebody else turns you down for credit, Halop's the first place you oughta head to because credit is never a problem for you.
Halop even if used to work at QAM.
And don't forget to stop by and test drive the all new powerful Pontiac Grand Prix at Halopaniac too.
Halopaniac GMC at 134 or 1 South Fixie Highway.
That's US one across from the falls.
Open every day seven days a week.
If you want more information on those Neil Deals call the Neil Deal Hotline toll free.
It's one Tribal 8 534-4211.
That's one Tribal 8 534-4211.
No forget all Neil Deal 70-deqriter Provellsee.
These are for details at Halopaniac GMC.
I'm sure you'll agree with me.
They really are professional grade.
We're supporting Neil 560-2AM.
We're gonna get Ricky a blow.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble.
The White House issues a statement today.
Those phone you'll trip you can to Dub ride away.
It's not your left, it's just not your safe.
They're not a part of our co-edition anyway.
The Navy is about the sun.
The wing they will bring you home.
The Navy is about the sun.
The Navy is on the fuse.
The Navy is about the light of us.
We'll get in listen and get off that bus.
We're planning to clear this fall's right in line.
And to do it at the matter better time.
The Navy is about the sun.
The wing they will bring you home.
The Navy is about the sun.
The Navy is about you.
The Navy is about the sun.
The Navy is about the sun.
945-560-2AM.
Which movie had the best or the most shocking, bizarre ending of all time?
And the here's to more.
Arlington Road and to live in Dianne LA.
Got them?
Did you see the one of us?
Nope.
I'm going to get that surprise.
Arlington Road, yes, very good.
Was it really?
Yes, and it qualifies for the poll.
That's the idea.
Let me try to explain.
I do understand that we got some people out there.
In case you haven't heard the show before, we got some people with limited IQ.
And so when we ask a question, they have some of the needs to explain it to them.
Not what was the best movie, not what was the most thrilling movie, not what was the most entertaining movie.
Which movie had the best or most shocking ending?
Because like we said before, one of the biggest problems with filmmakers is that they can put together a really sensational movie.
In fact, some movies you can tell if they never knew when to end it.
It goes on.
Like how do we end this turkey already?
It's not too bad.
But how do we bring this to a conclusion?
Just roll credits.
God.
You know what reminds me of this kind of like those promos that we play on this radio station.
They're getting longer and more ponderous and longer.
I mean, could get this last one that we had there from the most show.
What was that all about?
And then when we got for the dirty boys, there's been about two of those that sounds like it about half of the show is on there.
Hey, Clarence, get with it.
Okay, you idiot.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot tomorrow's payday.
Like I said, that Clarence is the best.
Well, seriously, the promos are too goddamn long.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
A promo was supposed to be like a short clip, just a short and concise little tease to make people interested in my-
Oh, that might be interesting.
Let me tune into that.
Not guys just rambling on in co-herally about some big brush or whatever the hell Joe is talking about.
Good. God almighty.
And the fact that they're making excuses about that book, about the Friday night thing.
I've heard some of that show.
5667.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T of Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Montclair. Hello.
Good morning.
I want to help you.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Your racer head.
Winner hands down your pants.
Okay.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Your racer ready said that it's down your pants.
You see it?
Yeah.
Three.
How many times?
Three.
And?
It doesn't have a beginning, middle or end.
No scene has anything to do with any other scene.
How he can say that, I don't know.
Most bizarre movie you'll ever see, but it doesn't have a bizarre ending.
It's just bizarre.
Okay.
And you seen it?
No, I have it.
Oh, I'm curious.
David Lynch's first-
Oh, David Lynch, that's right.
It's his first, it's his student film.
So it makes all his other films look normal.
It's his student film.
You mean like a political-
Hollywood project for his final exam or something?
Oh, no.
gratuitously strange.
Okay, let me see if I can find it.
I know I will find it in my book.
Just just to see what they say.
Since these are soods that wrote this, he racer head.
Lynch's remarkable first feature is a true original.
There's little, I told you these are soods.
These are British soods that wrote these.
Original.
There's little in a way of a coherent story.
The nervy Henry living in a sorted industrial city of smoked
steam in shadows is forced to marry his girlfriend when she
pronounces herself pregnant.
He finds himself the father of an all-devouring and human monster.
But almost like a surrealist movie, it has its own weird logic, mixing
black comedy concerning nuclear families in urban life, horror and sci-fi conventions,
sci-conventions, and pure fantasy.
Best scene is a dark nightmare about sexuality,
parenthood, and commitment in relationships that astounds through its expressionist sets
and photography, the startling sinister soundtrack and relentlessly imaginative fluency.
Only the sequence that gives the film its name, a dream within the dream about Henry's head
being locked off and turned into a pencil eraser, fails to work.
And that's a small reservation for a film with so many cinematic coups.
Wow, they loved it.
Well, let me ask you this.
If you didn't like it, why did you see it three times?
Paul was really, really high the first two times.
That's the only reason I didn't love it then because everybody also was raving about it.
So I thought, all right, I'll watch it again this time.
I'm sorry, I can't imagine under any circumstances watching a movie three times if I didn't like it.
Well, I thought maybe there's something wrong with me.
I'm not understanding it, so let me watch it again.
Last night I'm flipping around a hockey game and was already decided.
I'm flipping the channels and here's one of the movie channels.
There's the fan with Lauren McCall.
And I watched it mainly because of the fact I hadn't seen in years number one.
No, I think mainly because the guy I was stalking looked so good.
Man, I can't think of what his name was.
I was a captive audience. It was a group thing.
You never saw the fan?
No. I mean, I saw it a long time ago, so I forgot what the guy looks like and etc.
I'm not asking you what the guy looks like.
What do you care what the guy looks like?
I want to start getting trapped into those hysteria types that everybody's calling you a baguette now.
Here it is the fan with, there were different remakes of the movie the fan.
Well, Robert De Niro and Wesley Snipes and Benicio del Toro.
Why the hell did there's another movie that definitely did not need to be remade?
1981, Lauren McCall, James Garner, Maureen Stapleton, oh she got bushing up pretty good in there.
And what's the guy's name? Michael Bean? Is that the guy's name?
Michael Bean.
Kelly Bean.
No, but is that his name? The one who was the stalker?
Yes.
How do you know that? You said you forgot who the hell a guy was.
But I know about it.
5-6, is he speaking in code today or something?
Beena Boyne? Is he up to some kind of tricks?
Don't forget the Mohawar David of Keychain is going to be available.
Now what are we going to be able to do this stuff? How long does it take?
Month or so. Month or so.
So we're going for like sometime in the summer.
June, July, something like that.
And then we'll just leave it on our website in perpetuity.
Who's going to handle the...
Here's a call from Hylia. Hello.
Nail Hylia is morning.
Okay sir.
I don't know if I qualified as shocking but definitely bizarre as she gets water.
Okay. Anybody see it?
Both of us.
I'm asking these beeners if either one of them ever saw an answer is no.
It's definitely bizarre. I don't know about shocking.
Okay well I mean either Mixer Mads. Thanks.
Thank you.
Jacob Slatter. We got it on here. I heard about it. Somebody ruined it for me.
It's got a twist end.
Well what happened? Well I can't tell you.
Well it's not like we're promoting people are going to go out to their blockbuster.
No, no. No. No. Go to blockbuster anyway.
Get your DVD someplace else in your videos.
Because they edit...
I never got a chance to come in right near the end of the show yesterday.
That facts from somebody about how they were buying movies at blockbusters.
And they noticed that certain things that were like grade out the certain body parts of them.
And they called the story and said, oh well we edit all of our movies for the most enjoyable family viewing.
The...
If you found one that you'll buy a movie or rent a movie, I don't want to ask whole censoring and deciding what I can see and what I can't see.
In fact, hasn't that already been done?
Yeah.
When they give the movie to whatever rating they give it hasn't there already been a certain amount of censorship?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All our guys, they movies and stuff them up their ass how do you like that?
I wouldn't go into blockbuster again if you paid me by the second.
And thank God I don't know if they're up here or not. I don't see any blockbusters here.
HMV, have you ever seen HMV store?
No.
Oh, huge.
And there's Sam's which is kinda HM and Crummy.
Because they let her run down.
But the HMV is all over town and big chain.
Just a selection like you wouldn't believe on two floors with escalators the whole deal.
And just every CD, every DVD, every video that's ever been made just about a separate Edward and Bob Roberts.
And you keep, you keep forgetting to remind me to order those.
Sorry.
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
The suggestion I had was another movie that should have never been remade.
And maybe by today's standards it seems kind of like a cheap trick.
But I was completely blown away as a kid when I watched Planet of the H show first time.
The end of that just sent me over the edge.
I saw but I remember what the end of the movie was.
The end of the movie.
He sees some relics from, well he sees the statue of Louis.
Everybody knows he finds the statue of Liberty.
Yes.
Are you seeing it to be there huh?
Absolutely.
Anyway the only complain I have about your show is you're nearly hard enough on Mo.
That guy is a malignant pimple on the face.
I'm not hard enough on Mo.
What would you like me to do?
Murder him?
Well I'm not hard.
That's the first time I've ever heard that.
I'm not hard enough on the Mo.
It's very funny.
The guy is despicable.
I'll do the lambada on and gray with you.
Anyway, love your show.
Gotta go.
Okay.
Have a great day.
I see we're like lighting up on Mo a little bit while we do the keychain.
Taking the next we get that thing out there and sell a whole bunch of them.
And then we'll go back and rip them in.
That's huh?
I want to lighten up a little bit.
He understands the relationship.
Or I can like all of a sudden bond and become friendly.
I think it's a little bit too late for that if you catch my grip.
I already ordered my pants.
I like the moment of lime green and one leg in the lemon yellow the other one.
And the checkered ass.
That's my favorite.
See here again.
Here's a list.
Here's a list.
Basic.
John Travolta, Sam Jackson.
Very new movie.
Huh?
Very new movie.
I don't think many people are going to have seen that.
Phone booth.
Colin Fierro, key for Sutherland.
I can't stand key for Sutherland.
He just...
Something about him.
I haven't seen it.
Primal fear Ed Norton is actually the killer.
Oops.
Good movie.
I mean good ending.
Sorry.
Primal fear.
But Ed Norton is actually the killer.
Oops.
Well, I'm just reading off the page.
Okay?
So how many movies can these people go out there and buy anyway?
That actually really bad movies.
Never wins the movie, right?
That's still the whole reason to watch the movie.
Well, I see.
An American psycho?
They...
They...
They refer to...
They carry out the champ and oldie-eller.
No.
You got Primal fear on there?
Got it.
The original Dutch version of the vanishing.
Not a Hollywood remake.
I've never been able to see the second time.
I gave me a permanent case of claustrophobia.
He is absolutely correct.
The vanishing.
The original Dutch version of vanishing.
Of vanishing.
I think I've seen that.
Pretty sure.
Surprise.
5-670560.
So anyway, in Primal fear at the end...
Ralph Norton is really the murderer.
Remember Norton?
No.
957 at 560 WQAM.
What's the schedule for today?
We got the usual schedule.
Mad Dog at one hank is at three today from these seminal Indians in an Oye Vee.
Oh!
Oh, brother.
Hank is going to feel like a teenager in that place that these seminals in Hollywood
are going to be doing a show.
630 Marlins on direct.
The Giants at the Marlins.
705.
Is he thinking he extended losing streak to 6?
The big...
Oh!
At what 10 o'clock and then doing Mark overnight?
Come on, work on that show, Joe.
Work on that show, Joe.
Mark it with it.
Put you up a little bit.
You know, Mother's Day is coming up this Sunday.
And this year's surprise here with a gift of relaxation from the inner retreats spawn
and wellness studio where she'll enjoy a true spy experience.
The inner retreats spawn wellness studios offering a great Mother's Day package for
just 99 bucks.
Mom's Journey will begin at her arrival where professional licensed staff members will
agree to wood sock music, candlelight and hop tea.
She'll receive a relaxing, revitalizing and facial followed by a massage
designed to relieve all stress and her neck, back and shoulders, all of these things for just 99 bucks.
The inner retreats spawn wellness studios located at 726 Riverside Drive & Coral Springs
right next door to the Outback Steakhouse.
For more information called 954-34162-20, mentioned WDQAM and the first 25 people will receive a free
aroma therapy candle or organic specialty soap and a soap pouch with their Mother's Day package.
They're located in Coral Springs at 726 Riverside Drive, like I said.
Right next door to the prestigious Outback Steakhouse, column at 954-34162-20.
Don't forget this year to do something different and really enjoyable for mom
with a true spy experience at the inner retreats spa and wellness studio.
This is full-trained vices.
She way out.
New Year!
Hola, this is Carlos.
Me llenoré RC.
I take their place.
Oh, I forget to open it.
Today we put them in pola.
The pola will be your favorite operating system.
What is your favorite operating system?
Windows 87, Windows 95, Windows 98, 200 NT, Windows XP, PRO, Windows ME, or MAT, RALAIS.
Legotlophone, Dublac Williams.
Oh, you're doing another poll.
They're not even there today.
So, is part of the tour.
Hello, mother pola species.
I haven't slept in four years.
Yes.
And I'm doing like you just throws in and I have to count out to his whimsy.
Yes.
I hate you.
I hate you.
I hate you too.
I hate you too.
Please, granted.
Well, you got me there.
We'll be there.
That's a preview of things to come, no doubt.
So, which practice is plunket and McLean?
Plunket and McLean.
And I looked it up in the book and just to make sure I was spelling it right because I did put it on there.
Because he writes a whole page of Kaká, which you already saw about how great it was and very entertaining.
But I'm reading a review in just the last part.
Who's in this movie?
Lift Tyler.
Lift Tyler.
He says, of course, we root for the round.
I don't want to read the whole thing.
We root for the boy since Carlisle Miller of an easy rapport.
But the plotting has fumbled.
Tyler has given little to do.
Scott's eye line villainy is fudged.
And if you have the Frenetly Upbeat last year was almost nonsensical.
They didn't like it.
Right?
They hated it.
Yeah.
Almost nonsensical.
Rich Panker loved it though.
Yeah, it was.
So so.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
What movie had the best or most shocking ending of all time?
Somebody said no way out.
These are factions that you sent me earlier that I forgot about.
No way out.
Never saw it.
Oh, we already already got that on.
We put it on.
Sorry, sorry.
Here's me.
The Butler did it.
Set all time a stick and I think the Butler did it like how's your fault too?
Jacob.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on a AT&T line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I haven't seen a lot of those movies on your list.
This is an old movie that I saw about two years ago for the first time.
But it's real.
It's been in the critically acclaimed everything.
Citizen Kane.
Do you remember the part where he's searching through his whole life and he becomes an old man?
And finally he figures out where it is and it's the sled at the end?
Yeah.
Yeah, other people said that George is already chuckling and churling and making grueling sounds in the back.
But I've heard that from many people.
Oh, you haven't seen it?
Yeah, 100 years ago, sure.
Yeah, well, I just was very surprised at the ending.
I don't know.
I just thought that you know, he's searching through his whole life to find out what it's all about and just the stupid sled.
Yeah, exactly.
I was hoping the ending would come a lot sooner than it did.
All right, I'll put it down then.
No, no, we are going to put it down.
A lot of people would agree with you.
Thanks.
Okay.
So you don't be defensive just because George is giving you a hard time.
So far, George, other than a boy and his dog, he don't like any of these.
That's not true.
Including even once he hasn't seen you yet.
Well, no, you are pretty judgmental, okay?
Yeah.
If you ask me.
Or if you ask Carlos, Carlos, I'm sure would agree.
Yeah.
I know he'd agree.
He knows what's good for him.
Citizen Kane.
Well, well, we have heard that from many people before about the amazing ending.
Oh, yeah.
I'll be honest with you usually because I've tried watching it more than once over the years.
I just, I'm usually in a coma before a long, right?
We'll get to the ending.
It was shocking, all right.
That's it.
That's it.
I waited for that.
Here's one that says a classic film with a classic ending Chinatown.
Would Jack Nicholson?
Oh, it was a good movie.
I liked it a lot.
I don't know if the ending was surprising or shocking.
I saw it so long ago, I don't remember about 100 years ago.
They're not understanding the question.
It says a classic film with a classic ending.
Classic ending Chinatown.
It's surprising or shocking.
If I can finish reading the facts, Carlos, beat him on the side of the head real hard once.
Just once.
Fay Dunway gets it in the eye, Alamo Green.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Mo Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
John Houston gets his paws around the young woman produced from his incestuous rape of his daughter Dunway.
And Jack Nicholson is just left stunned.
Forget it, Jake.
It's Chinatown.
It says.
And you say, I like the moon.
Let's put it down.
Who cares?
It's good movie.
But I don't think it qualifies for the, you know, a shocking movie.
Well, let's make, let's ascend the air to the list we got so far.
Okay.
Because it's going to be a big, big fat list, okay?
With it without Chinatown.
With Chinatown.
And don't, don't pay any attention to George.
We're just letting him blow off steam.
That's all.
I didn't say we were, I already wrote it down.
You don't have to get defensive about it.
I'm just giving him instructions on how to ignore you.
Oh, he does.
Works well for me.
Anyway, jury, buddy, this brings us, you've peaked my interest in reckoning for Dream Good.
You're right because if you see one movie this year that, well, two movies this year,
Requiem for Dream and Happiness of the two that you ought to see.
Take a couple of pills, purple ones, green ones, before, during, and after.
I got to watch Requiem for Dream again today.
I can't, I got, I'm just Jones and for it.
Watching that once is just not enough, you know?
No, it's not.
I'm sorry, I'm reading taxes.
For those listeners who haven't run out and bought the DVD of Requiem for Dream It says in this fact,
thank you, Jerry, for all this whole schedule.
It'll be shown on IFC, the independent film channel, five times during this month.
The first one being next Wednesday, May 14th to 10 p.m.
Thursday to 15th at 3 in the morning.
You can tape it.
I don't think too many people are going to be up at 3 in the morning.
In fact, maybe it's said, listen to Joe and Mark.
You can watch that movie.
524, what they would have to be.
Look at the calendar, Bill, quick, because I can't figure that out.
Saturday.
Saturday, May 24th, 10 p.m.
Sunday to 25th will be 315 in the morning, and then the 31st, which will be the following Saturday,
May 31st, 1214 in the morning.
So that would be like Friday night, Saturday morning, I'm assuming.
Do you think IFC would, would show it at its entirety?
Yes.
Why not?
I'm not sure.
I've never seen them chop anything.
Really?
No.
So what would they take out of it?
Nothing.
Ask to ask.
Oh, the sex stuff?
They show porn movies on IFC.
Practically.
No, no, not practically.
They show, I've seen porn movies on there.
I thought it was basic cable.
Independent film channel?
Yeah.
So what does that mean?
It's premium.
Thank you, Assar.
Something they won't show certain things.
Yeah.
My bad.
It says IFC is on most cable systems and it's on direct TV.
My choice for the best movie ending is already on your poll.
I agree with your.
Your job.
One is always the best movie ending ever.
Says, Jeremy, this one for George.
I agree the movie ending was great in that.
It's terrible.
It was a.
I think he made the right choice.
Yeah.
Of course, then again, I'm, you know, looking at it with the John Dostai with the LeWineite.
And I'm a dog lever anyway.
Let's see, crying game and the sixth sense.
That looks like two to me.
Now do we have those on there?
Six sense is good, but crying game.
The part that they're finding shocking is about 20 minutes into the movie.
Not the end.
Oh, sixth sense.
Okay.
Let's put that on there.
Give them one out to two.
Here's one that says this is only available on VHS, but it'll be released on DVD August 5th compared to all the other 80s team movies.
It has a real, a very real and shocking ending, not a happy ending like most of the 80s team movies.
Yeah, who now wants a happy ending all the time?
It's so predictable, you know?
I mean, there are sometimes when you demand a happy ending, when the audience says, which is why, of course, in the last, I don't know what, 10, 15 years, they've made more and more movies with different endings when you buy the DVD.
Whichever ending is going to make you happy.
Which is so stupid, you know?
I mean, that would be like writing a book.
And then, well, the last chapter in the book, we got 15 different versions depending on what kind of book, what color pill you're taking today.
Why are you being a book?
Yeah, if you like that ending, how about this one?
Right.
The last American version, 19.2.
That's what I saw it.
So I don't even remember how it ended.
It says, sure, it starts out like any other team movie of that wonderful era of the adolescent 80s, but it takes a few dips in mood all with an 80 soundtrack from the time.
When the main character ends up losing the girl of his dream to a much more sexual friend, if you are making it lump in the throat, but it's not over yet or make it lump in his pants.
For the next 30 minutes, he comforts the girl when she's dumped and impregnated by the so-called friend.
You get the feeling that maybe they'll live quietly of the after considering they grow so close, feeding off each of those feelings of rejection.
But wait, it's still not over yet.
No, I just...
Huh?
In the final five minutes of the film, there may be the staple, a huge party, but as our hero walks into a room, Yadi Yadi goes on.
I remember.
Final credits rule instantly over a shock, I'm not going to say what is a complete downer in a pretty...
A typical...
Okay, Ashland, so let's get that under the last American version.
Got it? Got it.
Okay.
And we're going to get this pulled up there now because we certainly got a whole...
They're a crappler to these. Right? Right.
You can only imagine by the end of the show probably about 500.
That's okay. Keep certain people busy, keep them out of that food business.
Because the one thing that people can't stand the worst in the audience based on yesterday's pull is big fat slabs.
People are just nauseated by it. They're disgusted by it, they're revolted.
These are the most pathetic creatures and if we feel bad for them, I feel bad for me.
Because all I got is this 30, 35 pounds desperate. I want to lose it, I can't do it. Can't stop the fat.
Can't do it.
I've done everything but stand on my head, I've done everything but do the light post suction and the stomach stapling.
I'm not going to do anything like that stuff.
Look what it did for Josh Frieden, by the way.
Stomach Safer.
I think what they did with him is they cleaned out the previous 400 pounds and made way for the new 600.
From what I'm hearing, isn't that correct? A new batch.
Yeah, a new batch.
Go with it, Ron and Ron crap again.
Anyway, speaking of what we're talking about, speaking of big fat slabs, balance for life is something you're sure ought to think about.
If you're frustrated and you've tried all the other diets and they just don't work for you.
Like I've always told you, not every diet is good for everybody, everybody's different.
Balance for life is working for tons of people. Old ponytail, but there are Jeff Cohen will be delighted to regain your mysteries of all the way he lost on balance for life.
The thing that makes it the easiest is you don't have to pick anything out of them from the menu that they send you.
You have two choices for each meal and that's it. You don't have to shop.
You don't have to count calories or carbs. You don't have to cook or do anything except just go to your door, open up that baby every morning and right there at your doorstep by 6 o'clock is your little black sack.
And that's the key to losing weight.
In your black sack, there are three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks and that's the food you'll have for the entire day.
Believe me, by the time you won't be hungry, you won't be starving or no per keep like portions like most of the other programs.
Three delicious full meals with all kinds of fresh goodies in your chicken dishes and fish dishes and whatever you like.
Like I said, you get two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program and the weight pours off your body because it's all based on the zone diet.
So here's the opportunity for you to really lose the weight, the delicious and painless way with balance for life.
If you're frustrated from all the other diets that haven't worked for you, give this one a try.
You're yourself to do it. Here's the number to call balance for life. It's 954-568-3229.
That's 954-568-3229. You'll start seeing results within days or check them out of the web if you feel like it. Balance for life.com.
My and local career sports radio 560-G-A-M.
Hello, operator. Give me the number for 9-1-1. This woman has to be gone to hospital.
Hospital?
What is it?
It's a big building in the face. That's not a 40 right now.
Do I have some eyes? It's the latest big fight. I was traveling far enough.
Never had a face yet in the last night.
I need a face and ask with SARS.
I need a heart. It's medically impossible.
No one it is. It's a people I've dead. It's not an illusion. I hope it doesn't let them when I head.
He's a sick man. This is where sick people come.
I have an intrepid. Where's the defibrillator?
There.
This thing patriotic.
Do I have SARS? Yes, the name has been fried. I was troubled and far.
To out of vision, the last night.
But we're safe for now. Thank goodness we're in a bowling alley.
Do I have SARS?
All made one.
No, you got the wrong number.
Do I have SARS?
I just got a good chuckle. I took a look over at our poll here.
Eric has a little editor of comment today.
It says everybody likes a good poll now and NELS knows no exception.
Note, although your opinion does matter to us, the real reason we take these pollsters to see how many of you agree with George.
Oh god, you guys are going to get started again, are you? Good.
Just leave me out. Leave me out of it. I already had a stroke. Okay, I know one another one.
Yeah, that's probably the reason we take the pollsters to see how many people think George is right or if he's full of crap.
God, we got so many facts is here and I got faxes up the ass.
We're going to help George the one about all here, it is from Claudia.
She says it's been a long time since I saw happiness, but I do remember the ending, which I'm not going to use the expression you don't because we give.
Huh? Don't know. That doesn't take anything with you seeing on there. That doesn't take.
It says we read it after seeing the director or a slice writer's other film in the company of men.
Well, he also then he also was the director of welcome to the DAH house with somebody recommended yesterday.
Says the guy really blurs the line between black comedy and social commentary really well.
I'm not sure if I would recommend it to the company of men to you.
The interesting thing is the writer of these and really disturbing the great Broadway play, which I can't remember the name of, is he's a Mormon.
Todd Solons, S-O-L-O-N-D-Z. He says she says, you know, the guys who were the special underwear and Utah.
He's a really interesting guy and a great writer and Claudia says, Planet of the Apes is her choice.
Pulls up. The sixth sense has got five votes.
It just went up.
Usual suspects four and it's just, you know, what's the point of, and then we'll see if you agree with Georgina.
I bet you happiness doesn't get a lot of votes and probably because not too many people have seen it.
Right? Right.
Which doesn't prove anything other than not too many people.
The most popular movie is going to wind up winning this.
Right. That's the problem.
Here's a fact that says when I was a teenager in 76 or 77, my friends and I went to see Carrie in a pack theater when Carrie's arm popped out of the ground at the end.
Oh, you know what another one is?
Deliverance.
Okay.
Don't you remember John Voight is finally home?
Uh-huh.
I don't want to say what it was, but I remember this fact.
This fact reminded me that deliverance. Let's get that on there. Of course.
Anyway, um, and grab the girl visiting her grave and have seen that ultimately turned out to be a dream sequence.
The entire theater Schmidt their pants as lucky would say in Donnie Brassco.
I think I should make my pants.
You know, I think that was the only good line he had in the movie.
That's why they kept repeating it.
I feel bad for Al Pacino because he's so great and it's his own, it's his own choice.
Sometimes people just, you know, take bad rules.
Right.
And they stuff him in their suitcase or in their bag and they take him home to the condo.
Based on the element of surprise, I had to give Carrie my vote for best at any none of us saw it coming.
Carrie, you got it?
Got it.
I'm sure I saw Carrie, but that's, I guess I'm going to have to get that again.
See, it's one thing about buying DVDs. What?
You don't want to get Carrie.
Doctor Volta and his Haiti.
I forgot.
I've already seen that.
I did see it about a hundred years ago.
Best movie ending the Italian job.
You ever heard that?
Just came out.
I don't even know if it's out yet.
You don't know if it's out yet.
It's out preview for it in the movies like on Monday.
Well, the so it's out now.
Right.
Well, somebody saw it.
Somebody's obviously a movie.
Don't start fooling this because we got somebody out there.
I haven't seen most of these movies.
I haven't been that movie intensive for years up until now with the DVDs.
Right?
Right?
I felt a whine about most of these.
Oh, I don't care what anyone says.
Happiness.
You watch it this weekend and mark my words.
You might even change your vote.
You might even erase your head and change your vote back from a boy and his dog.
Which I, you know, I think I was one of the first people to rave on air about a boy and his dog.
What a great movie that was.
Good call.
And look, look at the cast in that movie.
Not only Don Johnson, but what's his name was in it who died from booze.
Great actor.
I can't put you in there.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I can see him right now.
Front of me.
Jason Robara.
There you go.
A lot of really good people on it.
It was great.
In fact, that movie reminded me of the prisoner.
Right?
Right?
Because they had that underground bunker society.
Right.
Anyway, here's one that says, please, Neil, could you have to make a couple of drop-ins from the scene and happiness where John Love.
It's from a certain night life.
Goes on his date in the beginning.
Big thing at the movie.
It's quite a date.
It is quite a date.
Movies with weird or interesting endings.
It says Donnie Darko and Lost Highway.
We want to put either one of those down or nobody never saw Donnie Darko.
How about Donnie Brasco?
Lost Highway was another David Lynch, so it was just the strange all the way through.
Okay.
Well, anybody that puts that a bunch, we're going to have to like, you know, we'll go to committee on it.
Paul says, isn't front of the lips that we were Charlton Heston says?
Duse son of a bitch.
When he sees the torch of the stanchor of liberty sticking out of the sandwich, he realizes he's still on earth.
Duse son of a bitch.
Is that it?
No, he doesn't say that.
He says, damn you, damn you all the hell.
Oh.
Where did that come from?
Duse son of a bitch.
When he was visiting WIOD that one day.
Come on.
He was kind enough to cut that for us.
Oh, really?
I don't remember that.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
I mean, I remember a few people doing things for a special life.
This is T. Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
I didn't do it specifically for us.
I think Michel Lewis or one of the other guys had him in the name of a production room and just asked him to throw some lines down as it was.
Ah, that was one of them.
Well, I'm sure he don't remember it.
No.
And I'm sure G. Gordon Lydia does.
G. Gordon Lydia's obsessed with me in the show, by the way.
I should point that out to you.
Really?
Best surprise movie.
I need to movie the sting.
Says Mike Cronich.
I think you weren't going to send me any more of his fances.
I forgot.
Oh, the sting?
I forgot.
Oh, that ended, too.
30 years ago.
See, all I had to do was mention Charlottes and Heston and right away, Georgia's Alzheimer's kicked in.
How can the audience tell whether they agree with you or not if you forgot most of the goddamn movie?
Hot damn it.
Here's Sean and Hollywood Cronich who says, I think you're a guy voting for Psycho,
meant not so much the prison room of the fly scene, but the fact that he was his mother.
Well, that's not the end of the movie, see?
They're not getting it.
That's not the end of the movie.
The end of the movie is the end of the movie.
Okay.
The end of the movie is like the final scene.
The final scene.
The final scene.
Right.
That's it.
But, uh, that's it.
Go home.
Sean also suggests two films in case one is too obscure.
Oh, he also says the Italian job.
How do you like that, being her boy?
Oh, it's just out.
It's just out.
What is wrong with you, man?
Hola, Mrs. Carlos.
Yeah, let's decide the point.
Yeah, he can just sit there and dump me up and we can keep playing with him.
Hola, Mrs. Carlos.
Yeah.
I have to have him, you know, extend all that energy, expend.
Especially when you weigh about 42 pounds.
The Italian job's starring Michael Cain.
Does he Cain the Steve Cain?
Let's get Steve Cain some more publicity.
What do you say?
Oh, put him on the front page of the newspapers.
In fact, I think they heard him in the Sunset a lot.
They just put his push on there and the time that he's on 24 hours a day on their website.
Him in that homophobic buddy Nevin's.
Maybe they can do a two-man deal and a show too.
Have to apologize, by the way.
The Italian job that's out now is a remake from a 1969 movie.
Ah.
Starring Michael Cain.
Right.
A gang of gold robbers ends up with a escape fan teedring on a mountain precipice
with a million gold bullion anchoring the van toward death.
Michael Cain says, listen, lads, I've got a smashing idea.
And then, well, I'm not going to be the right.
The witness for the prosecution is starring Charles Lawton and Marlena Dietrich.
We don't have anybody older up for that, Sean.
As the ending credits role and announcer asked the audience not to reveal to their friends the bizarre court-remending.
How do you like that?
Well, I guess so I guess that must be it.
Huh?
Okay.
Witness for the prosecutor was that about 1860, I think 1859, just before the Civil War.
Don't let me.
Thanks, Sean.
I bet you'll see that the Eastman House in Rochester.
Yeah, what would you do when you went to Rochester?
You go to the Eastman House.
You can't go to Don and Bob's anymore because they're out of business.
You can't go to Vic and Irv's anymore.
I'm pretty whatever happened with the Vic and Irv's that was supposed to open down there.
Did it finally open?
Huh?
With the Rochester White Heights and the garbage, plate and all that good stuff?
Haint seen, nothing.
I'll be damned.
Well, how the hell would you see it?
You live in Hollywood where all this old Yent is?
Yes.
Oi!
I got some good bedtime stories too.
I'm going to get bogged down in this because we're going to have a list of about 7,000 movies.
Don't let me forget a few of these that I want to put on here.
Like Ariana Huffington, I'll tell you what, she's good, she's great.
And then every now and then she just drops off the deep end for some reason.
She's kind of strange.
But she writes some good stuff.
For example, the president's 77% solution.
I'm going to read a couple of bedtime stories today if it's the last damn thing I do.
Don't forget to join our close personal friend, Joe Costello, who used to be so damn good.
Remember those days?
Mm-hmm.
He was really good.
Well, that's what they say.
John will be a noon to two at the Singular Wireless Store, a 637 North Andrews Avenue and Cypress Creek.
Stop by to get some free Marlon tickets to the night's game.
We're just going to win a trip for two of the major league baseball.
Why can't they just say the All Star game and a skybox party at the pro?
Who writes this crap McGill?
Idiot.
I'm going to give you Sard.
And I don't know if I'm going to give him Sard as I'm going to impregnate him too.
Huh?
Come on, I come back.
You better watch your back side, sweetheart.
Oh yeah, well, he wants to get it.
I'm going to give it to him.
I'm going to give him everything I got.
Which ain't much.
What a pussy, man.
What a...oh, I got so many lines I can use now, but I need the job.
Him and George Corso.
What a match man that ordinarily.
Would you think the two of them had anything in all their common?
Yeah.
I wouldn't.
Well, I've read next.
Right wing.
27 past 10.
If I see anything, go right right wing again.
That's like using the N word.
That's what mystery.
I mean, that's so stupid.
You know, if you're going to call somebody right wing, that's the equivalent of calling somebody leftist or liberal, okay?
That's all.
It's like an uncommon out for conservative.
That's nothing to do with the word nigger.
I mean, that's just what, too, what is he put it in there to get a lot of publicity.
Nice going, Steve, oh, it worked.
That's all I can tell you.
It worked like a charm.
Got him just tons and tons of publicity.
And he still don't have any audience.
28 past 10 if you win.
If you're in a dead end job, man.
If you're working on a radio station that nobody knows where to fight it on the dial,
it's got no audience.
If you're like working for peanuts, here's the answer for you.
Get yourself trained for a brand new high-paying computer job.
And the computer industry is continuing to go through the roof.
There's no end in sight.
Call our friends at Fast Train and get trained in just four short months.
They can give you the training.
You need to get yourself a really high-paying fat paycheck job.
Call 1-866-FAST Train.
They offer convenient day eating a weekend classes.
Check them out on the web if you're like at fast train.com.
And say goodbye to your boss once and for all.
And those crap holes you work with and at really meaningless job.
Call Fast Train today.
They got locations all over town.
So there's going to be one convenient to where you live.
They're in Miami, Kindle, Pemberpins, and Fort Lauderdale.
And when you call Fast Train, tell them that Todd Wreck is an asshole
and refuses to do anything to service this account.
Mention his name several times.
Tell him just say it over and over again.
Todd Wreck is an asshole.
And don't forget to register at Fast Train.com to get your free American flag bumper sticker too.
Call Fast Train today and get yourself under road to a real serious job
and a career in a life.
1-866-FAST Train.
To my mind and loathe.
This is Fort Lauderdale, 608.
You are the way he is.
So Prince, why did he get this rots off?
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind a True Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
Only one thing rivaled her totally looked lips of the heart.
And that was the total eclipse of her career.
She was Bonnie Tyler.
Nothing I can do until there are the clips of the haul.
I remember as a child growing up in Wales.
You couldn't keep me away from the piano.
Did you say Wales?
Isn't Catherine Zeta Jones from Wales?
I think so, but I...
Because Lord that woman is hot.
I mean, even when she's pregnant, you just want to do her.
Yes, and that's fine.
Now could you think Michael Douglas could ever have a bag of, he wasn't famous?
I mean, come on, he's like, 60 or something.
Look, I thought we might discuss my work with Meatloaf songwriter Jim Steinman.
I mean, f***, I'll bet sometimes while you're in bed,
but he's just lying there thinking, holy s***.
I have banging Catherine Zeta Jones.
Perhaps you'd find my contribution to the Footloose soundtrack
worthy of your program.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Footloose is great.
Good for you, Catherine.
Bonne.
Hey, you were searing around, you know, in Wales.
I'm not interested in Catherine Zeta Jones.
Oh, come on.
I bet even women want a piece of her.
I think she owed tremendous appeal to both sexes.
Bloody hell, I'm going away now.
Didn't you already do that back in 1985?
Anyway, it's a big juicy, stuffing-want-look at your business tonight,
on inside of behind.
1032-560 W. Grammett, here's Angel Hard.
You put that down?
Yes.
When Mickey work realizes he was hired by Lucifer to find out that he had died many years ago
and sold his whole of the devil,
and have it live on somebody else's body.
And the last shot is him and the elevator going down the hill.
I ruined it, I guess, huh?
Sorry, Mickey.
Angel Hard.
We have two fangs, which is very strange.
Both saying the crying game for best ending.
It's not the ending.
It's 20 minutes into the movie.
There's a lot to do about the ending.
She has a penis and you find out 20 minutes into the freaking movie.
Does he's got a penis?
Yeah.
You call that a penis?
Well,
many people have asked me that.
Oh, seriously, we're not going to put that down, I guess, huh?
More confused people, although it does say
for the best ending with exclamation points, but they just don't get it.
We're not talking about in-between in the middle.
That part right before you get up and walk out,
although that is necessarily the ending.
Like, for example, that movie talk radio, that Eric Bogosian,
piece of crap, I think the part right before you walk out is after the opening credit start.
That's the smart time to get up and walk out.
I kept looking at my watch and looking at, when you start looking at your watch,
you know that the movie already blows, okay?
That's like one step away just getting up and walking out.
It's looking at your watch.
Like how much longer can this piece of swill possibly last?
Oh, look at this from USA Today.
This is terrible.
Ticking on the president's family?
The White House didn't return phone calls yesterday,
but the president and First Lady must be reeling over Ashton Kutcher's comments about their twin
daughters in the new Rolling Stone magazine.
The Shaggy-Haird TV star tells the magazine that he met Barbara and Jenna Bush,
now 21 in a party year and a half ago, and the sisters along with a secret service agent
went back to his place afterward.
The bushes were underage drinking at my house when I checked outside.
One of the secret service guys asked me if they'd be spending the night.
I said no.
I go upstairs and see another friend.
I can smell the green, marijuana, walking out under his door.
I opened the door and there he is,
smoking out the bush twins on his hookah.
On his hookah.
But I haven't played that beast thing a long time because we're on the outs with him.
Did he call her a hookah?
Kutcher wasn't a polygenic one because he didn't say what was being smoked or who was doing
the smoking said,
spokeswoman Leslie Sloan Zelnik.
Right.
Right.
On his hookah.
Did I say she's a hookah?
She was a Freudian slip.
Well, whatever.
I guess we'll have to play the Bonsong.
We can't let the beast is a fat tub and hopeless and we just give up.
We throw up, we throw our arms up and we wash ourselves clean from you.
Right.
So we try to our damnedest.
We feel real bad about it, don't we?
I do.
What movie had the...
How about being a boy?
If you're bad about the beast?
Yeah.
No, you don't.
No.
What movie had the best or most shocking ending of all time?
Sixth Sense had 20 votes.
Usual Suspects 19.
Planet with your grapes 8.
Sharshank Redemption 8.
No way out 8.
American Beauty 7.
Chinatown 4.
That you were poo-pooing I should point out.
You were poo-pooing it.
Well, I like the movie.
It just didn't have a shocking ending.
Arlington Road 4.
Happiness has got three.
Let's hear it.
One of those votes is mine.
And I'm so pleased this punch.
Last American Virgin 3.
Citizen Gaines got a couple.
The racer has got a couple.
One of his dogs got two.
So there were a battle on here between my choice and George's choice.
I got three and he's got two.
Of course, I've seen both movies and you haven't.
I bet you the hit here doesn't have any votes.
You think?
Let me look.
It's got at least one.
I'm looking.
It's got one.
I just don't think many people saw that.
They have it.
Great, great movie.
Great sensational movie.
All the way through.
I mean, you talk about a chiller.
You talk about great acting.
See Thomas Howell, Rucker Hower.
What's the chick's name?
Jennifer Jason Lee.
Right.
And a roly coaster ride all the way through.
I put it in the same category only much more intense as dual.
With Dennis Weaver, I was always talking about.
Very good.
What the guy's chasing him with the truck.
Same kind of thing.
The tension just keeps building all the way throughout.
He just can't escape the guy.
When he gets the french fries, the diner's up to me.
I mean, you talk about putting new meaning in the expression,
finger food.
It's just it's a great thing.
The hitcher.
I'm trying to do a favor for the audience.
They give me a whole bunch of movies to go on by the DVDs,
which I did.
I spent a fortune and I'm delighted because so far,
all of them have been good except for bully.
And I was judges fault.
Sorry.
And the end being a boy.
Now let's play it on Carlos, okay?
Because he was the one that really sold me on it.
Oh yeah.
He's got it.
He lost.
Didn't you both get pet on me a bill of goods on it?
Hey, I was honest about why.
It sucked.
Okay.
It was okay for you but not for me.
Or I'm not interested in seeing ugly guys naked.
No.
They're never gonna forget that.
They're telling us I think.
No, I don't think so.
I think we got a few people out there that wants to see ugly guy.
I mean, a good looking guy's naked.
And let me say it again.
If you go to get Gatica, you'll see Ethan Hawke and air.
And naked is a jabourd.
You see his ass, which I don't really care about.
But there are a lot of people out there that do.
They get really, they're so desperate.
They're like the guy in an opening scene of happiness.
They're that desperate.
In fact, all the people in that movie were desperate.
All you desperate people out there that couldn't get laid and amused to them,
believe me, happiness will have extra meaning for you.
Because almost nobody here can get an ant.
Except in the middle of them, we totally invent because they're a finally bang
some old bag in a condo.
Just, you know, just for kicks.
Here's the call from sunrise, huh?
No.
Yes, sir.
My personal dad.
How are you?
How's this?
Because of the stars.
Stars is doing great.
My fever's 142.
I can't wait for you to return back down south and then everybody.
Breathe all over everybody, man.
I'm going to show up in the middle of the day when they least expected and just exhale.
I was thinking maybe even both Boca Barn could do a bit on that that, you know,
you go back down there and infecting everybody.
You could hit that bit.
I'm an infected bit.
Yeah, that's not bad.
In fact, that's going to be on the Mohawar David Akiche and I should point out.
Oh, I really, really is.
I'm in fact, this, I'm in fact, this is going to be on there.
Absolutely.
Can you imagine how that thing is going to sell?
That thing is going to sell like Halify in Manhattan.
It is.
It should.
I've listened.
I got one for you and you're pulled to.
Okay.
I was thinking of a shocking ending when the shock me was easy rider.
Peter Fonda.
Well, just the ending.
No, I'm not saying he was shocking, just saying he was in it.
Yeah, I would agree with that.
In fact, I just saw that a couple of weeks ago on TV just by accident.
Yeah, I was thinking, you know, even that's one that the back door of inner boys would know about.
And George says, of course,
he says, of course, and trying beer horses.
Oh, yeah.
He's got to go.
Have a great day, Palli.
You too.
See, yeah.
Easy rider.
Get out on the list.
Of great list, these are movies with the best of the most shocking ending.
Not necessarily the best movies.
This is part of the problem.
You have separating,
of putting the big flood light on the real question.
Okay, of separating the wheat from the chief.
I kind of thought the ending in Debbie does Dallas wasn't too bad either.
Scored, scored.
It had a wild end.
Yeah, put that finish.
We already did that on the best point of movie a long time,
but the problem is that in recent years,
it makes it very difficult.
Has nobody knows the names anymore?
They have names.
Besides see more butts.
I mean, yeah, they do have names, but they're all put.
They're so damn many of them now.
They're such a glut.
Although that probably will change the next few months.
Once the Attorney General outlaws all right.
It starts out,
covering up the breast on the statue,
and then of course they're going to come to your home onto the Patriot Act
and take away your porno.
I just mentioned that in passing.
All you assholes there at the Sun,
sitting on the Amami Herald.
I ever tell you about the time I picked up that guy.
I'm on the street.
This is many years ago.
I'm Viscan Boulevard from Amami Herald.
I ever tell you that story?
No.
True story.
10.41 at 5.
He followed me home and then he got lost.
Never actually hooked up with him.
Probably just as well.
With Mother's Day around the corner,
and that sounds bizarre,
and we're both down on Viscan Boulevard.
This is way way back in the mid-70s.
Cruising.
Like at about 2.30 in the morning.
Desperate.
And I know your line for that is going to be,
yeah, it must have been.
He was pretty ugly too.
Anyway, Donald MacPris wants to say that
Mother's Day is coming up just a few days away.
It's a perfect time to repay Mom
who spent so many sleepless nights.
Just pacing the floor wondering if you're ever going to
show your ass up again.
Donald MacPris has got the perfect
mattress for you and for your Mom.
If it's saggy, if it's lumpy, worn out,
and I'm thinking about my mother,
I'm thinking saggy is the word,
then pick up the phone and call
Donald MacPris Tool 3 at 1-800-MATTRES.
They've got the complete line of C-A-C-R-E.
What is it?
Seely, sir, the King Corlan Simmons.
That's what I said.
And you certainly don't want Mom's
to go on something that you wouldn't put your ass on.
So don't put it off one more minute,
especially with time running out.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life,
each and every day than a great night's sleep.
These are the only people I use
and you ought to be doing the same.
Donald MacPris gets more repeat and referral customers
than anybody because they know how to treat
their customers right.
And I guarantee I bet you Miguel's life on it,
that once you buy a mattress and Donald MacPris,
you'll never go back to the old-fashioned way
of schlepping the showrooms and wasting time and money again.
And don't forget when you do buy a mattress
from Donald MacPris, they'll set up the new one
and take away the crappy old bedding for free.
That is correct.
Donald MacPris sets up the new one,
takes away the old, so-called nasty,
stained, worn-out bedding for free.
So this mother's day have mommy sleeping like a baby
on her brand new bed from Donald MacPris.
Gift certificates available to an all-denominations.
So call right now, toll free 1-800-MACPris.
1-800-MATTRES for Donald MacPris.
They easy the intelligent way to get you a great night's sleep.
My life and look all this is for trade-off by city.
Neon God.
This is Tom Rokai and we can now use.
Comey legend Bob Hope is celebrating his 100th birthday.
Recently I sat down with the Census Ginary
Inn for a retrospective and a bowl of vegetarian chili
that took its toll on both of us.
Bob has been one heck of a ride.
Pardon me.
You think he'll ever perform again?
It's you back here too.
Is it true?
Excuse me.
Is it true he used to sleep with the ladies with whom you work?
What was in that chili, Bob?
Bob, I'll give you a name.
You give me a first thing that pops in your head and my neck.
Rosemary Clooney.
Well, I want me.
Bob, do you give that many to represent a little hope?
Yeah, yeah, just right.
All right, Bob, I realize it might be a tremendous favor.
But you think you can tell us your favorite joke,
from over the years to have?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's where I want me.
That's right, Bob, where I want me.
Yeah, that's right, where I want me.
Yeah, just right.
Ah, that's one of my favorites, Bob, very funny.
That's Tom Rucka for NBC The Early News.
10.46, you know what I never played those because in all
difference to Rick and SUDs, but that one I had to make an exception.
Yeah, you didn't like it?
I liked it.
14 before 11 o'clock, we have to pass everything by George now to see whether it
means his squeal of approval.
It's about time.
That's what Eric says.
He says, we only take the poll to find out whether you agree with your taste
is as marginal as George's.
And sometimes it is, sometimes it is.
As a matter of fact, let's see.
Let me see how happiness and a boy and his dog are doing right now.
Although I have no problem with a boy and his dog.
They're tied with three each.
They're tied by each.
Ariana Huffington writes, the president's 77% solution in the LA Times.
77% for weeks now, those three little words are served as the ultimate
discussion stopper, a conversational coup d'egra,
where they're offered up on TV talk shows are tossed across dining room tables.
That magic number, the president's robust post-war job approval rating,
has been as effective at crawling any disagreement with the Bush
administration's selectively velcro-sformed policies,
or its suicidal tax cuts as a laser-graded bunker-buster bomb.
77%.
The president is triumphant.
77%.
The president can do no wrong end of discussion, end of democratic debate,
or so Bush and his handlers,
perfectly hope.
Only it's not.
It's just the beginning.
For starters, majorities can be and very, very often have been dead wrong.
For instance,
Macarena held the top spot on the Billboard singles chart for 14
straight weeks.
Need I say more?
And I'm not even pointing out for the president that a majority voted
against him in 2000.
But let's put aside for the moment they dilute a Christmas of
basing anything on increasingly inaccurate opinion polls
with their plummeting response rates,
laughably small samplings,
and precision-flouting margins of error,
and take a closer look at the latest numbers.
You'll see that the president isn't flying anywhere near his
ties Karl Rove would like us to believe.
For one thing, the latest newsweek poll the president's approval rating
has already spun to 65%
of 12-point drops since the post-follow bag that euphoria that
boost him up in the double-sevenths.
And even that pills in comparison with the 89% rating
his father sported after the Gulf War.
The instability of the president's punitive popularity becomes even more apparent
when the subject of the polls has switched from the war
and erected the flowering economy at home,
only 49% of Americans approve of Bush's handling of the economy
and more than half think he's not paying enough attention to the issue.
This is a big problem for the White House because the majority of those pulled
set the economy as their top concern.
I'm sure the team Bush wishes the rest of us were paying as little attention
to the economy as he is.
It's no wonder Rove is struggling so mightily to make 2004 about little more
than picking a cockpit ready commander in chief.
But being president entails a lot more than making tailhook landings
and ordering less-minute bombing runs on restaurants and mosques
where Saddam Hussein might be hiding.
It requires vision and leadership and the ability to come up with a way to deal with
6% national unemployment that doesn't include hammering Congress to pass yet
another tax cut for the rich or repeating the word jobs close to 3,000 times in a single speech
as the president did two weeks ago.
But even if you put all that aside and focus exclusively on the endless war
the administration seems determined to wage or at least determined to campaign on
the White House's reliance on pooling seems destined to blow up on all of our faces.
Can you think of anything more preposterous and dangerous than determining
matters of war and peace on the basis of public opinion surveys?
Yet all indications are that Bush and Chief Strategist Rove are chronic pool watchers and
takers.
A scary thought when you consider how consistently unreliable pools are.
Take the case of an LA Times poll conducted during the early days of the Iraq invasion.
According to the survey 50% of Americans were in favor of expanding the fighting in the
Middle East to include Iran if it continued to develop nuclear weapons, impressive
and utterly dubious.
Just a week after the LA Times headline-grading findings of Gallup poll on the same sub
that came up with a widely contradictory result determining that a whopping 69% of Americans
opposed an invasion of Iran even if it was proved to be developing weapons of mass destruction
or aiding terrorists.
So which was it?
Were Americans gung-hoed to take on Iran or did the thoughts send a shiver up our collective
spine?
And what if the wolf voices of the world had used the first numbers to convince Rove
that a preemptive strike against Iran would be a good political move?
Would the Gallup findings have then led the President to make an apology to call to the
ruling eye of Toulas and Tehran saying, sorry, fellas, my bad, but that's polling for you.
It's bad enough taking a poll to determine whether the public is in favor of requiring
school kids to our uniforms.
It's downright strange Lovian to ask them whether they're in favor of attacking a sovereign nation,
even if your approval rating is 100%.
Good column by Ariana Huffington.
She's usually got her thumb right on it.
Yep.
Let me know it and she just goes off the deep end.
Maybe that might one time a month, you know?
Here's the fact that she's, how about the original plan of the apes?
It's on her.
It's in third place.
It's got 15 votes.
Also, Freelady.
I think they mean Freelty, but they do mean the book.
Is there really such a movie?
Yeah, and it certainly qualifies.
Really?
Yes.
I'll be damned.
Well, let's spell it right without the extra, uh, whatever the guy has to, I,
F-R-A-I-L-T-Y.
Freelty.
I can spell, baby.
I don't know what tell us all about what it means most of the time.
I can spell.
There's something to good bedtime stories I want to give to because,
unfortunately, we have many, many people out there who don't have the time,
or certainly, and then another segment of the audience, we ignore.
People don't have a computer.
What are we thinking about, you know?
We put all good bedtime stories on there and then we assume that everybody's going to read
them on our website and we have an enormous number of people who do, do, do.
But, uh, what about people that don't have access to a computer?
Screw them.
No, seriously.
I think that's our bad, if you ask me.
Oh, I do like this, though.
I'm just leaving two of these and taking the damn paper clip off.
US's Haliburton deal includes operating oil fields, contract much larger than previously known.
Contract much larger than previously known.
I just have a shouting that just in case somebody might care.
The US Army has revealed for the first time that a subsidiary of Haliburton Company
has the contract encompassing the operation of Iraqi oil fields.
The senior US lawmakers said previously the US Army Corps of Engineers had described the
contract given to Haliburton run by US President Dick Cheney from 1995 to 2000
as involving oil well firefighting.
But in the May 2nd letter, we're applying to questions from senior Democratic
lawmaker Henry Waxman.
The Army said the contract also included operation of facilities and distribution of products.
Waxman, the top ranking Democrat in the House and representatives of representative committee
on government reform after an explanation on Tuesday.
Your May 2nd letter indicates the contract is considerably broader in scope than previously
known. He told Army Corps of Engineers, military programs, Chief Lieutenant General Robert Flowers.
How do you like that?
And you can read it on the website and if you don't have a computer, you're out of luck like
you said. We just don't have time, okay? But it's pretty then distressing and disturbing,
because basically what it boils down to is the President and Cheney and all of their
boyfriends and Wolfowicz and his crowd and Richard Pearl, who was holding those seminars
telling people how to profit from attacking Iraq and maybe North Korea next.
How can, how can, seriously, the stuff is all right there. It's in black and white.
How can there be so many millions of stupid, stupid people, huh?
You'd dangle it right in their face.
Well, I think we won the war. We done a good job. We did the right thing.
And like I told George before the show this morning, would just,
just frost my balls, man. Let me take a look right now because I will not watch them.
But I want to flip over from CBC to the, uh, CIMOR TOURNATOES, they're back on that story.
And what's, you know, it's a big story. But where are those live cameras in Baghdad? Where
the live cameras all around Iraq? Now that the fighting is 99, 9, 10th percent over, where are the,
now that we have the satellite technology, we sure hand the cameras there to see them pulling
that statue down at the, uh, the photo op. How come we, and then you'll notice right after
Baghdad fell, if everybody, uh, high-tailed it had their suitcases full of money we paid him.
And then we had, we went from the, from the blurry, awful, uh,
video phone pictures and the night vision with a blurry green, uh,
anywhere you couldn't see it, anything. And all of a sudden we got the cameras there.
We're in there. We got the crystal clear pictures with a satellite flipping back to the york.
How come we don't have that now? All day, every day we had 24, 7 coverage run stuff.
And the reason being they don't want you to see what's really going on there. That's the real
reason, okay? That's why you get very little footage. You only coverage even get anymore as all
these glamorous photo opportunities. Here come the soldiers back home. Here's the sailors back and
sat Diego. Here's their wives. Here's a cute little baby. And isn't it great to be back in a good
job, well, that's it. That's it. I mean, to bring in the history of the world, there has never
been, and I include Nazi Germany. I include the, the communist does anybody. There has never been
a more brainwashed public than the American public is right now as I'm sitting in my ass on his
chair. Never. You talk about ghost stippers, man. That's where those numbers come from.
And when certain people go on the year and they were, and they try to like cover their tracks,
talking about, well, the conservatives, of course, we knew they'd support anything but I'm a
liberal who supported the war. I don't want to mention no names of certain talk show hosts. Are you
sure? Yeah. People like that ought to be ashamed of themselves. What a hang is hidden shame.
I get the spy reports. I find out what's going on. Who the hell is he? Can't talk about trying to
cover all bases. Man, oh man, nobody's got an ass that big. He's trying to cover first, second,
third base and home plate with the same big fat ass. Although I do understand he gained a lot of
weight since he went out there and became a superstar. Now what we heard? Yeah. When saw.
10 56 at 5 60 W Q a M. Hey, I tell you, Brandy shoes have been doing a lot of things right
obviously. That's why they've been business for over 25 years. This year, 2003 marks their 25th
anniversary in the business selling shoes, putting great shoes on your feet in South Florida.
And many of one of the many great things they do is offer you the best selection anywhere. They got
all the top names in the shoe business. They got rock ports. Echoes, Mephisto, Tyrell and Parks,
SDS floor shum. You want it? They got it. And they got a big wanger's, a wanger's sizes for you.
But you have teeny t- huh? Don't you remember that song, Home on the Wanger? We-
some in sizes 6 to 15, women's sizes 5 to 12, from very narrow feet to very, very wide flat ones.
Fat people have big fat. Yeah, they should have told me before they do. And don't forget their
professional sales staff to make sure you get a perfect food every time. And with over 40,000
pair of shoes in stock and their big fat 8,000 square foot mega store, you can bet almost anybody's
life in the world that they got exactly what you're looking for in stock. And every week they have
a special sale for you to this DVEVM more money. Brandy shoes 12, 90, North Federal High,
wind, poppano, beach, open, daily, 99 every Sunday, 10 to 5. And right now they continue for the
second consecutive week, this special sale at Brandy's will find a select group of women's
style naturalizers on sale. Take 20 to 60% off the regular price. Just a stop and a Brandy's
or visit them on their website at Brandy's shoes. That's with a bunch of S's Brandy's shoes.com.
Ozzy Osborne's son, Jack, has been admitted to a Southern California Reheav Center. After admitting
he was hooked on alcohol and drugs, he had a microphone captured this family meeting.
And possibly Lacex, very chilly. Ozzy, he's a drunk and a butt smoker. Hey Dad, you drank a
smoke when you were a kid and look at you, you're fine. That's true Sherry, that's true. I love you,
Ozzy. But you're a brain dead blivering idiot. That's also true, Jack. That's true, Jack. I
always smoke pop because Kelly has a record deal. Jack listen, this is me, this is me. Anybody
that likes Kelly's singing must be on pot. There's no excuses, you james. Jack. Stop it, stop it, both of you. Jack, you stay
here and get the help you need. Sherry, we'll, we'll, we'll, why is there a dog turn, Jack's bed to
hospital? I mean, everywhere, go share in this dog turn. It's me who follow me. How many dogs
do we bloody have anyway? All these reasons like you, that lady was cigarette holder, Ruella Kruvil,
right. Sherry, Binda, one, two, he's apart. There's too many birds.
It's 11-01 at 560 W.3M. The man dog coming up a one-hank from Seminole Hollywood,
the bingo at three o'clock. Oh, order for his handsome lady to spin the wheel.
Here's the fact that says deer hunter and lifeguard. I don't want to read the comments on
there because that's a giveaway. Okay, we're trying not to give away the endings of too many of these movies.
And you say I never saw a lifeguard, deer hunter, I guess, or what? Lifeguard?
Sam, oh, yeah. Never saw it. How about peanut boys? You got anything to say about it?
Oh, yeah. Nishi's guard, no. Well, that's about it. So he has to say, our cool question is,
what movie had the best or most shocking ending of all time? What one movie? Some people I know
us are trying to like give us more than one only one. The customer, okay, keep it the light.
Six cents has got, and I guess we I should read the list, am I? Sure.
I've on instead of doing that, I'll just read the votes because the list is, you know,
lifeguard, deer hunter and frailty we just put on it. They might not be on here yet, but they
certainly will because Eric says we want to make sure to get all of George's choices on here.
205 votes. A six cents 44, usual suspects 28, 10 out of the eights 20.
Charge anchored, M15, last American virgin 11, no way out 10, American beauty 10,
Chinatown 9, Arlington Road 9, Fight Club 6. The hitters got five.
I'm proud of that. I'm ecstatic. Tied with citizen cane and primal fear. As a matter of fact,
all these suits will tell you that or at least many of them will tell you if it's not a raging
bull they'll say that citizen cane was the greatest movie of all time. I guarantee the hitter is
50,000 times better than citizen cane. Any of the movies on this list. Primal fear 5,
boy in his dog 4. Ah, you moved ahead of me. Sorry, Jacob's latter 4 carried 4,
happiness 3, happiness only 3, that's because nobody's seen it. Your racer head 2, vanishing,
the vanishing original list version 2, World Acorn to Garpa's God 2, Donnie Darko 2,
Pi has got one. Yeah, he puts a drill in his head at the end.
Well, I can't resist telling you that you're still enjoying watching a movie, but I mean,
you see it really doesn't make any difference. You see what I'm saying? No, I understand.
The movie is so bizarre that it doesn't make any difference. Like when he shaved all his hair off
because he's got this like growth above his ear on his head and you really don't know what it is.
And you never do find out what it is. And I guess in the end when he puts the drill through his head
and really make any difference. It's part of the world. Deliverance has got only one. Oh my god,
only one for deliverance. Although it was a dream, but even so. Huh? Right. It still brings back
some gruesome memories of the attempt. And you know what that reminds me of the Michael Douglas
movie we were talking about yesterday with a bathtub scene, fatal attraction, fatal attraction.
See, some of these movies they never die. There's so many movies like that. What the hell was the
movie that I've seen 50,000 times in the last two years? It's on every five minutes where the husband
killed the student, his student and drowned her put the body in the lake. Oh, Michelle Pfeiffer.
Right. And Harrison Ford. Right. With Harrison Ford. Oh man. Never saw. What is the name of that flick?
But I mean, how many times can you kill somebody and they just keep coming? They refuse to die. You know what I'm
saying? I mean, someone who's good to be a little like die already. Well, yeah, I'd like to get
home before midnight. Just die already and get the movie over. And they're trying to get away
and all of a sudden, I mean, they've shot them 14 times. They've knocked their brains out with a
goddamn sledgehammer. And somehow they still managed to climb on a back of the goddamn truck
or the car that they're trying to get away in. And one last time they reach out, you know,
although I actually the hit you're the ending was kind of like that too. I like that. But in a good way.
Yeah, but then go on forever. What was the name of that flick? That Michelle Pfeiffer in Harrison
Ford. That was pretty good. They were in promos. It was on like every five minutes on TV.
Deliverance only one. Pumpkin and McLean one. Pies got one. Witness with the prosecution. One
easy writer one. Angel Heart. Live in the DNA and the dear hundred life gargist are going up or
what lies beneath. That's it. Well, lies beneath. But I know we're not putting that on there. No.
Yeah. And another movie with the reincarnation of Peter Proud. I just the name of it just came
into my mind with Michael Sarasin. And what's your name? I forgot. Jennifer, Jennifer O'Neill's
in it. Sounds right. Who is also in the summer of 42. I believe that was Jennifer O'Neill.
Reincarnation of Peter Proud. Did you see that? I thought. And you don't agree with me. The
okay reincarnation of Proud Peter Proud. Here's a call from the sunrise. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. A couple things before I get to my movie. Carlos brought up about
a IFC and he thought that they cut movies. It's exactly the opposite. IFC is one of the few channels
that'll show NC 17 movies. Right. And they also show the last temptation of Christ, which you know,
also they're so anxious to be cutting edge and I see that they will actually insert dirty scenes
just to give you to watch it. Yeah. I have to just before again on what George said about
Chinatown, that's a great ending. I think it's getting votes. And but he just waved through
the deer hunter. The deer hunter, the ending of the movie, it's not a big deal. They're sitting
around singing God Bless America. If you remember the movie, the survivors, the feedback will be
it now. If he wants me to sing God Bless America and face the energy string up here, I'll do it.
Doing a bar sitting around singing God Bless America. I don't know what kind of shocking ending
that is. I have no going to argue with any of these people anymore. What are you talking about?
Well, I mean, that's the ending. So the movie I was going to suggest was I don't know if you
remember deals from about 1975. It was a good movie. It wasn't a great movie. It was called
the Day of the Locust with Donald Sutherland and Karen Black and Bruce. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
The ending, I mean, there's a shocking thing that's never I'm not going to get into too much detail,
but a child is brutally killed, which is something you usually don't see on screen.
Very shocking when you first see the movie. I mean, yeah, let's get that on there. You're not
usually seen. So in any event, that's all I had to say. Thanks. Take care. See you. Dressed to kill.
Another Michael came over. You say, Angie Dickinson died in the first like 20 minutes of the movie.
Right. I could never forget that out. You're anytime you see a movie where like famous actors or
actresses, you get the feeling that at least they're going to be alive to the middle of the movie.
Surprise. Look, could afford it out of that one. But I don't remember how that ended. I do. It was
just the typical see people are confusing just a good climatic ending with what we're asking,
which is shock surprise. See, and they got fatal attraction listed too, which I don't know.
I probably get some votes, but I still don't agree with that because it's it just refuses to end.
Same thing with Shawshank. Great movie. But if you didn't figure it out halfway through then,
good luck to you Friday the 13th. Hi, Brian L. Street.
Oh, that is Carlos. Just let me your comments to that, please.
I like I like you better on. Oh, that is Carlos.
Take. Look at this. The Bush administration is quietly altered regulations for the nation's
leading job training program to allow faith-based organizations to use sacred literature such as
Bibles and their federally funded programs. Civil liberties activists say the new race rules
blur the line between religion and government. The change made by the US Liberal Department
last month could allow faith-based groups to use religious books as historical text or as
inspirational stories for job seekers as long as organizations do not proselytize or conduct prayer
sessions. This can't stand it. And the public is sitting back. A little, little, little,
I thought I see I didn't watch any of that. So I thought he was flying a helicopter.
Yo, but it wasn't. It was a big ass jets. Boy, you talk about macho. Tell me in Louise this
a fax says. Okay. You see it? You don't like it? No, I like it. I guess some people didn't see that
coming. Sure. Oh, yeah. I'm not putting it on there. It's a two-league war. There's just no
idea. Because I was disagreeing with some of these people. Well, I mean, but you know, it's one
thing to disagree with to be so damn, you know, I'll try to find a middle ground. Here's one
of them. Again, here's two, three, no way out. Come customers. Then on there,
on there, shattered. Tom Beringer and Bob Hoskins. Is that the one where Tom Beringer plays
the Klansman guy? I don't know. Never saw it. Well, he's looking to book.
Did you see it being a boy? Oh, no.
Well, shattered. Can we sit down here? Because the first syllable I think is the past tenth of
Schmidt. Shattered. Here it is. Tom Beringer, Bob Hoskins, Greta Sackie, Satchie. Whatever
he'll her name. Ratchie. Joanne Wally Kilmer, not Joanne Wurley. Joanne Wally, Wally Kilmer.
People we never heard of. And theater, but he'll. How do you like that? Oh,
great theater, but he'll when I was average man, whatever it is. You think he's dead? He must be dead.
He was big and fat and Jewish based on Richard Neely's novel, The Plastic Nightmare. Peter
Sins first American feature is as a credible and gripping thriller using ambiguous clues and
a complex flashback structure to draw some of the dark heart of an amnesiac maze. Very
now this is nothing movie. I was thinking of it all. Beringer plays a wealthy architect whose life is
shattered when he and his wife plunge over a cliff in their car. Emerging from a coma, he has a
space where he's structured but his memory of its crad, the crashes that he raced. When he tries
to reassemble his life with the help of his wife who was thrown clear, some pieces of the Jews
are just won't fit. And it goes on. Huh? I have seen it. Knowing only what Beringer knows, we
share a sense of disorientation and vulnerability while Peter's insurefooted script and controlled
direction as two self-conscious homies for a good old-fashioned adult entertainment. That sounds
pretty good. Yeah. Sounds like a watchable movie. And the ending was good. It was good not
shocking a good suspenseful movie. Now what kind of an answer was that? Yes, the pull is what movie
had the best or most shocking ending. So I'm not putting it on there. One that we gave it on there
that we talked about yesterday was the game. Okay. I got in the other room, I haven't seen it yet.
I guess that'll be the one that'll be the one I want to swap with Michael Douglas.
Right. I'll watch it today after lunch. I just want you to eat that bigger one.
I'm just I don't know. He just leaves me limp, you know.
These may limp. I think I think one of his problems is he's like overexposed. If he catches my
drip, he's just been in the tube. No, I'm sure if I know any kind of a 14 movies a year, it's just
maybe a little bit too much. Just a little teeny tiny too much. I'll tell you who else I like,
but she also has made too many who was Sandra Bloc. Oh, yeah. I mean, I like her a lot.
She's the very best sweetheart. But too many. Just just cut it down to 10 a year, okay, honey.
1113 at 560 WQM. Mother's Day is only days away in the Folk City Vermont teddy bear have been busy
hand making some great new bears for mom. Your mom, wife and grandma, does there's something extra
special this year? Show them just how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear.
She'll receive a beautiful little bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card and
gourmet candy and a colorful gift box. They've got great bears for you this year like the spa
ma bear, the mom's biggest fan bear or the new queen for a day bear. And dads, please don't forget
it's your job to get mom a gift from the kids. And the mother and cup said is always a great idea.
Add as many cups you need with her names and bird around little outfits. It's a lot more creative
and thoughtful than flowers in the last of lifetime. So call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear
counselor will help you to enter a bear just for her social know you put some real thought in your
gift this year. You won't believe the ration you'll get every time ordering as quick and easy to.
Just one easy phone call 1-800-829 bear or if you'd like shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com.
This year thank mom for all she does for you with a Vermont teddy bear 1-800-829
V-E-A-R and be sure to tell them that old neoportanty call.
The men in set us for.
We're still looking for them. I should point out here. I'm proud of me at getting new tape.
In fact, we're going to hold I see it this morning in my national post which is a horrible newspaper.
We're going to hold I see it.
A lot of these uh oh yeah, Sodom may seek to foe man a civil war.
Beaton but dangerous stolen millions could finance a long campaign of terror it said.
It says Iraq is right for a new kind of war a month after the fall of Baghdad
said him is presenting his US and British concours with a familiar but still deadly threat
like Osama Yamama before him Sodom may be battered and beaten and deep in hiding but he reigns free
and is doing his best to stir up crap.
Yesterday in Australia newspaper produced what it claims is a two day old paper-created
message from Sodom that calls on Iraqi citizens to launch a secret war against US and British forces
now occupying Iraq. See if we had like live footage on air all the time.
At least you know here and there throughout the day we could see what's really going on.
But I I finally turned it off because I kept it on it for about 20 minutes CNN.
I was watching out of the corner of my eye.
I didn't see no live scenes from Baghdad.
There's a scene from Nazaria from Daeria from any of these places.
Move along. Let me see.
Okay. Nothing going on in a way out of that we need to know about it.
Anyway this one fact from Peter and the Beaches I'd like to part in Donnie Braske with
they were talking about the diamonds and she said they were and they said they were fake or
Fugazi now that's what Johnny Debson.
Don't know if I spelled it right. I think he spelled it close.
I was saying that for days and after I saw Fugazi fake.
Kind of like I guess I was talking Georgia that it's probably with that Fugazi pizza
theme from that we're always talking about.
I mean pizza lots got it and many other restaurants say I make it too.
Fugazi pizza which is not real pizza because it's stuffed with onions and right spicy
stuff. Here I thought it was just the kind of cheese.
No it is not. It's Fugazi.
Anyway here's a fact that says my choice is the others when the Cole Kidman good choice.
Is it? Yeah good movie.
Really? Yep.
And good ending.
Yeah surprise.
Yeah okay the others got it down.
For discussion it says seven with Brad Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey.
What's it?
Let's in the box.
The answer probably they ended it that way.
With all that melodrama.
But that wasn't the end of the movie.
No. I mean I was near the end.
In fact I don't even remember what the end of the movie was.
I do.
That was it.
That wasn't it.
Was that it?
Yeah but what's the most part?
The I mean it was part of it.
Well yeah I mean there's like another few minutes but that was right before.
Da na na!
Say even these guys don't understand the pole.
Oh look.
These guys.
Well good.
Nice knowing you.
That's not the end of the movie.
That's toward the end.
I mean if you're going to start doing that then we're going to have to go back to the
beginning and start all over again.
Because you were putting a guy with a hot dog thing with her uh the broad with the penis.
The ending scene of the movie.
It's all in the same scene.
You said there's a few more minutes in that scene.
That is the last scene.
Okay okay we'll put it on there for all the Brad Pitt fans out there okay.
Morgan Freeman is 50,000 times the actor the Brad Pitt will ever be.
But if somebody says seven oh yeah that's one with uh Brad Pitt in it.
Right.
And Kevin Spacey is a 10,000 time little she can't just tell what she is this week.
What's in the box?
It's his wife's hand.
I'm sorry.
You didn't say that did you?
Well I mean you know everybody has seen that movie.
Nobody's going to go out and buy that.
It's his wife's head's in the box.
I want to say I want to say Brad Pitt because I still have a soft spot in my heart
from those earlier movies he made when he looked really good.
Uh even though he still can't act.
Oh I haven't watched California it's sitting in the other room.
Maybe I'll watch that this week.
Okay.
This weekend boy's going to be heavy heavy heavy intensive viewing man.
I got to catch up because I got so damn many in there.
And they better be good.
Glenn Gurley.
Pay it forward.
Pay it forward.
Kevin Spacey hell on hum in the kid from six cents.
Pay it forward.
No.
Well whatever.
I'm not going to argue with these people.
Well if you don't argue with these people I will have a list of 60,000 uh the movies on here.
No I say no.
I haven't seen all of these.
Okay.
Peter Boy obviously didn't see it.
No Mark says the strangest ending that I've seen has been mentioned yet was in the movie
Magnolia.
Didn't say it.
You're afraid of the top crews.
What?
Top crews is in there.
What Tom Cruise I can take or leave.
I mean you know anything new that he would make I wouldn't go see but some of his older movies were okay.
Even some of the teeny Bob movies he made were okay.
What was the one he made with all the other punks in it with Ralph Machio and uh
C. Thomas Hall they outside of us.
Was that it?
Yes.
That was okay as moments wasn't immediately your extra resident they were all in it.
Everybody was in it.
Everybody looked the Matt Dylan was in a two right to be vomit.
Matt Dylan is trying so hard his whole career to be a cross between James Dean and Marlon Brando.
Anyway uh it says a millions of frogs start raining from the sky.
Doesn't get much more bizarre than that.
So I guess we don't need to see Magnolia.
I saw that part.
That was the end.
I don't know.
A must see movie that would probably enjoy even though it starts that it
this stars that in sanctuary is pedophile Woody Allen is the front from 76.
It's about McCarthyism and Hollywood blacklist in air in our history which thankfully could
never be repeated.
Oh wait never mind says Mark little sarcasm there.
Anyway Woody Allen plays a schmuck who poses a front for a blacklist in TV writer.
I saw that.
He took that was that was good.
It was.
There's nothing to do with our pool today but huh you didn't like that.
I did.
I'm sorry for that son of sarcastic I liked it.
It says definitely not a comedy though there are humorous moments and thankfully Woody did not
write or direct it.
I hate the bastard.
I have to many was the perfect choice for this role.
I don't really care if he was in sex wish or a pedophile.
That doesn't really bother me just the fact I can't stand looking at him.
He just oh he's a never but it was very it was a good movie but he is a never.
She's so nerdy.
I don't I'm not into nerds.
I just can't stand that whole genre of actors.
The nerdy never she wimpy you know.
We want to see wimpy we can check out some of the people at Q.A.M.
Oh yeah she's got a.
See can you imagine anything sent him or wimpy the net.
This fact is shocking.
Cats farm for skins in EU.
And my response to that is EU.
It is thought that tens of thousands possibly hundreds of thousands of cat and dog skins
are traded in Europe each year.
Dog skins.
Campaigners say that now is the time for national governments of the European
Commission to act.
Europe it seems is a magnet for cat and dog for cat blankets so the
officials not will say are good for your rheumatism.
Dog pelt's are often mislead misleadingly it's old as the fur of some exotic even mythical beast.
The main exporter of course is also the main exporter of SARS there's a little hint for you.
China.
Yeah.
God.
12 to 15 adult dogs needed to make a dog for code up to 24 cats needed for cat for code.
They're skinning pussy in China.
Since the US's banned the trade of cat and dog skins the European market has expanded.
A video seen by BBC correspondent Tim Frank shows one Belgian furrier displaying a blanket he says was made from cats
in Belgium.
What's more he says that stray cats and dogs are rounded up in skint.
This would seem to contradict the assertion from the officials who help run the EU at the European
Commission that there is no cat or dog farming inside you.
You know who's going to be really psychotic about this?
Peta.
Oh.
Can you even begin to imagine what those crazy bastards are going to be saying?
Good.
Maybe they can go to Europe and deal with them for a while.
No thanks.
And sure as hell don't let them up here.
Skinning cats and candidates.
Candidates plan to allow pop position causes US rear.
This is a new story on this.
This is still going on.
This is yesterday.
You want to say today old news.
Sorry.
You know what?
You know what?
That's that's the message.
Okay from Canada.
Too bad.
Don't tell us how to live.
That's the message.
We're not going to be as repressive.
We're not going to live in a stone age.
We're going to be in the stone age than the stone age.
That would be a good billboard campaign now.
Yeah.
Can see full paid newspaper ads for the criminalization of marijuana.
Would you rather live in the stone age or the stone age?
Of course we don't have to ask George.
We're already there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Something strange with this log today.
Boy something really.
Am I in the right page?
In the right day?
In the right to planet?
I'm not really too sure at this point.
But it's our sales department.
We want to welcome that.
What's his name?
Cliff.
Chris Clint.
Cliff.
Mark Peter.
Whatever.
The new the new sales guy that came from Boston for these sports sales.
You won't be around long.
Kelly, I hear you're a good guy.
You had 10 years working for like a real company in a real market.
Don't unpack your bags.
And certainly trust trust me what I tell you.
Because we've seen him come and go.
People are coming.
You're just screaming on a way.
I want you to do pal.
Don't buy a house.
Right.
That's the best advice we can give you.
Because you'll be real sorry.
I met him last night.
And?
I don't know.
It's really wasted.
So I don't remember yet.
Oh yeah, we need a lot of stories about the QA.
I'm ratings party last night.
All these people sitting around celebrating stuff that most of them had
absolutely nothing to do with.
Of course, I guess I just couldn't be there to share the glory in the moment.
You know, right?
The group love.
The group love for my good friend Mo.
Hey, listen, don't be knocking Mo that much.
He's letting us do that keychain, which is pretty damn pretty damn
magnanimous, especially coming from him.
Hey, if you're fat with the FAT or a PhAT no matter how you spell it,
big rules of oozing nasty fat.
You'd like to get looking decent and putting some real size clothing on.
If you're diabetic, we're getting close to it.
Here's the answer.
It's not stupid dangerous pills.
It's not some ass and eye diet that you could never follow in a million years.
It's balanced for life.
And the reason it's so simple is because they take all the figurine from the program.
They do it all for you.
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries.
Just great results.
The weight just melts off your body because it's all based on the
a zone diet, which like I always tell you,
is very complicated, but they take care of all the complicating part and figure it out.
And they deliver to your door and a black sack every day that's got three
gourmet meals and two delicious snacks.
And it's at your door by six o'clock at AM.
They give you a menu every week and you get to choose between two choices
for each meal every day that you're on the show.
And I want to mention again, all the food is fresh.
Delicious.
Nothing is pre-packaged.
Nothing is frozen. Nothing has got preservatives.
None of that crap.
It's all fresh.
Ready for you to pop it in a microwave and pop in your puts.
So if you want to lose the weight finally,
a long last, get on some real-size clothing
and look and feel a hell of a lot better.
Like balance of for life, do it for you.
Call them today at 9.5.4.
5.6.8.32.29.
9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29.
Or check them on that wicked worldwide web if you like it.
balanceforlife.com.
Anyway, yeah.
Jesus Christ.
I am now out with a day here.
Deprived and I'm ancient.
All over my own face are blue and red is purple.
Base.
I don't know why they hate me.
All I do is wait me.
It must be because I got this blue and red is purple.
Baseball.
On my arm like a ramic now he mappellacca wand.
I got things on my nose.
Nobody knows that under my clothes I wear plenty of holes.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my eyes are bad you ought to see my legs.
Am I as well people smoothing shade to show a little glazed
the next time I'm raping it.
I can vote to a surgeon but that gives me the shivers.
I would not want to walk out looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a little beast, the fat little freak.
I did him a favor now I can afford to eat.
The reason I dismissed that stink and fat bastard is because
he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conaster.
Hey somebody talk over there nobody talk when I rap.
I rap ten you talk.
Look at me I'm hitting it.
I ain't no square.
I'm a ding-dong daddy man I'm really dead.
I buy a ready one I want.
I don't care.
Let's believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair.
I get fired myself and even happens to the greets.
Westwood once said you get out of here as we break your legs.
So now I sit by the bull life since good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail placing bets on the gems.
Paradise.
Paradise I don't guess nobody's hands in paradise.
Who do you want to go door?
I'll be shipping up the screw gets when I get the chance
but the blingers aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
I'll be calling you a plate.
It was just a little thought so what I let this day.
I think that's funny why I'm not gonna sell it's funny.
I can do what I want but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something?
No, something you ought to know.
But along this time I wanted you to be my home.
You wipe my tight towel now, ass-bait.
Hell no.
Who do you want to go?
I'll take no for an answer.
Get out of here.
But it's time.
Not you.
Get me out of here.
I'll be in pinch.
Go go go go.
Tilt.
Go go go.
Tilt.
Go go go go.
Tilt.
Go go go go.
Tilt go go go.
Tilt go go go.
Oh yeah.
Nisha's Carlos.
Okay great.
5670560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon.
27.0 new to QAM.
Richman's wife somebody says and you say never sign.
Been or see it.
I think he'll be very good at that.
So what the hell is that?
Nothing.
I don't know.
I'm just not putting every day a movie that was ever made on here just because I mean there's no explanation
and there is no nothing.
You know, you miss a little more meat than that.
Now is this do you believe this is for real?
Because I didn't see the sixth sense.
Yeah.
And here's why.
Not only does it qualify and you know for the poll and the questions
but it was huge.
Everyone saw it.
Very popular.
Rave reviews.
Yeah to get it.
301 votes.
Six senses.
Way ahead.
63 votes.
Usual suspects.
40.
The best or most shocking ending of any movie ever.
Planned of the Apes 30.
Shawshank Redemption 23.
No way out.
It's got 14.
Chinatown 13 last American Virgin 12.
Fight Club 12.
American Beauty 12.
Arlington Road 11.
Happiness 7.
Aha.
Primal of Fear 7.
The hit year 7 boy and his dog 6.
Carey 5 says and came 5.
And small potatoes after that.
I will bet your life on it that if everybody in this audience
would have seen happiness,
it would have 2 million votes right now.
It would have 40 trillion votes right now if everybody's seen that movie.
But how many people saw it?
I never heard of it until this week either.
So again, the guy called yesterday I thanked him once
but I want to thank him again because that it's just so.
It's like no other movie you have ever seen.
Believe me when I tell you.
And then of course the ending scene and you have to have
two Allison comes personal to your door when you're watching.
I'll put it in the other side.
I'll put a towel down.
I'm telling you,
if you don't roar hysterically in the last scene,
then you're a bigger dunderhead than anybody ever thought you were.
Here's for Lauderdale, huh?
Two and a half years ago I got one for your poll.
Okay.
It's kind of a new movie just still playing.
Identity.
Have you seen that?
No.
It's awesome.
It's a real climatic movie comes to an end.
A real shocking end.
It's a great movie.
Who's in it?
John K. Sack.
And Ray, what's his name?
Is it Faith Lillida?
Ray Lillida.
Yeah, Ray Lillida.
It's a really good movie with awesome shocking ending.
Not so many people have put it on there because it's still out.
You know what I mean?
Well, that's okay.
Maybe they'll go on once.
Thanks a lot, pal.
All right, you're tea.
Identity.
Got it down.
Got it.
We got it down.
5'6 7'5 60,
pound 5'60 on a AT&T line.
Don't forget to join our good close personal friend,
Joe Costello, who used to be a really good guy,
till he got married.
Join Joe from Noon to Two today at the singular wireless store located at
6311 North Andrews Avenue and Cypress Creek.
Stop by.
We got some fairly decent stuff to give away.
Actually some free Marlon tickets, which, you know,
big deal to the night's game with a Giants.
And you can register to win Trip for Two.
The Major League All-Star game this summer and a Skybox
party for two at PV Park.
So we'll see how to Joe and ask him what's wrong with that show.
5'6 7'5 60,
here's a call from Jacksonville.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
I haven't called you in years, but living up here in Jacksonville.
I didn't get out of Bay County, but now I don't know if I'm better or worse
for it up here down here.
No comment about DuVal County, man.
The less said the better.
They never met a right wing to the right of
a killer. They don't, they embrace.
They, uh, it's amazing.
Well, I mean, when you look at a map and you realize it's just the part of,
uh, entry, it's just part of Jojo.
It is. It's South George is what it is.
Anyway, I've got a movie that I think you should go out and rent it or buy.
If you haven't seen it yet, it's one of the oldies, but it's got an
unbelievable ending, unbelievable ending.
I said that twice like Mike.
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
It's Joe with Peter Boyle and Susan Sarandon's David.
Un-
Daily,
Okay.
Have you seen it?
I never heard of it.
Did you like it, George?
Very good.
Uh, just the ending just blows you away and knocks you back off.
Daily,
It's old, old 70s style kind of thing like he's a rider kind of a flavor.
Right.
I liked it.
He has a bar scene which is like an archie bunker type of thing that's the
absolute funniest part of any movie.
You'll pee your pants three times just watching that one scene and
rewinding it and watching it over and over.
No, have you seen happiness?
I'm no, I'm going to get it though.
I think you've been talking about it.
Because I didn't see Joe so I can't compare.
But I mean, if the ending and happiness isn't the funniest ending you've
ever seen then I'd be really shocked.
Well, I'm going to see it, but Joe's not a funny ending.
I'll tell you it's not it's just an ironic like eerie ending.
It's not funny at all.
In fact, it would be the opposite.
It's sad, but it's it's awesome.
You've got to see it, Neil.
Okay.
It's our era.
I'm glad it's this afternoon.
I'm going to get it right now.
December of 42.
It's it's what we like.
Okay.
And come up to Jacksonville sometime.
No thanks.
They love you out here.
Have a great life, pal.
No, you too.
I'm here where I'm safe.
Thank you.
Let's all go with the Jax.
Let's not say we did.
We can go up there and see Steve Nichol.
Hey, yeah, I wonder if he's still up there.
I wonder if he's a
traded out the whole marketplace yet.
He kind of moves around just like most of those radio programming people
they move around from town to town.
Seeing who they can get down like gypsies.
Right.
Look at gypsies like the travelers.
Right.
Travelers.
Irish travelers.
Five six seven oh five sixty,
especially the ones from Texas.
Six senses got 69 votes.
I just thought I mentioned it.
You can look and verify.
I'm not making that up.
69.
See, he said it again.
Just on purpose.
Yeah, I said it.
69.
I'll say it again.
Usual suspects 41, 10 of the eights, 32,
Shawshane 23.
Nobody else has got 20 yet.
Happiness is got eight.
Happiness is eight.
You know, you really should get it today.
You shouldn't wait.
Okay.
I mean, how much going to come?
In fact, Peter Boy said that.
It just started.
Now that Peter Boy is making a big box,
he said, he'll go out.
Oh, yeah.
He's got it.
And he'll buy it for you.
You got to see it.
You must and you'll sit there and you'll watch and you'll think,
this is really, this is really strange.
It's, I can't describe it to you.
It's strange.
It's depressing.
It's hysterically funny.
It's the biggest bunch of sad, sad,
sad losers.
Believe me, a lot of the people
our audience would appreciate seeing this.
It'll make them feel a lot better about their lives.
And like I said about the other movie,
about the Requiem for a Dream.
The name of the movie definitely should be.
So you think you've got troubles?
Am I right?
I'm afraid.
That should be at least a sub-title for that movie.
Because no matter how screwed up your life is,
when you finish watching it,
you'll feel like you've got life, lick man.
You'll be looking at it.
You'll feel like you're on top of the world.
But don't lick that mirror.
Oh, man.
20 till known at 5.60 WDQA.
And you know, mom has always been there for us.
So this mother's day,
she deserves the softest gift for the hardest job.
This year, Pamper, her with a Vegemagram,
she'll receive the most luxurious pajamas,
along with three lavender bath tea,
a gift card, and a do not disturb sign.
All developed in a keepsake hat box.
The set of Pegemagram gift shop online
at pyjamagram.com or color tool free number,
1-800-GIF PJs,
and then hope you choose the perfect pair.
They've got brand she knows and loves like Nick and Nora,
Crabfian Evelyn and Naturi made from premium fabrics
like a Diffusion Cotton and Fine,
so concise as to fit any mom from teeny and tiny
to big and gigantic plus they have gowns,
robes, slippers, and great spa products as well.
Send to Pegemagrams, a creative way to thank her
and it's delivered right to her door.
She'll absolutely love it and it's a gift you know
that she's going to use and appreciate.
They're the sister company for Montenegro,
so you know you can trust their quality
and on-time delivery and they're good people to do business with.
This mother's day, send mom the softest gift
for the hardest job.
Just visit pyjamagram.com.
What is it? Pegemagram.com or column tool free
at 1-800-GIF PJs?
That's pyjamagram.com.
But do it today because time is running out.
My mind and local have here sports video 560
she will do it.
Ah f**king wait, Dan!
Mother's love,
thing I'm calling,
calling up my mom this mother's day.
Send with our girl,
with no word,
what's up,
oh,
her favorite place.
She'll back when that divorced her.
But she helped me pay my bills.
Remember mother's day,
mother's day.
We're getting on the way to playboy.
A surprise will go on her way.
It was free,
let me say,
let me say.
Call her now.
It was my score,
let a total of 100 years.
Take your mom,
you fell free out.
Call her now.
No photo,
press,
press me,
tell I was 15.
Leave it at 5.
I'm screwed up now.
It's 11.45.
This is kind of cute.
Lady walks into the drug store and asks the drug for some arsenic.
The drug is to ask,
ma'am, what do you want with arsenic?
Lady says to kill my husband.
I can't study any for that reason says the drug is.
Lady then reaches into her person, pulls out a photo of a man and woman
in a compromising position.
The man is her husband and the lady is the drugist's wife
and shows the picture to the drugist.
He looks at the photo and says,
oh, I didn't know he had a prescription.
It's kind of cute.
Here's the fact that says seven had two commercial endings.
Wow.
How about soyland green, IKA bokeh burgers?
Should we put soyland green on it?
Sure.
Well, somebody mentioned that before,
but only one per customer.
Soyland green, it's on it.
This fact says seven had two commercial endings.
The short version showed him trying to make up his mind
and the screen fades to gray and the shot is heard
through all credits.
The long version showed the shooting him being placed in a patrol car.
That's what I saw.
Oh, that's what I always see.
Yeah, I guess we put it on there.
And I guess it does serve to be on there.
Because it's all part of the, you know, he sees the,
what's in the box and then he finally goes up
and he's got to choose.
Is he going to shoot him?
Is he going to like, oh, and he shoots him, by the way.
Ha, he's faster.
And listen, you know, what's the point to talk about movie
and these if you can't support at least a gravel, aren't?
At least he did that.
That was good.
Everyone was hoping he would.
Oh, yeah.
Come on, Brad.
But you're a sweetheart.
Do it, do it.
A rap.
Yeah, he's thinking about it.
He's like, yeah, right on the edge.
He was okay.
And movie accepted at one scene.
What's in the box?
Why did they do that?
Why did they leave that in?
I mean, you know, you know, the amount of effort
that it takes to make a movie.
Yeah.
Well, why then the number of retakes
they do on so many of the scenes?
Why would they leave that in when it's so bad?
The director's fault.
What's in the book?
I mean, you know, and of course, he had no inkling.
That's the point.
He didn't have any idea what was in the box, did he?
No.
And then of course, one of the guys started
giving him like hints at that point.
And he got a little bit concerned, like maybe his wife's head
was in a box.
Oh, Jimmy said that.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yep.
Yes, sir.
Can you hear me?
I hear you loud and clear.
I tell you a movie I've seen many times.
And it's just unbelievable.
Right.
I turn on to just love that it's called Jacob Slatter.
Did you hear of it?
I think I saw that.
What's it about?
Unbelievable.
It went about a guy via a non-war
and it flashes back and the ending is just unbelievable.
You have to get it if you haven't seen it.
Damn, it sounds so familiar.
I haven't heard anything wrong.
Timothy Robbins is in it.
Oh, it's a Tennessee Robbins movie?
It's just phenomenal.
I mean, you just, you don't know whether it's going on now
or if it's flashbacks, it's unbelievable.
Okay, we got it done.
Yeah, try to get that Jacob Slatter.
Thanks.
Okay.
Lins, uh, what was it?
Lin, Adrian Lin, director.
Lin's chilling film bombed in the state.
Bombed in the states.
How'd like that?
Yeah, probably because of its origins in the merciless side
of the now-done to the Vietnam War.
But messy and maddening, though some of it is,
Jacob Slatter's truly a scary film,
which is never simply a war or a horror vehicle.
Jacob Singer Robbins is a man whose life totters
continually between past, present, and future.
Between reality and terrifying illusion brought on by his
experiences of Vietnam,
where his unit was dosed with a vicious derivative
of LSD to improve its killing power.
Where the problem arises that this scenario is the only
one alternative in the life of a man
verously shown as divorced, studying, and cohabiting,
married and prosperous with children or dead
on a Vietnam field hospital table.
But Lin's getting, unsilling direction,
conjures up moments of horrifying hallucinogenic power
from the bad trip hell of this protagonist.
That's how I think I've seen it.
Yeah?
You haven't seen it?
No.
Well, it's not an list for anybody who did.
We're asking today which movie had the best
of the most shocking ending?
We're moving intensive this week.
I have no idea why, but it's a good way to get away
from all this other depressing crap that's been going on.
Although, don't let me forget this one article
by Matthew Angle in the British paper in the Guardian
up to his usual stunts, because I think he's got his
thumb right on it.
In other words, the essence of it is I think we're screwed.
Also, I want to take a peek at our website today
and see our deck of cards.
This is great.
Where did this come from?
I don't even know what your website this came from,
being a boy.
The deck of cards.
I pronounce it.
Really?
It's some raw and I can't pronounce it.
Rotten to the core, I think it's that.
I think they were, don't take it personal,
but they might have been talking about you.
Oh, yeah.
You should guide us.
Yeah.
Rotten to the core.
Wanted for looting social security trust funds
taking the country to war under false pretence,
ripping up the safety net,
eviscerating democracies,
strangling civil rights,
assaulting the New Deal,
being a partisan hack,
peddling economic snake well,
perverting the fourth estate.
And then we've got our own deck of cards here,
which you can flip through on our website.
There's Dick Cheney.
He's the Ace of Clubs.
Carl Rove, Donald Russell.
George Bush.
You know, Ace of Spades, Cheney,
Bush is the Ace of Clubs.
Andy Card.
He's a card.
Eric Fleischer, John Ascroft.
Mitch Daniels.
Who, by the way, is resigning?
Because we got that surrender too.
Mitch Daniels, a little insider training,
the scantler.
Oh, but he wants to run for governor.
Right.
Lynn Cheney, Karen Hughes, Tom Delay,
Condoleza, Richard Pearl.
They're all in there.
It's great.
It's great thing to take a few.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line, 6.74,
usual suspects, 43, 10 of the 8s, 33,
Shawshank 24.
I've said it, 6 senses.
And I guess I'm going to have to get that too.
Maybe I'm the only person hasn't seen that.
Maybe is it something I would like?
It's okay.
It's Bruce Willis.
I forgot.
I forgot to take it.
Willis.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
Like I said,
Bruce Willis.
Yeah.
You tell me that it's like nine minutes to lunch.
Roy.
Oh my god.
You tell me Bruce Willis is in it?
Yeah.
And it's got 75 votes.
Yeah.
But then again, keep I'm trying to keep in mind the question.
I'm lecturing the audience.
Keep and keep your eye on it.
What movie had the best or most shocking ending?
That does mean it was the best movie of this bunch,
but it had the best ending.
In fact, I'm here in a rumor is that once 6 sense ended,
everybody are together simultaneously said,
Oh, thank god it's over.
They were delighted that it was over.
But you tell me the ending was great.
The movie was fine.
Somebody ruined it for me so I couldn't really enjoy it as much as
everyone is supposed to.
Well, we're not going to do that.
Not on that one because obviously too many people seen it.
We don't want to piss anybody off yet.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
How are you?
I heard the name of the movie that you were looking for before
from a self-fight for in Harrison Ford.
What life beneath?
I bet you that was the name of it.
What life beneath?
Yeah, it was where she was in the tub and grounding.
Right.
And yeah, and um,
I know it was pretty good but it became,
I think it was, you know, he escaped her about 45 times
in the last couple of months in the movie.
Yeah, and then the crazy lady came back and they went in a truck
and then the lady came back and saved her and stuff like that.
Yeah.
Um, another movie that I like is the others.
That's a really well-known movie.
It's on here.
Okay.
Thanks.
See you.
I'm actually that movie, uh,
being a boy is called, uh, what life beneath.
You think?
I think that might be it.
Well, I saw it like about 700 times.
It's one of those that when it comes on and it was on all the, uh,
whatever the channel, the movie channels,
when it comes on here and I happen to flip onto it,
I just watch it.
I don't know.
You know what I mean?
No.
I just leave it on.
That's that, and they just seem like 15 times too.
Yeah, no, no.
Certainly there are just some movies that are riveting enough
or they have some, I don't know, you watch it and it just
hits you in a certain way.
And so if you happen like, uh,
I'm not seeing you go out to a movie to watch it again and pay this hit,
but if it just happens to pop up, uh,
oh, listen when I come down.
Oh my god.
Don't forget, where's that list?
Oh, did I throw the list away?
What an idea.
Am I an idiot or what?
I guess I am.
I'm a moron.
Yes.
Well, I admit at least.
Don't forget the international, uh,
the, uh, independent film channel,
IFC next Wednesday 10 p.m.
is the first viewing and somebody had sent me that whole schedule.
I Schmidt candidate.
God, we can get it again.
If we can't get it again, you write.
I still feel bad.
You got to see it, folks.
Requiem for a dream.
Ellen Burston.
She is so great in there and the lovely Jared Lido.
And who else is in it?
Jennifer Carly.
And Jennifer Carly.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I apologize.
Jennifer Carly's in there.
I should be doing that right.
I was concerned a little bit more about Jared,
but you don't understand why.
Especially after you fact me that you emailed me
that big naked picture.
Huh?
He looks pretty good to me.
I'll tell you that now he's a good actor though.
He really does.
And he does look good.
I mean, is there something really wrong with that?
Like Jennifer Carly.
She's a great actor.
She's excellent.
And she also happens to look pretty damn good.
Damn good.
So is there something wrong with that?
I don't think so.
I mean, you know, there ought to be a lot.
Yeah, you should, you should only have.
You shouldn't have them.
And I've always said that.
Uh, let's see.
I thought I would do that.
Okay.
Don't get all sensitive against, sweetheart.
I'm just checking my email.
Don't get the, let's not turn the phone.
Oh, there's Jared.
And I just clicked it off.
Damn it.
I just saw that his forehead and his hair.
We're seeing her line, Jared.
Get him a chuck alphyrist phone number.
We're receiving her line and here at Lido.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello?
There you go.
Yes, sir.
Hey, uh, I'm not sure if anybody talked about this movie.
Called American History.
With Ed Norton.
It was brought up earlier today.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I'm not a producer.
Sorry.
We didn't put it on there, but I'm trying to think of the reason why.
Because it doesn't deserve to be.
Oh, yeah, being a boy says no way.
It was the very, very good movie.
It said the next song movie, but the ending is the ending.
The ending is a little, the ending is a little different.
You didn't expect the ending.
Yeah.
I think we'll put it on there because these two bozos,
these two beers, you know, American, what is it?
American History X?
Yeah, Ed Norton.
Stay to keep.
There we go.
Okay, it's on there.
I think.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Get it on there, be near boy.
Don't give us no lip.
Just get a hold of Eric and tell him.
Boy, yeah.
He's got us.
And then we'll see what happens from there.
American History X.
Is that a recent movie?
Six years maybe.
Oh, well, let's see.
The movie I watched Gaddaq last night with Ethan Nahawk.
That was six years in Uma Thurman and Ima Sumak.
Love him 56 at 560 WDQM.
Let me tell you, Mother's Day is only Friday.
It's here three days away.
See, a bit of gear with it.
If Mom's coming to visit, you certainly don't want to sleep
but on a lumpy worn out mattress.
Donald Mattris has got the perfect mattress for Mom.
If it's sagging, lumpy or just worn out,
then call our good buddies at Donald Mattris and 1-800-MATT-RES.
Donald Mattris has got the best mattresses made in the world.
They got Serta, Sili, King Kool Simmons.
They don't carry any crap.
No off brands.
You shouldn't have wanted Mom's sleeping on something
that you wouldn't so don't put it off one more minute.
Nothing has a bigger impact than the way you feel every day
than getting a great night's sleep.
Donald Mattris gets more repeatable for all customers
than anybody in the world because they treat you great.
Once you buy a mattress and Donald Mattris,
you realize what a piece of cake it is.
You'll never go back to schlepping around town wasting time,
gas and lots of money,
helping somebody pay for their big overhead in a showroom again.
And over here when you buy a mattress and Donald Mattris,
they'll set up the brand new and take away your nasty,
crappy, embarrassing old vetting for free.
That's correct.
Donald Mattris sets up the new and takes away the old for free.
So this mother's day have Mom's sleeping
like a baby on a brand new bed from Donald Mattris.
Gift certificates available all the nominations too.
So call right now, toll free 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-MATRIS for Donald Mattris,
this smart way to get you a great night's sleep.
My, my, and look all this is 4-20-560-MATRES.
You may have...
Mr. Kenney, I'd like to relax my having Mary Magdal
and massage my balls while listening to the new rotters 12-1-R.
Hey, hello.
This is Attorney General John Ashcroff.
In my hand, I'm holding the original copy
of the United States Constitution.
Now this coveted parchment is the foundation of your democracy.
Don't need one.
My fingers are stuck.
Good for you too.
The problem is 560 WM2M.
Up to the little stunts right Matthew Angle in the Guardian.
This was in Tuesday, so like two days ago, sorry about that.
He says you have to hand it to the guy.
He swooped onto the flight deck of the West's Abraham Lincoln last week.
The most spectacular entrance in the last Broadway production of Hello Dolly
and did he look in his bomber jacket quite fantastically butch.
As Lincoln himself said again his bird wrong me that time, no one
remember where the president said.
But they'll remember the scene and his smile and the cheering soldiery
in his bomber jacket and believe that George W. Bush had just defeated all those pesky,
iracky single-handedly.
Of course it's remotely possible that the American electorate will decide that there's some political stunts
so blatantly manipulative that they're actually intolerable, but we can probably rule that one out.
The use of troops as a political backdrop and clack is a fascinating one.
There are presumably among the $1.4 million dollars of millions of members of the US Armed Forces.
People who take the not wholly uncommon view that Bush is a dangerous dole and a usurper at that.
What happens if one of them decides he or she doesn't want to cheer their commander in chief that they face court martial?
Perhaps the problem never arose because when he have spent the last ten months on an aircraft carrier, any visitors welcome.
In this case Bush was telling the troops they had achieved their objective and could go home.
One day they may even find out what that objective was.
This was after all the world's first reverse war.
The outcome was predetermined. The reason for it will be sorted out later.
The contrast between the astonishing piece of political theater televised around a planet
and another event a couple of days later is so staggering it is pathetic to mention them in the same column.
You know, pathetic?
No, please.
Anti-climactic.
I looked it up.
Nonetheless, it should be reported that the nine Democratic politicians who announced they want to challenge the president next year
gathered at a college in South Carolina and debated with each other.
The debate was sponsored by the ABC TV network but it might as well have been the Yale Scull and Bones Club or the Mason's for all the publicity you've got.
It was held at 9 p.m. on Saturday.
Despite the ABC connection, only one minor local cable channel Washington showed it live.
A fifth of the network's 250 affiliates broadcasted eventually, mostly Stradley Midnight.
The political junkies channel C-SPAN showed reruns on Sunday.
The nine candidates can be divided into three equal groups.
There are three no-hope doves, the former Senator Carol Mosley-Bron, the Congressman Dennis Kusinnich, and the activist Reverevonel Sharpen.
There are three rather elderly hawks, Congressman Dick Hebhardt, who does have one idea, a health plan, Senator Joe Lieberman, so pro-war he makes bush-like-like Mahatma Gandhi, and Senator Bob Graham, who stick as they were all doomed by terrorism and bushes asleep on a job.
Then there were at least three who were making, if not waves, at least a few ripples.
Senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and John Edwards of North Carolina, and Howard Dean, the peacet-stake doctor and ex-governor of Vermont.
Dean is moved into the front row by waging a tariff and lucid campaign against the war, which is playing well with party activists.
However, he stepped over the edge before the debate by sounding too unenthusiastic not nearly about the war, but about American strength and general, even about the fall of Sodom.
So he's now under the fence of against Kerry. Dean was modestly impressive, actually, but someone I know who had lunch with him said it was like 90 minutes in the surgery, the man was humorless, and convinced he knew everything.
The trouble with the front row is Kerry Edwards is that they're just running on their CVs.
Kerry's full name sounds like John Kerry of the Vietnam veteran. He never lets anyone forget it for a second. He's covered all the best advisors.
So many that he no longer seems to know what he thinks. Edwards, less experienced, more personable, is a poor southern bawah who got rich, and will then needn't buy forget that either.
God, it was depressing. William Safair, the New York Times, no front of Democrats, yesterday called it a dead heat between Libra and Gibharth. The Washington Post gave it to Libra.
I thought that the only one of the nine who sounded lucid and compelling was Sharpton. Generally held to be a rogue. It's probably lucky, hardly anybody watched. The real winner by a mile was the stuntman in the bomber jacket.
There you go, boys and girls.
A little bedtime story to start out the new hour. Let's see, here's the fact says I just saw Donnie Brasco. It's a good film, but I found this review about the film that did not know if the real story behind this.
So it's a true story, yes.
I'm reading this story. It says the end of the film would have been more enjoyable if I hadn't known the real story.
Left these death in the movie was based on the real life end of sunny black.
Lefty guns, Regirio never talked. He upheld his twisted coat of honor. He won a friends offer to keep him out of prison. He served 10 years thanks to pistons testimony.
So I never thought he didn't get. Wow, that's really.
And we feel better Jacob's letter. It says great. Andy Gray will be its worth things as low on Palm Beach. Thanks, you know.
Here's one that says you ever done a segment on the subject of some of it.
And Bush one members at the same time in the car.
I'll go. Many, many times. Okay. Thank you. Then in cross brings we've had the car.
I'll group inside out outside down. We've had any of the articles we have just this last week.
On our website says your email address length.
They'll just today well. Ben are you we don't do email on the show and we've been begging for months and months.
Please please disable that link so that they know to go to our you know our regular stuff.
No, we don't do email. They just one of them things they won't do it because it's QA and you know.
We was a miracle. We got them to change one little thing on their website. Well, let's screw them.
5 6 7 0 5 and he's got more stuff here about the car.
Thank you. Then we're on to it. Here's one that says I can't believe that no one has mentioned Dr. Strangelover.
How I learned to stop worrying and love the bomb.
When slim pickings manages to connect the wires and ride a thermonuclear weapon down to a blinding finish from the bomb bay of his damage V 52.
Laughing turns to shock and then back to laughing.
As we'll meet again place off through the entire plan is enveloped in a nuclear Armageddon.
The laughing turns back into a vague feeling of tension as we realize we've just seen a plausible scenario for the end of the world.
Should we put that on her Dr. Strangelover? Sure.
What it was great. Peter Sellers was great.
Sure. Although kind of a strange guy.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm great. I was going to say Star Wars. You know, he's your father Luke and all that. Is that on there yet? No.
Oh, Star Wars for sure. Also, I kind of like to see Bush and the caucus together in their little army outfits. That would be cute. That would be cute.
And also it's national team pregnancy prevention week. So bang a bob in the butt. That's all I got.
Sure, that's all he's got. That's all he's got. He's thinking about it. He's dreaming about it. Something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
Okay, thanks. I got them both down. Thanks a lot.
I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it. I'm not sure if he's got something about it.
I discovered you about, oh, I don't know. It's been four years ago sitting on the beach and it just cracks my ass up when I'm sitting down there listening to you on the beach.
I discovered you about, oh, I don't know. It's been four years ago sitting on the beach and it just cracks my ass up when I'm sitting down there listening to you on the beach.
I discovered you about, oh, I don't know. It's been four years ago sitting on the beach and it just cracks my ass up when I'm sitting down there listening to you on the beach.
I discovered you about, oh, I don't know. It's been four years ago sitting on the beach and it just cracks my ass up when I'm sitting down there listening to you on the beach.
That story with Fox News trying to get my ass fired and then leaning on that cold condolence thing that didn't get one word of news in the Sun Central and the Harold in any publication in the weekly reader nothing and sub.
It wasn't important. It was a national story didn't get one word. But Mr. Ego goes on there for this meaningless board that he's involved in there, Steve Kane.
And we got front page stories. Of course he's right winging. I'm one of those old fashioned liberals. So I'm out.
You know, that was one of the reasons I caught because when I left here last year, you were playing in all the condolences and all that stuff. And I was just cracking up over it.
We left in December and came back mid April.
We'll hear that in a moment.
Yeah, well, that's I was wondering what the colon colon polyp junior dropped the hammer on you guys or something or what?
We got the hammer dropped. All right.
No, okay.
He dropped a handle right on his head. But anyway, I didn't see Mississippi burning, but perhaps you could do a rewrite and call it Calla Hasseburi instead of having a cow be the culprit.
We could have maybe like the state head drug king can drug infested daughter home from rehab on a weekend for a low.
She drops your hot crack bite and likes to hold down city empire.
And there you go. In fact, I think we're right in the stories you speak.
Oh, I got great job. You know what you make my blood oil was from this crap about the paper that I don't know this other stuff and just keep it up.
We got to get this company's ass on fire and get moving here.
I recognize for after the break. Listen carefully. You'll hear the latest version of condolences. Okay.
I'll be on there. Okay. I mean, I had a great day and hang on or hang up.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM. You know, talk is cheap. But it's easy to run a lot of appealing low numbers.
But when it comes right down to it, what percentage can you really get refinanced at?
Is it 5% is it 4% how about 2.45% with financial group with interest rates of 2.45%
It's really your best bet and it's rock solid. Call financial group now at 1-800-940 land.
That's financial group toll free and 1-800-940 LED interest rates are at all time low.
So why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing?
And that's 2.45% finance with financial group. Here's what it'll do to your monthly payments.
If you have a 200,000 dollar loan, you'll be paying just 786 bucks a month.
If you have 100,000 dollar loan, you pay only 3.93 bucks a month.
So get yourself 2.45% financing from the financial group. Call them today. They'll spainty out work. There's no obligation at all.
Call 1-800-940 land. That's financial group. It's toll free. 1-800-940 LED, the Renekville Housing Lender.
Creditor's curtains apply and rates are subject to change monthly. 5.34 APR.
My life and local. This is 4.20560.
You ain't way there.
I am not a Nazi.
What's better?
I'm not a Nazi.
Very good.
We'll make it tenor.
We'll make it tenor.
No tricks.
No tricks.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
I just want to take a peek.
The euro is a dollar is one dollar
$1.14.
The last time I was in Amsterdam was
like about even Stephen in last
summer it was 92 cents the euro
and that's worth a dollar
$1.14.
Just to give an idea the Dow was
down 75 points.
The Dow was down 15 points
under 1500 again.
Unemployment is through the roof.
But other than that everything is
looking great baby.
Everything is wonderful.
Everything is wonderful.
All your rich right ringers are
all your rich right ringers are
all your rich right ringers are
ah well.
The only rich right ringer is
finding some foreign
All right, yes.
We will have a meeting.
I think you already.
He didn't ask you a big boy.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
I said my husband's also from Toronto.
Really?
Yeah.
Excellent.
We have all the leaves.
I think you may have a leg up, so to speak.
We don't want to discriminate here because the audience will vote for this.
I'd like to see everyone with a leg up.
Yeah, when are these pictures coming?
Don't be a tease.
When are the pictures coming?
Wow, I can actually email you like some instantly.
If you'd like to see them now.
Yeah.
Like, when are you going to email us?
Contest at Neil Rogers.
Contest at Neil Rogers.
Any ILR or GERF?
I think I have it.
Okay, well look forward to seeing them.
Cool, so I'll look for us.
We're looking.
Thanks.
There you are.
And I just just calmed down, put it back in your pants, try to calm down.
Okay, in fact, you just started humping beaner boy.
You've been so excited.
Oh.
I mean, the boy just going to get jealous.
You know, you better watch it.
That was a cure for that mood.
You're right.
That was better than salt Peter.
5.670560.560 on it.
I see the other people who went into the conference.
And let me say it again, regardless of your hyperventilating or mine or anybody else's right.
This is the way it's supposed to work in a wheel.
It'll be up on a website starting a week from the day next Thursday the 15th.
And then you guys vote on who you think is the hottest couple.
And then they win the prize.
The audience decides we just get one vote each.
Well, that is true.
We get a vote.
But our vote is no more significant than the other 80 trillion people we have out there.
So they obviously would like to go to the Bahamas.
It sounds like to me.
I'm surprised we don't have like hundreds of entries to be honest with it.
Well, we got a lot of very shy people out there.
Oh, come on.
And we also have many other people out there.
But it sure hasn't stopped some of them.
So here's a Fort St. Lucy.
Hello.
Hello.
Fort St. Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I got two movies and I'm actually surprised.
You just named off all the list of movies that they weren't on there.
One is Body.
With Kathleen Turner.
Right.
Good movie.
I don't know what it was surprising about.
Yeah, that was a pretty surprise.
I mean, she basically took over the identity of her sister, which she had killed at the end.
Okay.
The other movie that I think is the best ending I've ever seen is somewhere in time
with Christopher Reeves and Jane Seymour.
Number her name.
I saw her a year later.
Remember it.
Somewhere in time actually has got such a cult following you as a group of people
that have a club and they meet once a year over it.
But really?
If you've ever seen an alley you want to tell you the ending, that's basically about Christopher Reeves
from Superman, of course.
One of his only roles that he got that wasn't like a comedy type situation.
And he basically went into this old lady at a playwright and she gives him this coin.
And then he finds out that she's dead and he ends up going back in time to find her.
It's a really strange situation on how he does it.
It's not like a time machine I've been.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to tell you that.
I'm not going to tell you that.
Grumpet running and they're playing Mr.
itty cso and he's getting wins.
lava yabba
You didn't think it was gonna be that easy, did you?
You know, for a second there?
Yeah. I kinda did.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
