effectiveness
Oh
I'll take care of things
Take care of illness
I'm a BTO player man
This Hillary from up in Seoul
Is the damnest thing I ever saw
Your run's with you little goofy dog
And you never have them in New York so change
You're my one in Illinois, Harry
We don't believe it, you're a Yankee fan
No sir, you're a self-reaching bad-democrat
Hillary from up in Seoul
H-O-L-A-O-Y
Hillary!
Hillary!
I'm infected
902 at 560 WQ, we've had a major development at QAM today
Some people didn't realize what a major thing it was
It just kind of like blurted it out
I don't want to say which one of the people that came into the studio this morning since there were so many
To bond with me before the show, blurted this out
When it down they blurted it right out of major scandal
Do you know that I have la preceded you know that?
Oh yeah, and AIDS
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And Chiribiri
And he had 52% she had 41%
And she's not even running
This is also on the heels of that
Asking and speech he made on Monday Night where she really just ripped ass and just torn into him and did a wonderful job
Because I'll tell you one thing about Hillary even though I'm not a fan of her, she's got balls
And if she's the one that could be, and that's what we're going to take the poll that we're going to do today
That's what inspired me to do it, to do do
But I think the most important part of the show today is
I'm in factism
Not
We do
We got some people out of the Stone Age at Q&A
And this comes to me, I mean I realized we had some morons there, you know, and some real bad people
But until this moment I always thought it was Barzini
Ha, ha, ha
Or was it Tategria? I don't know
I never really knew for sure
And I realized it's Miguel and George Corso R2
We'll get some more names today
We'll find out some more of the other idiots in that building
We're living in the Stone Age
Miguel, I've written him off
I don't care how good he looks
Although when I do come back to town, I'm announced very soon
The first thing I do in a building is stick my tongue down his throat
Gonna run up to him from behind
Of course, back to him
Yeah
Grab him by the back of the neck and just tilt his head back
And stick my tongue all the way down his throat
Which I've been implying
Huh?
I've been wanting to do that for a long time anyway
This gives me a good excuse
So I can share all of my diseases with Miguel
I'm in factism
I think he's been hearing too many of those Cuban Chupacabra stories for too many years
You know, this is true
The audience probably finds this almost unbelievable
That anybody that's stupid could really believe that just because I'm here in Toronto
That I have SARS and that I'm infectious
And I need to be quarantined
I'm not sick, okay?
And all we got some people there who obviously are mentally sick
There are five million people in this city
Five million life goes on
Even the, you know, in the paper this morning the WHT says it's their fault
They screwed the city
Because they said if they would have been on top of the SARS thing in the first place
They could have like stemmed the epidemic right from the beginning
If they would have warned healthcare officials about what was really all about
We never would have had any major problem here
Of course, China they lie so much, who the hell knows
That's where the real big problem is in China
In fact they had on the news last night that there are a lot of people in China who are infected
Who aren't going to doctors because they don't trust the government
So they're afraid they're not going to get the proper care
I don't know what they are doing probably running around infecting other people
I'm sure
Probably yelling in Chinese
I'm infectious!
Things like that
Things like that
You know something?
You could knock me over with a feather and that's, it would have to be I guess a big feather
Right, or feather
But I mean, I'm just amazed at how stupid that it's possible to be
Especially in a building there where there's always that corporate disease and everybody's coughing and gagging and choking
And I got some real bad news for him at the Gellin George Corps
So I have some real bad news
Remember when I came back a little bit early back in March?
Yeah
Well the problem already had started here back then
That's right
Yeah, and I was already there
And I breathed
You know, I think the show for it, right?
Well how long was that there?
A couple of weeks?
Right
I think it was there about three weeks, whatever
We were in the studio at the same time, I think that's what I have now
I think I need to be quieting
I think you got SARS, man
I want to quarantine myself for a month at home
I think you got scars on your back home
That's what I'm thinking
Anyway, we asked yesterday on Neorodgers.com
We got a lot of stuff, a lot of people to rip here today
I'm going to do it very enthusiastically, especially in McGell
I'm done with McGell, done, bye
Like Mickey Mouse said, bye
Because I'm...
I'm infectious!
You're an idiot McGell, you really are
I knew
I mean aren't there any of your people that they got a brain besides the two of you?
And of course in Vienerboy's case I often wonder
I'll get back to you
No, no seriously, I mean what is this story?
How is it possible?
This is really, it's the Chupa Cabra, it's the...
What's the thing with the Irish with the monster?
The Lochness Monster
You know what I mean?
Get a little bit of it
Because you're singling him out, you know
I'm singling who out?
McGell
And I mentioned in George Corley
So who's the right wing?
And that by the way is our chief engineer that just got through a screwing over a real good guy
Hulio who is our only real engineer who knew what he was doing
Who up to put my fine studio together up here?
Come to find out since we had this throng in here this morning
And we were all discussing it
It was brought up in a meeting
Large numbers of people in the building are concerned
Some people wanted Greg to do something about it
What?
You have to be joking
No
It was brought up in a meeting?
Yeah
That they have to alert the staff when I'm going to come back
And I have to be quarantined because I've been in Toronto for a couple of weeks
Or or or told to stay away, don't come back
Okay
Okay, fine with me
I mean I will be coming back because I obviously got personal business to take here up down here
But I'd I'll just take the time off during that period of time of course
No, no seriously, if I'm on fit for human habitation
Then I'll just take that time off
It's up to Greg
He can pay me for doing nothing or pay me for showing up and working
That has got to be the most stupid, the most ignorant, the most idiotic thing I've ever heard of in my life
And what is supposed to be the age of enlightenment when people have got some kind of a clue what's going on
QYM, man, you can't complain about RIQ because collectively there ain't any
What are these people thinking of?
Oh, it's SARS
You know something, I think we ought to what we ought to do
Just take a whole bunch of those, whoever those people were not meeting along with Miguel and Corso
Put them in first class and bring them all up here on a plane
Just tell me you're going on a flight to the Bahamas or somewhere and then they wind up here at Pearson International Airport in Toronto
And then just put them all in a big bus and just turn them loose downtown
Oh, you're you guys in Toronto by the way, oh no!
Can you see that?
I'll go
Yeah, I'm sure you would, I'm sure Binaura would do it
What's his name? Julio that just got canned, I'm sure he would have come back up here, he loved it
There's nothing going on here, there's no problem
Five million people in this city, do you know how many in the city have SARS?
Oh!
None, zero
There are some people in the hospital still have it and some of the ones that were really very very sick that they knew were going to die
Like two more died yesterday people, I'm bringing it to 23 but they were like definitely go from the thing in the first place
In a hospital, in the general community out of five million people, nobody, zero have got it
In fact, now that they got this these package deals to get people back to the shows and the theaters and the ball games and everything
Now that they got these package deals, they 4,000 calls a minute as of 9 o'clock yesterday after the WHO lifted the travel advisory
But just to show you that we got plenty of cheap Canadians just like cheap South Floridians
Two nights ago when it was a dollar or a holler for the Blue Jays game and they had 40,000 people in there claiming it was 48,000
But about 40,000
Two dollar or a ticket and a stand up for the city and show their support
Last night there must have been about 20 people in there
And I don't have that thing in there, how many?
About 30 men
Yeah, that's how many peas
Seriously, there are kind of a thousand people out there game last night
So it goes to show you
Anyway, what Florida tourist destination would you tell your out of state friends to avoid?
We ask you if they certainly dequeue a building when I come back
Because don't forget
I'm in fact
Right
Little Havana wins hands down
In fact, the top three I'll have share one thing in common and that is nobody speaks English there
Little Havana 332, date County 179 and the Sawgrass Mills Mall 137
That's the only thing I see in common here, no speak in English
Swap Shop 106
Joe Stone crab 97, I heard the mad dog going on yesterday about his dinner the night before it shows
And about it's better than sex in its yadda this and what is he talking about?
Does he get freebies there or something?
He must be on the list
We must be on that list, maybe the Humper put him on the list
And they're the Humper's big on Joe Stone crab
A state of mind boys and girls don't go there
Marlins game 84, don't go there, Rascal House 60
Hoi
Unless you want to steal some silverware
Disney World 57, Key West 43, Bayside 39, the MyKai 35, Sequoia M32
The Jungle Queen 20, stay away from that queen
Lion country safari 20, the Monkey Jungle 18, Metro Zoo 12, Poppano Pier 9, Theatre of the C8, Caracora Castle 7, Bush Garden 6, and Veskaya had just appeared
Isn't Veskaya a museum?
Yeah, it's a big mansion, big garden
Right, but it's like open to the public, it's a museum
I don't know what you would do there, and Tics, you see the old stuff like any other museum
And they have a lot of weddings
You can see a lot of old crap, but you can do that in sunrise outside for free
Sunrise lights, you can see 30 oldies for free
Or like in carriage hills where mommy lives
Well, in any way, we got quite a quiet day coming up for you today
Trust me when I tell you
And this is all comes out of nowhere, too
This whole sickness business
This whole QAM sickness business
George Corso, our chief engineer, now you'll notice, of course he's just Bob Vermuth Jr. That's all he is
He's just a younger, smaller version of Bob Vermuth
That's all
Because Vermuth wanted to hire a flunky who'd be just as the endertholus he was and just as inept as he is
And he did, and that's what we got, is our chief engineer
Corso, did he come here and have anything to do with putting this place together?
No
No, did he go to Amsterdam, have anything to do with that mess?
No
Because he probably would have got to Zee's in Amsterdam
You know all the stuff that's going on over there
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you degenerate right there
There's all kinds of like things crawling around over there
Oh, god, it's unbelievable
So it's a damn good thing that he stayed where he was
Stay where you are, Corso, you're a lunatic man, you're an idiot
And Miguel, I'm gonna do hours on Miguel today, you know?
I really am, I'm gonna do Miguel for hours
No, haven't I always stood up for him? Have I gone to bat for him when they brought in Doreen and they screwed him over?
And they didn't give him any more money and they promised him a new title
And they just gave him a title with no more money
Did I have always stood up for that child?
Mm-hmm
Probably most because he looks good
But you know something people that look at they have this expectation
Is feeling of entitlement like he's entitled to like special consideration?
I mean I'm not gonna stick my tongue down Doreen's throat when I come back
I think what I should do is come back like on a day that they're not expecting it
I'm sure they're all looking at the calendar
Mm-hmm
Just...
If there's a butt-ass smell it
Mm-hmm
Welcome back to the Odin
Hey, they take Neal over there
We're here, we're here
What are you more eyes?
Walking down the hallway
Yes, that's him
I need you
Look, I'm waiting at him
But he acts like you don't see me
He needs you, Neal
It's me!
How you doing Neal?
How are you sitting there, Mo?
Go out there and talk to him
What are you nuts?
I approach Noan!
I got nothing to say to him anyway
What I hells you think he is that Wang Nong swish?
I got better things I do
I can adjust to my TV I hear
Oh, age is so cool
Here Mo, I got some hero make it feel better
Yeah, sure you do
How really? Here, step into my time machine
Time machine? When did you get that?
I got an idea, thanks
Okay, quite a good stand over here
Yeah, that's good
Okay, I'll do what you see
Wait, by the lights up!
Where are you sending me?
Ah!
Wow, I must be in the 1930s or something
For a time war
Like Owen Boca-Brice
Hey, watch where you're going
I say here
When he talks to me like that
You know who I am!
I'm Mo, how in David's
You can't be Mo, how in...
I know how
There's only one Mo, how in it
And that's me, pal
Why I made my bones when you were going to do the 90s
Now, alright, guy, hey
How many fingers I got up?
Two
Take that class out, look
Two
I'm Mo, how in it, tell me
So, you're Mo, how in it, huh?
That's right
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, amazing, bro
You guys are crazy
Shut up, you moron
Let's see here, lay brain mate
Who you calling lay brain?
Why all have you know I'm a well-wel,
You're spending force-guester from a prepower tonight?
Oh, is that so?
Yeah, that's right
Well, for your information, I'm a parkologist
Says you
Oh come here, I'll show you
Hey!
Where is it, get here, get here
Ah, man, I'll be friends with him back in the alley
Hey, a mod, have a good restaurant, bro
Alright, get his panda
Are you sure I'm out there?
I said get his panda out
What are you going to give me a hard time to?
That's right
Why are you, why are you, the poop?
Why are you, I oughta...
Why are you, why are the...
Why are you, why are you, why are you, why are you...
I'm in Texas
I'm in 18
I'll tell you one thing
Our guaranteed is a lot more disease than that must-read
That's calling around on Mo's head
Than I've ever had my life
guaranteed
No contest
Today is May 1st, you know what that means, don't you?
What's that?
The official start of our Hot Couples contest
That's right
And people can log onto our website, neo-rodgers.com
Notches, vote on our poll, which I'll give you momentarily
And email us a picture of themselves
With our significant other, it can be a man and a woman
It can be two guys, two women or like, that's it
No children, no pets
No, we don't want to get Rick Santorum all whipped up into a frenzy, okay?
Two weeks time to enter the pictures
Thursday May 15th pictures will be up on the Web and voters can vote for their favorite
Then they'll be up there for a whole week starting May 15
And on Thursday May 22nd the couple gets the most votes from the audience wins
We'll be doing this once each month for three months
Remember how long it took Miguel to finally get this thing put together?
That was my last consorting with Miguel
That was my last involvement with him
Washed my hands done
Done, you notice how this is the week?
I guess all of us in our lives we reach a point
Where we finally say to ourselves, I'm getting rid of my extra baggage in my life at this point
You know what I'm saying?
No, what are you saying?
I'm saying this is the week that is not what is but is, it's still in progress
And so this week I just wash my hands, which is a good idea here especially
Oh my god!
I wash my hands, I'm scrubbing them clean, hot soapy water
Of certain people who just have been an impediment to my enjoyment of life
People who have been pests, people who have been annoying
People who have been clingsons
People who have been expensive, you know what I'm talking about?
The expensive like certain ones who just left here
And the Miguel is the next one
Anyway, the grand prize for our Hot Couples contest
Three Day, two nights day for two at the Royal Oasis
Resort in Casino and in Bahamas with round trip airfare on Lake Err
And the runner up gets dinner for two at the pizza lot
So set us your pictures when I was looking for naked pictures
I mean it's you know it's not that kind of, hello, although
Let's see here's Bill sends us our first facts of the morning before I get back to attacking some of the morons in that building
I'm just, I'm flabbergasted
Well Neil, before you get to flabbergasted I had a question for you
Yes
The Hot Couples contest we were supposed to put the pictures up on May 15th and have them both through May 22nd
Yes
But we could just, we can put them up today already
But what do you mean I'm flabberg, before I get to flabbergasted?
Well I don't know, you just said you're going to get flabbergasted
No I said I am flabbergasted, no I'm going to get flabbergasted
Well while you're flabbergasted
You don't get flabbergasted like saying I'm going to get angry in a few minutes
Yeah, I mean maybe you do that
You know like it's staged
Oh I played everything out
Do you?
Yeah
Well when you're under the overpass I guess you have a lot of time to plan things
Like when you're going to pick the next flea off your scalp
But anyway what is it you want to put them up there now?
Hey that's fine with me that'll give you like three whole weeks do you want to have to still the same deadline?
Well that's the thing that's I feel bad unless if people were going to wait until May 15th or May 14th
So you're missing the point see you see what he's doing George?
No I'm playing bush boss now see he's interfering because we only have we have seven or eight pictures already right right right
But those are just people that wanted to get a jump on you know give us a head start
The thing doesn't officially start till today
Oh that's what you're saying
It's not fair to put up those seven or eight and give them a head start and then and not only that but once people vote the first time they can't change their vote
I agree
So maybe in a week all of a sudden there's this hot young couple on their stark naked or something or maybe in a very provocative position
Or maybe one or both of them really looks sensational and people say oh I wish I could take back my vote from Joe and Jane or whatever was and they can't do it
Oh you don't have to let them vote yet
No you're right I thought you wanted me to put the pictures up today
I was gonna tell you that I don't I didn't think we should okay we're on the same page
Do you have any idea what he just said?
I thought you wanted to put the picture up today
No I'm not talking to you I'm talking to George I'm not talking to you
Yeah I understand no
No
He's the one who created the problem and now it's like oh I thought you wanted me to do that
Didn't I didn't I do the promo just as it's written here?
Yeah
By my former close personal friend the lovely Miguel
I think the point that he was trying to do that
And you know something here I looked that good anyway
He couldn't like time well in Zanz
I think the Carlos was trying to do it
Even if it was flaming
We can put the pictures up and not let them vote just so that people can see what kind of pictures we're getting as they come in
That's okay but you just got through saying you don't want to do that
He miscommunicated his intention I think
I don't want to do that
Are you good?
Do you want to do it?
No
Don't do it
Thank you
Let's do it just the way it says on here you see you're now your troublemaker
I think Eric was right about you
You're just a professional little troublemaker that's what you are
So like I said before I'll see the rimmers and certain other people and like Miguel
Of course he was already off my list that's what about him
How long ago did I tell you about him?
I don't know about 30 years ago
Yeah way back in the beginning when we first started and I tell you about him
You can't write Miguel off we need him for this hot couple contest
What do we need him for?
We'll do it with the ring
The rings are kind of promotion person you do it with the ring
No I don't mean that
No I'll do that with Miguel but I don't want to like work with him
I'll do that
Any day
And then he will fear me
But at any rate no seriously she could do something unless she was real good at getting that food in there
Remember the one that came across real good at getting the food and of course she eats about two thirds of it
But that's beside the point
She's got to keep up her back home guys
And what were you saying?
We need Miguel he's the one that came across with the prizes he's the one that went and did all the way
You need Miguel
You need him he's not going to talk to me anyway when I come back he's not going to come in and talk to you
He'll just wear a mask
Yeah
He ought to wear a mask
Gotta wear a goddamn Zorro mask you idiot
You superstitious spick
God almighty do I despise that little piece of crap
The reason we don't have a best of the meal by the way this year is because Georgian Miguel are both lazy
Yeah
Right that's right
And they don't want to be a burden with it plus they don't trust Eric and of course I can understand that
See that was what really started turning us off
Remember I said we're going to go ahead and do it the best with all the respect
Yes
The work that I do on it would have taken two or three hours and I do it every year
Yeah top so it's so laziness was not my excuse the logistical problems that would we would have encountered beyond that
Or a dissuasive to me how how shall we put that?
Yeah
So whose fault wasn't?
You were just talking
Are you going to blame Eric for it? You're going to get Miguel off the pet
No it was Eric's not a Cuban scene that's the deal
Oh yeah
That's right
That's right
I'm sure it's a cadre
All you speak stick together
It's a secret to tell you
I hear people if he was reacon you wouldn't be sticking up for him
You'd be attacking his ass
Maybe you would
No I'm not into that
Anyway can I get back to this fact started reading this and then
Beener Boy and a rough didn't got to kill a whole few minutes which is good because we got no spots on the log today
Which we're still trying to get to the bottom of that probably because
I'm infected
Yeah that must be it
Maybe everybody's got put the word out there and let's just avoid that midday show because
I'm infected
Right even though we got the top numbers on the station by far by a mile
We don't want our fine sponsors to be on a station on a show that's got a lot of listeners
We want them to be on somebody that's clean you know that's antiseptic
Like Mo
Yeah
Yeah right
See I'm almost tempted to tell a story about when we were still working for Paxing at IOD
And it became obvious that we were going to go over to QAM
Or at least it was in the discussion stage
And a certain fat afternoon sports host on a station I don't want to mention his name
But was running around shouting the shooting off a month around a building about I'm going to bring in a can of
Lysol I'm not going to sit on the same toilet seat as that Faggot
Of course that was back when a Humber was a temperamental grouchy guy remember in the beginning he was like out of control
And I reformed him
So you know I don't want to like tap myself on the back too much
But I'll take credit for helping Julio lose 25 pounds by embarrassment
And secondly
Embracing Hank to become much more humane and much more mellow and the
Speaking of that
You asked us we were discussing yesterday if we knew anybody who was really really fat and lost a lot of weight
Bokeh Brian was offended that we didn't remember him
I didn't realize that he had lost a hundred and never that big
He lost 127 pounds and I didn't know I thought he lost like maybe 50
127 lost
127 pounds I got to get it since we've known him since we've known him give out of here that's I was
Get out of here. He'd need this size of mosquito. Oh, by the way Westow virus
That's another one I'm bringing back for you McGill in course
So I'm bringing back some Westow virus some SARS some HIV of course some SPCA some
Barry Barry hepatitis C hepatitis A that's the Canadian one hepatitis A
Anyway, Bill says talk about a mugwump this morning at about 610
Moe was attempting to respond upon yet another sporty has no clue about this time was horse racing
While discussion the upcoming Kentucky Derby he referred to the inside most post position at the gate as the pull position
It was up to squeaky boy to correct him explain the term pull position was for car racing
And that with horses. It's called the post position he immediately said that's what I meant to say sure Moe sure you assholes his bill
So it has to bill said moe and let me say it again that piece he wears to work every day
Whichever one happens to be I guarantee is much more moldy and much more dangerous and unhealthy a whatever the hell I've ever had
I'm just I really am I'm just almost speechless from this crap that I'm hearing from a riot huh?
I really am it's just so stupid how can anybody be that stupid?
Have you ever heard anything? I'm amazed that they let me in in the first place
Because of the obvious you know right he's got to have a aids you know I must have something must and I certainly must have things crawling around in my back
Maybe a durable farm or something no I'm surprised McGillian on the full of the SPCA right now turning me into the Richard gear
Crime prevention unit they'll be waiting at the airport or somebody's unit
McGill it's really ashamed that somebody looks as good as you as such in the innerthal little moron
God are you dumb is he dumb?
Yes, of course so like I said that that goes with the territory that's no surprise
I think he's keen to the beastlies anyway I think he was the one who was planned to ban you in the tree in that movie I think that was George Corso
Hey George I'm gonna breathe on your equipment how do you like that?
I'm using this microphone yeah no one here I'll stick no one here dying over there huh?
929 and 560 WQM the chip of copper is gonna get you baby the two-pacabra
Hey I'll tell you a place where you'll be real happy and you'll be safe and that's brand issues in pop it over each
Who this year are celebrating 25 amazing years of doing good things on your feet and for your feet and with your feet
They got the top brands in the world they got sales people who give you a perfect fit every time they got them all
They got rock ports echo mafisto Timberland Clarks S.A.S. floor sham and lots more
And no matter what your feet are like whether they're like tiny sizes or wide or narrow they got them all two
Men's size of 6 to 15 women's 5 to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very very wide like I said the other day like a big plant
It was like a duck you ever see anybody with web feet?
Yes, actually don't want to talk about it anyway, and they got people there at Brandy's who we know how to fit you right to make sure you get a perfect fit every time
Well, there were 40,000 parents stock and they're 8,000 square foot megastore
I'll bet Miguel's life on it and throw in George Corso's life as well that they have exactly what you want in stock in your size
Brandy's shoes a great place to treat your feet
They're a 12, 19 or a federal highway in Pompa to Beach open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and right now is as always a great time to shop Brandy's because it's a
Electrical women's style naturalizers are on special sale right now this week take 20 to 60% off
So stop by the store visit Brandy's on the web if you like at Brandy's shoes that's with two S3 S's got it you counting them?
Brandy's shoes dot com
Station stands for nothing
First your brain wash the public to love bush like a guy then you high jack of U.S. for all your worker buddies who get anything you want you conquer them and tell them give democracy a chance
Then you feel a genius blender or oil water and natural gas oh why wonder wonder
Why we drop the ball along
What you get babies they didn't suffer long we sure showed them a finger to my country right or wrong
Oh, I wonder wonder wonder
Do do why we drop the bomb
I wonder why we got the bomb
Oh my god
934 560 WQM happy Thursday to its raining cats and dogs here. It's cloudy and murky and gray and I understand the same for down there
Like wise yes so anything yes some a girl called all pissed off you will screw him okay correct something what's that he's not afraid of the Chupacabra but he is terrified of the Chupapinga
I'm sure that chew on this sweetheart
He didn't call you no I made that up
Oh, he's he's not going to show his face in here because now they realize is that I reminded him that I actually was in there back in March and early April for about two and a half weeks
Now he's definitely going to stay clear that's both of those rooms. No he did call actually and said what inside you know something between the two you this morning I'm glad we got the audience's a bunch of witnesses out there between you and
Venerable your disciple I can't I can't get a straight answer on you
He's making a whole simmiss about doing something that I didn't say we're going to do in the first place
I thought that's what you wanted to do after I just got through reading exactly the way we planned on doing it
And he's making a problem that doesn't exist that it kills him good time and now what do you kill him's good time with Miguel and oh he thinks it's hysterical of course he loves you rip them all you want
He doesn't love you he doesn't know what is this from a distance you know when I left the last time he wouldn't even kiss me on the lips how do you like that he loves me
Of course that he realized I guess he must have realized that I've been here well he loves you as a friend not in that way
He has been in my house right and he did know both of my dogs resting peace all right you know something now that I think about it and maybe it wasn't him but I'm pretty sure it was him
Back when he was at my house that time what the hell was he bringing me he brought me something well I can't see it on the ear okay
No, but he did bring me something and then at that time I golden retriever had the the stuff in his ears because he always had the ear infections
They packed it with that awful grace nothing up. Yeah, and so he smelled you know, I mean my dogs never smelled right I know that
But at that time he smelled from that stuff and I remember him I guess he doesn't like dogs is he the one I don't know yeah
Yeah, I know my dogs love everybody sure I think I need to get some dogs I really do you know since I hate to say this on a ear
Because I try not to like unload my personal baggage and it's not it's not like that I've even shed a tear although I was a little emotional for a half a second
Did I talk about seeing the mint pin that I mentioned that or I just tell you that off here no you did not either or really really now this was like I believe last Friday
And I was walking around downtown. There was a guy walking his dog and it was a female she was pregnant and so obviously a chubby
Right looked like poker Brian before the diet and but the face was the same as tiny and you don't see a lot of mint pins you know
They're not coming really really and I saw that face and it's a good thing it wasn't a male because it would have been a male it would have been identical and at the
Point of bitch I would like shed like a little tiny here. Yeah, like that and then I'm gone about my business right but since tiny died now the other one because I knew he was you know
Golden retrievers lived 13 14 years and he lived to 13 and you know was sad but but little dogs sometimes left it like 18 or 20 right and tiny was only 14
And I just have the feeling that there's something when he died it was like a certain degree of finality you know right like now I'm ready I'm ready to go to the balcony out here
It's right in front of me I can go to the balcony and you don't do it you're too young. I watched that last night your psychic powers must be I watched the first half of network again last I didn't see the
Rest of it. Yeah, but I just needed to see the first half is so great and William Holden was so sensational in addition to which I'll tell you when we did
Those surveys on best performances how could anybody could not have done I guess she did maybe fade down away for network. She only got it like five or six votes. Man she was unbelievable in that there are a couple of scenes where she goes through this long his stair where she's in there with the Robert Duval
Right, she's talking me to put up the Howard Beal back on a year. Mm-hmm. That that scene is worth a billion dollars. I mean her performance there just if that was the only thing she did in the movie. Right. She's great.
She was phenomenal in there. She's she's great. Anyway, finally somebody faxes me better late than never, but even so they still can't get her. You know, I feel bad. I feel really bad for the people of South Florida because there are you know, they've got some assholes.
But there are a lot of nice people in South Florida who deserve better, but unfortunately got the crampy politicians. You got the corrupt assholes that want to keep it a banana republic the way it's been for a long time for about how many years.
Yeah, I would say mostly about 23 I would say since Maryl since the courageous freedom float. Right. Another example of a horrendous nightmare being portrayed as something super wonderful. The way of the flag about right. The courageous freedom float.
And that preceded just since I talked yesterday about the story jury Williams last day on the York on WNWS. The reason that was going on in that hood at the time was because it was just months after the Maryl Boliv and at that time date County, especially South.
They were turning into a toilet. They were like all kinds of orders and bodies and cars on the Dixie highway and the convenience store. That was across from where we used to be. There are a lot of them in the Dixie. That was getting knocked off like an average of once every 10 days.
So that's part of the courageous freedom float. That certain elements of media didn't want to talk about too much, including a herald of course because they had the busy pandering even back then to certain elements in the community who still hate them like poison by the way.
Hate to break the news to you at the herald they all hate you. So when the sun sent and we'll speak to Southland newspapers, they finally better late than ever get around to the somebody faxes me from the obituary page today. And there's nothing in here about your weight. It was ever being in South Florida.
And I'm reading I don't want to brood me with the whole thing. It said he died at mass general after long illness. W. R. Hill in Boston. He worked in filling New York Chicago. He was a pioneer. He did this.
He started his radio career in Bristol Tennessee in 46 came to Boston work for W. M. E. X. A. M. which is when I heard him. He was all over the place.
Move to W. M. C. in New York W. W. D. V. The wonderful world of Valley banks in Philly where it became the first FM talk show host.
He was inducted into the radio hall of fame in 1996 carried out frequent radio crusades.
It came up especially hard. Critics of former governor Michael do caucus of Massachusetts. And he'd been in semi retirement.
Well, actually was pushed into semi retirement by Walter Sable. We don't re rehash that. Do we? Yeah. Let's sure. Walter Sable was another asshole screwed over Jerry big time because he was the consultant for our kale.
Jimmy Carter. That's with the J. I. M. I. Jimmy. Jimmy. Why you do this to me? Jimmy Carter W. R. O. L. A. M. in Boston.
W. R. Mr. Williams had done guest spots. Recall the piece of advice Mr. Williams had given. He said if you can't be good be loud.
And he was good. And he was loud. Jerry Williams. He had a very stentorian voice, but not, but not condescending like certain other people we know with centaurian voices.
No, I'm infectious. You know, not like that. He had a great voice. Jerry Williams is one of the greatest. So there's nothing to hear about him ever working at W. M. W. S. for a year in Miami.
And this is in the Sun Sentinel. And it's written by the Pasha Ray, whoever that is B. I. P. A. S. H. A. The Pasha Ray from the Associated Press.
Nice going Tom. Jika once again, little Tom. He drops the ball. I would be surprised if just like Mickey, his ball starts turning black. You know, his basketball. Now wouldn't surprise me because that's what happens.
And that's the way the Lord works when you continue screwing up over and over and over again. I'm infectious. A little Tommy man. He just ain't cut that 941 and 5. See, am I rambling here in a good way? Good. And I listen, I'm just going on. I'm moving forward.
Because like I said, this is the week in my life that I make a lot of changes, some of which are already been made.
And this business, now how can he rationalize? See, he's in denial. The fact that he calls you and he still loves me and blah, blah, blah.
What does that mean? He loves me, but he's concerning with other people in the building spreading this paranoia that if I come back from Toronto,
that everybody's going to have to go with a hiding where I should be quarantined at home for a couple of months because I'm going to have SARS.
He also called me a foul name in Spanish for knocking him out. I don't have SARS. I have scars. Not SARS.
I have scars from the abuse I'm taking from somebody that I thought was a close personal friend. Somebody I could trust.
The unkindest cut of all the unkindest. What word did you say? Cut. Cut.
Because if it would have been the other word, I would have said that would have been the appropriate word.
But then Tom Zika would have put in a paper. 942 at 5. See you next time, Miguel.
Next time I'm back there and it'll be very soon. I'm going to sneak in. I'm going to sneak in.
I'm going to hide under the counter there. That's right. And when some of these unsuspecting pussies in that building, wow.
Yeah. Just like a rod. Oh, a rods try to say and they ripped them good in the papers here. Nice going boys.
They don't mince around here. Well, some of them do. They don't monkey around. They don't mince their words. They ripped him and asked for his aberrant behavior.
And he was, you know, something a rod out of work at QAM. He really would. I mean, they can afford him, but he ought to work there.
Because he'd fit in with that staff and a cowardly staff and Bert Lars going to play a rod in his biography.
Well, when he would retire, we could hire him as a sales rep. Yeah, that's right. He'd never show up anyway. Like Todd Dreck.
Hey, listen, Mother's Day is a week from Sunday. It's just around the corner. So it's a perfect time to repay Mommy who spent so many sleepless nights waiting for you to get home from your late night excursions out and about doing whatever.
Mommy, in fact, wouldn't be great to wear a nice skin suit and nipple rings on Mother's Day.
Donald Macris has the perfect mattress for Mommy. If it's sagging lumpy, you're just worn out in your mattress too. Pick up the phone and do the same thing. All a smart folks do and make an easy purchase over the phone.
One 800 mattress is the number to call for. Donald Macris. They got the complete line of service. Seely King, Coral and Sin Institute is from. You sure I want Mommy sleeping on something that you wouldn't.
So don't put it off another minute because you're running out of time anyway. Mommy's coming to visit. Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life each and every day than getting a great night sleep.
I've done it many, many times and you'll find it's a smart and easy way to shop. Just make that one phone call. Donald Macris gets more repeating referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat their customers right.
I guarantee I'll bet you Miguel's life on it again. Once you buy a mattress from Donald Macris, you'll never go back to shopping and a showroom again and getting ripped off.
Don't forget when you do buy your mattress and Donald Macris, they'll set up the new one and take away your smelly crappy old vetting for free.
That's right. Donald Macris sets up the new and takes away the crappy smelly soiled nasty and vericine old vetting for free.
So this mother's day have Mommy sleeping Maca baby on her new bed from Donald Macris. Give certificates available all the nominations too.
In fact, maybe you and Mommy will have a nice, nice, like Elvis. It wasn't good enough for Elvis and Gladys, huh? I can just see you and Mommy on a big sort of mattress together.
Side by each call today 1 800 MAT or ES. That's 1 800 mattress for Donald Macris to easy and intelligent way to get you a great night's sleep.
Find your local. This is 560. The radio's on your phone.
You in.
Pull up. That's the cool.
Come on.
I am going to go to the bathroom.
The dancing ain't the only thing.
You're not you off your feet. When you hear her whaling, sing.
I thought that having a grump in like a rabbit when the music turns me on.
I know it sounds happy but I'm so glad that I'm happy that you didn't get it gone.
Oh, I heard Mr. G a swing of love, a shaken fountain, so not fun.
I'm in fact 948 at 560 W.C.
Your gene retiring is very universities leader in June of 2004.
He's still got a year to go. What's the big simmish you got when I said had a time?
This summer, sister gene will celebrate the 50th anniversary of joining the religious life,
a calling that's brought her from a teenage novice to the president of a thriving university.
You think that she and the Janet will hop in that red pickup truck and take off in the sunset?
What a real trip that would be.
Now sister gene says she's ready for a new chapter.
Olockman, a trailblazing nun whose talents is educator, advocate, and leader of made or one of the mind
he's most respected civic figures, will step down as president of Burry University in June of 2004
where she announced yesterday.
You think she was in the room when the abuellas were checking out the aliens unit?
Obviously not.
Oh, she don't want to see that.
In fact, I see a lot of similarities between Donna Shalala and sister gene.
In 22 years, Olockman transformed Burry from a small struggling college into a thriving university
with more than 8,500 students, a law school, and a $22 million endowment.
Now a long-time retirement is in the works.
Oh, I can only imagine.
I can't you just see them driving up the old Hershey highway together.
Right.
Fishing.
She named her first million dollar donation for Burry on a bet 20 years ago, donning a white
satin and a feather boa and building out don't cry from a Argentina aboard a millionaire's yacht.
On a $2 million dare, she learned ballroom dancing to become most likely the first Dominican nuns in the
debut at the U.S. Ballroom Championships.
Her tireless efforts and standard 16 hour days have not been limited to Burry's welfare.
And she's been a devoted civic champion fighting drugs, feeding the homeless and promoting
justice for immigrants and protection for children.
Her work has netted dozens of accolades and awards and after becoming entwined in the saga of
Raptor Child, Alien Gonzalez, a brushma while we don't want to go back to America.
Because that Versace will get on the phone and start screwing up with her life again.
Hey sister gene.
I'm in Texas.
I just thought you want to know that, okay?
Maybe she can cure you.
Maybe she can the miracle.
Maybe she can order an excesses of interspersed time now.
Maybe she can get somebody who can come in and cure me.
He's got the magic touch.
That's what he tells all the older boys.
He'd like to touch it.
Hey Miguel, I still would touch it.
I'll tell you that right now.
But other than that, I just leave him high and dry.
Well, high and moist.
He just popped in here.
Did he really?
Well, you better remind him that I was there for two weeks too long.
Two weeks back and, huh?
I know.
He's going to quarantine himself because we reminded him of that.
He's not going to quarantine himself.
In fact, when I come back there, I'm going to have an extra cheer
in there and he's going to sit in my lap.
What do you laugh about?
I was penance.
Oh, his penance, right?
He's going to be sitting right on my lap every show.
And I'm going to be breathing heavy.
I'm going to be doing a lot of exhaling.
I can't you just see that?
I can envision it right now.
I do that would be great radio.
Well, these things, it's funny.
Who does?
Swart work?
Does he still in there?
Yeah, he used to be my buddy Miguel.
You turned on me like a rat.
Ever since Dorian had that big spat with the mole and got all I publicity on here.
Now, he's just jealous.
He just wants equal time with that bitch, without fat ass bitch.
Plus, I'll tell you one thing.
She brings, huh?
What do you just say?
I thought he said the F word.
Sort of.
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, I'm a good guy.
Better word, but it started at home.
Back at you, sweetheart.
Back at you.
See, another guy that thinks, because he looks good,
he thinks his stuff don't stink.
He thinks he's hot stuff.
Let me just tell you right now, you better get prepared.
Well, I don't know.
I'm not into that.
Peter Clayton ain't around no more.
But the fact of the matter is that we're going to be doing a best of needle.
I, two year compilation this summer.
2002 and 2003, right?
Right.
And because of the fact that we got the website, we can keep it up there all the time.
And I'm sure that Eric will really put his head to the grindstone once he gets it out of his salami and cheese sandwich.
And give us a lot of assistance, okay?
So just, you guys be thinking about that right now, because I'm not backing out of this.
And I want to do it again for a band and pet rescue.
Of course.
Because I'm not going to go out and get any more dogs, because I don't want any more dogs.
It's too, it ties you down and he can't go a trepid and trip in a round of world getting all these diseases to bring back.
I got one through now, by the way.
A disease?
No, a little puppy.
I'm all teeth.
Now, didn't you say my dog smelled bad?
Your dogs stunk that day, man.
Yeah, see, I knew it was him.
See, people think that I make these things up.
It wasn't because he stuck its cause he had that gunk in his ears because he had ear infections.
And they pack it.
Okay, you ought to know about that.
They pack it with his ears.
Yeah.
And my beautiful golden retriever who was probably the sweetest dog that ever set foot on a face of the earth.
And he's knocking my dog, knocking Winnie McGill hurt Winnie's feelings.
Yeah, well, you know, I have to say, I say poo to you.
Okay.
Is it Winnie the, you know that Winnie the Poo, Winnie was a real bear.
Did you know that?
Yes.
And he was like up the, there was a Canadian division in London during W.A.W.
One or two, I forget which I think one.
And one of the soldiers, it was like their pet when it was like a little, a little tiny bear.
And then when the bear, then of course the soldier had to go up to war and the bear was like,
they got a PSA they could run here.
Like the guy that invented Superman, he was also a Canadian.
I've never seen so many people with a massive inferiority complex as a Canadian.
They're great people except the French, but they just got this enormous inferiority complex.
And just to show you they're not inferior here's this story which you'll find on our website today.
Cretchen ready to ease pop possession law.
Oh, right.
Yeah, that's right.
To show you that this country is light years ahead of you Yankees down there, man.
I hate the Yankees.
Oh, sorry Joe Castella.
Well, Joe's still on the cruise.
Yes.
I'll be there.
Hey, listen McGill, don't get carried away.
Okay, you know, is he just taken over now?
And this is the same McGill by the way, all of this comes streaming back to me now.
He won't let me get the microphone back.
He's huddling over me.
He's invading my space.
Guess what?
Guess what?
Vener boys got it.
Sorry.
You name it.
He's got it.
Anybody that's sleeping outside under the overpass, can you imagine the disease riddled body?
And you already told me about that Hickey on his neck that duck gave him last week.
That's not a Hickey.
That's a shanker.
Is it really?
Well, whatever the hell it is, okay?
But what I'd be very concerned about is walking too close by a muffs office from what I'm here.
And I wouldn't be hanging out near there.
I'm just mentioning that McGill.
I know you're a pussy.
Can I get back to this story?
What was I just about to say?
No idea.
I was about to say when he filled in when you were on vacation and was it in the summertime?
I guess.
He did a royal room.
And he sat in your chair there.
He wouldn't say I've got it.
And he would let me hang it back when I was doing my bedtime stories.
And pretended he enjoyed the bedtime stories.
And then would tell you how he hated it.
I mean, he happened to have been right.
But nevertheless, I mean, there's another backstab.
I got scars, man.
No scars, but just deep scars.
I have wounds.
I'm going to rewrite that beachboy song in my womb.
Because I have battle scars from being stabbed so many times.
Then of course, we got certain other people.
I'm infected.
Yes, stabbing.
Try to get everybody fired.
You're going to be next, McGill.
I was going to try to get your ass fired if you stand a show too long today.
You're good, buddy.
Moe, he won't be a concerning with you anymore.
You'll be on the same shmit list as a Doreen, same shmit list.
You noticed the kind of people that gravitate to Moe.
He was talking about the Todd Dreck was hanging out with him this morning,
standing and looking in the window.
In fact, if he stands in that control room and looks in there,
the top of his head comes up to the bottom of that window, Todd Dreck.
Crutchhead ready to ease pop possession law in Canada.
A clause greets promise to youth.
Either they showed clips of the speech last night when they started when he announced it.
They all started applauding wild.
Don't get carried away.
We don't start smoking it yet.
It was cute.
And his obnoxious froggy way.
One thing about here is that you know when they have the Parliament meetings,
they do the same thing that the Brits do.
And then somebody be up there speaking, whether it's Crutchhead or whoever.
And I don't know how they can hear anything anybody is saying because you're...
All this racket, the background, they're screaming.
And that's just... they're talking. They're screaming in the back.
It's great.
It's great.
That's what we should have in the Congress of the US instead of this.
Oh, we're so polite to each other.
And the distinguished gentlemen from South Carolina,
they distinguished Nazi from wherever, you know.
Pala Crab.
Calling his government activist and not afraid to take on controversial issues.
Prime Minister John Crutchhead cast an audit youth last night,
and vowed that marijuana would soon be decriminalized in Canada.
Oh!
It was the... and guess who's pissed off about it, I should point out.
I don't know, ours.
President Bush's drugs are, John Walters has blamed Canadian growers and smugglers
for the high-strength pot on US streets.
But that one...
But that one...
But the Canadian Medical Association and the Canadian Chiefs of Police both support decriminalization.
How do you like that?
Crutchhead says that possessing small quantities, I think it's an ounce,
will soon be decriminalized in Canada.
Ounce would be enough for a start.
Sure, that will last me a...
Dour, dour.
Well, soon if you'd just legislated decriminalized possession of small amounts of marijuana,
you told a liberal party fundraiser, I'm in a plaza equipped.
Don't smart start to smoke it right away, we're not legalizing it.
Crutchhead said that in his youth marijuana was known, I never tasted it,
but he smoked cigarettes when his father told him not to.
When he gave me permission in 16, I stopped.
Youth today are charged criminally for possession of marijuana,
but they're changing that here in Canada,
and they're light years ahead of the repressive USA.
It wants to put everybody in jail.
We'll find something, you look at us cross side, you're thinking about committing a crime.
We don't like the way you're a part of your hair today,
we're gonna throw you ass in jail.
And those are the kind of right-wing fashes that people like Miguel and George Corso are in bid with.
Although at least Miguel was smart enough to get one from Dalai Madrasca's,
they give it to him for free.
Oh, I never gave the pull out yet, did I?
No, it's not a bunch of votes on there, but I never gave it a...
If the next presidential election was being held today, who would you vote for?
George W. Bush, Howard Dean, Hillary Clinton, Ralph Nader, Bob Graham,
that's who I voted for, Bob Graham.
John Edwards, Julie Brumman, John Kerry, Dick Gebhard, or Jesse Ventura.
I voted for B.D.R. Governor Bob. I like Bob Graham.
I like him too. He's all hard.
958-5... oh, by the way, what's his name's getting a pacemaker?
Fatboy.
That's the word we heard from Adam and sales this morning.
Anybody cares about Jeff High? Fatboy?
Getting a pacemaker.
So maybe he and Fat Rich can, like, compare notes.
They can rub their pacemakers together.
9.59, a QA, and you know, Mother's Day's next week in the Post-It
Vermont teddy bear, have been busy hand-making some great new bears for you.
Your mom, wife, and grandmother deserve something extra special this year.
Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic Vermont teddy bear.
She'll receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her,
and delivered with a free card and gourmet candy in a colorful gift box.
They've got great bears like the spa mob bear, mom's biggest fan,
or the new queen for a day bear.
Wouldn't you like to be queen for a day?
No.
How about queen for a lifetime?
Dad, it's your job to get a gift from the kids, and the mother and cup said
it's a perfect idea.
Add as many cups as you need with their names embroidered on the outfits,
depending on how many kids you got.
It's more creative and thoughtful than flowers and molized lifetime,
other than flowers, which are dead in hours.
Just call toll-free, 1-800-829-Bair, and a friendly bear,
council will help you tailor a bear just for her.
Social know you put some real thought into your gift, it's about time.
You won't believe the reaction you'll get ordering as quick an EC,
just call toll-free, 1-800-829-Bair, or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
This year, thank mom for all she does, with a great gift of bear from VermontTeddyBair.
Tell me, you'll put it in the call 1-800-829-Bair.
We are support radio 560, QAM.
It's day, with Miami Town.
At 560, WQAM.
I'm infectious!
I was on my way to work in the snow and not knowing,
from though there into snow was my size.
So I kept right on a stolen and low and beholden.
I slipped and cracked my head and then I died.
But I left you in a diet, so try it.
You like it, and just one other thing I might admire.
Watch your step, hey, hey, step rolls, a nice upper head.
So you don't crack open your head.
And diet doesn't matter where you two are.
For Dr. Bob, he still did.
You hear about that?
Did he die?
10-0-3 at 560, WQAM.
You know what's really ironic about this home of gelbiness.
I'm sure he's not the only one in that building,
but people who consider themselves so macho.
That's what really is amusing to me.
Back right after 9-11, there were certain ones of us
who had no compunction.
I'm not going to say none, but we weren't so pacified
that we stopped flying.
In fact, I signed this deal for them to build me the studios here
in the Amsterdam shortly after that.
Remember it?
On a November day, and I flew up here
because I had a rent meeting apartment.
And it was like November, so let's see.
It was less than two months after 9-11.
And I have other gay friends.
You know, those who are supposed to be
justified, those who were flying to Amsterdam all over the world.
And you know, back in those days,
you'd look around at the other people on the plane.
I remember talking about it.
But a lot of these macho guys, oh my God, he's infectious.
We got to put him on quarantine.
We're not going to fly because our plane's going to get hijacked.
And it also speaking to Todd Dreck.
Remember when we talked about him getting his blood test
because he was all freaking out about his cholesterol
and incident?
And he wouldn't go get his blood test because he's afraid of the needle.
He's afraid of the little needle.
He's afraid of getting a little prick.
Right.
How to be scared of death in me in that case?
Oh, he's a good company.
Pussy, pussy, pussy, man.
A-rod, big macho baseball player.
I'm going to be standing in a hotel lot.
You'll find me in my room with Brian Wilson in his teddy bear.
Because he's afraid he's going to catch something.
In the meantime, the Kansas City world has just been here for a weekend series
and in spite of all the warnings from Major League Baseball
and Bud Sealeg who's a moron, they were around town.
They had a good time.
No, no problem.
So people who are just a scared of life, they just- they just slay me.
What's the point?
Why not just blow your brains out?
They don't have to be afraid of nothing.
Well, that's right.
They're afraid of the consequences afterward.
I'm sorry.
They're afraid of what happens on the other side.
Speaking of a fact, I mean, what I was just talking about,
keep gaze out of baseball, Rockies player says.
Colorado Rockies reliever Todd Jones has caused a furious saying
gay player should not be allowed in Major League Baseball.
I wouldn't want a gay guy being around me, Jones told them to be in her post.
I had to break the news to your side by guarantee I'd bet Miguel's life on it.
You got some.
It's got nothing to do with me being scared.
He says that's the problem.
All these people say he's got all these rights.
Yeah, he's got rights or whatever, but he shouldn't walk around proud.
It's like he's rubbing it in our face.
I want to lie.
It's like he's rubbing it in our face.
See me hear me roar.
Oh, like Helen Ready, huh?
We're not trying to be close minded, but then again,
it might be confrontational, but you don't really have to be.
I don't know any gay baseball players that are running around being confrontational to you.
No, no.
I think there are a lot of running around deep into closet.
That's what Steve Stone said.
The National League player also said that if a game player is allowed on a team,
he'd better be good because if the team thinks for one minute,
he's disrupting the clubhouse.
If he doesn't have 50 homers or win 20 games, they're not going to put up with that.
So in other words, it's okay.
And he's safe.
If he's a great player, but if he turns out to be a turdburger of a player,
not going to put up with that.
Is that incredible?
No, it's very credible.
The tie raid was prompted by a reporter's question about the Broadway play,
Take Me Out, in which a major league baseball player announces that he's gay.
This is just more evidence that anti-gay prejudice is out of control.
And national sports said David Smith,
spokesperson for the Human Rights Campaign,
the largest gay rights organization in the country.
The commissioners of all the national sports leagues,
baseball, football, and basketball, need to immediately address homophobia.
Smith said,
The Rockies went into immediate damage control after the article appeared.
The team posted a message on its website saying the Rockies do not share Joe and the views,
opinions or attitudes.
As an organization in part of this community,
we are committed to providing an environment for our employees and fans
that's free of discrimination and prejudice regardless of race,
color, sex, religion, national origin.
What is that?
National origin, I think is what they mean,
but it says national orientation.
Yeah, I'm oriented towards Canada.
Age disability or status is a veteran.
Team President Kelly McGregor said in the statement,
There has been no comment.
No, actually, it is.
That's right, national orientation.
There is no such thing.
National origin is what they mean.
Well, it's a litter.
What do you want from a bunch of dumb jokes?
Anyways, a litter it.
And by the way, Todd, I got a message for you.
I'm in fact, yeah, I do like that.
I got it.
Whatever it is, you pick it, I got it.
And I'm going to give it to you.
I'm going to breathe on you.
I'm going to rub it in your nose.
Here's our poll so far today.
I apologize for being so long-winded and taking so long.
Don't I apologize?
No.
No, it's because being a boy,
it's you and me off my appointed rounds here.
Sorry.
It was intentional.
You're not fooling me.
It was probably my girl put you up through it.
All you sticks stick together.
120 votes.
The next presidential election.
A bigger pardon?
What a great product.
Spick sticks.
Give it up for now.
What is the next presidential election?
If we're being held today, who would you vote for?
And this, I mean, granted.
You can't have all these people running it once.
But it's just for the hell of it.
We got a year and a half to go until we get rid of this vote.
I mean, until 128 votes.
Bob Graham, 43.
That was my vote.
I scorned Governor Bob.
We love you.
I mean, we don't love you, but compared to what we got,
just even Taurus got 28.
George W. Bush 20, 15.6%, not tooth-rilling.
Hillary Clinton 12, 9.3%.
Howard Dean 10, John Kerry 6, Ralph Nader 4, Dick Abhard 3,
three people like Dick, John Edwards 2, and Julie Burman
has got the big 0.
Oh, yeah, they're on to him.
They are on to him.
So we're ordering an immediate quarantine on anybody
in a building who you think might be diseased,
like, mobile people to come in.
Didn't I tell you yesterday that I was psychically?
Should have built a studio for him in Boka.
So number one, he doesn't have to come in and depress
everybody by his presence.
He doesn't have to come in and terrorize the people
who work with him on a morning show.
And number three, he doesn't have to spread any kind of
diseases might be growing in his bag and his piece.
I think that's all the more good reasons.
In fact, you know who they could send to his house
to build a studio in his home?
No, I know.
George Corso would be good.
They'd get along real good together.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 team
for Rise and Rarlass Line.
Got a lot of stuff here today, but let's get a whole
bunch of calls in here, okay?
For all you people who want to rip McGill and ask,
or maybe you agree with McGill, maybe you're afraid
that I shouldn't come back to town at all.
None of us can come back to America
because well, first of all, that war thing, you know?
Right.
You're either with us or against us and we just didn't
want to jump in, jump on a van wagon.
Let me ask you this question.
Have we found any weapons of mass?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, and you know that Catholic church that they
sit on fire in New England yesterday?
Right.
They sit after the fire.
They found weapons of mass destruction.
5, 6, 7, 0.
Now who's that on a bat line?
WQM bat line?
Is George there?
Who's this?
It's Dave Johnson.
Dave.
Hey, hi.
Hi, that's a post.
You're not supposed to be on till tomorrow, Dave.
I'm not ready for you today.
Is this fine?
I just wanted to check some time.
This is like verbal foreplay we're doing here today.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
I'm in Toronto and of course I'm spreading disease
all over the place.
You got that mask on?
I got it on.
In fact, I got the Zorro mask on right now.
Okay.
Well, where do we make you pick tonight?
Okay?
I'm going to work on it fibrously tonight and my pick too.
Okay.
What time would you want me to call tomorrow?
What time would be convenient for you?
A gentleman like you doesn't, we don't tell you when to call.
You tell us when to call.
It will be delighted to speak with you.
I'll talk to you at 11 o'clock.
11 o'clock would be great.
And best regards from your close personal friend,
Mohawar David, by the way.
Okay.
In fact, I'm sure he'll be listening with Bated Breath.
Thank you.
See you tomorrow, Dave.
Thanks.
Okay.
There's a little preview.
Dave Johnson, our annual Kentucky Derby pick, he's great.
Yeah.
He's not his fan, by the way.
George, you're wrong about that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, on the AT&T and for right,
it's a wireless line.
Jackpot!
Excellent.
Hit the jackpot right off the bed.
I bet you have heard I want to even outdo that.
I can do line nine.
You watch.
WQAM.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to talk about good-looking guys for a minute.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay.
What do you think about Bob Greasy?
I mean, Brian Greasy.
Ugly.
He's just an element on.
He looks, huh, Dougie Pardon?
Even with the helmet on?
A helmet and a SARS mask still wouldn't help.
I don't know.
There's something about him that I like.
I don't know.
Really?
What's that?
Is it his...
He's grotesque.
Come on.
You know that his daddy was ugly and he looks just like daddy.
No, his dad was, but I don't know.
In fact, you know something about Brian.
I've told this before when I was doing U of M baseball.
One year we did on Channel 33.
I did a play by playing Bob Greasy to the color with me.
And he used to bring Brian who back in those days was like a 9 or 10 year old little punky kid.
And Brian looked the same then basically as he does now.
He was just as ugly as a kid as he is now.
Well, he liked to hang around with the guys at Columbus High School, I guess.
Did he really?
I'll tell you one thing.
He should be a good choice for the dolphins as a backup.
In fact, I'd like to see him start.
I not thought I liked the dolphin.
Yeah, what?
I was listening to the big ol' last night and he was poo-pooing it.
Oh!
Where's he really?
Well, you know something that's probably all the more reason that is a good idea.
Because the big ol' knows absolutely nothing about sports.
So that's a great idea.
Someone called up and mentioned your name yesterday.
He got off-lustered.
Who did?
Some collar did.
And on the big O's show and mentioned your name.
He got flustered?
Oh, he's probably another one that's all worried I'm going to bring him.
So I'm going to breathe all over him when I come back.
Have a great day, Pallie.
Have a great day, Pallie.
And give Brian a big kiss for us.
We'll do.
Okay.
I want to hold with your glasses.
I had a whole bunch of glasses with Brian Greasy in Columbus.
He's ugly.
Yeah.
He was a nice kid.
He was very quiet.
Yeah, and really quiet.
Huh?
He's really quiet, really smart guy.
Right.
He was quiet.
He was intelligent, like his dad.
All of his dad.
Bob's kind of strange, you know.
In fact, asked a mad dog.
Bob was an outstanding athlete, but he was strange.
In fact, working with him on a baseball games, he was kind of strange.
He just like never had anything to say.
Maybe he and I just didn't have a lot in common.
No, he didn't.
No, you asked, ask man that.
He'll tell you.
Because I know he shares my feeling about Bob Greasy.
Bob's just a little bit off.
Now, what is this?
Why did you do this to me?
Why did you send me a thing here about, from the Sun Sentinel,
by Michael Mayo, no less, about Steve Kane, about Mr. Ego, to keep you up to date?
Ah, geez.
The bombastic conservative radio host and member of the School Board's diversity committee
hates the euphemism of the N word.
He prefers using the actual word, which is exactly what he did the other day during a debate with me
in front of a hundred students at Dearfield Beach High.
The context wasn't hateful or insulting, but considering where we were and where he said it.
It was pretty down thoughtless, needless, and insensitive.
Kane, who was white, was trying to register his displeasure with the evil liberal media's use of the term right wing.
For some reason, he ceases that as a purgeurative, compelling it, comparing it to being called,
well, the N word, the mother of all racial epithets, Nigger.
An assistant principal, Wade Edmond, stood up and protested Kane's language.
Edmond is black.
They got into it a little bit, and after Kane casually used the word a couple more times, Edmond left the room.
Some students, black and white also voiced concerns.
Kane asked why they were so upset, considering they probably heard the word every day.
Why do you give such power to a word, he said?
Then why do you give such power to words like right wing or girl shot back?
Why do you let that bother you?
Two shades is Michael Mayo.
Somehow a 90-minute program that was supposed to be about affirmative action and bearded into this,
buy by thoughtful debate, hello controversy, which I think is exactly what Kane wanted,
which is why I wasn't going to write about it, but then my phone rang on Wednesday.
People are buzzing about this down black while 35 said, well, you see, you shouldn't have written about a Michael Mayo,
but you did anyway because you gave him just we wanted some free publicity.
That's all he wanted.
And by the way, he's got like fractions, WNMA, I have to correct what I said before.
Tiny teeny little fractions.
When the ratings come out, we got all those numbers now.
You could put their audience into a phone booth and have room left over,
but Michael Mayo feels compelled, the spirit of Moses compelled him to write about Mr. Ego.
Oh my bad, no, this is sports radio, fights it, you way, yeah.
Factors!
Well, congratulations, get alive.
I'm not talking toilet, olders, they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, how many teens in a week?
32 Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle, they don't know how to block.
Their coaches ought to tell them to put Ben Day in their jocks here.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami, and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, how many teens in a week?
I heard them in.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands.
They watch the game, and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich, and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, how many teens in a week?
I can't do it.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to woo.
The dolphins have J. Feedler, that quarterbacks at you.
Run down the field, and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a Super Bowl, you shouldn't be surprised.
When he gets cut, that doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
The Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, how many teens in a week?
I heard them in.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
J. calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense, and their offenses at joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on high-zinga, Zagui-Face, and there the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, oh what the hell, 32?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're through.
Oh!
1021, here's a fact from Andy and Miami, who says,
Neil did somebody pee on your transmitter.
No, Andy, that's a problem.
Nobody peed on it.
That's what we need.
We need to have George Corso and Bob Ramuth go out their hand and hand, and pee on the transmitter.
It says, all week long, your signal's been fading in and out.
It's driving me nuts.
Why can't you be on, oh, that's cause of the weather probably, right cause of the rain?
Yeah, sure, let's use that.
Rain and and cloudy and a couple of birds, circuit dump.
It's all it takes when you're on AM, especially with our crappy signal.
And now that Julio's left, we don't have an engineer that knows his ass from your elbow.
It says, why can't you be on power 96 from 10 to 2, the punky kid who was in school anyways, supposedly?
Keep up the good works as Andy and Miami, thank you, Andy.
And we should be on power 96.
We should be on a real FM station.
Can you imagine how do we get these numbers on a station and nobody can hear?
That's the real mystery, you know?
Yeah.
Not to pet ourselves on the backs again and get that carapractor in here.
Like Moe was doing about his charitable work yesterday.
Got all mighty.
What a self-aggrandizing old fart he is.
56670560, we're talking about great looking athletes today.
Did you know that was going to be the topic?
I had no idea.
Neither did I.
Now watch this pool here very carefully.
I'm wondering.
194 votes if the next presidential election were being held today, who would you be voting for?
Bob Graham 58.
Just event to a 43.
George W. Bush 36 up to now 18.5%.
Hillary Clinton 20.
Howard Dean 15.
John Kerry 9.
Dick Kebhard 6.
Ralph Nader 5.
John Edwards 2.
And Julie Lieberman.
Oh!
Who don't have any?
I think we chased away all the Jews.
You know, I talked about the Dockhoud-Dolly the other day in the old bag.
I think the only Jews we got left is Jeff Cohen, Woody Graber and who else?
I think that's it.
And Rich Pactor.
Right.
And Fat Rich.
That's it.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Your mom?
No, she ain't listening.
She only listens when you're on.
It's great.
Rich Bitch about it.
WQIM.
QIM.
Nobody there.
What a shame.
You know, nobody's going to touch Tommy Brady if we took a poll on the best looking athlete.
Plus, that would be kind of like a homo-erotic kind of a poll anyway.
You get that picture from Colorado Offset too.
WQIM.
Neil, I have four words for you.
You work better alone.
I got three words for you.
You are boring, man.
Those are the three words.
You are ponderous.
Take whichever three you like.
Okay?
Because they all apply.
Boring and ponderous with nothing to say.
WQIM.
QIM.
QIM.
Yeah, I got something to say.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Marigold.
Okay.
Your people that worked up into a friend, you probably Miguel is one of the most important people in the world.
I don't want to turn these people on the number.
I think that wasn't a go.
That was him, to win a voice.
Back at you.
Who we got on.
WQIM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I'd like to talk about the concept of Brady of Mulhower, David and Reverend Jones.
Yeah, okay, great.
Reverend Jones, we're out there today, baby.
Let's hear it.
Jackpot day.
Yeah.
It's the day for the jackpot.
It's okay, jackpot rhymes with crackpot.
Remember that awful show with Jeff Edwards, Jackpot where he used to wear that leather jacket?
Also run with smoke pot.
Oh, yeah.
Well, if you come to Canada, you can smoke pot, okay?
Right there.
So that's the point.
You want me to come down and bring you some good crap.
I mean, do you want me to come down?
No, I'll go up and get my stars on.
And give all that disease out, which Miguel and George Corso uncertain of.
There's, I want some more names, okay?
Because evidently, if this was discussed in a meeting, in a meeting in the radio, I mean, that in itself, there's a story.
In fact, if Michael Mayo wants to write a story or Tom Jicke or any of these people, Kevin Baxter, when he's not being the sports expert, there's a story.
Staff at QEM concerned that Rogers might bring SARS back with him from Toronto, wants him quarry, wants to quarantine the queen.
Unclean queen.
Yeah.
Quarantine the unclean queen, typhoid fairy.
Man, that sounds pretty mean.
You're a carrier.
That's what they made their conditioners.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
How is the pool coming out?
Keep your eye out real closely.
Bob, Graham, 65.
We're held in a presidential election right now.
217 vote.
Graham, 65, just even to 51.
George, W. W. W. W.
17 and a half percent.
Hillary Clinton, 21.
Clinton.
Howard Dean, 16.
John Kerry, 10.
Dick Kimhart, 6.
Ralph, Nader, 5.
John Edwards, 3.
And Julie, women's got a pair.
Oh, okay.
They're kind of, but he has a circumcised.
He's not too circumspect, but he has circumcised.
He is, he, you know, something that he'd be the last one I'd vote for.
Even.
Oh, yes.
Oh, that's right.
What a, because I think he'd be worse.
Wow.
I think he's worse.
He's more dangerous.
What if I would tell you about the ultra-orthodox Jews?
Yes.
I was told you that.
It's going to call back again that lady.
Good.
And like I told you that, hey, honey, castle voice, okay, do a good job.
When in doubt, clean it out.
1027 at 560 W.Q.A.
I'm speaking of cleaning it out.
Do you like to waste the book of your superstore for the Atkins diet?
Or all the other low-carb sugar-free diets around?
It's introducing some great new stuff.
There are new almonds and that cakes by control carb are in right now that come in blueberry, banana, or classic almond.
Each serving is only one effective gram of carbs, or sample delights new, chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs.
And if you like something that crunch on, then try one of their three new flavors of low-carb racquet chips.
So whether it's carbolite, ice cream, breads, rolls, cheesecakes, chocolates, pasta, and great low-carb pasta sauces, or any of that, the 600 low-carb foods delights away, book as a store I guarantee, you're going to love if you're a dieter.
You can always sample before you buy, too.
They got a staff that knows Atkins and the other diets inside and out there open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10.
And at Delights, they carry the most complete line of Atkins brands, products that are always 25% off all day, every day, even on Chavuas.
The Atkins diet is rated number one. So head to the number one low-carb sugar-free store in the university, Lightsaw Westboka.
And you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market, or column tool free at 1-877 Low-Carb, or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one Delightsaw Westboka and it is your official Atkins retail center.
Find and local at Hearst.
Force Radio 560, she wins.
UAM.
Stop us at nights!
Blonded by the ride, can't boost the light, do you expect to be steep or a ride?
Blonded by the ride, out of light, do you expect, cause I do think we're a ride.
I know you may not understand what I did or who I am most of you don't need books.
So let me introduce myself, I was a well-respected, hard-right man, entrusted by high-level strokes.
I used to have a powerful, Republican position, high upon a moral crown.
The holy questions were in systems that Atkins rated to live with any means that could be found.
3x8, I had a little stretch out, cause I was blinded by the ride.
Man- ol' with my dougie back, the moral pasty back, blinded by the ride.
I thought I could do it, because I knew I would be good.
I had a mission to the tardis, from my moralistic Christians, and crawling there, taking on the road.
Why then a wreck to conduct sister and cunts are raising the stars given our balls of tongue
My job was to welcome news to the right wing for the view people minds and really to sway
And now the hatred that I spewed about minorities and bankers used make me one of you today
I couldn't even tell I was gay cause I was blinded by the right
Bankers of my douche bags of tasty food or rice blinded by the right
There was an old push he was naked on a falls with two gas taken her
Garbage style
Mother trained monkey 1032 to 560 WQ I am you know we left off what you already do because you're sending this facts to you
How can we do that the Reverend the Raymond Reverend Al Sharpton get him on Eric, please Al Sharpton he's running
What he's thinking about it
What he does Al Sharpton get him on here somebody of old form
Somebody who doesn't know better 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the 18 and 10 Brian's Marlison
Remember before the show you said you were seen a bunch of pictures people riding and out of control on TV
Right Puerto Rico
Are you sure it was Puerto Rico?
Yes
Are you sure because they're also riding in Berlin?
Uh oh
People at a Berlin Rock concert fought with police as Mayday began with violent confrontation ahead of protest marches all across Europe
Hundreds of mass youth smashed shop windows and overturn cars in the Prince Laura Burg District of the city overnight into it today
Police had riders through stones and bottles at them
They reported injuries to 29 officers one seriously 97 arrests
There was no word on civilian injuries the concert was part of Mayday celebrations which saw security stepped up
In all the major European capitals as tens of thousands of people peace and labor activists prepared to march
Large demonstrations are expected today in Berlin Paris, Rome, London, Athens and Madrid
With protest against the West La Boise in Iraq alongside traditional trade union demands for workers rights etc.
There you go they're riding are they shouting at Atlanta?
I'll go check
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and 10 and Verizon wireless line
Why do I course instead of running around worrying so much about whether I'm going to bring disease back to South Florida?
It would seem to me that maybe you and some of your engineering cohorts now that we got the only real engineering in the place, only a lot of there
Would like work online 5 get our phones back to working away they should be
It would be a good priority instead of spreading a lot of fear and paranoia around the building
A lot of stupidity which is your specialty George
Of course all that is
How many QAM?
George
Yes
I want to weigh it on the best looking athlete
Okay go ahead
Hey, I am a corner corner of course and the male department I guess Tiger Woods he gets all the white chicks
Tiger, why do I, because he gets all the white chicks that means he's been looking?
No, no, but I mean justifies my vote and for a male good looking male
Okay thanks
Anacorn, Oholyah and Tiger Woods
Oh brother, well and of course we get no arguments there
No
From all the guys that are wishing that she's really what they think well they don't really don't care what she is
They just left her alive
I'm not talking about you the guy that called before is right I work better alone
You know this but we already know your feelings on this topic
Okay stop being so defensive
Every time I mention anacorn, Oholyah is back to the same thing
One cure what she is maybe she's like we already know that
Okay
Don't restate the obvious right being her boy
Right
Tom, don't restate the obvious we know that that would be like my saying no Tom Brady's really hot
Well everybody knows that he is and plus I think that and he is
You know
Even even George would have been with that
What
Oh
Oh God everybody I know even a macho wolfery like mad dog
He's a very handsome young man who can't see that
Right there you go it's simple it's simple there's nothing complicated about it
We're not gonna go tell Miguel on you because then he'll get all of a sudden thinking out as a macho
As he thought you were before he has a stud see
Is he talking about Miguel or Tom Brady
5 6 7 0 5 60 how do we get started with good looking athletes what I one guy called about Brian Greasy
Which I think is really outrageous
I mean again we can't all be beautiful. I'm certainly not I'm as grotesque as they come and then you got mo who thinks
See that's the thing that kills me people who are gross and they think they're good looking that's what kills me
You know like Mo he's a good example of that and we have some other people around the building we got his
Beener boy who thinks he's a hot number a hot tamale what do you mean thinks
He said he couldn't get laid with Georgia's penis at the treasure island last night that's what he told me I said I would have won
I've gotten laid with you know you said that's what his wife says all the time too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 80 and T and Verizon world is lying I wonder what Randy would think of that
Oh here's that special here's our favorite line nine WQA and hello nobody on her told you told you was going to be different
Did I never discipline on line nine WQA and hello
Hey good morning is this Neil yes sir
Hey Neil do us a favor stay up there you know this year and a half before we take over another four years
So take that you let this liberal now okay great there is that's a lot this liberal guy again
But at least he had a few more words this time very good he's working on a pal maybe it'll grow a little bit I doubt it he's still working on it you left this liberal
How is Georgie poor you do it on a poll by the way 16.9% not exactly overwhelming in this crowd out of 254 votes in about the 40 minutes pretty heavy duty response here
If the presidential election were being held right now who would you vote for Bob Graham 76 just even true of 55 George W. Bush 43 16.9%
It just changed again damn it like I said 16.8% Hillary Clinton 31 Howard Dean 20 Jimmy Dean's got a couple see he's getting more popular now he's eating that Jew food
John Kerry 17 Ralph made her seven Dick Hibbarratt 6 Julie Ruminzole went to three John Edwards got three and we just stuck Al Sharpton on there we just stuck him
You know that Michael Mayo thing about mr. Ego that is so first of all why would Michael Mayo debate Steve Kane on anything why would he look why would he debase himself to do such a thing and please don't tell me oh well he invited him all he would have to do is politely decline right wouldn't that be the sensible thing to do I only sent you the first page there's a whole other page to that story oh no yeah please tell me no sorry I know you're right rather be back on a sports section like Mayo which you didn't do all that great there but I'm sorry I'm sorry I know you're right rather be back on a sports section like Mayo which you didn't do all that great there but I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry but it's true that it was all based on a lot of discussion about eating, or what that was so funny but it was so funny too funny but by perfecting it was so funny you know I love you how it came with blood which we remember that
No.
I give up.
Just tell me what your problem is.
Mr. Ego.
So you see how talented it is.
And a great broadcaster like Jerry Williams,
who was a talk radio genius and pioneer
and really respected by the people
in the industry and a gigantic ratings everywhere he went,
including in the South Florida market.
He gets an obituary that doesn't even recognize
by some AP writer in the Sunscentle.
Mike Mayo doesn't write about that.
No. Instead, he writes some stupid-ass publicity
puff piece about Mr. Ego using the inward
at some debate that he shouldn't have been at in the first place.
At least Mike Mayo shouldn't.
Why do you debase yourself, Mike?
What's wrong with... oh, he's the other Jew that's listening, Mike Mayo.
He listens religiously if I can say that.
Mike and Leal.
This is 420560.
You ain't a Jew, ain't you?
Frank, what's Gary doing tonight?
And who are you guys? What's in there?
That's why inquiring minds read the Miami Hero.
Is Maurice Fere really having sex
with an alien from outer space?
It's in the house.
Is Paula Harkens the true mother of the elephant man?
It's in the house.
Is John Kennedy sleeping with Max Henry?
It's in the house.
Is Jim Baker about to get birthday-jerry-ball-velled baby?
It's in the house.
Sex, sex, sex, more!
Hark's sex!
Oh, it's in the house!
Plus, Gary, heart's amazing.
Roy's dying from Florida.
A crossword puzzle that has no answers.
Our own Pulitzer Prize is just for us.
Add cups of love letters to Neil Rogers.
And we're so sorry, Uncle Albert,
but we haven't heard of bloody fangirls eggs.
Mindless, fably rhetoric.
And Paula and the latest issue of...
The Miami Hero.
Unbailable at Supermarket Checkout Counters everywhere.
And where final manure is spread.
1043 at 560 WQAM.
Two of the crampiest newspapers in the universe,
the Sun Central and the Hero.
And in a perfect place for it, too.
Why are we got a lot of fishermen down there, right?
So there's probably a lot of fish to run.
Right.
A lot of birds.
A lot of bird droppings.
Anyway, the big story at WIOD.
And the nighttime slot, I was gonna say Phil.
Are you sure?
But it wasn't.
He had one good hour there, kind of like Mo.
I don't know if I want to say that.
But I just did tonight.
Yeah, one good hour there.
And that was his... where is it?
His seven o'clock hour.
First hour, 5.7 Sheridanite in men.
But then it goes down to a 3.48 o'clock
and a nine o'clock down to a 2.9.
Wow!
One big hour.
I don't understand that, do you?
No, I don't.
But then, at 10 o'clock, when what's the guy's name?
Nudnik?
Nory.
George Nudnik?
3.7 at 10.
All right.
It's up almost to point from the a nine o'clock.
And then the big hour at night,
on the 7th of midnight is 11 o'clock midnight,
6.4 Sheridanite on Nury.
For the arc bell crowd.
Like a little bean of boy in there.
He listens to it.
Kind of a choice.
What do you mean by that?
All I get is AM.
I don't have a car stereo.
Why not?
Tape deck.
Because I'm poor.
George hasn't fixed you up with a great car stereo yet.
I don't even have a C in that car.
Oh my god.
He's not paying car payments for you
for a nice little, uh, what?
I can't afford my own.
I'm going to make you...
Oh, yeah, I know that.
Yeah, of course.
I know that.
Why do you have to think I stay out of town as much as I can?
I know your address.
Every time I'm in town, I've got to pay everybody else's bills.
I'm the grandfather of the universe, man.
I'm paying a whole world's bills.
That's me.
That's my...
The story of my life.
I got to be tired 10 years ago.
Thanks, Brant.
But not me.
Yeah, I got to pay everybody else's life.
And it wouldn't mind so much if it wouldn't have been for Mitch Hirsch.
But anyway.
So George Nuri, now, is he just doing the same art bell thing
with the, uh, talking to lifeless...
Absolutely.
...craylor trash.
Yeah.
About the spaceships and that'll be bull and chubacabras.
Oh, did you...
I bet you make yellowishness to that.
I will bet you your life on it, and then the yellowishness to the chubacabra guy.
And guess who's going to be sitting next to me on the plane when I come back from Toronto?
George Nuri?
The chubacabra.
I think you're hot one.
It's South America.
I'm going to smuggle him in.
How do you like that?
Right next to that town, I'm bringing in that brick.
Oh, thank you.
Finally.
Yeah.
I'm not bringing you back squad.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T in Verizon Marvel Slime.
The best looking athletes in sports.
I have no idea where this came from.
Administration appeals for under God, and the pleasure of leadings will get to that.
Record industry warning to pop up.
All you people stealing that music.
Better watch it.
Villified weapons inspectors may have gotten the right.
That's what Konda Lees is saying.
Oh, how do you like that?
She says guess what?
What weapons of mass destruction?
What are you talking about?
Bush tries to weaken tobacco treaty.
That's being signed by more than 160 other nations.
But Michigan man sues McDonald's after fighting chewing gum in his salad.
Remember that song by what was his name?
He died Lonnie Donigan?
No.
Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on your salad overnight?
That's who did that?
Lonnie Donigan.
He's dead.
Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on your salad overnight?
You remember that?
I thought it was back post, but what do I know?
What?
You know what?
I'm going to let you two guys do the show.
Don't do that.
Yeah, I'm just going to let that do you guys because you're both so off today.
I think there's a disease in that building is what it is.
As usual.
And I guarantee you, if I was him, which I wish it was to be honest with, at least from the top of the head down, you know, I prefer to keep my brain.
But if I was him, I'd be a lot more concerned about catching something from the corporate disease in that building, which is a filthy mess.
There's fleas flying around in Evangel.
Little Boeena boy yesterday had to pick off dozens of fleas from that place.
He's got scabies.
He's got that big lump on his neck from up back and up against the wall of the day.
All kind of grotesque corporate diseases going around.
There's all kinds of incestuous relationships in that building.
And Miguel and Corso and a bunch of unnamed other ones are worried I'm going to bring SARS back from Toronto.
Oh, my God. Am I wounded, huh?
And you know what fixed can I got?
Takes a hell of a lot to wound my ego, but my God.
People having meetings in the building worried about should need to be quarantined the queen when he comes back from Toronto because they got that disease up there.
What a bunch of pussy's, man.
If you drive by the daybrower line on a 441 and hear those meowing sounds, that'll be most of the staff at QAAM doing that, push-a-five crap they do, making meowing sounds.
And I'll tell you one more thing.
If I'm supposed to be so dangerous and unsanitary, there's a certain receptionist who sits out front.
I don't want to make a freaking carlos with the 75.
But piercings.
I had to be careful what I said.
Yeah, careful with his penis rings and testicle rings and the nipple rings and his spectrum rings.
Bells on his fingers and rings.
Yeah, bells on his toes and things on his nose.
I don't want to say what they are.
And this is a guy who goes in the tea room there and pees all over the water in a place because he's got all these penis.
You know what I'm saying is true.
Of course.
He leaves a puddle.
I guarantee you, Lake Ontario has got nothing on the puddle.
He leaves on a flow in there.
Even Moe when he first came there couldn't believe it.
What's on the flow, Moe?
Next to your hair piece.
Oh, can you imagine if that thing dropped in there after a...
Oh, Leo.
Oh.
After a freaky carlos was in there, that thing would just swim away.
Remember that song?
A swim away.
A swim away.
I can see it now.
Everyone's Moe's hair piece.
Swimming right down the little pee puddle.
And then you got fat boy who when he isn't in the hospital getting his body parts replaced, he's busy sweating all over the wall.
But I don't know when they got to worry about, right?
In fact, there's only one thing I'm going to bring back to that station when I come.
I'm going to buy the wall greens right on the corner there.
What's that?
I'm going to buy a big giant economy size can of lysterine and put it right on Hank's counter.
They went and I see Hank the next time.
So it can scrub the toilet seat with it to make sure he doesn't catch no kudis from me.
And I avoid like the plague.
I really have to go real bad if I take a dump in that place.
Yeah, because you don't want booty kudis.
Ooh, man, that is the worst.
Especially no one fat boy was once in there.
Oh.
And then knowing that Greg, that doesn't Greg have his own executive worst room in his office.
I'm sure he does.
All GMs do.
In fact, that was one of my great perks at IOD.
Huh?
Right.
Was every now and then I get to use the executive toilet.
Right.
Oh, that was really something.
And you talk about disease.
Can you imagine the stuff that was floating around in that room?
That's my opinion.
I might disney.
Yeah.
You can only begin to imagine just the stuff that came out of Steve Nichols nose.
Stuff came out of it.
Well, what goes in must come out.
I see.
Or is it, is it the other way around what goes out?
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Pound five sixty on the AT and T.
Verizon Wireless line hot athletes.
That's what we're talking about today.
We evolved into this okay.
The guy that thought he wanted to do a brand greasy.
You want to degrease him all up with Western oil and do him and Florence Henderson side by each.
We should probably put most pick on there.
But you're bloody magicians.
I beg your pardon.
Because wasn't he talking one morning mo about how hot one of the Williams sisters was.
Serena.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, he's obsessed with Serena Williams allegedly.
And of course Serena the both of the Williams sisters in my book look like crap.
They're scary.
That right.
Who was I watching this morning that I told you was just unbelievable looking.
What was I'm going?
Oh, what's an in Daisy Fuente.
Yeah.
She's.
I mean, it was a spot.
So I don't know what I mean, obviously they had her all spiffed up, which was the thrust of that 48 hours thing on CBS last night.
And of course, we should know that.
But we don't because we're stupid and we want to get sucked in.
The fact that people don't really look as good as they make them appear in the TV and in movies and on the print media because they airbrush and they do this.
And they can take somebody even as grotesque as us and make us look good.
Well, are you sure about that?
No.
No, not in your case.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Hey, you see my billboards around town.
Oh, I look lovely, huh?
I know you can see that.
I'm on the mile away now.
That's right.
In fact, I mean, that race tomorrow.
I got the mold position.
WQIM.
Yeah, well, I thought it's a meal.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Is it a meal?
Yes, it is.
Oh, yeah, I got a, got an athlete.
Okay.
What about a Brad former?
Brad former.
Yeah, I got to tell you something else about coming back from Toronto.
Yeah.
Stay there because you don't need any sagging sound here.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Brad former.
See, he's telling me Brad former is a good looking guy, but stay there.
We don't need any bag.
It's not right.
You're going to muscle it on his territory.
Right.
That's right.
Now I'm not going to take Brad away from you.
Okay.
Brad former.
Brad forward.
Brad Kramer.
Brad backward.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60 on the 18 and T.
And Verizon wireless line.
In fact, I think we should do it the other way, pal.
You stay there because we got more than enough.
We got more than our quota fags up here.
Believe me.
Trust me when I tell you.
See on church street, sweetheart.
You and Miguel.
In fact, you know something would surprise me if that was Miguel's boyfriend.
Just call in and try to deflect the suspicion.
Who the Q.A.M.?
Bush and Ron.
I'm out of my mind.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60 on the 18 and T.
And Verizon wireless line.
See, I should have stuck by my guns this last one.
He's never going to be on again.
I've said that before and now, you know, it's just laziness.
If the next presidential election be held today,
who would you vote for?
Bob Graham 88.
Jessy Ventura 64.
George W. Bush 56, 17% even.
Hillary Clinton 37.
John Kerry 28.
Howard Dean 26.
Dick Hebhardt 8 people in this audience.
Like Dick.
Ralph Nader 8.
John Edwards 5.
Al Sharpton 5.
And Julie Berman second win in last place.
Joe Joy.
Three votes for Julie Berman out of 328.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18 and T and Verizon line.
W.
Q.A.
Hello.
Nobody there.
Nobody on 7.
Don't you feel bad about that?
Crushed.
You know who is in a movie I saw yesterday?
And I don't understand how he made it.
Because I think he's been sick like all year.
Didn't he have Hodgkin's?
SARS.
Very, what's his name?
To play on 7th Heaven?
Very.
I don't know.
Watson.
Okay.
He's a pretty good looking guy.
Don't watch that show.
You never seen 7th Heaven?
No.
Well, that's right.
Well, the 5th is a minister.
So that would probably turn you off.
No kidding.
Even a lot of hot people on that show, man.
I don't watch it, but I have seen it.
And there's a lot of hot every variety, whatever you like.
Jessica Beale.
Howard Beale.
Jessica Beale.
Jessica Tandy.
She's driving it.
Nobody QIM?
Yeah, this is a Neil show.
Yes, it is.
I'd like to request for Neil for him to play on the crank calls during the MoHOWA David Show.
Is that funny?
That'd be possible.
Does he have run shows like that?
No.
No.
Okay.
Thanks.
You're back.
560-70560.
See, now obviously that's a guy that makes crank calls to the MoHOWA David Show, right?
That'd be funny.
That's what he does.
Don't be cranking on our good, close personal buddy, MoHOWA David is.
Okay.
What's wrong with you, man?
Any guy that's that old and has a fragile eagle like him, an eagle like him.
Any call might just put him over the end.
So like I said, 6 a.m. tomorrow would be good.
Why'd said he's just flop around like a squirrel and heep.
Oh, you know, being a boy this morning asked me, asked me what a black squirrel was.
He said, are there really such things as a black squirrel?
Or there are black Russians?
Maybe they should have sent you to debate Steve King, you know what?
Well, seriously, there, what is this from our number one fan in Cleveland?
A Northfield fan's case.
Oh, I love it.
I'm so happy.
I hope my friends, Dick and Steve are listening at Pompa Dope Park.
Don't ever let Walter Case come to Pompa Dope Park.
I can't stand him.
Walter Case, Jr. is four-year-old right in Northfield Park, loaded with hundreds of victories
and dozens of suspensions is over.
It ended with Tuesday nights races after case.
The winningest driver in North America the last two years picked up yet another lengthy suspension
that under track policy calls for his immediate expulsion.
Case was unavailable for comment left Northfield on a high note.
He drove in 13 to the last 14 races, winning eight of them, including the last five races on the card.
His latest suspension is for 35 days.
He's out.
Now this wasn't for like race fixing or anything like that.
It was for a kicking, a kicking violation.
I'm not sure if it was a horse or maybe it's one of the judges.
Anyway, Walter Case is out.
Oh!
And that's good news to me.
I don't like Walter Case.
I don't like his whole thing.
He meant Irving Fillion.
Bye-bye boys.
We'll see in jail block number two.
Here's one that says, how about Team Uselani?
Now there's a guy with good taste.
How about those ducks by the way?
Oh!
How about those mighty ducks?
Three-one lead on the boring obnoxious Dallas stars.
They win one, nothing less than that.
I love it.
Tampa Bay, you're on a verge of extinction baby, but nice job.
Tampa had a good season.
Since I grew up in South Florida, I'm not a fan of the stars, but I do watch the games because I like the way they play.
But not in the series.
In other words, he likes boring hockey.
That goalie for the ducks is unbelievable.
Gigair.
He's told the stars before the series started.
Gigair is up.
And he's got all kind of look at his Marlon Brander lines.
He's got Donald Rumsfeld line.
He's got Joe Zagaki line on it.
This guy's doing more lines than Steve Nichol.
But anyway, Team Uselani, there's a great looking guy.
Not a good looking hockey player, but we're like Marty Hamlet.
Oh, let's talk about the good looking women because we get real nervous when you do that.
When you start with that gay band.
Oh, we get...
Yeah.
We can't handle it.
It makes us feel like so unclean.
My life and look all this is sports radio by city.
You ain't too way.
What's next?
Dead babies?
I got it.
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die.
From being able to make do do do.
I should ever keep making Donald a thing that goes the characters like my bowels.
How can you die from infected thoughts?
You let these mojo doctors in.
Now my heart stops.
You schwarz at sign eye for my intestine's out.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami.
With the kind of service you get in this town.
I would act in need to follow.
If I may repeat that path I swallow.
Why can't you let me so you can ask?
Why can't you lose us? Get it right.
My power will block.
Inside my hiding can make my heart go out.
It's good doctors.
It's good doctors.
It's good doctors.
11-1 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Thursday to you.
It's a great day for a duck.
I guess.
Mighty ducks.
What I just get you talking about.
One nothing over Dallas.
Oh!
Lead the series three games to one.
Stars are out.
They're out.
So the ducks have played.
Let's see.
This year they have played.
What?
Eight playoff games.
They won seven of them.
Aren't you impressed?
Oh, blown away.
And you know who that is?
That's our good friend Brian Murray.
The spokesman.
Robbie Needamire always rejects.
Don't ask me how they're doing it.
351 votes on the pool presidential election right now.
Julie Berman for.
John Edwards five.
Although he said he started his Democrat party.
My crossover.
Can I ask you one thing seriously?
How can that show beyond here?
I get that.
I mean, I realized that television is mostly about fakery
and chicaneery and ripoffs and crackery.
But how can Jonathan Edwards be on the show?
And how can those people be undertaken it seriously?
Emotional cripples who can't accept reality in the passing of the loved ones.
You mean like that guy in a barbershop?
I was telling you about yesterday.
Yeah.
He was talking about when you go over to the other side.
Your relatives are all there waiting for you?
That's the...
Yeah.
Then...
Oh.
John Edwards five.
Al Sharpton eight.
Rathnader nine.
Dick Gebhard ten.
Howard Dean 26.
John Kerry 31.
Hillary Clinton 40.
11.2%.
The poll on MSNBC last night said Hillary's leading the near survey.
By a wide margin among Democrats and would give out presidentay
to run for the money right now, even though she ain't even a candidate.
George W. Bush 62 votes 17.4%.
Want four more years of fashion of this?
Just even to her 69.
What a great number for Jesse.
It's the perfect number.
And Bob Graham 92.
Oh.
I voted for Bobby Graham and I do it again.
I voted for Jesse.
Well, there you go.
We're one and two.
What a ticket that would be, by the way.
That would be good.
Bob Graham for president, Jesse for VP.
Right.
That would be excellent.
At least we never vice president who we were pretty sure was still alive.
Same haircut.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
Pound five sixty on the AT&T.
Rise of Marla's line.
Is there something going on with line now?
I just just went this line.
That's what it's like.
That's what it's like.
Yeah, there's something the sun ain't wrong.
We did.
It's got a buzz as opposed to a nice cleaned out turn.
Oh, don't forget 11 o'clock tomorrow morning.
Dave Johnson's going to call in.
So now I'm going to have to like do my homework about the Kentucky Derby.
And Dave knows I just I don't care about Thurberd racing anymore.
Just boring to me.
I mean, the Derby you get to the triple crown.
It's big and breeders a cup day and all that.
But I just really don't care about it.
It's so boring on my racing channel.
When you watch the horses go to the gate and they take...
They're so slow going to the gate, you know?
For 17 now one for two this year as a four year old.
Clear to the lead at this point, putting away a lower.
La more and then holding off the more.
La more, la more, whatever.
And then they run.
Here's a race.
A while minute 13.66 seconds.
So was having like six four longs, I guess, which is three quarters of a mile.
And then you wait another 25 or 30 minutes and you sit there.
There's nothing going on.
Do you know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
When you never been to the race track.
Of course I have.
One one time each.
You were the pompano to the harness racing?
Right, joined you for dinner.
Thank you very much.
When was that?
I don't remember that.
About 30 years ago.
Come on.
You were at pompano park.
You and Fat Rich.
I walked out with three bucks up.
Get out of here.
Well, see that's fun.
Harness racing is fun.
It's fun.
All the water case junior makes me sick the most.
I'm glad they kicked them as I sound.
Don't let them come to pompano park.
Dick, please, I beg you.
Okay.
They'll do it.
They'll do it.
They just got a while since they hit him over.
They'll do it.
They'll invite him.
But the thoroughbreds.
Oh my god.
It's just so slow.
But we'll do it because it's the Kentucky Derby maybe.
And millions of people will be watching.
And Pungent or Guts out.
Which you can start punching them around pompano one o'clock.
You can pre-bend on a Derby.
Are you going to be over there?
Oh, yeah.
Do you know who turns out to be a big plunger
which you never would have expected it?
But I guess it rubbed off from working the QA.
I'm so long as Geldy.
No, I never would have.
If you pay attention, half of the time he talks about being out of the track
and he has to be in a Gulf Stream.
What is that all about?
I don't know.
Maybe he rubbed off from depot.
That could be it.
Maybe he rubbed it in his face.
Oh, seriously.
I mean, the guys got a little beautiful, young wife.
I've never seen her, but I hear she's really a beautiful lady.
Is that a little kid?
Wouldn't you think when you have to get up early in the morning
and you go to work and you're done at nine?
Wouldn't you think that would be a perfect opportunity to go home
and spend as much time as possible with your family?
Yeah, either that or sleep.
Or go home and get a nice nap and then spend some quality time.
Scream in at your family.
But no, he's out there plunge in his guts out.
There is a gambling disease at QA.
It's a very bad thing.
Very bad thing.
In fact, you know who we had a bad dose of it?
Was the weiner guy that you were talking about yesterday?
John Weiner.
What do you mean had?
You want to hear what his numbers are?
What is he on six to nine?
I don't know.
Morning, I know that.
He's done mornings.
I believe it's six to nine on Fox.
WRFX, which is supposed to be our stiff competition.
Let me tell you the great numbers.
He's got even with the help of clearance.
Six o'clock, he's got a 0.1.
He's got average quarter hours and men of 200 people.
Do you realize that you can put 200 people in my apartment
here in every room left over?
That's tragic.
Point one, then a point nine and a point eight.
He can't crack a one share.
Fifty thousand watts, middle of the dial.
Can't crack a one share and he's on the ear.
Sad.
Very sad.
But he had a bad gambler thing.
And then of course Jason.
Remember Jason with the J-shaped shirt?
Right.
All of it.
I think it's a criteria before they hire you.
God.
They just, you know how some radio stations hire people out of the office.
It's the hardest deal.
He's trying to make all these kids in like little clones of himself
and give them the numbers of the bookie.
They were carrying their cell phones,
getting calls from their bookie in the middle of shows.
They both have a claim.
They claim him.
They got here that way.
What do you mean by that?
They had it long before they came to work here.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on a AT&T Verizon wireless line.
Don't have a lady on the phone yet today.
Here it is after 11 o'clock in the morning.
We're past the halfway market to show.
Do we have a lady yet?
No.
No.
Man, dog at one.
Hank is in Louisville for the Derby.
I forgot to mention Dave Johnson.
Be sure and say hi to the Humperen.
Give him some listerine.
Three o'clock, Hank in Louisville.
Seven o'clock, it's the big, big.
Be sure and mention my name to the big old.
Because I understand he gets real nervous when you talk about me.
And then nine o'clock we have Marlins on direct again.
Because the Marlins, another one in Arizona.
Did they win or lose last night at the Marlins?
Lost.
Did they really?
Oh no, what a shame.
And there they go.
There often pacing along the insider.
What are you laughing about?
It's our good friend Marty Adler.
Windsor Raceway.
Don't you remember the name, Marty Adler called in?
No.
Yes you do.
This she's a beast that take over for it.
The one on the inside, Dr. Dye Fib.
Now electric miles up on the up.
Harness racing from Windsor Raceway.
Ever been there?
I have.
No.
I used to have race horses at Windsor Raceway.
How do you like that?
I owned horses at Windsor.
How'd you do with that?
You know how many years ago?
About 30 minutes.
That is correct.
Lost my ass.
A good time though.
Is it those were the great days?
Those were the Halcyon days.
Or is Joe Bowen said last night on Leafs TV, the Halicon days?
Come on, Joe.
Push up a little bit.
Carl H.
He did.
He said Halicon.
My good close friend, Joe Bowen.
We'd like to like to like to a Paul Romanoch.
5670560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Not too much action on the phone there today.
I don't understand what that's all about.
We're not building a pole.
Not good.
W-D-Q-I-A.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, Matt.
The phone is ringing for a long time.
Hey, real quick.
What's up?
How you doing?
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday.
I don't know what it is, but the sound on the phone sounds like crap.
It's not my phone.
It sounds like you guys.
It just sounds like you're really far away.
Here we are.
But, uh, did you see the small bill Tuesday?
Yes, I did.
Oh, you did.
Good show, but it was much to do about nothing.
Okay, it was not impressed by Tom Mullings' ass.
Oh, no.
Were you impressed?
I don't know that way, man.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, then why would you have watched it?
Why would you be watching Tom Mulling running around naked with his flaming ass?
I'm fully regained straight.
Oh, I'll probably regulate his ass.
The first time I'm on the hover.
I'm a sick, over-line.
I'm a sick, over-line.
I'm a sick, over-line.
I'm a sick, over-line.
I'm proud of Maple Leaf Gardens.
That's too happy with that non-caldor playoff game 1961.
The Red Wings and the Maple Leafs.
Yes, sir.
I'm a great bill here.
5'6'7".
See, I can put on all kinds of stuff here.
I don't need to take it.
In fact, I should start taping at real kids' serials at 8 o'clock every morning.
Just taping the audio from that.
Oh, that stuff is great.
Right.
If you had any idea how much I love that, see, there's something that you could bring down
since you won't bring that brick.
What's that?
A tape of those things.
Where's Watson who pushycat?
I can't let you make love to me with a person in the class.
I have any information.
Well, that sure wasn't Cathy Waller's, I guess wasn't.
Excellent timing.
I mean, that's where Cathy got the idea.
Oh, there's the great spaghetti dipper, the pasta pot.
You get the complete, fixed piece, bonus pot.
Have you ever seen this in a home urchelle?
No.
I bet you've been a boy, has.
Is that the one with the pot with the holes in the lid?
Right.
Oh, yeah.
That locks her.
And they start out and they show this poor bitch.
She's cooked this big pot of pasta.
And she's got her colander there in the sink.
And she just can't aim it straight.
You know, how did we cook pasta?
And she's spilling pasta all over into the sink and making them.
How did we ever do it before we got the pasta pot?
You get it all.
The eighth port, better pasta pot with the quick lock handles
and the entire bonus pasta packet.
Cody, a lot of pot going around in Canada these days,
I told you that, didn't I?
Hmm, 5'6, 7'5, 60, pound 5'60 on the AT&T.
Verizon wireless line.
How about your QA and hello?
Hi, is this me out?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, me out.
This is Nicole and Ted.
It's who?
Nicole and Ted.
We just want to tell you we're moving out of South Florida.
Where are you going, Nicole and Ted?
Can you explain that to me?
No, I missed it.
I was hoping to...
I should have where you going to, Nicole and Ted.
And the click?
That was the end of that.
Maybe the car was leaving.
5'6, 7'5, 60, pound 5'60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon...
They just called us, you folks know they're moving out of South Florida.
All right.
Three strings, Nicole and Ted.
We'll have a great life wherever you're going.
Okay, just don't come up here.
Don't come up here, whatever you do,
because everybody else is coming out.
They're back to Toronto is safe.
Everything is great.
They're buying up tickets for all the shows,
all the sporting events, like crazy.
So our guarantee of Miguel won't be coming up here anytime soon.
And certainly, George Corso won't be here, will he?
I reckon not.
And that's a damn good thing.
I got a spare pillow from Miguel if he wants to make a little trip.
I don't understand what you're laughing about again though.
That wasn't said in jest.
That was a very serious gesture of friendship.
Since he's so close to, and obviously other than being born in Chicago,
he's another one that probably has never been hardly anywhere in his life.
You think he's ever been to Vegas?
I don't know.
Let's go.
I think he's been in Boston?
No.
Don't know where he's been.
Been in Toronto?
Absolutely not.
Do you think he's ever been in Cuba?
And that you also know there's another great thing,
since he's such a professional little Cuban,
that would be great for Miguel.
He could come up here and fly direct from Toronto to Havana.
Right.
Bring back some cigars.
Bring back a whole bunch of great cigars.
You don't even have to do that.
If you come up here and buy them.
SARS and cigars.
Let me ask you something.
When you bring those back, I guess you have to declare them at customs.
You're not allowed to bring them into the United States from anywhere.
Really?
Legally, that is to say.
Are you sure?
Yes.
What people do then is they take the bands off of them,
and then just say they're generacons.
I bought them off the street in Canada.
I want to tell you something.
Cuban cigars, good ones, are so commonplace,
you can buy them in convenience stores here.
I mean, they do have some fine tobacco shops,
where you can buy, you know.
But you can buy them in convenience stores.
The good news is they ain't what they used to be.
Oh.
Ever since they started putting extra in them?
Yeah.
11, 14, and 5, 60, probably getting them from Gitmo.
Probably a lot of that is like floating upstream.
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue
or any barbecue accessories,
what are great places we want to send you to,
called Barbecue's Galore.
Gets yourself a head start on the barbecuing season
with the perfect grill accessories,
all of the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere.
Barbecue's Galore carries barbecues in every price range
from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill
to the more portable Weber charcoal grill.
Their popular three burner cook-on
has got a generous 625 square inch cooking area
and 42,000 BTUs all for one great low price.
Get it on a hardwood, a steel or enclosed grill cart
for just $399 or upgrade to the sleek black pedestal base
for just $439.
For all your barbecue needs,
at the guaranteed lowest prices on the face of the planet
on the place of your face,
don't forget shop barbecue's galore implantation
on university driving a fountain shopping center,
called 954-423-1400,
and across spring 7485 West Sample Road
at the corner sample in Rock Island,
called 954-7576668.
For the biggest and the best-like to barbecues in the country
at unbeatable prices,
this is the place Barbecue's Galore.
Find the local of these 60s,
five-seated, the radius of yours,
and the B.Q.A.M.
Holy mackerel,
this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal Guide.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Find the plan.
Emptiness Anthony said
Longetime School
Found the location to inform according to aragere by
thoroughly knowing you here you famous
Dr. William Davis,
find the hope of hyvin and safe you complaint of
Brian Coage.
You think the question is being asked or skewed a certain way? That's why you put the question mark, Anthony, because yes.
Because they're asked in a way so that if you're not supporting the war, then you're not supporting the troops.
You don't support the country, you're unpatriotic, and they've intimidated most people. They've boxed them into a corner.
I was told George before the show today, up until this war, and being here, being lucky enough to be here with my digital cable and CBC and the BBC, up until now, as much as I knew the meat had distorted and was full of crap,
I never realized the extent to which the American media are just a bunch of propaganda when they feel like it.
Of course, when bubble was having a penis skate going on, then they were a bunch of moralists pointing the finger, you know.
Once Miss Grudge, you're whipped out her blue dress.
This other fact, you sent me as a page from the program at Mohawk Raceway here in Toronto.
Oh, somebody factored, I don't know why. Probably my friend Ian Framowitz, who owns race horses a whole bunch of them.
And he's got a horse circle here, but I'm not going to tell you that any of the horse are what racists in because I just I'm just I'm waiting to see.
Yeah, you know what I mean? Maybe it's a 10 right.
I don't want to put it on here. I don't want to knock his price down to one to five.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. We're doing some horse racing stuff here.
And line Camelina Dan Johnson. See there he goes. There's the field for the 10th race at Windsor Raceway with the great Marty Adler.
5 6 7 0 5 60 is my last punch on the phones here because there's not much going on.
And we have a lady. Well, we had that one woman with her Ted and what was your name right?
That's you. Whatever. Leave in town. Come to Teddy with even town. Click.
Okay. See you. WQ I am. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Or yeah, okay. Meal. Yes, I am. How are you? Let me say it again. Okay. Okay.
I'm here. The results of your poll yesterday. Where where Joe's end up?
Where did who was the end up? Joe's. Joe's. Let me see if I saved that or not. Did we save that George?
No, I mean, huh? They were they were down there. They were like fourth. I think they were number four.
Well, they should have a number one. I have a story about Joe's if you got a second. Go ahead.
I came from Atlanta. I heard it. Wait a minute. Here it is.
Little of Anna 332. Dave County 179. Saw Grest Mills mall 137. Swap shop on or six. And Joe's was fifth with 97.
Only 97. Go ahead. About not. I don't know. 15, 18 years ago, 20 years ago, whatever. I was assigned to take a client.
I'll pick him up at the airport and take him to Joe's. That's where he wanted to go. And so we went over there.
And the only time I'd ever been to the place and they told us it would be an hour and a half wait minimum.
So we sat there for about 20 minutes and I finally asked the guy I said, look man, I said, you really obsessed about this place?
You really want to wait an hour and a half for dinner or you want the best hamburger in the world.
And he was like, well, okay. And the guy was really reluctant. So I drove over to, uh,
uh, uh, right. The bar with the number one license in Florida.
The bar with the number one license in Florida. Yeah. Um, not crime. I can't think of the name of it. Yeah. Anyway,
um, took him over there and a hamburger and a beer. And the guy was so happy he couldn't believe it.
And we got away for 20 bucks instead of 200. There you go. Nice going man. Good choice. All right, man. Thanks.
You know the bar he's talking about. Don't you with the best. Oh, yeah. That make it one license.
I know. I know some bars for the number two license.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I think they're a little off their feet and stuff for today. That's okay. We're going to make up for it.
Got a lot of great races here from Windsor Raceway. Got a tip on a racit mohawk tonight.
What more could you want? Huh? Life is sweet. I'm going to head for that dilly that I was taken to on Saturday and see if it's really as bad as I thought it was.
See if the table was really that small. See if the ambiance was really that bad and see if they really do have any teeth floating in those little plastic cups.
WQ I am. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, deal. How you doing? Great. How you doing? Good. The guy was talking about tobacco roads. Oh, yeah. They have freaking food there.
They're cheap and good on me on. And a lot cheaper than Joe's man. Absolutely. You won't get crabby at the tobacco road. And yes, and that too.
Okay, thanks. Thank you. Speaking of crabs, I know I've told this many, many times. I don't think they're probably there anymore by IOD on the causeway.
Crab house. Captain crabs, crab house. I think they have a lot of crabby places around there. Oh, now maybe it's just me. Okay. Because I can't take butter.
I mean, I like butter, but like I used to tell you about food. Rockers right where they would butter the bun. I love
fun rockers because they got that nifty and melted cheese and all kinds of good stuff. But every time I would eat a
food. Oh, God, I haven't eaten there in years because I just can't take butter. You know, and like it
was crisp and they have a broil it and butter and I would know I can't take too much butter. Yeah, it shoots right out my ass.
Okay, that's enough. See what I'm saying? Yeah. Now, what was I talking about before I said fun rockers? Oh, they are crab plays. Yeah. Oh, I
would get such a sick headache when I would go in there in addition to which you got to go through. They give it a little mallet. You know.
Oh, yeah, even on guiding light they never saw mallet like that. Speaking of guiding light, man, is that show getting good or what?
Wow. Luckily, I get to see the three o'clock here and I'm seeing the one for the next day just like I see passions a day ahead.
On a Buffalo CBS affiliate, they have the next days from what you see in soft floor to 10 in the morning or whatever it's
on. How about that new Shane, by the way, rectum. All you ladies out there and others.
I'm speaking since we're talking about great looking nothing. Oh, I guess who else is back on another soap opera? See one thing about soap opera actors and actresses,
they move around from one to another, right? And Billy, the one I used to play Billy on guiding light, the kind of swishy looking one.
He's on some other show now and the kid I used to play, Zach, not big fat Zach that you're thinking of, but the angel on guiding light years ago,
back when I had the J and Zach back when it's always like enough to get some of us right up close to the screen. He's back on that.
And he's got a young and a horny. In fact, I think he's going to do it with what's his name that Dan Stewart was all excited about. Oh, we're fine.
Josh, he was just Josh and I guess Josh moral. No, right after that, Josh got married and he had a kid and all of a sudden I think he did that just
a protest when Dan Stewart was trying to say those things. Remember that? I thought he was talking about somebody else.
Josh moral who plays Nick. No, I understand that that's who you are. But I thought Dan was telling stories about Jack Wagner. What are those? Oh, he was. That was another thing.
So why did you have to bring that up again? Oh, I'm sorry. 27 past 11 and 560 WQM if you guys out there have a big glaring ugly one bald spot.
We're talking about a big shiny oozing mirror on the top of your head. Here's the answer. Get some real here. Now some guys want to petal you some of the silliest looking crap.
Very expensive stuff to I should point out. People just lie after why would you want to waste the money? Some guys want to have you drill holes in the head.
So every time your blood pressure goes up a little you can have like a half a gallon dripping down your forehead. In fact, when you get those holes in it, you have to have like a dipstick at all time to make sure if you down a court or a point.
Get yourself some great looking here. The natural hairline system from our close personal buddy Charles Alfieery for over 25 years now has been helping the famous and the infamous and everybody in between look their best because the natural hairline system is as good as it gets.
It looks like real hair grown out of your scalp as opposed to some grotesque barnyard animal hopped up off a tree and discol on your head. You know what I mean mo?
So get yourself some real hair back. You got nothing loose but the bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 38 guarantee. If after a month you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
You're not getting late at least 15, 20, 30 times a day. Charlie give you a full refund. Be sure and mention you when you call because it'll give you an extra $200 discount off the regular already low price.
The Charles Alfieery natural hairline. It's the best in the world called tool free 1-800-321-2413 and check it out 1-800-321-2413.
Or log onto their website at Charles Alfieery.com.
We're supposed to reunify 6-8-7-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7-8-7
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
A-stello knot, it says, and Keeme Raken in Formula One. He's finished. So, there you go. There's some choices by some wannabe fact. Got some good names on the list. Taylor Pye. This must be like even a real hockey fan. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Fly. WQAM, hello.
Oh, they're dealing with it. They're fiddling with it. Maybe they're on the way out of town too. What do you think? WQAM, hello.
Yeah, guys, take the meal. Speaking.
I was from one of the famous municipalities here in the area. Yes sir.
One of the corrupt ones. Yeah. And I just wanted to form you. I read the new times. I mean, I'm not religiously, but I read it quite often.
It's pretty funny how this month, this week, it's got two stories in there about good old boys from Halea.
And I had to go way out into Miami Springs to find a copy. It's really mysterious how every single copy,
every new time stand here, down 49th Street, down A.E.A. Street.
It's really fun. It's real fun, huh? It must be just the coincidence, huh?
Yeah. All right, neatly. Hey, nice talking to you.
Okay, thanks. What do you say? He said all the people at Halea disappeared.
Halea disappeared from the app he said. And man, we're going to have a guy at the party all the way up here. We're going to celebrate.
Well, here's the middle line.
I want to invite he's done reggie kicks out the plugs on the outside of buying the pressure.
He liked that he pulled off the plugs. He's talking about Mo from the bag, I guess. Watch out, Gellie. He pulled a plug out.
He must be having an oil change WQAM. Yes, sir.
What does that mean? Yeah, you cut off all your listeners. Yeah, like you.
I caught off anybody who ain't got nothing to say. That's it. That's all okay.
Including you, which you had nothing to say. We have an entertainment show here. We don't have freedom of speech.
This isn't the United States Congress. This isn't standing out on a street corner. This is a radio show with entertainment.
Okay, smock. Get lost. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Let's call and make some little cheap shot at the host. Let's go there. Call them a name.
Let's call it a cut off all the call. It's like a bunch of little overgrown children, man.
Like some of the people there are QA men inside the building. Oh, we got a quarantine to Queen when it comes back from Toronto.
Because you got to bring back the Zs. Yeah, right. And rap is heading this queen. Yeah.
Not this queen. WQAM. Hello.
Daniel. Yes, sir.
Question for you. I don't expect you to have the answer, but maybe I'm not.
I want to go out on Sunday and support the Dixie chicks. Yeah, not that I'm a big fan or anything like that.
But just because just to stick up from a little bit. Well, with all with all the respect, I mean, you do whatever you want.
But I don't think they need your support in spite of all the crap that's going on and all the rallies, the anti-Dixie chick nonsense.
They're getting so much publicity now. They're going to make more money than God's little reenakers.
Yeah, you think I think there's a lot of FTC to a lot of these red necks that wouldn't otherwise gone.
They'll, you know, they'll forfeit their money. They just want you up to be a lot of empty seats. I'm just thinking maybe go.
Yeah, but they already got their money. That's true. They got their money. That is true.
But if anybody out there knows if there's an opening act or not, because I'm going to, I'd like to go.
My wife, I'm going to plunk the money down, but I can only be there late. So if anybody knows, just.
No, I'm out for a pound. Okay. Thanks. Okay.
By the way, George, what are we doing on that next break?
I don't know. What do you remember? What's the plug in there?
You remember Muff was going to come back and be very helpful and do this and do that.
Did you know anything? He's giving me some stuff to plug in. I've sent trades.
So I'm giving you some crap. Yes. Some crap.
Oh, now what is this that you're saying? Political strikes. What is this?
It's from a what's it all be?
Liberal talk radio on the internet. Listen to liberal talk radio hosts over your computer.
And I'm on here. Look at that. The only problem is they're listing these 60 to 10 a.m. WQ a.m.
What kind of a moron put this thing together? Huh?
Although maybe this is this is a West coasting.
So that would be right. I don't know.
Like I said, somebody really intelligent put this together. We appreciate it.
60 to 10 a.m. So in other words, I'm doing a morning show on a West Coast. Excellent. Right? Right.
Right. Right.
Every telepharaoh is on KGO KG.
Oh, overnight.
And six to 10 a.m. on a West Coast, meaning nine to one on the East Coast.
The New Rogers WQ M6 10. Excellent. And that's it.
But it must be more of this right? Oh, here's some more. Thank goodness.
Pete Warby. Who? Pete Warby. Laura Flanders. Mike Maloy.
Randy Rothes is listed on here. WDJNO. The goddess.
Ms. Terry, whoever she is.
Peter Warby, J. Love. Mike Maloy and Bernie Ward.
How do you like that? Oh, look at this. Here's a great facts.
Since Ms. Drudge was so concerned with Clinton's personal life,
why can't we look into hers? Right. Excellent. What's under that hat? Huh?
Oh.
One thing is certain. I know she had a pay for it because nobody would do her for free.
I love Lynn Samuels, but please just associate yourself from that self-hating trash.
I'm with you. That's what I keep trying to tell our cantellar who to associate with.
I can't imagine now anybody who's a liberal,
even a moderate, reasonable person could associate with a self-hating fruit fly like Ms. Grudge,
but to reach its own. Okay. Some people are in denial.
I just can't buy that and all the harm and the abuse and the lies and the bull crap.
See what he has become? He picked up where David Brock left off.
I guess maybe it was after he sent him the roses or the pansies or whatever.
When David Brock finally saw the light of day and realized how he was being used and manipulated,
making up all those stories and lies about the Clintons and all this bull crap.
And he finally got away from that crap and wrote that book.
Now Ms. Grudge moves in there wanting to be Walter Winchell and Lawella Parsons.
I think more like Lawella.
And maybe a little Liz Smith.
It said during the Clinton impeachment all the right wingers like Ms. Grudge were saying
it's not the sex it's that he lied.
Didn't bush live our weapons of mass destruction?
Oh, about so many things.
Why have you wasted your time with it? Consider the source.
And I think we had the other day about Richard Melon's scape.
Oh, that was beautiful. I'm saving that one.
We're on to Ms. Grudge. Okay, you're not fooling anybody.
You might be fooling our mutual girlfriend there in New York, but you're not fooling this kid.
Okay. He's Alice Rantell.
And who's that other one? Andrew Sullivan and Roy Cohen and Jay Gaye,
who were in Joe McCarthy all wrapped into one.
That's Ms. Grudge.
Oh, but he's got 50 billion hits on his website.
Have you ever really looked at his website?
Yeah, what's?
You know what 90% of it is? 95% of it.
Cut links.
Right.
I'll guarantee you right now.
And of course, one little market here.
We're doing a quarter of a million hits a day.
If we run in 50 states like he is.
If we run in 10 states and major markets, we'd have over a million hits every day too.
We'd have like five minutes.
And we'd have like, three minutes a day, and he's got 50 billion.
But what is that proof?
Our website on our worst day, which we don't have any bad days of being a boy,
but on our worst day is 50,000 times more interesting, entertaining, and informative
than that piece of crap because they're like maybe a half a dozen headlines from stories.
And then there's like links.
And I notice since he's such good buddies with our mutual friend Lynn,
I don't see her website no link to there.
Even though she's got one to him.
And we've got one to him.
I don't see us getting mentioned on there.
How do you like that?
I just mentioned that in passing.
Links.
Anybody can make a website and put 50,000 links on there is that, what does that mean?
Everybody has.
You know what?
He's like the rascal house and like the Jo Stone crabs of the Internet.
No, seriously, it's a state of mind.
It's a state of mind.
Lot of hype.
Lot of right wing hype.
But you keep going, Lewella.
You go, girl.
1143 at 560 WQM.
Your mom's always been for us.
So this mother's day, she deserves the softest gift for the hardest job.
This year, pamper her with pajama gram.
She'll receive the most luxurious pajamas along with free lavender bath tea, a gift card,
and a do not disturb sign all delivered in a keepsake hand box.
The set of pajama gram gift shop online at pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GIV-PJs
and they'll help you choose the perfect pair.
They have brands she knows and loves like Nick and Korra, Crab Tree and Evelyn and Naturi,
made from premium fabrics like Egyptian cotton and fine sals and sizes to fit any mom.
Plus they've got gowns and robes, slippers and great spa products too.
Setting a pajama gram is a creative way to tank her in.
It's delivered right to her dough.
She'll love it. It's a gift.
You know she's going to be using.
This is a sister company of her Montenegro University and her contrast to their quality aunt on time delivery too.
So this mother's day, send mom the softest gift for the hardest job.
And we all know what the hardest job is.
Just visit pajamagram.com or call 1-800-GIV-PJs.
That's pajamagram.com.
It's home that old Neil turned you on to us.
She's my normal.
Because it's horse wedding.
Oh, my God.
You way, yeah.
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
I think my husband is crying.
Father and mother is burning right through my role.
I'm in fact this.
Push, push, push.
Why do you send my category on Maya?
If the place is blaming, I don't know which way to go.
These explosions burning poppers,
Thanks to drugs and realness like mother,
it's like the fact that this guy is burning musts.
Just to push, to put the burning musts,
I'm in the fire.
I'm in the fire.
I'm in the fire.
146.
F-60WQM.
This is great.
Were you just emailed me?
The Asus Bades, baby, from that Decker criminals.
Here's George W.
I emailed at this morning.
Greenpeace put that deck out.
And normally I have a lot of mixed feelings about that.
I love that.
But I will just, I just seen it.
I thought maybe we were going to email more pictures
from contestants as they come in.
For our hot couple of contest.
Here with that, okay, it officially starts today.
The hot couple of contest.
You might win yourself a three day two night stand of a homies,
including Airfare.
Does that mean that we're going to like put the pull up your ass?
Yes.
A red hot poker.
Remember the one in, what was that movie with Robbie Benson?
The basketball movie?
Oh, God.
Diary.
One on one.
One on one.
I know my Robbie Benson movies, Mr.
What was that one where he was spanking at Little Monkey?
George W.
I think that was an old Diabilly Joe.
George W.
Boyth Presley has states American possessor of approximately 10,600 nuclear weapons
inside the NFT.
Look at that.
NPT.
What is that?
No.
So, anyway, there it is.
And it's, so I say there it is.
They're not going to see it.
They will.
It'll be on the shortly.
On our website.
See how you like that, Miss Grigia.
We're putting really interesting and provocative stuff on it.
It was supposed to just like a black and white page with a bunch of links on it.
Man, is that what is on most head too?
He's got links on his head.
Links with a why.
Frank and Melaborin says, heard you talking about Jerry Williams passing away from Boston group listening to Jerry.
Got hooked on talk radio because of the hours I spent listening to him and all the callers.
Used to listen to on a crystal radio as a child.
I was in South Florida in the 80s driving back to Boston searching the A&Band for something to listen to and thought I heard a familiar voice.
I tuned back and heard Jerry's voice and recognized it instantly.
It was great to hear his voice once again and stayed tuned as far as the signal would go.
Grabbing North.
WNWS.
WS News.
Your right, Jerry was well-known in the Boston area.
He gets some real idiots calling it an argument.
He reminds me of you and some of your callers.
Guess that's why I listen to you, says Frank.
So long, Jerry and Neil.
Thanks for bringing back the memories and thank you for years of entertainment.
And being the sole voice of reason I'm Florida AM radio.
Absolutely correct.
Thanks for the look, John Frank.
Let's see, John and Miami has an attached bedtime story.
Americans have good reason to be afraid of their leaders.
It says by Barbara Sumner Burston, who is Burston at the seams with information.
Not a bad story at all.
Really?
Yeah.
Should I read it?
Yeah.
Like, how are we to cool?
How do you like that?
And then we'll see where we go from there.
Freed from the oppression of their dictator, Iraqis are now free to complain.
From tens of thousands of marchers chanting down, down USA, don't stay, go away.
To individuals spitting at soldiers, Iraqis are flexing a muscle that paradoxically had atrophied
under Saddam Hussein.
Their muscle is bulging again.
But now here's an irony that nobody expected.
Back in America, complaining about America is the one thing that's pretty much disappeared,
lost under the weight of a collective patriotism and increasing constitutional limitations.
Voicing any sort of anti-war opinion is just not done anymore, and a number of organizations have sprung up with the
expressed purpose of blacklisting celebrities who speak out.
Susan Sermandon is obviously on the list.
She's quoted as saying she doesn't remember ever being in a climate where people were too afraid we've
been able to conversation about an issue let alone a debate.
But then in America, uttering any threatening remark about the president is illegal and likely to land you in jail.
writer Jonathan Friedland looking at America's history of tolerance and diversity, tolerance and diversity,
said in the Guardian that the country was turning into a very un-American America where the limits of acceptable
discussion have narrowed sharply in anyone commenting negatively on the war or the president is denounced as unpatriotic.
It shouldn't call us a surprise, a quick reading of the 2001 pay-puit act formed in the dark hours after 9-11, clearly shows
it's all part of a bigger plan under the guise of security, the act allowed all kinds of incursions into private life.
Some like the right to track organizations suspected of funding terrorists, made sense in light of the attacks,
others like the right to seize library lending records or the recruitment of post-these pizza delivery guys and local shopkeepers into a national network of
informers did seem draconian.
But it turns out it was not enough.
This is an in New Zealand, Harold, by the way. New Zealand.
But it turns out it wasn't enough sweeping new amendments to the bill have been drawn off the paid redact to or is the Bravewood habit,
the Liberty for Security Act was leaked to the present February and in its present for makes for scary reading.
It allows for things like random arrest, secret military tribunals for presidential, uh,
presidential designated terrorists and concealment of presidential records.
It even proposes reversing a federal court decision authorizing the release of the names of the hundreds of people still detained without
representation in the dragnet following the 9-11 attacks.
Perhaps you believe that if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear?
The Lawyers Committee for Human Rights warns that for the first time in US history the act will explicitly authorize secret arrests not to mention sneak and peak searches.
That cute term means federal agents can enter your home, download your computer and internet viewing history,
take your private business records and any other material including confidential library and bookstore records without telling you,
without proof of probable cause, or without getting a court order.
And the best part, the legislation does not restrict searches to people suspected being involved in terrorism.
It gets worse.
The act not only increases government power while decreasing checks on its invasive power if passed and looks likely,
the government will be able to sample and catalog genetic information without a court order or your consent.
The act also broadens the term terrorists to include anyone with views that differ from the government.
Oh, oh, oh, tell Miguel, don't worry about my coming back.
Okay.
And it says, for getting a whistleblower, that said to become illegal even if your motive is to protect the public from corporate wrongdoing or government neglect.
But then to whistleblow you need access to information.
Under PPDAQ2 information such as the environmental safety of local factories will be off limits and you won't be able to contribute to meaningful dialogue on the future such resources as forests that constitutes belonging to a special interest group.
In addition, if you don't like a secret decision made by government organization, say clear, felling ancient Sequoia trees,
you have no right to appeal and even the press will be barred from publishing contentious information.
Feeling a tingle in your spine yet? Richard Woods, the head of our own spy service in New Zealand, the SIS, wouldn't comment.
Even as receptionist Mary, I don't give my second name, would not comment on questions about New Zealand's response to PPDAQ2.
But in comparison to the US draft, the proposed amendments to our own 2002 terrorism suppression act are puny procedures like we require a court warrant to use electronic tracking devices.
So for now, while Americans are waking up to a world where if you're not for your government, you're a traitor, New Zealanders are safe from the tyranny of an apparently unfettered government.
America is changing and it's changing fast and that raises an opposite question.
What is opposite?
Donut.
It raises a question.
Are we tucked away in our comfortable corner of the world up with their plane if so how do we intend to respond to it?
This is written in a column in New Zealand, the hero, we got them quaken.
Yeah, how do you like that?
The world's getting real nervous, the spread of fascism, that's the term not used in this column, but that's exactly the term fascism.
Not creeping, but smothering, spreading.
And anybody who signs out of that man, just like I said during the war about people having blood on their hands, anybody who go steps along with this man, put on a uniform and a hip boots and do your sigile, because that's what it's all about.
Pathetic.
How's that pool coming to you if the next presidential election was being held today? Who would you vote for?
Probably got 484, 184 votes.
Bob Graham, 131.
Jesse Ventura, 87.
George W. Bush, 85, that's 17.5%. Hillary Clinton, 57.
John Kerry, who looks kind of scary, 37. Howard Dean, 31.
What about Alan Burke, he was the Dean.
Dick Hiphart, 14, Al Sharpton, 14. Ralph Nader, 13. John Edwards, 9.
And Julie Lieberman is sucking wind in last place. He's got six. Only six for Julie Lieberman.
Remember when he was supposed to be the front runner a few months ago?
Yeah. And that point I said, why don't we just disband the Democratic Party and make no mistake about it because this is one show where you won't hear anybody tell you how great the Democrats are or the Republicans. They both suck.
The Democrats are just less malicious and less scary. They're the buffer, but man, you've seen the way that they do. You talk about intimidation.
They've just kind of like see back into the woodwork now.
And with a rare exception like swillery and a couple of others, they are mum. They got an unassay.
Scared Schmidtless. I'm infectious.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. WDQAM. Hello.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, I was trying to get some information on Goldie's golf tournament. Give a number. I can call it.
No, I don't, but call her in the morning when they're on. That's probably a good time to get it and get a new phone too. Goldie's a surety golf tournament, which is a good thing he does, but we have no idea what the number is, but probably a real good time to get the information.
Like I said, between 69 and a morning would be excellent, right? Right. Speak to Robert Greeper or the creeper or a Zach with his attack.
One of those guys. We don't know nothing. WQAM. Yes, sir. WQAM.
Hola.
Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Did we ever find this the the anthrax murderer? No, we did not. And you know, it's US government weapons, gray, and it isn't an interesting coincidence that Tom Dashel got the letter and there were like, you know, of course, the people of that were also about the letter.
I guess that was to send them a message like Joey Zazal was going to send the message and there were like no conservatives got those envelopes. That's pretty interesting.
Yes, and especially when those conservatives when they want to go on and on about the liberal media, Dan Rather and Tom Brogard, the first two names to their lips.
And that's a very interesting thing that's happened there. And Leahy, he's on the the that's right Patrick Leahy got one too. That is correct. That's right. And essentially and of course, when we're talking about the postal workers, the God if we're talking about essentially a Democrat liberal supporting union. And nothing was done about that.
Well, now you're stretching. No, no, I'm just saying that they did were just collateral damage. Yes, I understand. I'm nothing that they were directed, but there wasn't much in the bottom line is they still haven't found anything.
They still have that person of interest that they're trying to crucify that ascroft has been trying to nail the wall, but they still haven't arrested anybody for it. They're nowhere closer to finding out about the anthrax than they were in the beginning if they don't really know the answer. And secondly, we haven't found Osama and we haven't found Sodom and we haven't done squat.
But we got this deck of cards, baby. Yeah, yes, just indicating what did you know that the bush handed out to the families of the soldiers that had died when he was doing one of his friendly crowd military crowd parades.
He presented to the families of the dead troops that were there at his celebration last week. Each a deck of cards. And I thought that what are what an amazing metaphor that is to hand to the family the grieving families.
How much class year can you get them that you have to indicate that this is like hand them a game card set of game cards. Oh, Rachel, thank you for everything that you're doing.
Appreciate it.
Hey, and there, paly. See you at the border.
1158, 2 minutes till the 560 WQM. We got the man dog at one. Hank in Louisville for the Derby. 3 to 7 to 7 to 9. The big.
Oh, 7 and 94 Marlon baseball. You know, Mother's Day is coming up just a week and a half away. So it's a perfect time to repay mom who spent so many nights during her lifetime waiting for you to come home from those light.
You know, I'm not even that excursions during your younger wilder days like maybe a week or two ago.
Donald Macris has got the perfect mattress for mom. If it's sagging lumpy, just worn out and pick up the phone and call Donald Macris tool free at 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
That's the number for Donald Macris. And I've used him many times. George has used him even Miguel who used to be a pretty good guy. He's used him too. And he screw in his brains out on that thing. And the mattress too.
They got the complete line assert a silly king Corlan Simmons to choose from so don't put it off any longer. Nothing's got a bigger impact on life on the way you feel it.
We did in a great night sleeps to do the same for mom and don't forget Donald Macris has got more repeat referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right.
And I promise you I guarantee most life on it once you buy Mattris and Madam actress you'll never go back to wasting gas time and money, shopping in an expensive showroom again.
And when you buy that mattress and Madam actress keep in mind they set up the new one and take away the crappy old vetting for free.
Let me say it again. Madam actress sets up the new and takes away the swirl nasty old vetting for free.
So this mother's day have mommy sleeping like a baby on her new bed from Madam actress gives certificates available to an all the nominations.
Call right now 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. The intelligent to easy way to get you a great night's sleep.
Find and local your sports radio 560-C-U-A-M.
I'm from O'Elia and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near roe hey, communist hour.
Take high and cool!
Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go that blow away gonna you look like you can go too just puke gosh sing
like that, when someone is waiting there like um i don't think it's okay to go as u
reading something before and you came across NPF and didn't know what that meant. I think it means
nuclear proliferation treaty. Okay that's on that the ASUS page on that deck of cards. Oh yeah I
think that's what that refers to. Okay thank you. Well I'm done. Okay you're done. He's done.
Yeah I didn't even read him or read dot column. She had a column it's on her website but not one
of the all-time greats right in bother reading it. So now other people are. Well of course when
they're from New Zealand you know they just be kind of funny hey. Well they do they had they're
like more Brit than they used to be part of that British Empire Australia and New Zealand in fact
the old and thing was the British Empire. Look what it did for them. All you people that are all
excited about this great American imperialism be careful what you wish for remember somebody
wrote a column about that the other day. We didn't have the balls to say what he was really talking
about. Right little Tommy. And little Tommy maybe you want to look at that obituary Jere Williams. He
used to work at WNW West he was very popular in the South Florida market. Maybe you want to check
that out but I doubt it. Lazy Tommy. WNQA and Hello. You remember a few years ago when
WNQA and Hello. Yeah. Yeah sir. What's that? Turn that radio off sir. Yeah those are the two cards
are jokers. Yeah.
The thing you got it all out. No I think he's still going. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
in Verizon Wireless Line. You know what the president said. That's exactly what he said. WNQA
WNQA and Hello. WNQA and Hello. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes sir.
WNQA and Hello. I never guess I just ran into smoking fangs at in front of the courthouse.
Who's that? Norma Kid. Joy Julian. Yes sir. Joy Julian.
Yes. Joy Julian. Yes sir. What's that? And what's that? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
where are you interpreting these calls to anyone? No idea what any of these people.
My and Lowell. This is 420 5 60.
I'm in Texas.
and
recreation i
treat

I'm over the smarster, the food girl wants to be a media home for girls and on top
with her.
You want power?
Only Slady is what I'll give you.
She's got a book to read about slandering.
Nobody knows more about slanderin' out with a big scoop about anyone to the left
of Mangala, such a good Christian girl, you wanna strangle her.
Pontificating who she's eating, political pondit, pontificating, strong ponds of law and
masturbating.
A Republican's canky home.
She's a better relishim, old, faking liberal, a dirty word, you know, in a many skirt
showin' Cameldo.
And culture knows what they can be, in a many skirt that spells fishy.
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large rarer with a fat galley up to be
like your drug stallor.
If you got some money, she'll spread those legs with a cigarette and a charge of
name and culture and culture, political pondit, the manager of the right here at PCLate.
From 18, did you know that Anne Colder and Miss Grudger, the same person?
No, I didn't.
That would explain a lot.
I mean, sometimes they're unradio-together, but he's just doin' both voices, but you
never see the two-month TV together.
It's the same person.
Similar wardrobe, she's got the better hat.
550 votes on the poll if we have another presidential election right now and we're hoping that we
do have another one.
You never know.
Who'd you vote for?
5 gram 144.
Just event your 98.
Fiora's W. Bush 98, 17.8%.
Hillary Clinton 65, John Kerry 47, Howard Dean 35, Al Sharpton 18, Dick Kevhart 15,
Ralph Nader 14, John Edwards 10, and Julie Berman only 6.
Now I notice you've got two more entries for our contest for the Hot Couples contest.
Yes, as you mentioned it, I wasn't looked at low and behold.
Low and behold and you did the passam along.
Now I know which one you're voting for.
So far.
Let's see if they can beat that one.
Oh, yeah.
I know which one you're just voting for and probably a beener boy too.
Wow.
Talk about a couple of gigantic boobies, man.
Outstanding.
Wow.
And the other couple is kind of interesting looking.
They're cute.
Yeah.
Okay.
Like I said, they can't compete in your book.
Look at those things, man.
They're kind of like smiling right back at you, you know?
So keep those pictures coming.
You've got two weeks today until the 15th, right to enter.
Right.
Trying to figure out how this thing was right before beener boy, screwed with the rules
on it.
15th through the 22nd, the pictures will be up there on our website and then you can
vote.
And then the winner gets a three day two night stay for two with the Royal Oasis resort
and casino into Bahamas with round trip airfare on Lake Arir and runner up gets dinner
for two at the pizza lot.
And don't panic now because the winner of the contest will have, don't worry, I have
nothing to do with Bob Lincoln, okay?
Well, I just mentioned that because we might have some people went to Vegas with us
years ago and I don't want them thick and you know, conjuring up visions of sugar plums
like what happened on those trips.
Wow.
You know what happened on those trips?
They all had a good time, one and all in spite of everything.
Wow.
Only 30 years of my life.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
WQAM, hello.
Everything's because they're really.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I really didn't have to swap it to Neal.
I wanted to find out.
You just had a commercial about notorious.
Yeah.
And I tried to copy the number down and I couldn't get it.
Could you give it to me quick or is it possible?
You got the number there, being a boy?
No.
I know you don't.
Hang on a second, okay?
Let's go to the front office or something.
I beg your pardon?
I'll give them the number to the front office or something.
Yeah, take care of him, okay?
He must have pictured eyes one of our fine sponsors.
And since we have so few, at least on issue anyway, well, I tell you that there's something
going on here today.
Really, really makes you scratch your ass and wonder.
Started out with all this business about what, you know, we're really concerned we're having meetings
now about whether the queen needs to be quarantined when he comes back from Toronto.
Yeah.
I think there's a connection between that and the spots.
Maybe they think they'll get SARS if they sell the show.
Mm-hmm.
I got a news for him.
Most of the people in our sales department, SARS would be an upgrade for most of them.
From whatever they got.
WQA, I'm Hello.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hello, it's Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was wondering.
Could you, I'm wondering about, I can't hear you speak up.
Okay, I'm looking out there.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was wondering.
No, let me ask you a question.
How old are you?
I'm 63.
63.
Yes.
Come on.
You're 63 like Mo, how are you, David?
63.
No, I'm 63.
You sound about 83.
Are you sure?
63 years old, I am.
Okay, what year were you born?
I was born in 1938.
Okay, just checking.
Okay, I was going to ask you about something.
You still sound too old, I don't want to talk to you.
Then he's sound too old.
Oh, ancient.
Sounds, I mean, I'm 60 and this guy's 63.
He must have lived a really rough life.
Too old, man.
Michigan man, Susan McDonald's after fighting chewing gum in his salad.
Detroit.
A man is chewing fast food giant McDonald's after allegedly biting into a piece of already chewed gum in his salad.
In a lawsuit filed in Wayne County Circuit Court, Joseph Taylor says the February 26th incident is caused in mental anguish,
humiliation, embarrassment and pain and suffering and loss of appetite.
He has sought medical attention according to the lawsuit.
Taylor also said he fears he may have contracted AIDS or hepatitis that is heard free press reporter Wednesday.
I wonder if he's related to George Corso McGell or both, okay?
How do you get AIDS or hepatitis by chewing on some used chewing gum?
Huh, that's pretty interesting.
The assistant managed to the restaurant.
I'm at Kumar said McDonald's insurance company is handling the lawsuit.
The lawsuit stayed Taylor was eating a salad on McDonald's on Wayne State University campus in Detroit.
We discovered a foreign object in his mouth that had already been chewed on by somebody else.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Have we all, we've all had foreign objects in our mouth that have been chewed on by somebody else, have we?
You have.
No.
He is seeking damages more than $25,000 and I guarantee you so have you.
You're just saying about different objects, man.
I've never had a foreign object.
Wrong.
Look at that picture again, okay?
Oh, hell.
Yeah, well, wow.
56670560.
The only thing.
The only thing.
The only thing.
The only thing.
I never had no foreigners.
Yeah.
You, oh, that's right.
I'm the foreign object.
How about in Montana?
Sorry, everybody's a foreigner to you.
They're all domestic.
All Americans are foreigners to you.
Let me tell you right now, you risk cold as ice.
W.Q.A.M. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was having lunch today.
Restaurant order remained nameless.
The famous for the cheesecake.
I found a youth bandaid in my salad.
Yeah.
And that story just told absolutely funny horror fighting excuse my ass.
I would say that for next time.
You know, like maybe in case you cut your lip or something.
I'm a broken glass.
Neil, I just moved to Delray.
I never understood what you were talking about with the old people in Delray.
Oh, yeah.
I, yeah.
That that that that you have with sitting on a bench in Delray.
Mm-hmm.
They actually renamed backing into a park car in Delray.
I've been backed into three times.
I've been here in the last two months.
I cannot believe the people here.
There's a plaza called Oreo plaza out there on the Atlantic out of the close this time.
Like if you don't have life insurance before you pull them that place,
you are absolutely out of your mind.
There are 14,000 older must every tire is.
Three of them are going 50 miles an hour.
Okay.
Thanks for the info, pal.
Thank you.
He tells us that the old people are driving slow in South Florida.
I want to be rude or cut you off.
But man, terminal, I was ready to go into a coma.
Weren't you?
Well, Pokemon and Rams carlos.
Now, let me say this to you.
Okay.
I don't really think we need to do, I know, four breaks this hour.
Right.
Oh, man.
In fact, we would have played our cards right.
I could have, well, you know, you don't really is pissing me off.
You're emailing me stuff.
Other people are emailing me stuff.
And I don't have time to even go on there and download stuff because every time I fart,
the break is over already.
We never had a log like this except maybe way back like Christmas time after Christmas.
Yes, Mr. very bizarre times, you know, at the end of an advertising cycle.
Mm hmm.
God.
I have never seen for another break right now.
That's what I just said.
So no problem.
Two breaks.
Two breaks.
How are we going to do?
You mean two more breaks.
Right.
See, there he goes again.
You know, we even had it on the podium that I saw a gaslight.
Okay.
Keep reminding Georgia that I saw that movie.
So it's not going to work.
In addition to which I'm a little not quite as much as Ingrid Bergman.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line.
QAAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was a second government on the graph.
You know.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hopefully that plane that the president found today.
Hopefully.
WQAM, hello.
John Bond.
Hmm.
A run.
We got a run, man.
You ever have the run?
That's what we got.
We got a run on the phone.
WQAM.
QAAM.
QAAM.
Hello.
BVLY.
How much is the most happy?
WQAM, hello.
Okay.
Like I said, that's the end of the calls for today.
I was just checking to make sure that we're absolutely out of material.
Because I'm not.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I'm just telling you.
I hear he's less to fill in.
It takes great.
It takes great.
28 past noon at 5.60 W.D.C.M.
28 past noon at 5.60 W.D.C.M.
So we'll do one now and we'll like it about...
one of we feel like it.
Quarter row.
Good.
Now let's get muffered somebody on the story here on the case
and see what that was going on here with us.
Because if we have another log like this tomorrow...
Because if we have another log like this tomorrow...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
So in other words, you must add some information.
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
Supposedly we won't...
You'll find them in 134-1 Soft Dixie Highway that's US-1 right across from the falls open every day seven days a week.
For more information on those Neal Deals called the Neal Deals Hotline toll free, 1-888-534-4211.
That's 1-888-534-4211 and don't forget all Neal Deals have to decredit a prophecy, these are four details.
And Halibut, the AgGMC and don't forget they be professional grade.
My, and local, this is Sports Radio 560, the way you weigh in.
This is dumb as dirt.
I am Dr. Gupta, I will be performing your heart surgery today.
Now how you doctor, well you know what you say, how are you feeling Mr. David?
Like I've been into a York government party, well you think I feel like I'm in here?
But it's a simple heart-fired procedure, just lead deeply into the basket you won't feel anything.
Say, I went on the fast, I can't move in nothing.
Look at that, he's open to my chest now.
Hey, by the way son, after Gophe's taken off his pants.
And now he's watered, scraping my chest to cavity.
Hey, stop, I'm gonna do you no who I am.
Oops, don't know, don't know, don't know.
There's nothing I can do.
Cook, to the door, there's scraping my chest.
And then I can't move.
Don't know, don't know.
Oops, don't know, don't know.
Oh, bye, did you die?
Oh, bye, did you die?
It was a beautiful funeral now.
Even if I went the only one who showed up, feel like a fine out of me.
Well, looks like it's time for me to do what I always wanted to do.
No.
No, no.
The bullet ball comes out the light.
What do you think you're throwing at me, Gray?
No, I thought you were dead, Mo.
Of course I'm dead, I'm out of town by the morons.
Now, you know what that means, Mo?
I gotta kill you now.
And how do you propose to do that since I'm already dead today?
Well, it's up my liver, told you Mo.
Yeah, what's that?
I'm building the vampire land.
Big deal.
Now I've got to stand you with my robbing sand.
Now you're self outpunking.
I'm in a void hole.
See? Why am I in a void?
To the point.
The power of price compels you.
No, I'm in a void.
Power of price compels you.
Comforty five is five sixty.
I mean, you're going to get the mad dog coming up at one o'clock.
None too soon, by the way.
None too soon.
Six hundred and sixteen votes on the pool.
And Senator Bob is doing pretty good.
161 votes.
Administration appeals for under God.
No, God.
The Bush administration appealed of the Supreme Court yesterday
to preserve the phrase under God.
And the pledge of allegiance be set by schoolchildren.
The reference doesn't amount to one constitutional government
promotion of religion.
The administration's top Supreme Courtler
wrote in the court filing.
Whatever else the Constitution's establishment clause
may prohibit this court's precedence make clear
that it does not forbid the government
from officially acknowledging the religious heritage
foundation and character of this nation solicitor
general Ted Olson.
Oi.
Wrote in the court filing.
You know him.
Yeah.
One of the penis gay headhunches, right wing asshole.
This is what the pledge of allegiance does.
The pledge is therefore constitutional, he said.
The justice department in a California school.
That would be like asking Hermann Gehring
if the bratwurst is done just right.
Yeah.
The justice department in a California school district
has to high court to reverse the federal appeals court
ruling last year that banned the teacher led
pledge in public schools.
The Constitution says the government may not establish
religion and practice that is meant the government cannot
endorse or promote religion in general or favor one religion
over another.
The Supreme Court has twice declared the pledge is constitutional
and numerous justices have assumed as much
another writings Olson argued.
The appeals court ruling was widely denounced in Congress
on opinion pages and at the White House.
Because naturally nobody wants to attack God or apple pie
or mom or maybe even Chevrolet unless you have a crappy
beat up old impeller.
So that's USA for you man.
Under God.
They just keep sticking their your nose in it and rubbing
your nose in it.
And that's what it is.
I mean, you know, we got to finish Christianizing America
before we can Christianize all those infidels over there
in Schmata headland.
We got to do a good job of finishing off all the people here
and aren't converted yet.
What do you smirk and about finish it off?
Well, one way or the other.
And you know how they're going to do it?
I want to make them an awfully kind of thing.
Exactly.
That's right.
The way they've always done it through the centuries.
Oh, no, not another piece of a skull
degree by the Ace of Spades.
Bush tries to weaken tobacco treaty.
As more than 160 nations prepared aside,
this is from the San Francisco Chronicle, of course.
More than 160 nations prepared aside the landmark treaty
to control tobacco, the Bush administration
is waging a last ditch effort to gut the accord
of its strongest provisions, including a worldwide ban
on tobacco advertising.
The treaty is being closely watched by Philip Morris,
the world's largest tobacco company with $19 billion
in sales last year.
And other cigarette producers would see it
as a potential catastrophe for their businesses.
All right.
US ambassador Kevin Mouley staked up
the administration's hardline position
in a meeting Monday with the director general
of the WH and Geneva.
Oh, how do you like that?
They were concerning with the WH.
Oh, a copy of Mouley's, is that Holy Mouley?
A copy of Holy Mouley's position paper was obtained
by the campaign for tobacco free kids
and anti tobacco lobbying group.
Government officials confirmed that Mouley delivered
the documents to WH, director general,
grow Harlem, Brutland, that butchia brought from Norway.
According to the position paper, the US wants
signatories to be able to ignore any provision
of the treaty they disagree with.
As it stands, the treaty does not allow signatories
to express reservations about individual restrictions.
Are you following this?
Every treaty.
I mean, it's also against the world, maybe.
If you people haven't figured that out yet,
that's where it's at.
Well, those are all back.
Did you get the rest of the world?
It says coincidentally, the US position paper
was delivered to the WH.
So shortly after the WH,
it was released and made your study warning
that new cancer cases worldwide will surge by 50%
to 15 million by 2020,
unless governments act to turn things around.
We can make a difference by taking action today
to Dr. Paul Clujee's, Clujee's, whatever's name is,
Hu Hu, co-editor of the 350 page World Cancer Report.
We have this opportunity to stem this increase.
And the US said, no, can't do it, Pali.
Can't do it, Pali, because our friends at Phillip Morris
are gonna be pissed off and fired up.
Look at this.
First, we started with that pot story,
with John Crutch and pot to be decriminalized
in Canada by the end of the summer,
probably sooner, probably like in a month or two,
mid-summer.
And to show you what a bunch of perverts we got up here
for audio homophobes out there,
which is a gigantic, a vast part of the audience,
BC's same-sex couples await marriage ruling.
Huh.
A decision could be announced today
on a British Columbia case brought to court
by seven same-sex couples fighting for the right to marry.
The case is being decided in the BC Court of Appeals,
a three-judge panel began hearing the case back in February,
after the couples appeared in earlier court ruling
that prevented them from legally getting married.
Now, now the panel says it's ready with a decision.
Jane Hamilton and Joy Masuara,
who have been together for 10 years,
are eagerly awaiting the decision.
They say they were a little bit surprised
at how quickly the court has moved to a decision.
They thought the case could take as long as two years
to decide.
We thought at the earliest, maybe six months,
but we weren't expecting that maybe not even this year,
said Hamilton.
The decision has been made so quickly,
it's likely the decision has been unanimous
that's my understanding of it said Masuara,
Masahara, whatever their name was,
which means the three justices have either also had no,
you can't or yes, you can.
The battle can be traced back to 1999
when one couple tried to obtain a merge license
from the BC director of vital statistics and was rejected
and attempt another couple following a year also failed.
Eventually, eight same-sex couples found themselves
in a legal battle to marry in BC's Supreme Court.
If the court size with the couples many see it
as a huge step for gay equality,
but if the court size with the crownalers who say it's not
up to the judiciary to change the legal nature of marriage,
we'll see by the end of the day they're saying,
wouldn't that be something, huh?
Yeah.
Oh, and right to the year this, remember how we saw the,
beating on the chest by the Shiites?
The flags are leading?
Right.
We'll get your chains out, baby.
The retired general, overseeing Iraq's post-war
reconstruction, said yesterday,
that his fellow Americans should beat their chest with pride
and having toppled Saddam Hussein without destroying the country's assets.
Are you beating your chest?
Oh, my chest?
Then some of your chest.
He says, we ought to be beating our chest every day.
We're looking to mirror and get proud and stick out our chest
and sucking our bellies and say, damn, we're Americans.
J. Garner told reporters saying that Iraq's oil fields and other
infrastructure survived.
We're almost in tech.
Electric, no water, big, snick and deal.
Okay.
Lot of dead bodies, lot of disease,
cholera stuff like that.
Asma, that's just untightiness.
Can't breathe the air part of that untightiness of war.
I know how you media people, man.
You better go step back and line if you know what's good for you.
Because come to you in a second.
We're going to take away everybody's goddamn license
that don't go step right in line.
I don't think we want to threaten anybody,
or anything like that.
1245 at 560 WQM, you know, for a long time,
I've been telling you about Astorol habit skipping.
I'm not trying to be a free load or anything like that.
I have not got my new olio-match shipment yet.
I just mentioned that in passing.
An olio-match is something you look forward to getting,
because it's good for you.
It does wonders.
Olio-match soft gels contain the finest olive oil on a planet.
It's not just ordinary olive oil.
It is super concentrated, loaded with health benefits.
Olio-match every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease
and high cholesterol.
Plus, there are 14 different olio-match formulas for much to choose.
Each one combining the finest olive oil with vitamins, minerals,
and herbal stuff supports specific health needs,
from your bones to your blood pressure.
To all kinds of other good stuff, too, to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you.
And good news is that there are now three new olio-match formulas.
One that helps you sleep, one that helps you control that weight,
and cell Q10, which is co-Q10 for your heart.
Pick them up today.
Pick up Oliomitted Publix,
Echards, Walgreens, Whole Food,
Markets, Navarro Zorcidano.
I was ordered online if you like olio-match America.com.
Or if you want to get more information about these great products,
column tool free,
1-866 Olio-Med.
That's 1-866-653663.
Pick up some olio-match today,
and for better health, start profited in your post.
My best local species,
5-6-6-3, you know your name.
Q-A-N.
Media is sick and needs health badly.
I made some pants with my bad ass,
Chittin' down, watchin' the news.
I just don't want to use my brain
or the villain my own fear.
I say all smiles so smugly,
all the pundits that I see
like a fox and cramps.
I believe they're my friends,
and they really care about me.
I'm just black and
I know it's true,
convincing too.
I just saw it all paper-bite.
My nose actin',
there in the wife's house has the groutness of the Lord.
I lost my job,
my money's gone.
That's what I'm lately been for.
They came for my family,
or they didn't know the grays,
but I have nothing to hide,
so I should be alright,
until they come for me.
I know it's true,
convincing too.
I just saw it all paper-bite.
I've got the proof,
and the paint's it's true,
so the sorry all paper-bite.
Yeah, how come you're showing all
them demonstrations, man,
and then people marching and pissed off and fired up,
and spitting on the assorters and stuff like that?
You should be showing all the glamour stuff
like the oil fields.
Refund it, huh?
Not on fire.
And they're listening up to them.
Michelle, those big signs up there,
and the ex-son one.
And I think Katalisa is going to go over there,
and blessed personally Dr. Rice is going to bless
the Asher Brown one.
Yeah, she's going to give her personal blessing to it.
What's that like?
She's going to make the sign,
you know, and say peace on it.
Oh,
the fancy EOS are big winners of a rack war.
Now this is in the Boston Globe,
and they better cut this out, you know?
See, I've backed myself into a corner here,
I just realized it,
and this is, this better not happen again tomorrow.
I don't want to play Butch Boss,
and I'm just telling our sales department in the water,
not see an operations manager and our program director,
that there's something rotten in the water today, okay?
You can hear it from the audience.
It's not just at QAM.
Maybe maybe the audiences like boycutting us,
because they're afraid they're going to catch
these SARS over the phone, over the radio.
That could be it.
Probably McElos out there driving around town,
screaming it out.
Turn off QAM, you'll catch SARS.
The signal's coming from Toronto, eh?
From the NDPR outmelt saying how ashamed they are
to be part of such a process.
How do you like that?
They're ashamed to be part of such a process.
I do like that process cheese, though, don't you?
Which brand?
Kraft.
Yes.
I like Borden.
Not Velvita.
Delve.
That's Kraft.
Fan.
Isn't that just a cheese product?
Right.
Which means like, there's a little bit
that's a little cheesy on the inside.
Kind of like your underwear.
Jesus.
The fans, CEOs are big winners of Iraq war by Derek Jackson
in the Boston Globe.
More than 130 American soldiers died in a dubious war
in a dusty oil rich land.
In dust-free boardrooms,
the CEOs behind our bombs, missiles,
tanks and planes went to corporate heaven.
On the dust, 12 teenagers paid the ultimate sacrifice
in the boardroom in their 50s and 60s,
filled their sacks with cash.
12 soldiers will never see 20.
At least 13 weapons.
Executives took home more than 20 million dollars
in compensation since 2000.
The young paid dearly middle aged and graying CEOs
were dearly paid.
Neither the clouds of dust or the closed doors
of the boardroom can hide the bankruptcy.
The Boston-based watchdog group united
for a fair economy known in general for its reports
on the vast pay gap between CEOs and workers.
This way published a report on the even more insane gap
between soldiers and weapons CEOs.
Using federal corporate and think tank data,
the group found that while the average army
private and iraqrens about $20,000 a year,
the average CEO among the 37 largest publicly traded
defense contractors made 577 times more money
in 2002 or $11.3 million.
That's not far off, $20,000 to $11.3 million.
Yeah, that's in a ballpark.
Since 2000, the 37 defense contractors CEOs
actually given our first Reich war,
it is more appropriate to refer to them as offense contractors,
have taken home $1.35 billion.
That may not be Bill Gates, but it still means
that just 37 men have made enough money in the last three years
to, for instance, pay for two years of running
to Boston public schools.
Meanwhile, everyone knows how the budget cuts
have turned public school systems into their own little bag
beds because their government say there's no money
after war, tax cuts, corporate giveaways,
and sports stadiums.
Unless predatory America would be rude to brag about
financial winners as a result of the terrorist attacks
of 9-11 and the attack on Iraq,
yet between Homeland Security,
Afghanistan, the strung Iraq and rebuilding Iraq,
it was hard to tell whether offense contractors
or patriotic eagles are bouncing vultures.
Sacrifice, not when the $11.3 million average pay
or offense industry executives is nearly $4 million
a year more than the average for the largest
365 companies surveyed by Business Week.
CEO Pay at Lockheed, Martin, went up from $5.8 million
in 2000 to $25.3 million in 2002.
It went up at General Dynamics,
Tanks and submarines from $5.7 million in 2001
to $15.2 million in 2002.
It went up at Honeywell Aircraft Systems
from $12.9 million in 2000 to $45 million in 2002.
And Northrop Grumman went up from $7.3 million in 2000
to $9.2 million in 2002.
Pay went up at a lion, Bullets and Bombs from $1.4 million in 2000
to $10.5 million in 2002.
It went up at Cardinal Health Medical Supplies
from $2.9 million to $17.7 million.
It went up at United Defense Industries,
Guns and Cannons from $794,000 to $2.7 million.
At Raytheon who make missiles and bombs,
it went from $8 million in 2000 to $2.6 million in 2001
and back up to $8.9 million in 2002.
$8 million in 2000,
down to $2.6 million in 2001
and back up to $8.9 million in 2002.
When you like your piece, oh please,
in radio adress in May 1940 during the Defense
Buildup part of the West entry in World War II,
President Roosevelt said,
our President emergency in a common sense of decency,
make it imperative that no new group or war millionaires
shall come into being in this nation
as a result of the struggles abroad.
The American people will not relish the idea
of any American citizen growing rich and fat
and an emergency of blood and slaughter and human suffering.
In the same speech, Roosevelt also said,
we must make sure in all that we do
that there be no breakdown or cancellation
of any of the great social gains
which you made in these past years.
We've carried out on an offensive
on a broad front against social and economic inequalities
and abuses which had made our society weak.
That offensive should not now be broken down
by the Pinchers movement of those
who would use the present needs
of physical military defense and destroy it.
Six decades later,
war millionaires run the country,
whether that be Vice President
Dick Cheney's old connections to Haliburton
to the 13.6 million that Lockheed Martin,
Northrop Grumman, General Dynamics Rathion
and United Technologies have given
in political contribution since 2000.
Military spending after falling
from 320 billion 1991 to 266 and 1996
has sorted the $400 billion level.
As the war millionaires soar
using the majestic patriotic mask of eagles
to disguise the ugly vulture waiting for a handout,
the United States is creating a new definition
of friendly fire for the budget broadsides
in schools, healthcare, and city and state
services of every kind.
63 years after Roosevelt's speech,
a new group of war millionaires came into being
both as a result of America's struggles
abroad and its abandonment of the struggle at home.
What a great column, man.
Wow.
Out of a marginal reading by me,
but a great column by Derek Jessen
and yesterday's Boston Globe.
You need to read that tomorrow earlier.
I'm bigger than.
Why is that?
Because I don't want anybody to miss that one.
I need to read that again.
Yeah, please, could you?
I just tore it in half.
Oh, damn it.
Oh, I can put it back together.
I can download it again.
And speaking of such a cheerful story.
Yes.
Happy birthday, mommy.
Is your mommy's birthday?
Yeah.
And if I don't say that,
then I'm going to have to like,
buy her a present or something.
Well, what kind of schlepper like you afford to be
by and mommy?
Small and hard.
Oh my god,
and not only that,
but are we from Sunday is Mother's Day.
Yes, a bad month.
So you better take care of your mama.
Latouye.
We should probably,
oh, we don't have that in here.
We do.
You got it on that cart.
I do.
What, mama?
Oh, that should be in there.
No, no, we don't have time to play.
But I'm just saying if I would have had,
it should be in here.
Yamama.
Now it's not in here.
Don't worry about it, though.
Okay, please don't worry about it.
Okay.
Because I'm trying to do this on a right,
like on a timely basis.
Our poll today, if the next presidential election
was being held today,
who would you vote for?
Bobby Graham 172.
Just venture 131.
George W. Bush,
112 only 16.8%.
Huh?
Hillary Clinton,
75.
John Kerry,
50.
Howard Dean,
43.
Al Sharpton,
22.
Ralph Nader,
19.
Dick Abard,
18.
After that,
very, very small potatoes.
See what I was going.
Where I was going?
Okay.
Off the deep end.
It over and over and over and to our head.
That irack has some
weapons of mass destruction.
3000 people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hate.
There's oil to be caught.
It's going after sent down to
Plankato,
Sama.
There's no longer mention of
the name in law.
It's
but no one seems concerned.
of the incomplacents
believe in every word
of this cartel administration
that controls us by fear
through the
NEM manipulation
and the
right wing
is drilling it
over and over and to our head.
That irack has some
weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is
us.
Rights that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not be asked from this zillion.
I have nothing to hide.
Table partners all are saying
line-o'-peady and cattle don't have
any reservations.
Out of provoked
battle and
world annihilation.
Old regime must fall
in hell and burden and stilt
with no objection at all.
Timber crap don't have the balls
and the right wing
is drilling it over and over
and to our parade was
fed.
I rack has some
weapons of mass destruction.
Special
to us ourselves
department for our real
nightmare today.
Thank you so much.
Bye bye bye.
Thank you for your show.
I'm five six million QA
and Miami for learning.
I'm a fat Jew.
