Okay, I have to go all the time to snorkele.
I gotta go to Neil Rogers on, he makes more station for the money than me.
Good morning, Neil.
Morning, Sky.
You're got to have a nice day, Neil.
I'm gonna live with it!
I'm gonna live with it!
I'm gonna give you another beer.
Bleh!
Back in the day when someone done us wrong,
we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, when the jabs dropped their bombs,
we bombed them back, and now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cars, our little flags wade.
As that Saudi love and recharge,
points the bombers the wrong way.
And the Vain Barres to be in America,
where they follow books like cheese.
The United States of arrogance,
said by push and it's badly.
Read they gun this country,
but up,
hammering doors to darkest days,
and I used to read.
I don't want to be a packs of Americans.
In the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives
stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world!
They train us to believe,
and anyone who says that, obviously,
and so forth to lead.
And the Vain Barres to be in America,
where we paint three-aligic leaves,
wave a flag in what has,
with our head in the sand,
and blindly follow the powers that be apathetic.
Up, washing state for news on a 65-inch screen.
Scratch her balls and find everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Oh, that's my armor.
1003 at 560 WQM,
moderately happy Wednesday too.
We don't want to overdo it,
because evidently there's all kinds of crap going on,
which, yeah, what do we know?
What do we know? Not much.
Not too much.
Okay, here's the first poll.
We got two polls today.
It's Wednesday.
It's TGI WD.
Thank God it's Wednesday.
Which means our big one to two-hour gives us
that one-hour reprieve gets us over the hump.
I'm serious.
That's the only thing it gets me through the week.
I'm so glad I invented that, you know?
Just like Al Gore invented the internet.
I invented the hump day.
Here's poll number one.
I'll give you the results from yesterday,
momentarily, but we can get this right up there,
Eric, because we got a really pressure-packed
show today, don't we?
Huh?
No.
Yes, we do.
Oh my God.
It's a lot of oil, baby.
We got oil.
What did I tell you yesterday?
I haven't tell you that.
He's in, man.
He won by a landslide.
You owe me eight bucks.
For what?
You said that the Nazi thing and the groping thing
would be as undoing.
And I said, it won't make a difference.
Oh, get it from rumor.
Poll number one.
Which of these statements do you most strongly believe?
Americans are poorly educated.
Americans don't give a shmit about politics.
Neal is anti-American.
America is still the greatest country in the world.
Or right now, I'm ashamed to be an American.
Those are your five magnificent choices again.
Do I do good poll or what?
You bet.
I do good poll.
That's what they all tell me.
Which of these statements do you most strongly believe?
Americans are poorly educated as in,
boom.
Americans don't give a shmit about politics.
Neal is anti-American or just plain anti-neal.
America is still the greatest country in the world.
Watch how you spell that, Nairic.
And right now, I'm ashamed to be an American.
Of course, that could have to do with the war
with our illiterate president,
with our illiterate governor of California.
So many things, all of these things.
It's really mind-boggling.
The fact that people in the media
could actually sit there with a straight face
and report this all last night.
And a public is like, oh yeah, it makes sense to me.
Like that.
Anyway, here's the results.
Yesterday's poll.
Over the years, what celebrity do you think is aged the best?
WQM, Retirement Line.
What's up?
Over the years, what's the limit?
My psychic powers are so good now that I was talking about
the bad and periscute thing.
I didn't, nobody even told me Miguel was there.
And you know who responded to me?
Miguel.
Miguel, he was there.
It was shocking.
What's even more shocking is he never came back
and gave me a figure.
You idiot.
Hey, listen, your chances of those world-series tickets, Miguel,
just went down the toilet today.
Over the years, what celebrity do you think is aged the best?
Retkell, well, 135, she wins to hand down your pants.
So, Fiela Ren, 104 though, she did very well
and she still looks ravishing.
Barbara Eden 71.
Heather Locklear, 65.
Dick Clark, 56.
56 people said they liked the way Dick aged.
Although, until lately, till Michael Moore got him,
Michael Moore was on CNN a few minutes ago with the
Soledad O'Brien for a silly puff piece and it was silly.
His new book is called Dude Where's My Country.
I've forgotten the name of the book.
I'm going to go out and get it today.
Dude, where's my country?
Got it.
Got it.
Goldie Hahn 49, Chong Kongri 39, Johnny Depp 36, Morgan Fairchild 36,
Fran Drescher, the nanny head.
Bapap turn, man.
WQAM.
Lex Luthor's head is so shiny.
He had to go see Check Alphi area, but Lex Luthor.
Well, you know something.
Tonight's tonight.
You never mind me at tonight's smallville.
Hey, don't forget.
John Stamos and Madonna had 28 of peace.
Ever see them together?
Marsha, hope not for his sake.
He wouldn't touch that thing with your tongue.
Brad Pitt 27, Jacqueline Smith 25.
WQAM.
Oh, come on.
You didn't scream us today by the way, Scott.
WQAM.
Neil God speaking.
Hey, yeah, I just did see that puff piece on CNN.
Oh, they're interviewing Michael Moore.
Yeah, and she was terrible.
You know, that's how he was just really making fun of her.
And he kept talking about the crawl.
She's an idiot, you know.
Yeah, and she tried to correct him.
But yeah, she said, no, it says Michael Moore.
He said, oh, you don't know about the crawl.
No, it was true.
He pointed out.
I think he was trying to tell her to get down her hands,
and he'd get on all fours and crawl a little bit.
But I really like the fact that he, you know, he's, man,
he got it in there quick, a nice jab at the media.
How they were whipping up the fear, I thought.
Yeah, and he didn't edit him, which was pretty good.
Yeah, he said there is no terrorist threat.
Is it true that he's coming out with a movie
about the Bush administration funded by Disney?
Yeah, it's it's going to be the, uh, the book that just came out.
Dude, where's my country?
It's going to come out next September,
like just right before the anniversary of 9-11
and just before the election.
As in movie form?
Yeah.
All right.
Fantastic.
All right.
Michael Moore for president, man, he's got my vote.
Michael Moore, yeah, not Howard Dean.
He's a flip-proper.
Well, well, like I said, Michael Moore first, Howard Dean,
Wesley Clark's campaign manager, you're a result.
I'll get to that.
For all you Wesley Clark bandwagon jippers,
Chris, it shouldn't surprise me because South Florida is the home of the bandwagon jumper.
We love the Marlins.
They won last night.
And every ticket is, yeah, let's get those Marlins tickets given away.
How many we got?
About 30, man.
Okay, they 1-9-8 and 11-10.
These Mike Lowell came through man a home run fest.
I didn't see any of it.
Yo, I hate to admit this.
I forgot about it.
They said a record.
That really feel?
Yeah, the Marlins hit three home runs and one inning.
Yeah.
That's right.
I saw the highlights, Scott.
It's not like I'm a total bozo, mostly, but not totally.
But the point I'm trying to make is that all the bandwagon jippers are foaming at the
mouth now because they can almost smell it, you know?
Marlins are the team of destiny.
You can smell it.
You can feel it.
You can squeeze it.
He got about five grand.
We got some tickets for you.
Dick Clark 56, Goldie Han 49, Sean Conrad 30, a nine.
Johnny Depp, oh, I'm way, where did I stop?
Jack Linsman 25, Convasion dear 22, Tina Turner at 21.
Jane Seymour 20 and Margaret 19, Shere 19, Susan Summers, the bitch that stole the
Atkins die from the poor dead, Dr. Bob.
She had 19.
Kathy Ireland 17, Phoebe Kate 16, Dolly Parton 12, Susan Kuchy Kuchy, her name
B. Luchy, she had 12.
George Hamilton 9.
Oh, what a great performance in Godfather 3.
No.
Harrison Ford and Victoria's principal each had eight.
Mick Jagger is a Belarusian.
Jane Fonda each had seven.
See them together.
You really know.
Bob Barker had the six as did Cheryl Teagues.
Tom Selich, Pho.
You think Tom Selich is still doing Higgins?
Denise Austin, Tom Selich, let's see, Michael Jackson.
Tom Selich.
Tom Cruise.
I'm trying to think of all the guys, all the famous people who have press conferences
to announce that they're not gay.
Right?
Right.
Denise Austin 3, Jeff Bridges 2, Kurt Russell 2, Billy Crystal.
I'm holding a press conference at 230 this afternoon to announce that I am gay.
You're gay.
Kurt Russell 2, Billy Crystal and Carol Aldi did.
And poor Lorenzo Lamis is a second-win man.
He last place.
He finally got a sympathy vote there right at the SN.
Lorenzo Lamis out of nearly a thousand votes.
So that was yesterday's four.
I thought it was pretty interesting thing to think about, but as usual, they're like,
and then you were trying to shove Catherine Zita Jones on here,
who just turned 15 or whatever it was.
The hell wasn't you kept saying, well, if, uh, if, uh, who was it?
Heather Lockler.
If Heather Lockler can go on here, so we looked it up on the Awikid Web,
Heather Lockler is 42, and Catherine Zita Jones is only 34.
Okay, she's like,
About 30 minutes.
So what are you talking about?
W-Q-A-M.
That must be your friends at Bell South.
Oh, I'm sorry.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
I'd like to speak to Neil P.
Speaking.
Neil, how are you doing?
I'm doing sensational.
Great, great.
I'm wondering if I can get the, the rambling willy recall tickets.
Rambling willy Bob Farrington, by the way, hit him again, Bob.
You remember rambling willy?
No.
Oh.
Once the race did pomp and oparque, I believe many years ago,
it all forget pomp and oparque opens Friday night.
There are 40th anniversary scene.
There's a little free plug.
Oh, and this spot's coming around.
I can't believe I did that.
Wow.
Holy moly.
I wasn't even looking at the log.
I got my spots piled up here in the right order,
which I do every day because I'm a very organized kind of guy.
But I had no idea.
I'm going to keep track today.
How many?
That's three psychic instances.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
I'm scary.
Let's all go to the track and make a fortune.
Let's, uh,
veterinary this week.
Oh, man.
Holy to moly.
Give us the numbers.
I'll give you some numbers.
2468.
Who do we have?
That's the lady.
Yeah.
I don't know.
So what's the story with Farrell?
Are we not going to be doing crossovers anymore?
Is he just trying to see?
No, no, I think he's, uh, I don't know.
He's just pounding.
He's having the right now.
Oh, okay.
I think we were crossing over with Farrell.
Yeah, John Edward is going to be on with the two of us to try to
straight.
And if he can't do it,
Riva from guiding light is going to like,
intercede.
Hey, attention horse racing fans.
Pop it all apart kicks off like I said only moments ago.
Thanks to my physical abilities.
It's 40th anniversary racing season.
This Friday, October 10,
which sounds like only two nights away.
The track will feature top class nighttime horse racing.
High stakes poker.
There's a new post time.
A 705 for the first race at Pompeo Park.
And the poker room would be open from noon till midnight.
Every live racing day.
Pompeo Park is also open seven days tonight's week with a
best and somal casting.
Uh, you can shake a stick at it.
They got harness through about high
line action from all across North America.
Free to watch and plunge your lungs on.
And don't forget the general parking and admission at Pompeo Park.
Always free.
New this season at Pompeo with 20% increase in
the purchase.
A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting
voucher or revamped free power play rewards program.
That gives you points for either betting the horses are playing poker.
That you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers as well.
And an opening night this Friday, October 10,
the first 500 fans age 18 and over will get a free $2 pick for a
wager special dollar night for beer.
So does hot dogs and more also.
And it's a family fun night Friday with free mini horse rides and
face painting.
A live radio broadcast by some bogus station and free drugs to get into
a money machine with a thousand dollars inside or when see
escaped interslice cruise tickets.
Also route for the Marlins and watch the games Friday and
Saturday and in the over 1000 TV sets all around the track at
Pompeo Park.
Factors a couple right in the middle of the stretch.
Look out for a seat.
Pompeo Park.
I blocked out of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road called 954 972
2000 for the new race schedule or go on the web at
pompeopark.com.
Don't forget the big 40th anniversary season starts this Friday
at the Pompeo Park.
5 and the local.
This is my city.
The radio is on your side.
You will.
No.
Who's going to get Ricky a blow?
No.
Oh, we're flying.
Oh, we're flying.
Don't do that, Dan.
And took a hit then Woody.
I'd like to teach him some.
And get the munchies and make brownies filled with hair.
Yes.
And Woody share it with Jesus and the saints.
The pie is hot and yeah, yeah.
Hot is great and yeah, yeah.
Hot is good and yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hot is God's most cannabis.
Smoke and fire's life one of us.
Getting high on the back of the bus.
Just in the nose of getting storm.
On a grey hump us too long.
To get some bad luck in old Rome.
Absolutely.
A couple of John backs to take home.
Smoke up big by Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven less your soul.
Well, the reason I'm playing that is yesterday the game do's your of the cranks out there.
It was like, oh, what we want to hear about Canada and you're always the town Canada Canada sucks.
Well, you may have a point.
The Ontario Court of Appeals yesterday reinstated the law banning possession of small amounts of cannabis for recreational use while at the same time made it easier for medical marijuana users to get safely a good supply of the drug as opposed to that crap that they were providing before remember couple weeks ago.
All the gims were a bitch and about the crappy quality of the medical marriage.
We remember that.
Yep.
Am I interrupting something down there you haven't like some kind of a fart fest or something going on?
No.
I just get that feeling.
I feel like there's like a whole bunch of people running around there like that right now.
It could be wrong, but I have a feeling my psychic powers are zooming in again.
Like that right in the hallway probably for relas one of them.
He's going like that.
Yeah.
And up is a double gray.
Greg. What am I going to do?
Greg, I got a good medical report from Duff this morning who's giving me all those things about his back and about his hemorrhoids and about all these other things.
Greg, I doubt you know you're a good friend. You're a good guy, but I'm sick and tired of hearing a medical report especially at a time when all of a sudden the crap is going down.
There are a lot of crap.
Yeah.
A lot of crap.
Really?
Down the down the shoot.
Lots of good place for it.
So anyway, simple possession marijuana is illegal again in Ontario.
So those of you who are planning to come up here and walking around in the streets like downtown, like at the Eden Center, lightening up a big fat one.
Public, you better think a second time.
Look at this. The lovely Miguel faxes me. We got about 30,000 and 25 bucks for a band and per rescue.
It's the 8th of October.
That's still pretty weak.
The way I'm looking at it.
It's slow.
Yeah.
Keep it alone.
And that's cause nobody's got two nickels to rub together.
That's a part of it. And that's why charity is like begging and screaming and pleading this year.
Who's shaking?
She's on a passion.
Oh, charity.
She's the one that has all the visions like I do.
She's begging.
She's begging and sharing is still alive.
She was underwater for about two weeks, but she's still alive.
And when I actually at the end of the show today, I should probably shouldn't tell people this, but it looks like she dies.
The line on the, what do they call that thing?
The oscilloscope?
Okay.
No, the thing that they hook up to your heart.
The heart monitor.
Electrocardiograph.
Yeah, it's the flat lines in your room like that.
Thanks for ruining it for me.
You don't watch that show.
Want a bet?
Well, I didn't ruin it for me.
I took away the stress now at least to be ready because you know she's not really going to stay dead.
And charity is begging the death guy, the death demon or whoever the hell he is begging.
Oh, please save Sheridan.
Oh, that's not talk about that.
Let's talk about important stuff like the next van hit for a van in Pair Rescue with our best of meal merchandise.
Or, yes, the new cartoon on the O'Rodgers.com right up on top.
Okay, go look at that right now.
But in the meantime, like I said, the next van hit will be tomorrow noon to two.
See, you're just trying to distract me from this because the van hit is sponsored by the wheel of yellow pages from Bell South,
which so you're trying to distract me from my opponent grounds.
Yeah.
Don't say it.
I'm not saying that.
All kinds of problems going on in a place and Duff is hyperventilating and blah, blah, blah.
And for all of us having nervous breakdown.
Yeah, I think I've solved the problem though.
Because I think over the years as we look back on the history of South Florida where you're going back many, many years,
it seems that there's really only one individual in South Florida who's really offended and put out by things that are set on the year,
either by me or Scott or whoever it is.
I think generally speaking, what we ought to do is take away his radio.
Oh, they're phone.
Don't you think that would solve all of our problems for all of us?
Everywhere.
Then he wouldn't have to be.
He's so offended and be monitoring and be so indignant over the fact that all of these terrible things are being said and yada, yada, yada.
Just take away his radio.
I think it would be a great pubic service.
It would be a happy word.
Kind of a wacky thing to do, but nevertheless, it doesn't make sense.
Anyway, the van hit.
I will get this from a lot by Hooker by Crook.
The van hit will be noon to two tomorrow, sponsored by the really yellow pages from Bell South at Power Sports.
See how much commercialization this is what we need to do at QM because we have a big pay rule.
And because Greg's got big ambitions, we've got to pay all those teams, all those franchise fees.
So every even a promo has gotten out instead of one commercial that they got two of them in here.
Power Sports at 1090 West Sunrise Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale.
Where is 1090 West Sunrise?
Do we know is it near someplace?
Over there, yeah.
No, no, seriously.
I don't know what that means.
I mean, I don't know where 1090 would be.
Neither.
I'm sure they can find it.
Give your best of the merchandise, Arga, Fancy's Man's CCD's, the keychain.
I know how we're David and one's and the gym madness ones we have left over for everybody who makes a donation while they last.
We might actually have some Marlon tickets. No, we won't.
A pair of tickets to October Fest this weekend at the German American Club in Hollywood will be available though.
I don't know how he's going to do that, but he says that's a...
Now, is that mean there's several pair or eight pairs? I don't know what he's going to do.
What? No idea.
We don't know. So go and see Miguel tomorrow between noon and two and find out if he doesn't give it to you willingly.
Slacken around a little bit. He's easy.
30,025 bucks. Well, at least we got over the 30 more.
Not 30 minutes.
There's something.
But that's more votes than great Davis got in California last night.
And eventually he got... And they kept saying, well, Arnold is going to be a governor with...
It's very, very close. I don't have the final absolute final totals.
But from the LA Times, I've got with 97% of the vote counted.
Arnold got 3,476,301 votes.
And the no recall, which means the ones that were in favor of great Davis, 3,438.
You're following that? So about...
I got 38,000, Arnold, actually, I had more votes.
Arnold, which is scary in itself. It is frightening, man. It's enough to make me want to take a gigantic dump.
Oh, God. I think I'm going to do it anyway.
We'll wait.
About 25 to 30% of liberals and moderates abandoned the governor.
And Schwarzenegger had a strong showing across the political spectrum as the headliner in the front of the LA Times.
Absolutely unbelievable.
There's a really good article by Steve Lopez in today's LA Times.
I might read it a little bit later.
We have time under a lot of pressure today.
We've got to take 4,000 phone calls and say 25 Hail Mary's also.
Dear Gropenfuerr, muscles is way into office.
So what now, right Steve Lopez in the LA Times?
Dear Gropenfuerr, I just love that.
Not a great line.
Oh, God.
Yeah, he's doing the ol' Gropenope.
Here's the fact that says I'm not a sports fan.
I haven't got a clue as far as baseball is concerned.
But we're so blessed to have the Marlins in the playoffs
because at least it keeps my mind off all the depressing stuff like that farce on a West Coast.
And number two in Washington is going to get away with another major scandal because this is the dumbest company in the world history hands down contest over.
Thank you for a very, very accurate fact.
By the way, the poll, look at that, 133 votes. I just took a puke at it.
Man, we're on fire today.
Flaming.
Huh? Flaming.
Can't you smell it?
Which of these statements do you most strongly believe?
We've got 133 votes.
Prancid, you can say a douchebag.
Americans are poorly educated, 41.
Right now, I'm ashamed to be an American, 36.
America is still the greatest country in the world, 26.
Neil is anti-American, anti-16, and an American's don't give a shmit about politics, 14.
So 12% of the audience are saying I'm anti-American.
Excellent.
See, I put those on there for the segment of the audience that likes taking a cheap shot at me or you or, you know,
we're probably the only show in history that does that because, you know, we can handle it.
We got thick skin.
George's got four skin.
I got thick skin.
So here is this astonishing, amazing.
Oh, and also Miguel was trying to come around a little bit.
He said that Nestle's turtle is really good.
He hated the, he called it Ben and Jerry's fish.
Not fish, but the fish.
He just, such an idiot.
And then he said, but I did try Nestle's turtle and it was really, very good.
You're right. That's awesome stuff.
And then it come out to find out it wasn't even Nestle's.
It was Briar's turtle, which I didn't know.
Briar's made a turtle, which you got at Pubex, okay?
You're an idiot, Miguel.
You're a moron.
Very sad.
You look good, but man, you're dumb.
He says, go and show that, huh?
He says to Madre.
Yeah, to mama.
It's like a incident number four.
He to mama, Tombien.
Anyways, so Miguel likes a turtle.
So it's at public, so you don't have to wait for the Nestle's turtle if Briar's is making it.
If Briar's is making it, it must be pretty damn good, no?
Sure.
Because Briar's makes that score ice cream.
Oh, don't find that.
I sure hope you folks can't get ahold of that.
Because then you'll be cursing me out big time.
The same people who died from getting hooked on fish food because of me.
When they find Briar's score ice cream that's SKOR, then they'll know the score all right.
The blood pressure will be up to like 300 over 250, and they'll be dying over there.
But with a big smile on their face, that stuff is obscene.
It's so good.
Of course, you're not into that.
I don't know who it is.
The score candy bars, score in Heath bar.
Yeah.
That toffee thing.
Oh, man.
Let's talk to you.
Wow.
27 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Hey, if you've got that big shiny bald spot like Lex Luthor.
Here's the answer for it.
Chuck Alphier.
He could probably even help Lex out.
Don't forget tonight's small one on the UPN.
Don't forget where I think they're going to say the F-word a couple of times.
According to that bit we got.
I'd love to see if you don't know the time, John Jones, the song, the video, sex set, bomb.
Yeah.
You know that?
Sure.
Oh.
But if you don't know that, then I guess that bit is mis, but I love it.
I'm just obsessed with it.
That's what I've heard.
Yeah.
I love you, Bob.
Anyway, Chuck Alphier is the best in the world because he's got the natural hairline system.
He doesn't have some mousey-looking muskrat that died on your head or some nasty runaway weasel or a ferret.
He doesn't have holes that he wants to drill in your head and puts you through all kinds of excruciating pain.
What he does want to do is have you sit down and absolutely no obligation to give you a free consultation and show you he'll demonstrate it for you.
He just how much better and younger he can make you look with his natural hairline system.
It's the best in business, so should buy even a millionaires and billionaires go see Charlie.
And you have nothing to lose but your shiny balls butt because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting a hose at least 5, 10, 15 times a day, Charlie give you a full refund.
And be sure to mention my name because if you do, you get a $200 extra discount at the Charles Alphierry Studios.
Call him toll free and say goodbye for every year ball spot.
1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413.
Or log onto his prestigious website at CharlesAlphierry.com.
We're Sports Radio 5-6-C-U-A-M.
Disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
He's the biggest baddest, prunist rocker of all time that he's not taking any prisoners.
He's Axel Schwarzenegger.
Welcome to the jungle.
We got fun and games.
We got everything you bought.
We blow you all to hell.
Axel Schwarzenegger.
He's all pumped up and ready to rock.
Take me down to Paradise City as a glass of screen and the girls are pretty.
Or as ticket grenade launcher for the sun bomb strike.
It's military industrial strength rock and roll.
The way only Axel Schwarzenegger can tell it.
Your van, ugly, the f***er.
John Claude Van Dam is a f***er.
Steven Seagal is a f***er with a ponytail.
The only reason I did a film with De Vito is because he could smite standing up.
It's Axel Schwarzenegger exclusively on Terminator CDs records in consent.
You don't fight this album.
I'll do that.
I think this will do.
Must lose.
You know, Sean is clump again of his victory speech last night.
Jarlano introduces him and he comes waltzing out with Maria.
Oh, Maria, I hope you can sleep good at night now.
You b***ch.
You disgusting sell out b***ch.
Maria Schreiber and Eunice Kennedy Schreiber.
The whole, oh man, the guns are mishpah-man.
I hope they can look at themselves in a mirror without cutting herself shaving.
Maybe that he can take them for a drive.
Yeah, that's a great idea.
Yeah, Uncle Teddy wants to take you folks for a nice drive over there in Champ Aquedic, huh?
Yeah, tip of view.
Locked for a nice drive in a country and reminisce about good old times.
Oh, I'm quite a poor Mary.
What was your name?
Mary Jo Peckney.
Yeah.
Was that Mary Jo the same as Billy Jo that jumped off the Tallahatchee bridge?
Ask Robbie Benson, hill today.
How come he was not our poet yesterday?
His product has nobody seen him in about 20 years.
Somebody mentioned him.
Yeah, we discussed it.
Did they?
Haven't seen him in a long time.
Probably about 75 now.
You'll know you're getting real old when Robbie Benson is 75 then you're going to say, holy crap.
River Phoenix is still dead.
I should point out here.
What?
Well, there's some people that's funny about that.
Now, I'm looking at the second pool which I was going to start the, and then I thought, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
See, this is my band.
I left a word out here.
What was the most horrifying death scene?
Oh, no, I didn't leave it out.
No, yeah, death scene.
Because we've done horrifying scenes, but we haven't ever done specifically this pool.
If we do exactly the same one, some nitpicker out there will come.
Oh, yeah, we did that like a January 3rd of 2002.
You did that pool.
Yeah, well, blow it out your ass.
Speaking of polls, did you look at the website yet?
No.
What do you mean?
The front page right up on top of the pool.
The new cartridge.
Okay, well, let me take a puke at it.
Okay, it's to die for.
Is it really that good?
Let me take a puke if it ever comes up on here.
Or Matthew, whatever the guy's name is, is that...
No, no.
No, no.
No, no, no.
This one is the best.
Yeah.
This is the all-time best.
You are such a heartless bastard, man.
There's sick freedom, Roy, and there comes Tigger out of nowhere.
Is there Tigger?
Yeah.
There he comes.
Oh, no.
And this Tigger's counts and counts.
Oh, no.
Well, if you would have had some weedies that morning for breakfast,
there may be sort of frosted flakes.
They probably wouldn't be in the shapeies end of the day, old man.
Roy!
That is, huh?
Where'd you get that growl?
That's my...
Our lion sound effect.
Then, you know, that was in there?
What do you know about this or stuff?
Roy!
That's bad.
I love that.
Everybody must take a look at that if you want a good chuckle today.
Of course, some people will be like, oh, that's disgusting.
That's in such poor taste.
Well, Tony, a cartoon character, okay?
If the Tiger would only be a cartoon tiger, he'd probably still be in good shape today, you know?
Instead of like hanging on via thread.
So anyway, here's the final, the very close to final numbers in California.
For those ten people out there in the audience who would have given crap,
with 97% of votes counted.
The first question on a ballot to be called or not to be called,
the very, very unpopular gay, a great Davis,
a man with a personality like a dead fruit fly,
54.4% said yes to the recall, only 45.6% said no.
So, and actually in LA County, they voted against the recall,
but in Orange County, they voted...
And all the other right wing parts, they voted humongously.
They hate him.
In the contest to replace Mr. Davis, Mr. Schwartznecker,
like his nearest competitor, Lieutenant Governor,
Celia Cruz-Bustamante,
47.9% to 32.4% with 97% of OK.
So in other words, 48% to 32%, a glanslide for AROD.
In an appearance before cheering supporters late,
and the night Mr. Schwartznecker opened his victory speech by thanking his wife, Maria Schriver,
saying, I know how many votes I got because of you.
But third man.
Right.
Introduced by Jay Leno.
Oh, it's just...
This is the end.
And this is the end.
And boys and girls, like Jim Morrison would say if he could, it's all over.
But the shouting.
There could open fewer muscles this way into office.
So what now?
I'm going to read that later on.
That's one of my favorite articles of all time.
That's hysterical.
Steve Lopez in today's LA Times.
There could open fewer.
Oh.
191 votes on our first poll today.
Which of these statements do you most strongly believe?
Americans are poorly educated, 64.
Right now, I'm ashamed to be an American 50 or saying that.
America's still the greatest country in the world, 36.
Niel is anti-American 23, 12%.
Anti-American bastard piece of crap.
And Americans don't give a shmit about politics, 18.
9.4% of nearly 200 votes in shocking number.
They're really whipped up into a frenzy, they aren't they?
That's because they're all excited because Arnold is going to California.
And the Marlins won in 11 in these last night.
Michael Old had a home run to win a game.
And what more could you want?
They've got more bad wagons to jump on.
We got all those free tickets.
We got that second poll.
I also added the show we're seeing in psycho, which had to be a classic.
What was the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie?
Father Karriss in the exorcist.
Melting Nazis and Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I didn't see that.
The impaled priest in the Omen and the show we're seeing in psycho.
With, um, don't tell me.
I can never think of her name.
I don't know why.
Don't tell me though.
All right.
Tony Perkins and, uh, I mean, she had like big building in a movie and she was in her.
Like for 10 minutes.
He picked the wrong motel.
I'll tell you that.
Well, I can never think of who that is.
And as soon as you tell me, give me your initials.
J.L.
Julie London.
I could be wrong because I'm thinking of somebody and I think it's because of who.
Isn't it Janet Lee?
Janet Lee.
Very good.
Well, I'll see the wonder.
I can remember Pinkie Lee.
Yeah, but not Janet Lee Peggy Lee.
I remember Jack E Lee, which I'm trying to forget.
Jamie.
Dominic Q.A.M.
The Unchist Line 9.
Hello.
Yes, this Q.A.M.
Yes, sir.
Is Neil there, please?
Where you come from?
This sounds like the George tape sky.
The blue guy.
Yeah.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
How you doing, buddy?
Pretty good.
Uh, were you in T.O. these days?
I'm in T.O.
Yeah.
T.O.
T.O.
Hold on.
Let me cheer my computer out for a second.
Yeah, go ahead.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We've got a short time.
We got that big one to two hour coming up.
This guy's a little whistler.
What happened yesterday?
I know.
I think you're right.
This is close to the end.
It's Jim Morrison once.
Yes, it is.
I think you saw an end to American democracy and intelligence
that last night in California.
You mean your political, fronty, mumbo,
Jumbo?
Doesn't even have that much influence that you can't win a,
you can't win California.
Oh, man, no.
That's a guy.
Somebody Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Neon.
Hey, uh, how are you?
Since we had the rush drug story, man,
all the right wingers are like rattling their spears.
They're all like, great.
Oh, what are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
Yeah.
They're having a fit.
They're having a Schmidt fit.
Because they know whether pop the oxy-continor, uh,
the, uh, whatever.
The Massey Pads.
Wesley Clark's campaign manager quits.
Wesley Clark's campaign manager quits,
Tuesday into the dispute over the direction of the Democratic
presidential bid, exposing a rip between the former
genitals, Washington-based advisers,
and his three-week old Arkansas campaign team.
And for that jackass for the George tapes guy to call
him line nine to the, let me just say this to you.
My show ain't on in California.
And we probably changed the whole lot of votes.
But third, man.
They heard me.
Donnie Fowler told associates that he was leaving a wire
over widespread concerns that supporters who use the Internet to
draft clock into the race are not being taken seriously by
top campaign advisers.
See, he should be learned from Howard Dean,
who's got that Internet machine.
You know what I mean?
And it's pretty damn mean.
And, uh, that's what this queen thinks about that.
Raised a lot of money from the Internet.
So Wesley Clark's already a spokesman for the campaign
declined to comment.
Fowler also complained to campaign's message and methods are
focused too much on Washington, not key states.
And the burgeoning power of the Internet said to associates
who spoke on condition, of course, of anonymity.
So there you go.
Wesley Clark's already got hit and bumps in the road.
10, 41, at 5, 60 WQM.
If you've had bumps in your carpeting or whatever the hell they
look and smell and feel like, here's the answer for you.
Dry concepts.
They're the best in the world.
When they come to your home, you won't believe what happens
when they leave your carpet smell.
Emony fresh.
They look just like brand new.
They're drawing a couple of hours and you'll swear that
somebody came in and laid carpeting brand new on your floor
while you weren't looking.
That's what a great job they do, which is why I've used them
in my house for over 20 years for a long, long time.
You ought to be doing the same thing.
They're the number one carpet cleaning company in the world.
And right now they'd like to save you a few bucks,
which everybody's interested in these days.
Aren't they?
There you go.
Dry concepts will give you a chance to say 15% on the next carpet
cleaning. Just call that toll-free number 1-800-248-5071
and ask to be put on their stand by list.
And then dry concepts will come in the next time they have an
opening in their schedule.
It's like when you fly standby, if you're available when they have
an opening, they'll knock 15% off the price.
So called dry concepts.
Today I'm asking to put you on their stand by list.
They might even open up on the day you call like today.
And you'll still get 15% off the price of the job.
And keep in mind, no rip offs, no scams, no bad surprises
when they hand you the built-in of the job because they give you
a written guaranteed price right up front before they start
doing their great job.
Call them today.
Tool-free at 1-800-248-5071.
Be sure and tell them that anti-American neopoldity call or just
anti-neil would be good.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on a web at dryconcepts.com.
This is sports window prices.
UAM.
Err.
Err.
Err.
Err.
Err.
Can't believe the language I hear on TV.
Every home the word is an obscenity.
It used to be that cable was a whole lot worse.
But now the networks let their actors curse.
There's a women's sights of this obscenity.
All the dialogue contains profanity.
Swearin' like a seller on a 3-day pass.
Words a whole lot worse than ours.
Please don't say that.
F1-F1.
Call or will it be?
It's phoning drop the F1 on a Word TV.
Oh, crap.
F1-F1.
There's no telling where.
They'll drop one on a UPM.
Oh!
Probably bring it to middle of small veil tonight.
I can't wait for Clark to just win it down.
Bird it out.
Hey, don't forget.
Yes?
Small veil.
Oh, tonight?
Tonight.
1047 at 560.
Here's a great thanks that says from one of our weird chronics.
Right now I'm proud to be an American.
It shows the American flag and where the stars in there used to be.
And the upper is got a swastika instead.
And it says, I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United Republic of America
to the dictatorship for what it's worth.
One F'd up nation under their furor with stupidity and apathy for all.
Sponsored by the SIGFREED and Roy campaign for governor.
Roy!
Oh, guess who's going to be on Larry King tonight?
SIGFREED?
Yeah.
SIGFREED fishbuckers.
Oh.
Fish what?
Fishbuckers.
Oh, oh.
Is that what it'd be on with Larry King tonight?
And you know what he's going to be saying?
Yeah, he's going to be making growling sound.
Because he's pretty unhappy about it.
Because now his livelihood went right down the turlitt.
I probably find some other sucker to go in here like, you know, play with big kids.
Sure.
That's the thing?
566705, SIGFREED fishbucker.
I wonder if he knows their group and furor.
I bet he does.
I bet you they're pretty tight right now.
264 votes.
Which of these statements do you most strongly believe Americans are poorly educated 99?
Right now I'm ashamed to be an American 61.
America's still the greatest country in the world.
53, 20% Neil is anti-American 27, 10.2%.
And Americans just don't give a shmit about politics 24, 9%, 264, a shocking total in like about a half an hour, George.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Nothing?
I think that the public is whipped up and pissed off to a frenzy this morning after seeing this debacle in California.
Even though we have a lot of people out there claiming they don't really care.
Because it isn't just about some stupid ass illiterate personality whose father was a Nazi or something like that.
It's about, and not even just about their group and furor.
It's about the fact that here we had another election stolen by the right wing in this country.
And you know, this is going to be the pattern.
And every time they don't win time, like that article I write yesterday about Tom Delay,
that we district thinking they're trying to do in Texas, so they can have a few more Republican seats in the Congress.
It's unbelievable.
And the public is, oh, here's Jay Leno.
Yeah, hey Jay, nice chin, baby.
See, they had to bring Jay Leno out because he's got a chin and Maria Don't.
Oh, good one.
Yeah, so somebody was going to play a mean chin ball.
They had to have somebody with a chin to play with it.
So they're playing with Jay Leno's chin.
God, what a disgrace.
What a, what a, a farce.
So every time there's an election result, oh, this is now who's this from.
Why is he doing this again?
Who?
PD Lenny.
I say, did you receive this yesterday?
You asked, hold on, I don't know.
I get it yesterday.
I talked about it and stopped vaccinating.
You're worse than normal.
I can't you idiot.
You moron.
PD Lenny, go away.
See, did I get it yesterday?
Go the hell away.
Okay, I wish I hope that the Mack truck runs over your ugly ass.
God.
It's just, it's pathetic.
Pathetic.
The first lesson I want to give to all you kids out there when you grow up in about 30, 40 years.
How many?
About 30, man.
Don't give out your phone number, your fax number to any assholes.
Okay, because it's sure enough they'll use it.
Good lesson.
Don't give it out.
When in doubt, don't give it out.
PD freaking Lenny, my ass.
Go away, you jackass.
You okay?
You cybillin.
You cigarster Indian clown.
Always do this because they're all obsessed.
They're just their entire life revolves around this program.
In three years or if I should quote sooner, like in a few days.
About 30, man.
What the hell are these people gonna do?
Fold up their tent and just throw it all up to Vegas.
That's right.
Probably be on the cartoon on our website next.
W-Q-I-M.
Yes, hello.
Hello?
Yes, speaking.
How you doing?
Okay.
Oh, hey, you knew I was expecting to be put on hold.
I got a question for you.
Yeah.
A couple days ago, somebody called and told you about the movie
with Johnny Depp.
Did you get a chance to look at it?
Not yet.
Behind the night, behind the something, behind the fall.
Behind the fall.
Before night falls.
Before night falls.
Before night falls.
Right.
Before winter, there's fall.
All right.
I was trying to look for it, but I couldn't remember the name.
And even somebody else, but the George say,
if somebody said it was damn good.
I heard it was good from all kinds of facts.
I heard it was damn good.
Damn, okay.
Well, thanks a lot.
Okay.
How you enjoy?
Enjoy it, Pally.
Because time's running out.
Probably not going to be able to get any videos.
Probably only going to be able to get government approved videos
and stores from coast to coast.
Probably slot busters going to be deciding what you can see
and who you can think and what you can read.
Better go out and get that new Michael Moore's,
Michael Moore's, dude, where's my country book today?
Do we have to order that from Canada?
Yeah, but not if you're smoking a big fan.
That one.
Now, I do have to go out and get that today, eh?
Because pretty soon there'll be not going to be that off the shelves, too.
Because freedom is a thing that have passed in America.
You can't complain about our freedoms.
Now, the Patriot Act 3, 4 and 5 are going to come along,
which means that you can't fart in public.
Or even in private.
You've got to hold it.
And if you have like a duty look on your face
or if anybody thinks that you might be a little bit to the left
of a till of a Han man, you're a dumb hope.
That's all.
So lie a lot.
That's the best thing to do.
I personally love this president.
283 votes on our poll.
There's pouring in the votes today.
They're pouring in.
Now, how about some suggestions for our other poll here?
I mean, a little by little.
What?
We got like one at a time.
Oh, they're coming down the fence?
Yeah.
Well, what about on the phone?
If I take a lot more calls and stop BS in here, maybe I'd get some.
What was the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie?
Father Karris and the exorcist?
Melting Nazis and Raiders of the Lost Ark?
Well, you know, Father Karris and the exorcist, you know,
we didn't really see him.
We saw him go down the window down the stairs.
What we did see at the bottom of the stairs.
Right.
Come into me.
Come into me.
Kind of like what Kathy Willett's always used to say.
Come into me.
WQAM.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, have you ever seen the movie Final Destination 2?
No.
There is every death scene in that movie is like, is hideous.
Really?
Yes.
And you know what?
I tried to get through yesterday for your poll about who still looks good in age well.
You remember Gone Well from Gilligan Island.
Good choice.
I hated that.
You remember Jennifer Willes?
Thanks, Neil.
I love your show, man.
Okay.
Thanks, Pally.
You know, see that dirty little nervous life on this Jennifer Willes?
How about the scene from the alien where the mini monster comes out of these cyber-bots
test cavity at the dinner table for your poll?
And George Wright said, wasn't the cyber-bot, but it was still a good choice.
Yeah.
So I wrote it down.
It's not the tumor.
So we got it.
I'm not going to write it down.
I'll let you write it down.
It's a long ear.
Because this requires a lot of iris.
What?
Going to go nuts.
Too bad.
Too bad.
We won't do this again, Eric, until maybe tomorrow.
We won't do this again.
We want to impose on his generosity and his time because he's a very, very busy guy.
Many, many meals to eat.
Look at this.
We're going to have 300 votes in the next couple of minutes here in next maybe 30 seconds.
How many?
About 30, man.
Man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
A chevitz.
So what's the deal out with Pharrellis?
He's going to do a religious show on a station?
Paid religion.
That's the way to go.
Scott, forget about ego, forget about all of a sudden bullcrap, forget about sports.
Just paid religion, man.
You can bring on some different faker every day and charge him like by the minute.
We're going to get a basket and pass it.
Now, Tis could attack it.
Let's put some into basket.
That helped us.
Oh, God.
Which of these statements do you most strongly believe?
301 votes.
Americans are poorly educated.
109.
Right now, I'm ashamed to be an American.
73 that's 24.2% of this audience is ashamed to be an American with this president with that
government, California, even with 3,000 miles away.
America, of course, look what we got.
America is still the greatest country in the world.
62, 20.45%.
There you go.
You keep saying that pretty soon.
You'll believe it.
Neil is anti-American 29.6%.
Americans don't give a shmit about politics.
28 out of 300 and 1 vote so far.
Their group of fewer is the governor of California.
And then the Michael Moore is on there.
And obviously, Tom and cheeky.
He said that he even suggested this book Oprah for president.
That's what it takes, man.
That's what America has become.
How about Oprah for president?
I'll vote for that bitch.
Anybody to get these Nazis out of there?
And then, Sola that says, oh, do you think America is really ready for a black female president?
Solae, Dad, O'Brien, man.
Bubblehead would be an insult.
If I called her a bubblehead, it'd be an insult to every bubblehead who's ever been born and was ever crawled around on a face of the globe.
She is a simple, a simple simple, then Solae, Dad, O'Brien.
Another big proof for the certainly not news network is they scraped her ass up off the MSNBC carpet.
Good God.
Even dry concepts would have tossed her ass away.
That's what a piece of crap she is.
Solae, Dad.
And then you got Aaron Brown with his pasty red wig.
And then you got Jeff Goldblum who sits on air.
Who don't want to say that?
Not Jeff Cool.
What's his in Jeff Greenfield?
Same guy.
Did he ever see him, Jeff Greenfield?
Was he in the fly, too?
Yeah, he should have been.
I only only wish.
God.
Just another whiny guy who doesn't say anything.
And well, the voters said.
And then there's that Wolf Blitzkrieg man who looks like he's ready for the next moon meeting.
He ever see him and Rudolph has together.
In fact, I hear Wolf Blitzkrieg gets his gas at his.
That's what I'm hearing.
1057 at 560 WQM.
By the way, those sounds that you hear coming from California.
Those who get your hip-hop maybe and start doing old goose step.
Everybody knows what goose, but nothing but the old goose step.
That's what we're doing.
Hey, let me tell you right now a great place where you can get away from all this crap.
And that's Halette Pontiac GMC.
Go down there and chop her a new vehicle or a used one in comfort.
Would it be a small on your push?
Because they treat you right.
That's why Halette Pontiac's been around over 35 years.
And that's in great location.
And right now my good buddies Tom Laman and Joe Pareto are giving you the best deals going anywhere
because it's the big 2003 Neo Rodgers blowout sale at Halette right now this moment.
Here's Neo Deal number one.
You can save yourself up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year.
Plus get deep discounts and all remaining 2003 models are put in the economy on Vaux XL.
Neo Deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five long excruciating years.
And listen to this, you can lease at Halette right now a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT
for only 259 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and you pay only 25 hundred bucks out of pocket.
And Halette like always liked it done for years has got the best selection in town, a certified pre-owned car's trucks and SUVs.
No fruit, no lemon on the lot in that joint.
And if credit is a problem for you when you shop for a vehicle, if you've been turned out in the past,
if they like raise your eyebrow and roll their eyes, it's not a problem because Halette wants to cut your deal.
It's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Halette Pontiac GMC, 134-01 South Dixie Highway that's US 1 across in the falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want yourself more info call the Neo Deal Hotline Tool 3 at 1-885-344-121.
That's 1-885-344-121. Don't forget all Neo deals. Subject to credit to Provel City folks in Halette Fort details.
That's Halette Pontiac GMC who say proudly we are, we be professional great.
My life is local, we are sports radio 560, US, UAM.
I've been a user for a long time.
If anybody has opinion, dissenting from all ways, we'll place your name into the system and send a me out this day.
Don't even bother to question, just follow and don't fail.
Everybody's running fast, it's as if you were staying in the act of patriotism.
You're watching all of you, everyone does a suspicion, so what you do is a suspicion.
And all you might miss is in which power landation has just USA.
You gotta hate those Jews and Clinton's liberals too.
Believe everything we carry on the state run you.
Blood war and forth for blood fill up your escalaries.
A roof and tiny bush venue, back as USA.
We don't want to steal our jobs so, but that economy's good.
We're fascinated by trade, no, no need no stupid rules.
No, all the hour is crazy, the facts are Vatican way.
Everybody's earning vases, such as USA.
Love it 04560 WDQAM, Sieg Hyle, baby.
Everybody go step a couple of steps across the aluminum right now in your office and put that arm proudly, that right arm up at that 45 degree angle and say, Sieg Hyle, let's do it.
Come on.
Be role-focusing on next step, the economy.
Right.
Dear Gropenfuer, muscles is way to office, so what now writes Steve Lopez in the days L.A. Times?
He says you can count the days now until Arnold Schwarzenegger is governor of California and great Davis is working as a coupier at the Marango Casino in Amazon.
The final tally isn't in as I pour myself a celebratory drink on Tuesday night, but we've got something even more solid than a final tally.
See, and just as Jay Leno was about to make a victory appearance with Schwarzenegger.
Perfect.
A campaign that began with the late night comedian might be notarized by him, and so we've had our little revolution and the new emperor is their Gropenfuer, which in Austrian means, governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
By the way, those who believe the L.A. Times was trying to knock out Schwarzenegger last week with stories about his growing proclivities over looked to important points.
First, if the plan was to knock him out, the stories would have run much sooner than they did when they might have had done some damage.
Second, any self-respecting hack would rather have Schwarzenegger to write about than Davis.
In fact, I'm from Northern California and I'm thinking of moving back.
I'll just have to wait and see if Schwarzenegger decides to actually live in a state capital or take the private jet home to Brentwood each night.
One thing I have to say about Arnold is that his victory was no fluke.
Yes, we all know this was primarily about the hated governor great Davis not Schwarzenegger.
We know there was growing rage about the way businesses done in Sacramento were lobbyist on every lawmaker, and we all know Californians believe that and ripped off on everything from electric bills to vehicle license fees, and they're not too happy about having the show off for illegals about to flock north for the free driver's licenses Davis is passing out.
But let's give Arnold the credit he deserves.
If you can trample your own campaign promises, avoid talking about fixes for the state's problems, drive a hummer in Smog City, get accused of poising 15 women and still captivate an electorate in which Democrats hold a huge advantage, you deserve to be governor and the people deserve you.
I'm reminded of the candidate, the film in which Robert Redford plays a rookie who pulls off an upset and wins election of the US Senate.
In the last scene, Redford turns to his campaign manager and asks, what do we do now?
That's the $10 billion plus question for governor Arnold and all of California now that this latest advantage in sunrise democracy is drawing to a close.
Right now we've got fiscal and ideological impasse, the state librarian Kevin star, Republicans want no new tax, there's no new anything and let's lay everybody off, it's the meat cleaver approach.
The Democrats on the other hand have got to learn something from the Republicans, you just can't spend, spend, spend like you're on a sugar high.
Sure, but in such a polarized culture, how can Arnold or anybody else get the Republicans and Democrats to agree on the time of day, let alone find common ground on whacking programs, putting it into borrowing and be working the tax system?
There's only one way it can happen and you may not like hearing it, you're going to have to hold them accountable, which means you've got to start paying attention to stories about state government even when they don't directly involve big boy.
Early in the recall campaign, I wrote the following paragraph about the life cycle of the average eligible voter in California, pay no attention, pay no attention, pay no attention, get happy mad about what happened about no one was paying attention, sign a petition, skip the election, complain briefly about the consequences, pay no attention, pay no attention, pay no attention.
That's right, you're responsible for the state's promises, anybody else. Half of you didn't bother to vote in the 2002 election for governor, you probably still don't know who your state assembly and the Senate representatives are.
You saw dozens of stories in this newspaper about the state budget and quickly flipped to the TV listings, you saw stories about campaign finance reform and you latched into a coma.
You didn't even pay attention when I told you Davis had an obsessive compulsive fundraising disorder and that we were going to pay dearly.
You run CS until a celebrity action hero through his Mr. Universe crowded into the ring, then all of a sudden your nap was over, you were a student of state politics and you buttoned the idea that a recall could fix everything.
Well, guess what Sparky? I like the idea of a Republican Muslim writing heard over a spin happy Democratic legislature, but nothing's going to be fixed overnight no matter what you were promised during his campaign.
In fact, as you read this, the governor is probably looking at this team and asking, what do we do now?
Good article by Steve Lopez in today's LA Times.
Their broken fewer muscles is way too often so what now?
So good. Isn't that great?
Their broken fewer. Oh, let's don't ever forget that line. What a great.
Here's governor, broken fewer.
Let's go step, baby. Come on.
Forget the twist. Forget the holy gully. Forget all of these things. Forget the hip hop crap. Let's go step.
It's the American F and way now.
355 votes on a pool. The audience is foaming at them out today. They're like rabid. They got rabbis.
Which of these statements do you most strongly believe Americans are poorly educated 131 right now?
I'm ashamed to be an American 81 America is still the greatest country in the world. 78 Niel is anti American 34 9.5% and Americans don't give a shmit about politics 31 or 355 votes.
A spectacular total in dust and an hour George. I think I think we ever had in less than an hour.
I think it's time for a hour of power. Maybe a shower. Sounds good to me.
That'd be a golden shower. Wait to hear this story.
I love it. Isn't that interesting? We're leading in our pool and you people are getting it right by the way.
Americans are poorly educated. What's in here this now? The Gallup News Service granted George Gallup as a well known Republican pollster.
Even though it doesn't call himself such, but he's a right-winger. Not a real extreme right-winger, but like, you know, for four years before there really was a rabid right-wing.
But anyway, regardless of that, I believe it.
Princeton, New Jersey Gallup Organization reports 45% of Americans believe the newsmeat in this country are too liberal.
While only 14% say the newsmeat are too conservative, these people must have never discovered Fox News Channel yet, huh? They haven't found it yet.
These perceptions of liberal inflation have not changed over the last three years. A majority, and they must not have been watching the news during the Operation Iraqi Freedom Business on MSNBC and certainly not news network and all these others because all of the fawning and the flag waving and the ass sucking was just, I guess, my imagination.
These perceptions of liberal inflation haven't changed over the last three years. A majority of Americans who describe their political views as conservative perceive liberal leanings in the media while only about a third of self-described liberals perceive conservative leanings.
See, the problem in America isn't conservative, boys and girls. The problem is everybody else liberals, moderates, independence. That's the problem.
I realize that politics sucks and it's boring and everybody much rather worried about getting some free Marlon tickets and getting laid a couple of times.
But the bottom line is that it's the other people who are sitting back on her ass while people like Arnold and everybody else is like in a feeding frenzy now.
They've goose-step their way right there in broad daylight, right in Dave County. Let us in. Let us in. They stole the guy demolition right there in front of your post with a help of their hired paid hedgehogs.
They've been on the Supreme Court. It is absolutely unbelievable is what it is. How there can be so many stupid people, 270 million people. How many people in IQ larger than their thumb? How many things?
About 30,000. Maybe 30,000. 5,670, 560. What's the most horrifying death scene ever in the movies are? We'll keep this on for a while, because I like the way we're getting that response. Don't you?
How are you doing, man? Pretty good. Okay, what about the Scarface? The... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what
the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the
what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what's the... what
the... the... the... the... the... the...
that you know and love some of you don't even know but you will love once you
top them on your foot rock ports echoes mafisto kimberland parks s a s
floor shaman lots more and speaking of Tom Welling whose feet are swelling
size 14 man oh man wow they got they could fit Tom they can fit you because
they got all the sizes going man size 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and
width from the very narrow to the very wide or like what's your name says
Jessica Simpson the plenty what does she call it what you call it what you call it
and a pat on a push sizes to and with over 40,000 perishes and stocking
their gigantic 8,000 square foot megastore believe you me what you're looking
for they got it right now you can bet Scott Jr's life on it and you get
friendly personal service so they make sure you get a perfect fit every time
and you walk out with a big smile on your purse brandy shoes at 1290 North
Federal Highway in Pompoville Beach they're open daily nine till nine
Sundays 10 to five and all this week it's the big gigantic red tag sale at
Brandy's you can take 50% off on all famous brand name shoes with the red tag
so stop in the store for sure this week in the take a whole bunch of
pair or pairs whatever you like or fruits come in and visit them on the
web at Brandy's shoes dot com
this is Portrayal by 60
oh yeah I think I'm gonna pass you story you can't deceive in 10 to
flower because the hell of unsubans in no way this is there must be 50 more
keys the same color you know I can buy the new rules not only for Marlantiggas
free antenna flowers today or anybody now this fact you send me is that Al that says
or AC what is that Al I guess I don't know Al says was Scott kidding what's
real story see I don't know if Scott was kidding because I don't know what the
family said because we don't get a chance to listen right and then of course
the crossover ended about is it abruptly is like just like that I thought he was
just reading Bible passages this morning but our our crossover there was like
like I said that was pretty much it well he was in a big hurry to go in here and
bitch at him and scream and jump up and down like Rumpel Stillskin good luck
Scott you'll leave it it says by the way I have a ticket for you to the Marlant
series Sunday well well first I have no idea who this is and what does that mean
I don't know I'm gonna be there to go to the game no no so maybe there's a
ticket for you Scott yeah just call out for your self as me just call Al and say
hey that ticket that you have for Neil he ain't gonna be here and he don't want it
but I'll take it for Saturday or Sunday or whatever you want to give it to me by
the way how about those Marlant's huh no interest in that in this crowd no
no calls just like yesterday no interest in that whatsoever let's get back to
the important stuff the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie all we do
have 405 votes on the other pull which is pretty damn impressive aren't you
excited I think you should just leave it go you want to leave that up there all
they can work on this one all day and then do it and then put it up there
tomorrow which I want to we do tomorrow see that's not good thinking you have to
be thinking ahead you're not thinking ahead you're not thinking clearly your
judgment is clouded by all the pressure and hysteria and psychosis that's going
on in that building oh what the which one on here most of which is of course being
spread by yeah what nothing well that's where most of the psychosis in a
staring at building gets generated and whipped up because of and his emotional
breakdowns which happen like every day every hour on the hour although we
did have a good health report this morning that's good how's that cold yeah he
calls Doc the Neilder let me know how his innerids are doing and his back home
and all these other things in his private and etc. his corpals he's thinking of
getting one of his nipples pierces what he said really no five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line look at that
pull 405 votes I am so proud and pleased which of these statements do most
strongly believe Americans are poorly educated 36.7% of this crowd that's
149 people say yeah they say right or a scout would say right now I'm ashamed
to be an American 92 22.7% America is still the greatest country in the world
87 21.4% can't they don't want to be confused by the facts Neal is
anti-American 41 10.1% is again I put myself in a position of being a human
punching bag and I don't mind because I've had 30 years experience how many
and Americans don't give a shmit about politics 36 because obviously if they
did we wouldn't have the what's the title they could openheimer they could open
fewer yeah the group and high knee the group and fewer wouldn't be the governor
of California today regardless of what an asshole great Davis what see again I
don't blame them I blame the Democrats what kind of a candidate is the city of
Cruz-Bus de Monte yeah what a joke that is always the same old crap man you
got Michael Duke caucus in Walter Mondale all these other wimpy wimpy weasley
Al Gore wooden Al Gore who did win the election by the way but of course not
by enough not by enough to avoid the steel do you know he's not California what
you starting up with that again he won by a landslide and speaking of landslides
Arnold won by over million votes last night over a crew the city of Cruz-Bus de
Monte over Jose and Freddie Cruz 1.2 million I think it won by like 3.5 the 2.3
something like that in fact if I wasn't so lazy and I went to the CNN website
nobody cares how they do because it's got the updated number on there if I can
find them thing here comes it's coming yeah 3.567 3 million 567000
Schwarzenegger Bustamani 2.383 so it won by damn near 1.2 million votes over
Cilla Cruz so nice going Democratic Party in California now what do you got
your ass whipped okay by a superstar by the Terminator he's terminating great
Davis he doesn't have any answers to anything it is not how they're gonna
eliminate that 10 billion dollar deficit he has no ideas about anything going
he hasn't got a clue about education because he never had one himself but he sure
knows how to squeeze a hot ass off to that or even a lukewarm one
5.670560 pound 560 you don't think we ought to put the other pool on
there today what do you think Scott why not why not what put it on there sure yeah
I agree with you this this is to I don't know I mean we had a really phenomenal
response and it's good but now let's move out of important stuff like death
scenes WQM death central
yeah yes sir how you doing I can't believe yesterday that somebody came
up that left John Collins off that that poll yesterday yeah she don't look
at day over 100 yeah Elizabeth Taylor too she's like about what yeah she
looks already okay go back to New York you're killing us 5.670560 pound 560
on the 18t you know let me say it again all these people who listen to talk
shows for all these years and they think that there's all these hundreds and
hundreds of people are called talk shows there's only the same people right same
voices like that first one right out of the bar in the second one line nine
there that guy can I have the George tape please always with that same like the
same tone I think he's got it on a tape see he wasn't really going to his
computer he was starting the tape up so we hear the sound of his own voice and
squeeze it all day long he's squeezing and squeezing nothing's happening but he's
squeezing God very very sad the misfits so many misfits in so little time
including the ones who are monitoring and they're sitting there and they're
listening and they're writing their letters and they're making their phone calls
and they're making up names and they're doing all this other crap yet our
freaking life that's my message okay wacky one and all you other ones out there
get a life all you people in your closets with your skeletons rattling around
every side you running around in your underwear yanking it all day long go get a
life oh fine one get a search party okay 26 past 11 at 560 WQM we got our big
Wednesday one and two hour today all we can say about that is all right that man
thank the Lord thank you God hallelujah and thank goodness that none of us be
living in California see you thought it was bad with Jeb Bush Jeb Joe I say
this I bite my tongue saying it to the point that blood is dripping down my
chin Jeb Bush is a rocket scientist he's a genius compared to what they got in
California yeah you notice with all those millions of votes last night they got
98% of votes counted already huh it's what it's only like 8 30 in the morning in
California right now they got 98% counted absentee made up for what everyone's
they wanted that's incredible how they did that beats me they were checking for
hanging chads and hanging fads and cats and a few moms and dads
and some of them Californians are looking for some young lads but nevertheless
Arnold's got the big nads 26 past 11 let's just look how embarrassing that is to
Florida the fact they got like millions and millions and they had like over a
70% turnout they broke all records last night drug and a turnout because
they're pissed off and fired up at Gray Davis and they had the honor they had a
big move the terminator but more could you want what a combination even at
that what is that place where I have the poison meat check in the box check in
a box they never had a combo plate like that now here's a fact that says what
happened to Ferrell this morning is Greg Reed trying to censor him I guess he
likes to screw with the talent of QM remember Joe Rosen says Greg Reed you are an
asshole but there's a lot a lot of heavy duty crap going on I'm not gonna get
stuck in the middle of it okay because I already sacrificed two years of my
life some years back and had to go through all kinds of hell and crap and I'm all
for Ferrell I stand by him on a 98% except for the 2% where he don't know where to
draw the line that's that's my comment amen just yes I said amen yeah that's
right we're all behind your Ferrell but just you know tone it down a little bit
just use some common sense that article it's almost like a self-fulfilling
prophecy that thing in the her way tool Kevin Baxter that he has this
propensity to go and self-destruct all the time and blow up like a
goddamn overblown balloon you know well just put it back a little bit
everybody still love you you don't have to say crap more than two three times
today and you sure don't have to take more than two or three a day so just
calm down we don't want to lose for well because then you know who we're gonna
have back on his lead in oh geez and I'm not going back tonight at clock I
want to make that announcement public right now this show is 10 to 2 period end of
conversation got it good got it 28 past 10 11 10 in the central time zone in
puria hey if your macros sucks if it's worn out if it's lumpy and it's bumping
your back tells you the answer because when you get up in the morning you feel
like you haven't slept at all here's the way to solve that mess by one simple
call the dial amacres even the uh diff what is it again can't can't think of the name
of it the group and fewer you could open for your smart enough to figure that out
just a one easy call you probably have Maria dial a number dial amacres every
single day 365 days a year offers you the top names that unbeatable prices they
got silly sort of temper pete ximines king coasters and foster he would so
call one 800 macros that's all you have to do and I hope you pick out the best
macros for you and you're back in the way you like to sleep like inside out
upside down on top of a bunch of people when you call 180 hey 800 macros you
pick the day and time for delivery to any to our window that you like when
you're going to be home seven days a week from 8 a.m till 10 p.m they show up on
time and you'll be sleeping with a big smile and that ugly push so pick up that
full today and call dial amacres with low prices same day delivery free
set up and hopefully it's easy to see what the best in the world and customer
satisfaction please don't get yourself pulled and sucked in but those
mattress your arms are furniture store ads they're not in the same league with
dial amacres one 800 macros that's all you do is make that one simple call
you'll be glad you did one 800 m a t t r a s or online it's macros dot com
my life and look all this is for 305 60
a way and way and
Billy Maze here the guy who brought you oxy clean and orange clean now I've
got a new product that harnesses another all-natural cleanser introducing
feces clean look at that red wine stain on this carpet think you have to throw
it out think again just a few squirts of feces clean and look at that now you
won't even care about the wine stain and feces clean even turns the carpet
back to its original color as long as it was brown let's put feces clean
to work on this iodine stain the patented brown foaming action and the
distinctive odor is how you know feces clean is working now just wipe it away
with a crumpled piece of this two-ply wiping tissue free with your purchase
take it for me I should know I'm Billy Maze my initials are BM and feces
clean works everywhere your home office garage boat or RV anyplace accidents
happen it even works on pesky chocolate stains and stubborn skid marks I'm Billy
Maze telling you that when stains gotta go you gotta go with feces clean
older now my my 1134 26 till noon at 560 WQM we got the humper we got the
mad dog at two don't forget him all right and in the humper is on in a stew
the afforded seven this afternoon rare local appearance then you got the
marlin pregame with Tommy Hutton and on Casper at the seven o'clock tonight 745
Marlins on deck so the first one is just like a little four-play a little
rubber and little squeeze 745 is Marlins on deck for 35 minutes of excruciating
pregame of four-play and then eight twenty the marlins at the cubs as they
try to take a stranglehold on the series open in a first two in Chicago
what's eight people say Chicago can't stand or whatever any k follows the baseball
game and the mark isonberg over that where's the Joe where's Joe mama in fact
I noticed last night we had mark isonberg solo you got mark isonberg solo
tonight let's take a puket to the rest of the week maybe Joe's on vacation maybe
where is it where where is it clearance we go from Ed Kaplan Thursday are we
signing off is that what the deal is even more it's got what is this all about man
these guys can't even make up the schedule and they're given instructions to
people good god although I don't blame clearance so much you know who I really
blame for all of this psychosis yeah just because he gets emotional when I do
that I love I love watching him cry five six seven oh five sixty here's some
faxes for our pool let's get the other one off here is the final total four
hundred sixty five votes astonishing and just over now like I said four hundred
and seventy one votes they're pouring in there pouring in which of these
statements do it you think we get in a free today or something why would be on
this I don't know exactly this is the kind of full a full we get the preept on which
of these statements to most strongly believe four hundred and seventy one votes
Americans are poorly educated 180 right now I'm ashamed to be an American one
oh three America still the greatest country in the world one hundred and two
Neil is anti-American forty four that's nine point three percent and Americans
don't give a shmit about politics forty two out of four hundred and seventy one
nearly five hundred votes always and girls in just over an hour today so let's get
the important pull up there the one about the death scenes I know what would have
been your favorite death scene of all time if the guy would have died but he's
still alive how do you like that drag them off the stage like a rag doll but he's
still alive and he's given the thumbs up in the high five in the high sign and
the high sign a scary and effective that scene is Casey Becker is Drew
Barramore murder with the beginning of screen but I was very appropriate that
you just played that you know you were aware of the other psychic
you know the writer show the world's most psychic show ever forget about that
John Edward what that was you know he's a piker and a fake and a Charlotte and a
bag and a Izzy well listen to it do they speak like this oh yeah do you have like
runaway ethos when he speak oh no here's American history x American history
x yeah it was not a bad movie at all a murder put your mouth on the curb yeah it
was very a disturbing oh really yeah you see a Kenny saw that that's why you see
if Kenny's got a little bit of a problem you've watched as too many of those
movies but thanks you see a Kenny American history x get that on there but what is
the oh I see that's the scene put your mouth on the curve yeah see this is a
little bit complicated which is why I'm not right to done because I'm too whipped
up into a frenzy day with all the stuff that's going down and going on and
going in and going out old in and out all over the place I wrote curb stomping
murder well whatever you put on air I'm sure Eric can relate to it because he
he understands these things he's got a sick and sick and you know you the rest
of the suggestions I just facts to the the list as we had it oh he'll email you
the rest okay you got it Eric got it get it and let me say it again everybody
in this listing audience must go today even if you don't care about the bedtime
stories which we got great ones on here including there are for a fewer
grouper do I get it right that time they're fewer grouper the grouper and
fewer oh I can't well when you get to be old you know they're grouper and fewer I
just I like saying it that grouper and fewer it sounds so legitimate so it's
chime in what was the most terrifying that scene ever in a movie but anyway I
started to say go to where our webspage webspage because our webspage because what
you'll see there the pretty good thing about being Arnold is in now and in fact
we got a bunch of fascist in Washington is that everybody the new law is
starting at 10 o'clock in the morning or even if you get up like at seven or
eight for breakfast tiny can man that spear and high knee can every morning by
seven a.m. start the trucking them down because the what high-nequin that's the
tiny can that's the Dutch and the train in a way do lever now where the hell is it it's
out there it is right underwards is click here to make new Roger show your home page oh I got a good
wait a minute let me do you know how these assholes color well could you play this and then play that back to back
and how they do well let me give this a try I think this might even amuse me I want to get through you can say to
that amuse use let me just give it a try okay all right now that's not it see I can't do it right
that's all right we got lots of time we're doing sure no we don't have lots of time this is Wednesday man
here let me try this and what's the other one now oh here it is well I don't want to give you the
tip off they don't want to be exciting it probably won't be anyway see it went over bigger than
Hall of Rhyme Manhattan man that was good I might want to do that again but there's a simpler way to do it
one moment please see this easy way to do it is like yeah like that so take a peek at
and don't forget see a sig a sig a sig a sig a sig a high old grubber has got to be a malaria king tonight
sig freed and without roar obviously what's his last name again grute uh
I think his name is um shiko gruber oh he used to be a house painter before
out of the tiger dodging business w-y-m-no yes sir viva Schwarzenegger viva out your ass moron
viva Schwarzenegger viva fidel man viva fidel come cracker w-y-m-no he's a cracker trying to be a hulio
q-a-m hey damn yes sir probably try to tie on some foreskin yes hey um joe custolo's having a
tons of like to me he's having to press the press the press the the black to me no he's one well he
needs one of those two but uh the main reason he's out is because of the tons of like to me is he
really a guy his age never had his tonsils out everybody was saying that my tonsils
how about you sorry the last couple of weeks he was he was kind of debating back and forth he
even asking for for advice from the audience you know that's whether he should go forward with it
if anybody puts a vest to find out from the audience i mean for crying a lot of guy his age
uh two laid his point to wait for his tonsils to get tickled let's get him out hey by the way uh
um okay the bergson nickname for joe mini cuido okay and have a great day okay there's one of
those uh joe and mark people how many of them are there five thirty man there's one of them
nineteen till noon at five sixty w a.m. what is it their group in their group in their group in
group in group in fiora tension audio mortgage shoppers out there the following message could save
you all i have a lot of money tens of thousands of dollars interest rates for home loans are shooting
up dramatically just like some of our former board ops but they're still an interest rate available
at just one point ninety five percent from financial groups so call and fight out what it's all
about call one eight hundred nine four oh land it's true the economy's changing so if you even
think about refinancing your home or if you want to move up to a better real estate investment
this is what you ought to do pick up that instrument right now call financial group and they'll
explain it to you there's no obligation call one eight hundred nine four oh land wait till you
these payments you get when you have only one point ninety five percent interest rate hundred
thousand dollar loan you pay only three sixty eight a month a two hundred thousand dollar loan
your payments are only seven hundred and thirty six a month even a piker can afford that so call
financial group and give you the low amazing shocking one point nine five percent interest rate you've
been dreaming and praying for one eight hundred nine four oh land that's one eight hundred nine four oh
il e n d the renequal housing lender credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly five point
one nine e pr five and local this is five six years the radio's all yours
you
by am i'm low-grade i made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
e
e
i
they're
Churchman's well and bad man wants to bring back Hitler's love
And I sell my douchebag
Hey Philip, I'm your my skirt
Watch out my rose beef squirt
Don't look hard, see what the gas
One of my favorite fat
I would like Roy Colesoo
If only he was a little Jew
Ah!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
Please, look at that
If there's any shirt to out
Why would we just go
Where our rose beef hanging
Oving past
My fat crush to be here
I know that ain't told me true
So instead here's what I'll do
I'll give my camel toe a good rub
My halacostates make me come
Look at that
Look at that
Look at that
Lumber 47, 13 to the limit, 560, Q, and don't forget Wednesday
That means our gigantic are lovely, 1 to 2 hour, we love it
Louise Fletcher in the movie Brainstorm with Chris Walker and Natalie Wood
Somebody says for our list
Alright, I sent it along
Is that a good movie?
Yeah, it's okay
But it sounds so sensational
Who was it horrifying?
But whatever
Whatever they say
Well, the poll question is what was the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie?
Who were we to argue with them?
Yeah, who the hell are you?
To argue with them
Natalie Wood's somebody who, as she got older, she looked great
Who's that?
Natalie Wood
Well, she didn't get too old
See, if she would have had the same skills as Sheridan on passion, she'd probably still be alive today
But very what?
But a little on a moist side, yeah
Well, that's how most of you guys want them on a moist side
5,670560
Count 560 on the AT&T
See, I haven't voted yet
I'm kind of like in the catch 22 here, you know
I haven't voted because my choice, which I don't even know what my choice would be
But if you're as many of these, I'll pick something
It's just one of them
Father Karrison the exorcist
I mean, that was like kind of nasty when he went to ploppin down his stairs there
And his head kind of like twisted around and asked backward
But by that time we'd, by that time in a movie we'd seen so much
Gore and cut some slime and puke that
It didn't really make that much, it was kind of anti-correct
Right, we were a little jaded by that
Yeah
But I'm not saying that that's not a good choice
Because then Shron who said it's the pull, who get all, you know, bent out of shape, stuff like that
All I want to ask you
Tell me, why you do this to me?
And Raiders of the Lost Ark I didn't see
Please tell me, I'm afraid
Yeah, I mean, that was more cool than horrifying
In pale priest in the omen, I did see that
I guess I'll vote for that even though it would not be my choice
It was, you know
It was okay
What about in the godfather, any of the three?
A lot of people got murdered but I don't think there was any horrifying death scene
Even more good
Someone was pretty fun
You mean when they turned them in like walking Swiss cheese
I did to my boy
Oh look at this, the top 50 more
Yeah, there you go
Just back, that's Eric
Wow
Well, we're not allowed, you're not doing that, are you kidding?
Also, great article in playboy
November 2003
God and Satan in
Wow, and Bentonville
What about Walmart?
God and Satan, yeah, I don't know
Plus it's all over with you
Oh, you're right about that
What horrible handwriting on here
But thank you for the list from the internet
Top 50 movie death scenes
Good fellow stamped, see it's put that's not even right supposed they stopped not stamped
So whoever put this on the web is a illiterate jackass
Stop kicked last stab and shot. Who was that?
The rubber stamp who was that?
Good question maybe the guy that they own good that's a good question. I don't know. I don't know
I think he's the scene from Casino
No Casino baseball batting and buried alive
Blade
Frost turns into a blood blister
Dear hunter Russian roulette
Man bites dog old woman shouted to death
Platoon of this is a great list
Psycho we got that pulp fiction accidental face shot
Yeah, it was good. Seven fed to death
Fed to death
But Nick
Why it was gluttony
Who was fed to death in seven
The fat guy who was he was that they forgot about the forced that in until he died
I just want to know what was in the box
Thelma Louise offer clip that's a good place for him the godfather. That's what you said Santino
The cobo shooting
Shot something on the cause weight
And then they catch me
You ought to just you're right. Thanks. This list in there. I mean it'll break you just drive him nuts, huh?
Here goes
Eric we apologize. No way no no. Well, this is great
Just blame whoever facts this marker whatever disguise whoever sent this to us. I can't read his chicken scratching
It's the 50 top movie dead scenes and you can vote for your favorite one
That's the idea of the poll nightmare on Elm Street hollowed out by Freddie or we can just go home
Hannibal disemboweled and hung
I've seen a few movies where guys were hung
The wicker man Burton side of wicker man. That was good movie the rock or the wicker man was good
Yes, it was oh see now when I were back
I know movies again boys and girls when I started going out and spending a lot of money like I did during the summer
That's a sleeper see now now bird echo naked one flow of the coupons that suffocated by the beginning that wasn't horrifying at all that was
That's ridiculous huh melancholy little side, but nevertheless had happened not horrifying
So cross that maybe you should cross some of these down before you factor is okay Eric. I'm gonna fix it again with some crossed out
Now
Braveheart hung drawn and quartered I was pretty
Mission crucified it over a waterfall
Train spotting toxic so-plast Moses which thank God I didn't oh no
Yeah, I told you you didn't get to the good parts brain pops from cat
Schmidt isn't that lovely
The untouchables Connery machine gun to death oh thank God
So tired of him already
White heat made it mod of the top of the world
Gross point blank pended the throat deliver and shot by an arrow and I was pretty grim seen
I thought horrifying was what happened in Ed Vady though. Welcome
Uh
Hell razor skim ripped apart by fishing hooks raiders of lost dark melted by angels time cop doppelganger's merged to death
The mummy flesh eating scarov's I'm gonna scratch a lot of these out
Bush Cassidy in the Sundance kid shot by the Bolivian army jaws bitten in half
Starship troopers the Adina Claude in the back. Yeah, that was pretty unpleasant
Robo cop melted by toxic waste
That was funny warlock saw water death
Taxi driver killed by lone gunman running man chainsaw balls
Kiss of the dragon head blood rush. Oh head blood rush
Top of you more rush
The deep
Connery will bite head off diver
Scarface that we got that one right
Yes
Uh
Henry forgo to a sillier a silly serial killer head crashed by TV
Fargo the woodchipper
The godfather Michael Kualione killed three men the most I don't think that was horrifying
It was it was a great scene was it horrifying and first of all he didn't kill three men in a restaurant
He killed two you know the stuff you find on the internet is very aggravating
He didn't kill no three men in that and Luanne Louise in the Bronx
He killed Celotsilla he killed McCluskey only two okay
Isn't that pathetic goes to show you when you look at stuff on the internet like ask a lot of questions, okay?
The thing you brought it brains all over you nice. I believe suit only two only appear
Single white females to let her through the eye and seven kept alive for months
Don't we have some of this from like sounds for the lands should be there's two from seven so far
Right exactly so I'm saying what about sounds for the lambs is only was one on here. I think
Which I can't even find the damn thing
So there's a good list there's 50 more so this list we got today is gonna be gigantic
So I'll just vote for one just to see how things are going okay
On before Eric leaves
I'll vote for the impaled priest in the omen even though I don't believe that for a moment
In fact the omen was on again a few days ago. I actually seen it
One was Greg with Gregory's pack
Curve stopping murder American history X 11 votes chainsaw scene in starface 10
Alien eruption in alien
Eight do you believe that was Bob weaver the camera through the Gourney's chest?
Chaur seen in psycho seven in pale priest in the omen three and after that
Well, we're just getting to go together wait till we get those other 50 up there if Eric plays along with us if not nice knowing you
Four minutes till noon boy, I'll tell you times the wasted and I tell you we're gonna have like a pressure packed show
I told you tonight right at the outset. I knew it has more by psychic powers kicking in
It's beginning to get them kicked in the butt if you got a big fat butt
And the rest of you is pretty like out of gigantic overhang. Here's the answer for you balance for life
How's the beast doing we hear any words on the beast?
A psychic event number six. He just waddled in and waddled out and what do you say? I think you scared him off did he say?
I'm fat and ugly and gross he said I can't
And can't get laid well anyway, maybe you guys out there would like to get laid fat guys
Don't get laid nearly as much as guys who look a little bit better. Okay, I'd say that right now
Balance for life can help you lose the weight forget about all those other diets that make you go shopping and count calories and count
Carbs and do all kinds of stuff like all over the place with balance for life
There's no work on your part it makes it easy even if you're like lazy stupid or combination of both because it's all based on the
Principles of the zone diet by Dr.
Very Sears who probably is very close relative to Jean and Brian series not to J though
And what they do is they deliver right here a door little black sack every morning by six and a.m
At your work at your home where he attempted to deliver it and inside that sack is all the food to keep you happy and full for the entire day
Once a week you fill out a menu in fact balance for life is the only company in the universe that lets you choose between two choices for each one of your meals
While you're on the program three gourmet meals two delicious natural men at black sack and
Like I said plenty food to keep you full and satisfied throughout the day. It's all fresh
It's delicious. It's made with the best ingredients
You'll be astonished at the gourmet nature of the kind of stuff that they bring in so instead of trying some drastic crazy
Dirt regimen that makes you more frustrated and we want to gain in more weight do this balance for life
If you can't afford to be overweight out of shape with Arctic or diabetic no more
This could be the answer you've been looking for you'll start seeing results on the scale within just a matter of days
I'm getting choked up about it
So let balance for life help you lose that weight once and for all call 9.5.4
5.6.8.3229
9.5.4
I got a frog I think it's from agnolia
9.5.4 5.6.83229 or check them on a worldwide wicked web at balanceforlife.com
We are support video 5.6.8
Q.A.M
This is the king. I like to relax by having their magna one massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
Hey, California needs a governor who can stand up to this special interest
A governor who can balance the budget
A governor who can destroy killer simulics from the future
California needs Arnold Schwarzenegger
A man who just like most of you speaks English as a second language
So after the totally recall vote for the running man
Vote for me if you want to relieve
Arnold Schwarzenegger
It will be just as good a governor as he is an actor
Hey, but look like retirement by the committee to elect anybody besides great avis Sacramento, California
cover 1 at 5.60 WDQ at mad dog at 2 the Humber at 4 we got the pre pre pre pre game at 7 o'clock
7.45 we got the marlins on deck pre game 8.20 at the first page marlins at the cubs right there in mergley field
Notice all the responsibio that was maybe one of the most exciting games even though I didn't see it
Of all time last night 11 innings marlins win all kinds of home runs just gigantic shots
Sammy sociatized it up in the bottom of the ninth and I'm on come back and win anyway and
I might cause we had about that oh
Oh
But boy guarantee if we had tickets holy cow man holy cow
Don't wish speaking a dog child. What is this from what dog track is this?
Like somebody sends me a page and the dogs are all named Jim Manditz Lamar Smith, Brock Merriand, Run Ricky Run, Hank Goldberg, Curly Howard
They've won stat and trace Armstrong
All these dogs. I'm assuming this is a legitimate race at the somewhere. I don't know if this is it
Not yeah, but it's not a biscuit
Er
There ain't no biscuit dummy at any rate so it must be flagler. How what am I talking about must be faggler
Here's a fact that says the most horrifying death scene in a movie with near the end of casino
Where the mobsters take batting practice with Joe peshi and his brother in a cornfield and bury them alive or more
Accurately not quite dead this baseball bat scene makes the one the untouchable look like say
Look like Sesame Street. It's also factually true
Oscar Goodman
The lawyer and current mayor of Las Vegas represented the character portrayed by peshi
He stated that he believes that the FBI had that cornfield under observance for the mobsters meeting and witnessed what happened
But didn't do nothing to stop it kind like when father gagan got his in the prison
It had the same idea
Speaking of burying alive. Oh, yeah, right on a completely different level
There is the ending of the vanishing the Dutch French original version not the shmiddi American remake remake very
Psychologically disturbing although not physically repulsive like casino. They had the vanishings very good
I'm gonna have to go and see if I can get that the European version. Yeah. Oh, you you're talking about the American virgin
I beg your pardon
Which one were you talking about is being very good the American to the European? No the European one. Oh, yes
Yes, because that's how both no the American one blow it
But then again see that's my anti-Americanism coming out again in it
I'm just anti-neil and anti-American and just a fag and just a bad guy and everybody listen to the show
16 votes for American history x is that something out of you watching it ain't bad
You know about neo-nazis
neo-nazis well, too good timing then right
I think everybody ought to go out and get American history x today. Okay, it starts stopping go stopping
Let us in let us in okay every election now's gonna get overturned until the right-winger wins and then
And then we don't have to worry about any more elections after that look at all the money. We're gonna say right right
It's got a happy ending
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 t and Verizon wireless line WDQ a and hello
I
Me just put into a chipper shredder and forgo got it. Okay. Got it. Thank you. Bye
You already mean got it. We already had it. That's like the third was on that cheat. We had a submission to that earlier
I'm much sheet the wood chipper
from
Fargo yes, you're dreaming made it we had it. I read it. Yes. Yes. I must be losing. I must be
I would I would bet Scott's life on it that I never read that Lord have mercy from the from the list of 50
Yeah
Think it was the third one wasn't it the third one is bleed frost turns into a blood blister
And so you're gonna be in a minute if you're I think I saw I saw that gaslight sure I'll find it because I got the
Okay, you tell me what number it is on here. Okay. I'm looking at my list right now 47
47 is fargo the wood chipper. Okay, I can't say but you tell me number three. I'm looking like right by the top
Well, what is he got it's got full of crap
God as you follow
Plus to see ever ugly or what I forgot how ugly was the last other picture
Red puts it his that red push picture on our website
Speaking of our website, don't forget to go and take a puket at today believe you me. You'll thank me
All your children and grandchildren everybody in a block ought to come on down take a look on your PC and take a look at our home page
You were very proud
Oh, I thought Tony the tiger worked on on power
That's tiger. I know. I'm just
I'm starting to do that
560
Count 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Yeah
WQA and hello
Hey George. Yes
Um, if you if you can look up in your movie book
There's a movie where the girl that plays jony and happy days
I saw that movie. Yeah, I can't remember the title of the title. She gets killed. She gets murdered. Yeah
She's getting she's getting on banged by the space by the space creatures
Different girl got trapped by the slug. Jony got her face pulled apart in that movie. Oh right. Excellent. Oh, that's the best news I heard all day
Yeah, what movie is that?
Can't remember it's something planet nasty planet
Yeah, old B movie. I think it's the only movie she ever made. Oh, yeah
Some it's been years. It's been years. I can't remember the name of it. Somebody else
Planet something like that somebody will absolutely know all right. Thanks a lot of power. Thanks for the good news by the way
I'm delighted about that
What was that an obnoxious show and all to see? There's another example of the poor taste of the American public review
Just gigantic. Oh, you know, that's a good pull. I think I just hit the mother load
Oh, did you see this woman's vote in the candidates even the women 42 the 37 voted for Schwarzenegger against boostimony
42 the 37% and men overwhelming because it's the Terminator. It's Arnold
And the men can relate to macho on his bodybuilder. He's a not a girly man
Although he did do a lot of guys once about a time, but that's beside the point
That's back before he met Maria with no chin
Isn't interesting they were like three of them up on a podium and two of them didn't have a chin
Jaleno Maria and Arnold actually he don't have no chin no mo either
He looks like a dottering old
Crout is what he looks like to me
56705 60 pound 560 on the 18 and T and Verizon live was the most horrifying
Death scene
Ever in a movie is our poll question today
We had that earlier poll and it was a phenomenal a spectacular Latino vote on candidates to be placed Davis
Cruz a Cita Cruz boost about a 52% Arnold got 30% even of them a beaners out there
Not good not too good Cruz
WQ I am
Yes, hello. Yes, sir
I want to talk to Neil speaking
Neil Larry my am
Hey Larry
Pleasure to meet you
Uh or here for me. I want to tell you the most horrific scene I've seen in the movie
It's final final destination
And that's the bus scene I don't know if that's what that one was the mentioned
Did we have that George?
We have one or two criminal definition already. I'm choking on bacon. He's choking on bacon
I mean, I've seen bad things but that is like you see the person walking front and then you just imagine that thing
smack and everybody it's blurred it
Yeah, just see it to believe it. It's a great thing. Let's get it down George. We got it down man. Thanks
You're talking to me. I'll thank you. Thank you. Thank for you have a great life. Nice. I'll call you again
Five zero. What they're like 50 death scenes and final destination. They're all gruesome
Well, he's for his and you should be putting it down and not giving him a bunch of lip is what you should be doing right now
There's Arnold in America having arrived here
um in the 1960s as a
impoverished immigrant who had nothing but his bodybuilding skills
He was a big success in this country
And of course the focus and discipline of what's necessary to become a successful bodybuilding
You've been on a lot of drive and the voters saw him as someone
Well, yeah, isn't that amazing Bill Schneider right now trying to rationalize what they did as if the voters really had this tremendous respect
And admiration for Arnold based on something legitimate because he came here as a penniless immigrant yada yada yada
Partridge up your paratory. Oh god
CNN needs to be they need to be off the area, you know what somebody needs to like get them off the air
And I mean fox at least they're not making any pretence. They lie a lot but we know what they are and they're like a laugh at you
But CNN they smirk they smirk
We're gonna have goddamn Bill Schneider is on her smirk and now he can't say it with a straight face
Anyone who see what his last name is Schneider uh-huh crowd you want kind of a crowd went in doubt. It's another crowd
Let's kick him out
No doubt about right, Mo
Absolutely how's Mo doing
Fine probably rubbing his legs together like a grasshopper like a cricket like buddy Holly
Here's another list. Well, let's see Charleston Lottordale beat says I have an excellent idea for your next pool
You can call the pool just die already
Like that
As in which dead celebrity would you want to just go away?
What was the great pool idea had moments ago that I forgot already? I forgot to as in deck open viewer
Uh, yeah yesterday two new albums from Elvis and two pack came out
I'm sick and tired of hearing two pack crap from seven years ago
I'm sure a mobile appreciate this pool and I know George's vote would be Roy Horn
Just die already. I'm gonna put that in my pile of possible polls for the future your poll pile. Let's go back to the future
I got a pile of pools better than Paul pot. Here's one from Alex who just can't stop
He can't control himself because he figures one of these days. He'll set us the facts that we actually like and you know
Deep rising were the guys digested live by the creature cheesy movie better gross scene. Do we know that?
No, no, well get it on there the scene in jaws where Robert Choggets eaten
We have that don't we?
I like the one where Ron Jeremy eats himself
The alien popping out of the man's chair. We already got them the scene where the guys cut up by let's see
Alex always puts on stuff that we he knows we've already got just to be a because he's an asshole and he's proud of it
The scene where the guys cut up by laser beams in resident evil
Oh
Okay lasers the the scene where blade Wesley snipes cuts Ron from on a half of the sword blade two is the movie
Alex also says how about some Eisner Mickey bits to see Alex
We're doing fairly well not great, but fairly well to just start like programming the show that really frost my ass
Oh, here's some more verification of the thing I was telling you about although nobody cares
Schwarzenegger total amnesia and Ron emails show Arnold met with Ken lay during the energy crisis
Say consumer group. I'll save this for after the break. Okay, okay?
Because I've got just one story out of somebody's
Some columnist imagination or some crap that one
Ojan provocateur made up. It's the freaking truth
But don't confuse the confused the voters of California with this
Oh brother, it's scary really is yesterday last night was the night that america
That was it that was the last day of the coffin of all used to be america
We used to love and be proud of and hope would a resurrected self. No, ain't gonna happen
Done finito as Mickey would say bad done
1213 does he say that kind of like sheepishly?
I've done 1213 at 560 WQM if you're done with your crappy job if you've had it
If you try to work in your ass off and make it nothing to show for it
Let fast train help you get you a real high-paying career before this year is over
Just call our good close personal friends at fast train today toll-free
One eight six six fast train be sure you mentioned Todd direct-toded call it give you like an inside track and inside direct
Fast train can have you train and certified before years end the demand for computer professionals is growing like topsy
So there's no smarter no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career
Fast train offers you all kinds of things they could be job placement assistance
convenient day evening and weekend schedules and it's about to go and close to where you live because they now have
Four south Florida locations fast train even offers financial assistance for people to qualify too
So if you want to say goodbye to your crap whole boss who just using and abusing you and take it by that measly paycheck every week or two weeks
And get yourself a real career and change your life for the better. This is something you ought to stop thinking about and do it today
Call fast train get the information what he got to lose beside a real crap job
One eight six six fast train is the number to call check them on the web fast train.com and make that call once and for all
It'll be a ball one eight six six fast trains
I
This is for 20 places
Q a m
Tonight at nine on the food network. It's Emerald dice claim. Okay
So tonight we're gonna kick it up a couple of can not just
What the f**k you clapping for honey? I ain't poked yet chef Emerald dice clay leather saturday print and all
Shows you how to do things in the kitchen you never dreamed of today. I'm gonna show you how to smoke fish
What's my f**k is it for and nobody reads a recipe like Emerald dice clay
Jack can tell what up the hell to make themselves some stew and just like an oven till needed some love and so he put his meat in there
Is that genius? It's the hottest cooking show on cable. Hey, take a look at this
Would you
Come on, baby. You know you'll want to grab my wina that Emerald dice clay right after iron shaft
Mind for these people with dental flaws only on the f**kin food network
Got my team at five sixty WQM. So here's this that we just got from the US newswire. What is that California US?
US newswire
Shortsneaker had previously said he doesn't remember such a meeting
You don't meet with america's most well-known corporate cook in the middle of California's biggest financial disaster
And not remember set up TCR senior consumer antica Douglas Keller
Mr
Shortsneaker should come clean about what happened at the meeting and if he shares can lays views on energy regulation
The documents provide list of invitees to the hastily arranged meeting and list of those who actually attended
Only 11 of the 45 invitees attended including Arnold the meeting was meant to be an opportunity to gain business community support for
Enron's
Comprehensive solution to the energy crisis in one email enron's VP of public relations wrote
We like to position this meeting as an insider's conversation of what's going on with the energy situation
This meeting should be for principles only
FTCR contends that enron policies are responsible for these severe energy crisis in California in
2001 the group noted that the crisis had dramatic implications on the state economy in state budget and will continue to impact consumers for years to come
FTCR is called for a repeal of the deregulation and supported
state bill 8883 to re-regulate the state's electricity system
FTCR has been critical of enron's involvement in the California energy crisis in which the company developed schemes for an
manipulating the power market that forced massive price spikes in the state
Since it apparently was important enough for sports negative attend despite the last minute notice
Schwartz-Negger should now explain what happened at his meeting with enron's Kenny Boyley and whether or not he supports electricity re-regulation hellers said
Yada yada yada ftcr is a nonpartisan nonprofit organization which doesn't support a repose candidates for any office and had no position on the
California recall how do you like that? So there it is there's the third source we got on that
because it is absolutely true sir
but don't confuse anybody with the facts
ah who cares right nobody obviously just like our second pull nobody cares and maybe they haven't found
her's up there because there's only 102 votes on this one so far
what's the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie
curb stopping murder american history x26
chainsaw scenes car phase 23
alien eruption
in alien 16 shower scene in psycho 13
uh
impale priest in the omens got eight melting Nazis raiders lost arc six oh let's try that one again
haha
five or two in the excess is five
drew bear more murder and scream in in the movie scream three
Louise Fletcher and brainstormed two buried alive the vanishing and digested alive the rising and the lasers resident evil
have none so far they're just waiting for theirs to get on there
which if I'd hurry up and take a whole bunch more calls we'd have a whole more bunch
not that we need a whole more bunch although you did the good thing you crossed off a bunch of those
yeah from that list of fitty probably get a number five hours four five eight
crossed off about 13 14 them so that's not so bad Eric don't feel too bad only take it like
to midnight to get it on there w-w-q-a-m murder line
I gotta give every woman in California three breast exam
w-w-q-a-m hello
bear more murder and scream
hello yes sir
is young kipper over because I'm hungry
yeah
haha
haha
haha
and he's talking about 2002 is what he's talking about
hey listen sir let me tell you one thing that the certain people are learning last few days
when you work at q-a-m like I've always told you every day is you i'm kipper
oh hey
w-q-a-m hello
meal except for the eating part yes chronic
no no no no no
chronic you're chronic I don't want to talk
just the way he says my name you know that one I do
I just can't take him you know he's not he's not bad he's just you just chronic you get
on my nerves
hell yeah so it's always that same sound like a whiny wimpy I don't I don't like your voice
w-q-a-m hello
hi Neil how are you
pretty good great test scene and I'll tell you that I don't know George knows about it
date of the dead zombies rip a guy in half on the floor and he's right awesome yummy yummy
time good to me sounds like lunchtime and and in closing you i love the new Roger show
that was harder when when that him it was either Arnold or was Don Johnson or maybe we'll
stand major by the way Norma everybody hates you like Poison okay just want to mention that
in passing everybody hates Norma's ass and a rest of them too five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line probably out of trial line nine
the lib dangerous don't you think sure w-q-m line nine yeah Neil Rogers speaking hey Neil this is
Jack I know the answer to that uh uh joining from happy days right uh where she got her close
sucked off the movie was called galaxy of terror half excellent that's not even the movie but it
wasn't her they got her clothes ripped off now it was it it was the blonde there were two chicks it
was the blonde that got her close sucked off by the slug which are the great scene and Joni got her
face crushed by some cables and her face exploded well I'll let you guys pick whichever one you like
the best all right well let's appreciate it thank you now we appreciate it thanks a lot there's
got to the answer the question very good galaxy there he's right a classic never saw is that good
well no that was pretty sounds pretty cheesy well if she got the man handled an abuse I want to see
it over and over again look what we got on the drive and movie channel hercules on the fuse m23
hope that there's a spot on now what about independent film channel I'm more Leonard I just
get the feel of rob as a character oh it's real to real it's like one of those filler things where
they have the interviews you know about making movies these are pretty interesting though oh and
kill Bill I'm actually that in there in there this some pretty heavy stuff is that how he had
to come out this weekend come and see because I read nothing but really gnashing ripping and I
just everybody's up in arms and quentin turntino is a crazy person and he's just yeah all
it huh he is a crazy person he's all of this crazy is Quentin Marcellus I like feel Marcellus
myself yeah I can't deal with all these we're supposed to like be doc sevens and fans and anybody
whoever and that bald Paul shaffer asshole at the bag with a wife on the letterman all the
band leaders I don't really give a crap who the band leader is on some stupid as TV show you know
great no band leader I know that makes me very un-American but I don't give a flying crap who the
band leader is on some stupid as TV talk show that's on a one o'clock in the morning I don't really
care okay whether it's Quentin Marcellus went Marcellus a vial Marcellus I don't really care what about
Lord's walk well now you're talking to now you're speaking of different tune how about the layman
sisters five six seven oh five sixty I know I had that Stan freeberg thing in here that wonderful
wonderful thing and it wasn't part of what it was it was in the DCS I played it from the DCS yeah
and then it was appeared off both of them in it yeah wonderful oh no no no no no I know what it is
what and it still isn't here I put it in there where he said gee dead it wasn't worth it sir
what was that under I love that huh I don't maybe it's under G dead now damn it it's not under
warlitzer I'm sure what somebody diddle with our DCS okay somebody stole our freaking
warlitzer and Lawrence folks body god damn it hey Brian we need that again yeah we need that
Stan freeberg thing again Brian once you get a rock for the house studio that you get your studio
in your house and all your life put back together again you bolted a geek 27th pass new in at
five sixty w cube all the way did send me some stuff this week we'll get to it hey listen the
parties over it's not time for the lifespan now almost today almost blew it in fact let's just
do all the life spots together because that's the way the water now she likes it
and localound fights of the silhouette you well
This is the stage that's the only room to run.
Okay, great.
And my only.
This is all the time.
In the label.
That's it, it's the real beauty of this whole day.
In theaters now, Star Wars Episode 1, the band's own students.
Shirley Skywalker.
Larry One, Kenobi, and Mo2G2.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Yeah, Wednesday to you.
Psychic is at number seven, just to place.
Yes.
What?
I was making fun of Spanish speaking people on TV and you played that, that liner.
I like that.
Oh, speaking of people who talk funny.
I'm Eastern back on the East Coast of the United States.
A lot of Democrats are probably breathing a lot easier today knowing that this Kennedy clan,
at least a big chunk of them are on board.
Well, there's no doubt that that makes people feel better about where Arnold's real political soul lies.
But again, it really comes back to how Schwarzenegger is.
What the hell are these people talking about?
Yeah, that's certainly not news now.
We forgot.
That was Wolflet's Creek.
Is that the Great of L?
Yeah.
Their open viewer.
Court ruling clears FTC.
Do not call this.
Here's some good news.
Okay.
I don't want to leave you without good news.
We got our big one to comedy bit ours.
We're like, short on time.
Americans get again signed up for the national do not call this to fend off unwanted phone solicitations.
After a federal appeals court allowed the government to fully punish errant telemarketers at least for now.
And like I told you yesterday, the phones have stopped ringing in my house.
Hallelujah.
No more.
With all those and boy, I don't know whether it was me or well, that's because I'm on like 80 million credit cards and all this other crap.
I'm probably on every damn list going.
But not no more.
No more damn.
No more.
No more.
No more.
The 10th US Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday temporarily blocked a lower court order barring the FTC from enforcing the registry.
A more than 50 million numbers.
50 million Americans, even as dumb as we may be, can't all be wrong.
The Supreme Court has held that there is undoubtedly a substantial government interest in the prevention of abusive and coercive sales practices through ruling B.S.A.N.
The court requested the conclusions of US district judge Edward Nottingham of Denver who said the list violates the telemarketing industry's free speech rights by barring calls from businesses but not charities.
It also noted that Congress had found some telemarketing calls subject to consumers to substantial fraud, deception and abuse.
Oy!
FTC chairman Timothy Murriss called the latest ruling a victory for American consumers and said his agency will return to enforcing the list to which we say,
ORIGHT!
The FCC had stepped in and last minute-tannel enforcement along the registry to take effect last week.
Yada yada yada yada.
The court fight isn't finished though.
The appeal court said the FTC can run the registry while a challenge from telemarketers winds its way through the courts.
Oral and anal arguments were scheduled in Tulsa, Oklahoma, November 10th and of course in Oklahoma they're too happy about those oral or anal.
If he asks me, you think?
Probably not.
So, charities are exempt from this?
The court is exempt, she's busy saving Osheriden from a sure fate.
What kind of crime is that?
If you'd start watching passions, you'd start catching onto the good stuff.
Okay?
You'd see Edna Wallace on there and you'd laugh your ass off her and precious and the Agata Mishbaja and Charlie, Charlie the Bulldyke?
Who wants to take poor Beth away like live a life of lust and licking of forever?
Who wants to get her licks?
Speaking of that, what a great segue again!
The president of Loyola University in New Orleans resigned yesterday after he was accused of sexual misconduct while he was at a Jesuit prep school in Indianapolis in 1986.
Well, it must be just another isolated incident, don't you think?
Of course.
The Reverend Bernard Noth, a Jesuit priest submitted his resignation to the Roman Catholic College under new church rules that say if a sexual allegation involving a minor is deemed credible, the accused should be removed immediately if not sooner.
Noth, I think I'm going to fart.
Oh, I just...
Oh, Jesus!
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
No, seriously.
No, I didn't hear it.
I can smell it though.
Good.
Oh, man.
Noth, president of Loyola, since 1995, issued a statement denying any inappropriate conduct.
The Reverend William J. Byron was named acting president.
He was dean at Loyola in the 70s and writes a syndicated column for the Catholic news service.
Byron said that...
Oh, you're right, it stinks, man.
Byron said that if the allegations are proven, this is another event in a series of tragic events that comprise the greatest crisis the church has had to deal with.
He said, no student at Loyola has ever brought sexual allegations against Noth, a statement from the Jesuit orders Chicago...
Chicago Province said the sexual encounter allegedly happened at the Breeb-Boof Jesuit Prep School.
Breeb-Boof?
The Breeb-Boof?
Breeb-Boof.
Byron didn't say when a complaint was made but apparently recently the statement issued in Chicago said the complaint triggered an immediate investigation.
Kisaland away with view board which found the allegations to be credible.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
He done it.
He done the deed.
56670560, so far at our pool, curb stomping murder in American history acts as leading with 35.
The chainsaw scene in Scarface right on the RASDA with 31.
Alien eruption 18, shower scene, psycho 17, the impale priest in the Oman Lovett.
A lot of people waiting for theirs to come up on here.
Like when Eric gets his other 5,000 on there, 137 votes is all we got in the so far.
One of these pages and pages you're faxing here is one from Mike.
How about the scene in saving Pride Ryan when that Nazi in the American soldier in that fight sequence in an upstairs tower and the German soldier slowly grabs that technical hunting knife through his chest while whispering to the American to hush as if he were telling him to die quietly.
Like he wanted to kill him lightly.
If that didn't top off, remember his friend, I see, his pussy friend, we can say that.
Hiding under the staircase, crying in the background, you hear his buddy slowly dying in gurgling blood.
Ooh, Mike, we got that on there?
Like, yeah, nothing I think.
Not seeing I've been saving Pride Ryan.
Oh no, what is this?
About Rush Limbaugh and all these how many more pages?
About third man.
Two, of course you will not be forwarding.
I can't afford to be chopping down oak trees here in Toronto, okay?
Kathy, a left handed Democrat says $14.7 million raised this quarter, $77 average donation.
Are you any more convinced about Howard Dean?
What does that mean?
About Howard Dean.
I don't know.
She must not think you like it.
I love Howard Dean.
That's my man.
That's my main man.
Is Howard Dean, Kathy?
What do you be talking about?
PS, forget God of Fawnear.
Rumor has a Graham will be on Dean's ticket for Vice President.
I like that.
Sure works for me.
Dean and Graham.
Howie and Bobby.
I like it.
I don't understand.
She says hemfax since May.
Well, Kathy, I know you're arguing you're a preaching of the choir.
She says the chainsaw scene in Scarface.
Eek is what she says.
Yeah.
Not only people in cartoons said Eek.
Was the Colombian chainsaw massacre?
Like Boohoo.
Right?
There are certain expressions and sayings that nobody in real life actually says only in cartoons.
Eek is one of them.
Boohoo is another one.
You ever say Boohoo?
Not lately.
That's what everybody knows Greg Rito always says Boohoo when he hears name mentioned.
Michael, you just said that I'll be telling you just the first part.
Here's a message from Tracy and Kendall.
I don't know if you recall in Devolution Man when Sandra Bullock talks about the future when restaurants will all be Taco Bell and Arnold will be president.
It was funny then, but it's scary now.
Good point, Tracy.
How about that?
All restaurants will be Taco Bells and Arnold will be president and will all be wearing hip boots and goose stepping and singing Deutschland Uber Aless for their group.
Their group and fewer.
I'm starting to catch out of that now.
I love it.
Their group and fewer.
Anybody.
Now see what's we get the other ones on it and then we'll have like Zidians of votes, but they're all waiting.
They're like laying back.
My life and look all this is for 205.
I can tell now when the motifs in lifted up my skirt.
He said, I'm like a cow.
I'm a rule Republican.
One Sancamonious Christian.
My colleagues have a thing where we pull up ranks.
And dress up like we're all sister-hars.
We'll tell you what's just and right and how to run your life because our moral ground is so much higher.
And we'll decide what you should think while dressed in things.
As we rinse the nuts off, you can't buy us where she can't be trained to stand.
Here in the hats of American, as in a strange song.
We support our dick and bush and stay on twist of medias in our control.
Sometimes John Astral comes around and pulls his pants down.
Or else the put our tongues up his bonnet.
Back them in a cheap old piece, transvestite.
In a hat of American, in a strange song.
I would you hope the transvestite is in a hat of American, and in a strange song.
Speaking of kissing the old brown eye, I don't forget tomorrow morning, it's Thursday, 6.45.
Mohawar Davidd puts the old tongue, the old insert into J. Feeler.
Absolutely.
And pumps him up.
Time to pump everybody up, don't you think?
Your husband's or wives agenda.
I thought she was incredibly impressive on the campaign stump.
Oh, man, Wolf Blitzkrieg.
He's already drinking his beer by the gallon.
What a bunch of crap.
Here's a fact that says when I fasted in May about howardine you said you liked him, but that would never happen.
Well, what's going to happen?
Well, guess what, Kathy?
A crap happens, okay?
Now she's going to say, oh, you're calling him crap, now I just said crap happens.
Stop being so uptight, Kathy, and have a wonderful day.
Here's Aaron in Palmetto Bay, who rhymes with day and gay, who says I want to add the scene from Devil's Atticab, advocate where Keanu Reeves wife.
Slowly, Slitzer, throw with a piece of glass.
And of course, if you ladies out there were married to Keanu Reeves, you'd probably do the same thing.
The movie was very weak, but that scene left nothing to the imagination.
Also, could either you or George please tell me to them for that infectious Celia Cruz song.
Now I assume the one he's talking about is the one that goes like...
Please spell a bit of it as I know no Spanish.
AZUCAR.
That's not the name of it.
He said please spell a bit of it, he didn't say...
Oh no, Jesus Christ George, Man Tarot, you and Kathy ought to be getting it on.
I mean, there's something, maybe you could like instill something to each other.
What does she look like?
Kathy, baits.
And anyway, so what's the deal?
Celia Cruz, what's the name of the song?
La negra, tiene tumbala.
I beg your pardon?
Yes, she does.
LA, Negro.
N-E-G-R-A, Negro.
N-E-G-R.
Just like it sounds, that's Spanish, man.
Spell the spart sounds.
Yeah, Tien it.
So you say spart sound again and all the russian was that the quarterback Donovan McNabb.
Yeah, is that before after he popped the oxies, cotton.
Here's some suggestions for today's poll.
Tony in Dear Field says the lust murder from seven.
I'm sure there are a lot, I saw seven many times.
Some of these things I don't recall.
Because the other, the scene where he says, what's in the box is overwhelmed me so much, you know?
Just because it's his wife's head.
Or anybody who saw it, I guess I just ruined it for you.
It's Brad Pitt's wife's head is in the box.
Oh, no.
What?
You just ruined it.
Yeah.
Don't you think it's been out long enough?
No, it's so obvious.
That same guy, that's like saying Bella LaGosie gets the stake through the heart in the end from Professor Bon Helsing at the end of Dracula.
Goddamn you.
Yeah, but look, he made a lot of other Dracula movies after that.
So he made a call.
The role knows it's deeply disturbing.
The Maria Schraber, I was just reading an email, but they moved it too quick about ripping her an ass about becoming a turn code in the supporting her husband, Arnold.
Good facts.
Whoever that was or email, whatever.
Kevin, you got that one down?
What the Kevin?
Why do you want to do a girl with a huge spiked strap on?
Outch it says.
Is it in practice?
No, you can't just write seven.
And is he going to actually put those other ones on there or what's the deal?
You want to get a lot of testing?
Is he protesting?
I don't know.
Kevin, and maybe he's just eating.
Kevin Dillon crushing some poor sap skull with a butt of his rifle in platoon.
He hear the sound and see the blood splattering.
Truly sickening is what it's saying.
Oh, right.
That's our kind of movie.
I never saw platoon.
I know that's what I put in this this summer.
There's so many good movies I never saw.
That's what makes it good.
Because there's so much work to do and so little time.
Especially for good anti-war.
Russell crows two-seater into the competition move in gladiator.
And then Tony who was doing really well until they got to this is how could you miss the alien pop-up scene in alien?
Did we miss that?
No.
It's on air.
It's number three.
And the list has got the twenty-three vote.
So get with it, Tony.
We're doing really well until you like a bluet.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
WQA him.
Hello.
Mr. Rogers.
See.
Hey.
I'm casino.
Yeah.
Joe Kaskin is brother.
They could beat up and that crazy.
Made out there with the baseball bat.
Baseball bat and buried alive.
That's on that other extended list that Eric isn't putting on her yet.
But he eventually got it.
All right.
Well, thank you Mr. Rogers.
Have a nice day.
And Oscar came to be this.
I see.
What did he say?
He called me a CC.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Maybe I'm kind of saying Francis.
You think?
No.
Oh.
How do you know?
How about saying Francis?
Oh, here.
Oh, let's do some harness racing stuff.
What do you say?
Okay.
I should probably put on the horse racing channel.
There's no harness racing at this time.
But we're only nine minutes away from the first race at Belmont.
And the horses are coming.
Look at talk about psychic.
The horses are coming out of the walking ring there in the paddock.
And they're coming out of the track.
And I bet you momentarily we'll hear the voice of the great Tom Durkin.
Old red.
You think?
I wouldn't know.
Well, I'll just leave the pot open.
And then like if he's carrots, uh, huh?
Leave it open.
He'll say the horse is entering the track for the first race.
And you got it.
Whatever he's going to say.
Good old red.
How's Harvey Pacto?
And then he died?
Yes.
Sure he's dead.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60.
Too bad about horse racing.
It's really, really enjoyable.
Harness, stirbred, all that.
Too bad that only old cockers like me.
Go to it.
That's the problem.
There they are.
It took a while because it was a long list.
Oh, they popped up there.
Oh my God.
Do this to Eric.
Oh, how did I do it?
You somebody faxed this to you and then you faxed it to me.
That's the way it works when I'm out of town and out of touch with what's going on inside Florida.
Point of time, Jika.
And by the way, speaking of that, I'm so poor, uh, uh, poor Erica.
I apologize, Eric.
I don't want to ever do this to you again.
The list is so freaking long.
There's 170 votes.
It'll probably double in over any second.
Because now you've got a lot of good choices on there, including the one probably that many of you have been waiting for.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
No.
But it sounds pretty good.
Now, what was I just saying before you interrupted me so rudely?
Tom Durkin.
Oh, Tom Jika.
Or some other Tom Dick.
I'm here.
Tom Jirkin.
Is Tom Jirkin?
Probably.
I thought he'd hear me.
Hey, Tom, quit doing it.
And let's hear the post-broad for the first race from Belmont Park.
I don't even know if he's working today.
This could be like the day that I try to put Phil Saltsman on here.
Not yesterday, but the other day, remember?
No.
He wasn't even working.
Tom Jirkin ain't working.
Tom is working ain't Jirkin.
What was it?
And anyway, Tom Jika is Jirkin.
Because Tom Jika, who said that I was out of touch because of the pulses of Florida, which of course is a joke in itself.
Here's a guy that has written a local comms since before Jesus was an embryo.
Man, oh man.
Who the hell are you, Schmidt and man?
The Schmidt-Mistard.
Tom Jika.
All he writes is every single day when his column appears it's a puff.
He's not, I shouldn't say that.
Let me, I didn't look today because I was too honled intensive this morning looking about all kinds of good stuff, bad stuff.
Where the hell is it?
Where is the sunset and the website, George?
I don't know.
On my list, list of my least favorites.
Oh, geez.
There it is.
One moment, please.
Okay.
Horses are around.
I don't hear nothing.
Do you hear anything?
I don't hear Jack.
Good.
That's the best news I've heard all day.
Okay.
Here's the Sun-Senthal homepage, which is for some reason.
I don't know why it's so goddamn slow probably because it's coming from there.
Columns.
Columns, columns.
There's a embattled election supervisor, Miriam Elephant.
She's on there.
Michael Mayo.
Now he already wrote his good comp for this year.
Nice going, Mike.
Home movie focuses on notorious Cuban prisoners.
Wow.
How do you like that?
This is almost a South Florida flavor.
There's often a disconnect between stride elements of South Florida's Cuban American community
and those from other backgrounds when it comes to anti-Cuban castor of fervor, which still
seers almost the halfway out of El Presido.
The trip back would help explain the unwavering hatred.
El Presidio.
But what does that have?
Does that really have to do with South Florida?
Just only indirectly.
So that's as close.
See, there's my psychic powers again.
How do you like that?
I'm seeing these horses all over the place here.
They must not have the pot opener, something on my racing channel.
Because it's only six minutes to post and post.
I'm just like, buddy, had your chance, Tom.
You done.
Go back to Jerkin, Durkin.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
WQAM, deadline.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
You know, that story you read about the Arnie meeting with Ken Ley,
where, you know, prompted me to call you.
Greg Palis is one of the writers for the Guardian.
And he's been all over this story.
I read a call by him yesterday or Monday.
Yeah, we're at a great call.
Yeah, they are great call.
Ross Perot was involved in that with his company called Energy Strategies.
I don't know.
I don't know if you're right.
Yes, I do.
And, you know, something that I find amazing about all these talking heads on,
the Gerbos News Networks out there, is how is it that they are trying to spin this
as some kind of a great Davis or Democratic conspiracy or campaign that in the last few days,
all of these stories come out when all of these stories have been out, you know, since the 90s.
Isn't this a little bit anticlimactic, though, now having this conversation at this point?
Yes, yeah.
Well, I'm just talking about the method, the way that they're spinning it.
Yeah.
To me, that the whole way...
Well, a lot of people who made a good point last night on that is that Davis,
who's a very inept politician to begin with, he made a really bad move on Sunday when he, like,
started joining in with all of this and piling on to it and saying that there ought to be a criminal investigation.
If he just would have said he'll let the voters decide and if he would have shut up,
he might have gotten some miles.
But he still was going to lose his ass.
I agree.
He's totally inept.
He just blew it.
I agree with you on that.
I handed my hand to Greg Palis, the column from Friday, October 3rd,
Arnold unplugged its Ostele of Easter, the $9 billion of the governorate who was selected.
And it's one of the best things I've ever read on the air.
If you go to his website, he's got a whole series of columns that he was doing this investigation
during, actually during the energy of the California rolling blackouts.
Right.
But my point was earlier though, the demonizing of the LA time,
that's being some kind of left wing...
But that's all knows it's over.
The election's over.
I know.
Somebody will pinch you.
Believe me, in your case, probably pretty soon.
Somebody will pinch you and wake up.
It's over.
1256 and 56, the WQAM.
Well, he just, I hope he has a sweet, a gay day.
Speaking of that, yeah.
Why?
Why don't he just, she's just a little bit hysterical out one there.
I mean, his comments were good, but he's a little bit,
she's a little out of control since it's already old news.
It's a dead meat, just like a great Davis, dead meat.
In fact, that's how you tell one, like me, when it's great.
Right?
Right.
Ooh.
Then you got to smell it.
Green, green isn't good, but when it turns gray, oh boy.
When it doubt, toss it out.
Hey, listen.
Speaking of food, balance for life has got the good stuff.
They bring you a little black sack right to your door every morning.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks that were in there.
The food is fresh, delicious, you'll get omelettes and frittadas and chicken dishes.
And a few beef dishes and all kinds of really neat stuff.
Pass on to Bobbogganouche, please.
It's all based on the principles of the zone diet,
which is a very effective program, but it's very complicated.
The good thing is they do all the figuring and all you have to do is the eating.
Just pick up that sack every morning and believe me,
all the good stuff is in there, right in your sack.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting,
nothing to finger out.
In fact, balance for life like I always tell you is the only company that lets you pick between two choices
for each meal every day that you're on their program.
But balance for life, help you lose that weight once and for all you'll start seeing great results
within just a matter of days on that ugly, nasty, much-hated scale.
Call balance for life today, tool for, and that's not tool for you.
It's a broward number.
954, 568, 3229, whatever the charge is, it's well worth it to start losing that weight and get your health back.
954, 568, 3229, or get more info about their great program on their website, balanceforlife.com.
My life and look all this is for trail by city.
Way to way, yeah.
I'm Judge Roy Moore, and the next best thing to watch an end,
Colter, Spake, Mad Drone, is the nail Rogers, fair and balanced, one to two hour.
Don't it, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I, sir.
Hello?
It's Nikki Moss.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, not.
I got there but Kelly called me every three minutes.
Why did we move the protest?
Sir, you told me to move the practice.
I didn't tell you why did you move the business under stud meat.
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen but, wife.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You all move the practice.
Okay.
How we doing with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Yeah, boss.
Shot the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Reemez.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm killing you.
I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson called me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Yeah, here you go.
Stop it, Reemez.
I'm going to fall, boss.
Stop, stop the floor, Reemez.
Let's sit in my hand, Reemez.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Reemez.
That's the phone, boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Reemez.
Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry.
I said, sir.
The moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth in its time.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Don't play, Reemez.
I'll jam that thing down your throat.
It's going to move right away from me.
I'll come on, Blue Moon.
I'm allergic.
I'll answer.
Sir, over 25 million people, sir.
Stop up, Eisner.
Listen.
Yeah.
You see me what I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down, fly to side.
I'm the puppet master.
I say it.
You do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out
of a Michael Jackson interview.
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like a real man.
Puppet master, me!
Idiot!
Reemez!
Reemez!
Yes, the air boss.
What the hell are you doing now?
Listen to blow, boss.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Reemez.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Reemez.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Reemez.
Get out.
Come on over to work.
Get out.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
Sorry.
Killin' me softly.
That many drivers of nuts don't turn your back.
She'll spother you to death as junk you stack.
That demon's got a time, red for his life.
He dated her one time, she thought she was his wife.
She wears your clothes when you're gone, watches you sleep.
You think it's casual, but her feelings are feet.
That many drivers of nuts, but water funds.
All right.
She can't act.
She can't sing.
What's the guy to do?
I felt myself see all the sister.
She can barely tie her shoe.
Then you have not called her out.
He said she was the best.
She thought he met her singing.
But he really met her chest.
And so if you're looking through a playboy magazine,
you'll see my older sister on the pages in between.
I'm just being told that a million copies have been sold.
My sister is the telephone.
My daughter is the telephone.
I'm just being told that my sister is the telephone.
My sister is the telephone.
She's alone.
My daughter is the telephone.
I'm just being told that my sister is the telephone.
I'm just being told that my sister is the telephone.
I'm just being told that my sister is the telephone.
I'm just being told that my sister is the telephone.
I'm just being told that my sister is the telephone.
I'm just being told that my sister is the telephone.
I'm just being told that my sister is the telephone.
Oh, that's good.
Take that change.
Oh, that's good.
Oh, that's good.
Oh, that's good.
Oh, that's good.
Oh, that's good.
Shut up, you little huff.
Ninja Rogers, hey.
Some mouthful of the Sorsitian War Hayes Panves.
That pipe smoker and unpsychumsized cute wolf Ben engaged in a fake-a-da-da-da-da-da.
I'm a cranky homo-fold.
Not that I mind it, but I'm way too old.
I bet this eyes pop feelin' in bed.
It interests with feedlers, my man friend.
I'll kiss and make up with Jinderin some day years.
And then ask them to rate my fun.
No, very no, very again.
Though I would not feel the most full.
No.
And I would not be ashamed.
I've got a ginger and more gay union.
Just bold and then stroking away.
Boy, wait, kill me, you're not my type.
Yeah, sounds like a nine-year-old kid.
Hey!
Only a macho-menly guy.
You don't know this.
That makes me lift my wig.
Jinder was a lover of mine.
I'd bury my boldest feigny nose.
Inside his heavily-rerended-ed-ed-ing.
Rack them!
No, I would not be a sport-old.
Now!
If I was not a closet of faith.
That's why a ginger and more gay union.
Would make me feel gizzy and gay.
Everybody follow my thousand bulls.
Yeah, a ginger and more gay union.
Would make my sorrel-boney ass feel safe.
If we had a ginger and more gay union.
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
Absolutely.
Wow, take a look at their open-fury.
Have you seen them?
Yeah, that's somebody on our website.
Towing off after your last night's very exciting victory in California.
Thank you, Dennis.
What? I'm thanking Dennis for sending us that.
Oh, thanks, Dennis, and thanks, Eric, for the tremendous work he's doing.
And he's spreading all the terrible things you've said about him.
And it says the caption on the picture says it's not a tumor.
It's the groping purer.
Oh!
And he looks like he might be playing a little groping right there.
Or maybe just finished, I don't know.
Do we want the penis picture?
As well.
It's floating around.
Arnold's penis is floating around the internet.
Do we want to post that as well?
This is the penis picture.
Unless you have him look closely.
No, no. I know, but there's another full on unobstured one.
No, I think leaving this little dude, leaving just a little bit to the imagination is not bad.
And then of course we got these sick-free din-
Roar!
Wow.
If you don't check out our website today, man, your life ain't worth a shmit off of that right now.
What did you say?
I said your life ain't worth a shmit if you don't check out our website.
Oh, okay, I was totally-
I said shmit.
Okay, as in hellmuch-smit, remember him?
Hellmuch-smit.
That there was a good Detroit man guy.
We're all drinking Beck's beer and Heineken today.
Here's a couple of facts.
It says, how about the movie with that douchebag keeper Sutherland where they tie some chicks legs to two tractor trailers and ripper and two?
What movie is that?
I don't recall that.
It sounds like they might have it confused with the hitcher.
No, no, no, no. This is a different one.
It's a cheesy movie.
The hitcher, you see, the hitcher never happened.
And although there was some horrible, uh, we never saw them though.
We never saw them kill anybody in the hitcher, did we?
Well, that, the uh, Jennifer Jason Leasing, which I already submitted.
What?
Because it reminded me he pulled her apart.
In the hitcher?
Yeah.
Remember, he hitched her to a trailer?
Right.
And uh, and he even pulled her apart?
Yeah, I did.
No, they stopped it.
No, they didn't.
What are you talking about?
No, they didn't.
You gotta see it again.
Are you sure?
Well, I'll be damned.
It's one of my favorite movies.
I'm too obsessed with the finger foods.
With Riker Howard.
Are you a sea-tower?
A sea-tower scene as well.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Boy, there was something really, really interesting going on.
In fact, even the cops said there's something...
Yeah.
And Tom howl wiped it off his chin and like, had that look.
They were looking to the live.
Boy, could we have a good time together and hear on the inside?
Is what they were thinking?
Uh, he actually pulled her apart?
Yes.
I thought he stopped them.
Well, I'm gonna have to watch it again.
Anyway, somebody else says my suggestion to add to the pull
to French film irreversible.
Yes.
It was shown in a very limited release this year and is the single most horrifying act of violence
I've viewed in many, many, many years of film watching.
All right.
Yes.
Paul and Deerfield, thank you, Paul, says there's a scene in this film where a couple of characters get into a heated argument in a gay sex club.
Gay sex club.
Absolutely.
One of the men that uses a large fire extinguisher to beat the other man's head to a pulp.
All right.
Literally, blow by a blow out of the force of the heavy canister the man's head actually breaks apart.
His teeth cave in, his face cracks open, his skull shatters, his brains leak out.
Oh!
All this happens in one unbroken shot.
How the special effect was achieved is a mystery.
It's the most raw, sickening act of screen violence I've ever seen.
Paul is...
Absolutely correct, sir.
It says if you get the chance to see it, it is available on DVD, consider yourself worn, irreversible, a French film.
And...
Once you see it, yes.
As if that's not enough, it also contains the most horrific rape scene I've ever seen on film.
All right.
Excellent.
So you can kind of like a tooper, a keeper and a tooper, not many other years.
Oh, there's kind of laser by the way.
The birdie council was right.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
And Frederick Bush was right.
And he coalition the patients with forcefully security.
Oh, you kiddin' bitch.
Get her ass off of there, man.
Get out of my face.
You sell out, you cop out, you silly goose you.
113 and 560 WQM.
If you're one of those people out there who is on diet, we've been talking about diets a lot today.
And always on a show it's a perpetual pastime for a lot of us.
If you're on a low carbure of sugar-free diet, there's a story you're absolutely gonna love.
Whether you're on the Atkins or the South Beach diet or that bit Suzy Semmers or Sugar Busters, whichever one.
The lights of Westboke is a story you gotta include in your shopping plans
because this story's entirely dedicated to you.
They've got a worth thousand low-car products, delicious stuff.
Not that crap that they used to have years ago, but really good tasty stuff now.
Help you stand here straight in your low-carb sugar-free diet.
They've even got bagels and breads, cheesecakes, brownies, muffins, chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips, dips, soups, ketchup,
carbolite ice cream, crunchy pretzels by Carbsons, carbolite candy coated chocolate covered peanuts,
sudden delight chocolate chip cookies and much, much more.
Like I said, there were a thousand low-carb products for you to snack and much,
and you're gonna keep you on at low-carb diets.
You can really be successful this time.
Don't forget to light the Westboke, let's just sample any item in the store before you buy it.
And they have Atkins products on sale all day, every day, even on a soup-us.
And they're open seven days a week from 10 to 10 as well.
You'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to the prestigious and barely hanging on Boston Market.
Or column toll-free at 1-877 low-carb.
On the Weapons Low Carb.com, that's with the www.llowwrp.com.
The lights on Westboke, that's your official Atkins retail center.
Find the local, this is five cities, the radius of yours now.
You in!
If it's a bitch.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Great, the UPS truck is here with my date for tonight.
I'm sorry, I'm an avidale.
She's my very sensual.
Because she's got no genitals.
She feels sensational.
Because her mouth is electrical.
Heaven fuck with my girlfriend, there's always a cinch.
When she's broke up the fire, he faths by square inch.
She used to be fun for me till she busted.
My girlfriend isn't playable.
Yeah, she's a real ghost, she's made of silicon.
My girlfriend isn't playable.
Yeah, she's a real ghost, she's made of Taiwan.
I bought myself a samurai.
They all look identical.
Her panties are edible.
It's too bitchy swimable.
It was just her first face, so you know how I felt.
She got rich and burns and started to melt.
She used to be fun for me till she ignited.
My girlfriend isn't playable.
Oh no, how it happened I don't know how.
My girlfriend isn't playable.
No, I'm already stupid, she's a fire now.
My girlfriend isn't playable.
Oh, we're fine.
Okay.
This is scene to be about to quit.
And I need another year.
Yes.
Don't bow guard that joy in my brain.
Pass it all around.
Don't bow guard that joy in my brain.
You're better now.
Roll.
Under the wall.
Just like the other one.
Uh-huh.
This was scene to be about to quit.
And I don't have another sense.
Don't bow guard that joy in my brain.
Pass it all around.
Don't bow guard that joy in my brain.
Pass it all around.
Under the wall guard that joy in my brain.
Just pass it all around.
I don't know how that goes.
I don't know how that goes.
Oh.
The American cheesecats will remind you that everything tastes better with cheese.
I hate broccoli, except when my mom melts cheddar cheese on top.
Then I even ask for seconds.
Yes, there's nothing like cheese to make things taste terrific.
I'm a side show geek in a circus and I eat ground glass for a living.
My secret? I top the shards with grated parmesan.
It tastes great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood.
That's right. Nothing pops things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese.
My husband likes me to, you know, do him.
But I hate the taste.
So I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese.
It goes down easy.
And that makes it easier to go down.
Cheese makes everything taste better.
So remember, don't forget your cheese.
Oh my God, I feel so good.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Oh yeah, who's your daddy?
Who's your daddy?
Oh my God.
Oh, you're playing with my boss.
Play with my boss.
Oh, I feel so good.
I just rolled up around and I'm so good.
Oh my God.
I love it with you.
Oh, oh, sure.
Oh, oh.
What's wrong with you, I'll go get you a towel.
When you got on the airplane
The drink started right away
A couple of our girls
Memes and tonic and tango rain
And you need another one.
You started acting silly
Like happy jack the clown
You pulled your zipper
And your pants came a tumbling down a home
Then you climbed on the carts
All right.
Things got started with the carts
Then you do, do.
In front of a soul
Joe Raj, don't you know that
If the bathroom was occupied
One of us would step for a sigh
To keep you from do doing
On the plane.
Here comes the politicians
No hair on a real big guard
After the terminator
But can he kick his butt?
Then Cald before he knows
He's creating quite a fuss
Even though he's let him know
Stay for English and on all does
And he doesn't live in ways
But he shows all the issues in that California state
He's going on to the defaite
Rolls on to me now
The voting for booster mountaineer
And now
The voting for booster mountaineer
They are too handsome down
The voting for booster mountaineer
Just look at the grass
The voting for booster mountaineer
The voting for booster mountaineer
The voting for booster mountaineer
The late 126 at 560 W.D.Q. American History X is a pull on away
Curbs stomping murder 54
I'm going to have to get that
It's okay
Chainsaw scene in Scarface 44
Early in the eruption of 36
And only like a few of these
They're like even in the running so far
So far in Scarface 25
And after that nobody's like even more than 20
But we have a whole bunch of new ones on there
So the peruse and take your choice
Augusta District back to it's out there
Don't forget tomorrow
Thursday October 9, noon to 2
We've got another van hit with our rest of the merchandise
For band and pay rescue
Sponsored by the real yellow pages
From Georgia's close personal friends at Bell South
At power sports 1090 W.D.Q.
The lovely Miguel will be there with our CDs
And the key chains all of these things
Per tickets CN I still don't really understand what that means
Per tickets to October fest this weekend
At the German American Club in Hollywood
And believe you mean you better get to that German American club real soon
If you know if you know what's good for you
On your mortgage shoppers out there
The following message could save you tens of thousands of dollars
Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically
But they're still an interest rate available at the amazingly low rate of 1.0
9.5% you heard right just 1.95% from financial group
So call them toll free smoke them if you got them call 1-800-940-Lend
It's true the economy is changing so if you're even thinking about refinancing your home
Or if you want to move up to a really better real estate investment
This is something you ought to check out immediately if not sooner
Call financial group 1-800-940-Lend
And with just 1.95% financing you'll get great you'll get the payments like these
If you have you a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a mirror
368 bucks a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan you pay only 736 a month
It's unbeatable so call financial group right now and get that low 1.95% interest rate
You thought was only a dream of fantasy interest rates are climbing but you can still get on this or hurry and call them
1-800-940-Lend
They're an equal housing lender
Credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR
We're sports radio 5CC UAM
Sports back radio WQL
Hey did you see that new beer commercial with the women's volleyball team?
Oh god this is awesome
What about the one about the guy standing in the mountain stream?
He's so terrible I don't know when his love is
Oh but that's nothing what about the one with all those silly stupid filthy horses?
Those clients makers and something now if they were stallions that would be different story
Some beer companies use scatly clad women or fancy jingles but here at Heineyman beer
We know the only thing really important is how easy it goes down
Using our patent dejaculation process Heineyman is brewed to perfection in spherical vats and then shot through a long tube
yielding a beer that not only tastes great but gives the best head
4 Heineyman phones?
Oh god yes and he's incoming
Bottom sub boys
Heineyman beer leaves a madly taste in your mouth
Once you try to Heiney you'll never touch another bush distributed by man launching a company by rallying
Mike Nullians I suffer from irritable bowel symptoms
So it's diarrhea and constipation
Whoa no more cheese for you
I use equal lassen it equalizes the system and relieves irritable bowel symptoms
No Karen this is a new carpet did you take your equal acting?
Sorry my bad
Here's Andrew dice clay for dice errone
Alright let's say you eaten
You sick and f***ing tired of f***ing potatoes and that stovetop s***
Do like me honey eat this dice errone
Come on it's almost as simple as you
Put the f***ing bag in the f***ing pot and you turn on the f***ing stove
You think you can manage that honey
Hey butter b***ing things done
So remember Yankee doodle came to town
writing on a pony
Stuck a feather off his accent called it dice errone
Oh doodle dice oh doodle the tap and take a street
Nothing says a breakfast like a bolicereal topped with fresh berries
And no berries are tastier than the ones picked by Sam Dingle
Since 1975 Sam Dingle has been there for the picking of every one of his berries
Always picked by hand Dingle berries are fresh and juicy
Never too soft never too hard
Croning a warm moist climate Dingle berries are always naturally rich
And never too year filled with unwanted byproducts
Each Dingle berry has its own unique flavor
But confident moms love them because they know where they came from
Hmm great Dingle berries mom
Dingle berries you could pick your own but then they wouldn't be Dingle berries
Oh you ugly bearded one your time has come
We think it's about time you died or summer
Oh we want you to a life get or alive
Bear is not a place that you can hide or summer
Oh you make a sick such a prick
Time to say goodbye when you see our lost
Please tell him that we are set high
Oh you make a sick such a prick
Time to save it by waiting you see Allah
Please tell him that we don't say hi
Dai, Dai, Dai, Dai, Dai
Woo!
If it didn't die you're summer
If it didn't die you're summer
Oh, don't go breaking the bar
Stop breaking my balls
We draw the window
Come on stop breaking my balls
Don't break it apart
Don't go breaking apart
Join the anarex to your gun today
Have yourself come down on Christian fun
Throw your friends away, we'll back you all away
Then they yard right to on a bun
You think of all the benefits you're getting
Life will be sweeter when you catch your heater
Carry a license to be deadly
Come on and join today
It's the American way
It's the American way
Remember of the anarex
Aim for the beat
Aim for the chest
And always aim for the head
If they're wearing the best
Sharpen your skills
You feel more comfortable
You think you're gonna spend your right to hold up
Come on and join today
And you'll be proud to say
You're a member of the anarex
You son of a bitch
21 till 2 at 5 60
We got the mad dog at 2
The Humper at 4 this afternoon
And then of course all the we jump on a bandwagon
Are we on the bandwagon?
Yes, we are
The pre pre pre pre pre game at 7 o'clock
Pre game at 7 45 to late 20
Marlins on Dreck
And then the Marlins at the Cubs game 2 after that
Centrelating unbelievable 11 and you victory last night
With about 100 home runs
Marlins at the Cubs a 29
80k after the ball game
And Mark Eisenberg solo
While Joe Castella is getting his tonsils tickled
55 votes for American history ex
Curbs stopping murder the most horrifying death scene ever in a movie
Scarface Chainsaw scene 47
Alien or alien corruption 27
Psycho shower scene 25
Baseball, badded and the buried alive
Casino 17
Regis of Lost Ark
Melting Nazis 14
Hopefully that will come into vogue
The Omen in pale priest 11
Exorcist father, Carus 11
And saving prior Ryan Nazi knife killing 10
Everybody else in single digits but you got about 100 to work on right now
Okay, maybe not 100 but
We're not
20 till 2 a.m. If you're underpaid
If you're working in a really crappy job working your ass off
But if you feel like your life is on a treadmill
Your legs are moving but you're not going nowhere
Here's the answer call fast train
They can change your life forever
Before the end of the year they can have you in a new high-paying career
So call today be sure to come type director to call that's always good for a very very good laugh
Call 1-866 fast train they can have you train and certified before years end
The demand for computer professionals is gigantic it's humongous it's big
So there's no smarter no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career
And extricate yourself from that rough
Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules
And with six locations in Florida and four in South Florida
There's about to be a fast train near by you
They offer financial assistance for people to qualify as well
So what you got to lose beside a really measly paycheck and a crappy job
Working for some some puts call fast train today toll free at 1-866 fast train
That's 1-866 fast train check them out of that wicked worldwide web first at fast train.com
And then make that call finally and do something good for yourself call 1-866 fast train
And my name is Paul this is sports 205-16-Q-A-M
That's just cute, Morpheus
You and from the D.R. Bag in the next installment in the matrix the third
Prophecy in the third Prophecy the Oracle says
It's so Smith would have become
Yes
First there was the matrix then the matrix reloaded now matrix uncocks
Directed by the former Larry Wachowski
No notice Debbie coming soon with theater and a dumpster near you
Oh
All right
You get that
You get that my part
My part
We know
Oh my
I don't know
Boy the way that mafster played
Not a single set we paid
To them free turn sure was great
That's where the days
And please download it then
Every June from R.E.M. Mr. We just knew one day
That website would be content
And
Junior meets with these more types
That's the best comments I've read
See that sucks we have to pay
Those were the days
Oh are you?
Hey that's the ceilers
Oh
Looking fine
I'll tell you what
You may see a major option when I'm an East for president
So
Ben
Three quiet
Link I'll work to guarantee
But that would crash
No but they my wife is not
Ring I want her big
But
Out of the campaign trail
So I can stay
And hope and chase college tail
Judging from what I've seen
The choices are obscene
It's either why me labor murder
How it be
Carry court
Get over rest
Can't get elected
Slap a bomb
Tinn on hills
Test
Please get the wish to run
So I can have some fun
Ow
Me and Jeff Aquan
And her in Washington
Tune I'll hold up
T-shirt contested my yard
And all that long
I'll walk
I'll have that be hard
It'd be a dream come true
It'd be a major
Two
It pulls like will he work to pull us
Which are
Roo
Have a heart
And like
Rouse
Some bagging and pleading
Put big mouth
And
One
House
It's always the same old story
You and your pals can't agree on what to watch
I want to watch stock car racing
I want to watch
Show
Well now you can both be happy
With the NASCAR PGA channel
It's two great sports on one channel
Watch Jeff Gordon with his number 24 Chevrolet wide open
Blow past Jim Furek on the 18th hole of the Buick Open
The NASCAR PGA channel
Never before had two acronyms combined
Unites such diametrically a post-fectator
The sports
Here's Tiger Woods on the green at eight
And here's the Junior in the VIT number eight
Look out two groups of athletes
Both shooting for the checkered flagstick
The adrenaline
The relaxation
The NASCAR PGA channel
The NASCAR PGA channel is the secondary
Of the figures that do the right channel
Be there
She's a perfect match
Who likes to flash her pants
Who likes to flash her pants
When she don't have those on
She's hanging like a straw me on right
Pink Ultras Rancid Snap
Pink Ultras Rancid Snap
Imagine what you can catch
From an
Ultras Rancid Snap
Gonna reappear
Scratches with a brush
You
She'd find her all go
And he'll learn but you'll never get throught
And Coltras Rancid Snap
And Coltras Rancid Snap
A swirl is full of crap
And Coltras Rancid Snap
Using pleasure and moisture
Making out her poison
Walking with the dill of dough
Burmely jammed inside of her butt
And Coltras Rancid Snap
And Coltras Rancid Snap
Go on and know what it can hatch
And Coltras Snap
My
And local
We're sports radio 560
You and you and you and you
And you
Well my name is Gary Conjett
And I am living my first beer
Because I think one of my interns
And she went a gift of beer
Oh, Shondra they weren't surprised
When her eyes were told to come side by
And I was hoping Shondra
Humping her instead of my body
Humping Shondra
Humping Shondra
Humping Shondra
Humping Shondra
Humping Shondra
Humping Shondra
Humping Shondra
Humping Shondra
Humping Shondra
Humping Shondra
I believe the language I hear on TV every home of word is an obscenity.
In years to be the cable was a horror at worst but now the networks let their actors curse.
There's no end in sight to this obscenity, all the dialogue and tape from fantasy.
Swearin' like a sailor on a pre-day pass, words a whole lot worse than asked.
If one has bum, how will it be?
If one takes out the F-bomber, where TV?
If one has bum, there's no telling where, they'll drop one on the U-T-L.
If Jesus walked deep for today and wanted to lose weight,
like Jared to look good for that special lady on a special day to hypothetical,
to lose a tunic size would be quite a feat.
Even for Jesus.
So here's the question, what would Jesus eat?
Swiss cheese, cos it's holy, miracle whip.
He'd have no other.
Thomas's English muffins, stout, virgin bloody Mary,
son or his mother.
Lucky charms.
You guys are supposed to sing because he cured the leper cons.
He did the actual cure leper cons.
What he did was he cured leper, not leper colonies.
Oh, I must have called him.
That's red, that's just, I don't think that's any different.
Lepper food.
Angel food cake.
That's better.
Devil Pam.
No way.
Hearts of Pam.
Tell us more.
On ice cream.
Make up, make up, make up.
Home all Sunday.
Yeah, yeah!
That's what Jesus would eat.
Thank you, move buddy.
Oh, man.
And then cos he went to buy his groceries.
He'd redeem coupons and all the store's employees.
And he would cross-frame to get all trim and fit.
And one thing that he would not eat, he would not eat shit.
Shut your mouth.
Talk about Jesus' would need.
Uncle Benz can burn the rice.
He seeks me a heathen cheese burger in paradise.
Chicken Alla King.
Holy Allah, Pope Yes Chicken.
What?
Pope Yes Chicken.
I think he means Pope Yes Chicken.
Pope Yes Chicken.
Oh, Pope Yes Chicken.
Oh, I see.
Did I do that again?
I missed that red thing.
He was a carpenter, but their diet would not do.
Carren's carpenter's diet ain't proven.
Isn't good for you.
He would meet Kees just to prove he was a real man.
And since he was raised Jewish, he'd have to pass on the heavenly hand.
That's what Jesus would eat.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, my God.
Oh!
Oh!
Yes, you should have known, but now we got this color.
The challenge went a thread as near.
This killed a counter-person who believes that we got hit once.
The next one will be more severe.
Yes.
But I guess you must be dumb.
When you say that this new system really needs to be refined.
My talk to cream means alright.
And orange means a title you say.
What if I'm colorblind on the acid when it's red, big red?
Oh, baby, I'm much too much.
Yes, you are when it's red, big red.
And it's bad for you because you can follow us.
Bye, bye, bye!
To meet with your show on Climax, you will be QAF Miami for Margaille.
Let's get wild.
