They tap off or know without their piece.
Damn, bagger, I can't stand up.
I'm tap-boy Latoya with your telephone book.
Exposing the checks and family you're a cook.
But neck in and playboy, you bear all for some cash.
You're more suited for the inquire girl, your trash.
All the dirt, all the checks and you tell.
Michael and his monkey juicy style.
With all his witness, you make my signal normal.
Girl, just shut up.
You're tap-boy Latoya, damn unless I blame.
Time to make a sleazy book of your family's name.
Lomi Shostiras.
I guess somebody must have loaned somebody a lot of money for that tough piece last night, man.
There she was again. Her first outing in six years, Latoya.
I would have King Meister.
That was pathetic.
All of that stuff that he wrote in the book and all of those things that he said.
Come to find out that her former manager, a slave master, he forced her to say all those things.
It's a very functional family now.
No more dysfunction in the Jackson family.
They all love each other.
And Michael is just a wonderful, like a big teddy bear.
He's a great guy and a very tough businessman.
And yada yada yada in the duty, duty, duty, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh my God.
I kept coming back to it because it was like watching a gigantic train wreck.
I kept going back to it as better or much at least get the beat and all that stupid crap on their game.
It was amazing.
And the callers, they must not only just screen the calls, they must make the calls.
Yeah.
They must have a staff of phony callers that call them.
That's what we ought to do.
Can you imagine the great calls we could ever read?
We'll just have a whole staff of phony people call them in.
Maybe Muff could make a call.
He likes their calling up here all the time.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Just go away, duff, okay?
Just go find something more productive to do.
Like picking a good one, you know?
Anyway, it's a 903 of 560 WQM.
We give this audience a lot to do.
We keep them off the streets on your empty of that, huh?
What a public service.
Oh, look at that.
Since I printed this out, we already got six more phony votes for Key West.
Wow.
This audience has been real busy since I went to bed last night.
You'd think that if they're going to pick a pool, pick a peck a peck a peater.
No, to crank that they find something more important than this one.
Well, yeah.
But I guess the reason they did that is because it was not Miami.
We asked yesterday the most overrated city in the world is.
And Miami, of course, won hands down.
But between the time I went to bed last night in this morning,
Key West is about 200 and some odd to crank votes.
That's a more like a 250.
And just the votes pouring in there.
Key West only, they're going to get zapped.
Small potatoes.
Let it turn over to 400 first.
Oh, well, it will, Billy.
It will.
Yeah.
Let me refresh it here.
It'll certainly have 400 votes.
So we had 1,500 some odd votes, some of which about maybe 20 or 30, which were really real.
There you go.
400 on mine for Key West.
300, which were phony votes at least.
Anyway, Miami is the winner.
I heard Hank pick up on this yesterday.
And I said, hey, that's a runner.
See, Hank at least listens to this show.
He wants to integrate while picks up on something that we do and embellishes it,
elaborates on it, kills an easy hour with it like he did yesterday before I were a game on.
Nice go, Humber.
It is an interesting topic.
In fact, the poll we're going to today is even like a kind of a spin-off on it.
How do you like that?
We're spinning it off.
Miami wins hands down.
All I did here, Hank, say, you know, as far as one of his favorites, you know,
Miami would have to be on the list based on what?
I don't know.
A guy that's traveled around as much as he has.
Maybe he's found interesting places down here.
Or maybe a lot of good hookers.
I don't know one of the other.
I think that's more likely.
More power to him, you know, a lot of good hookers.
That's got to be it.
What else could it be?
I don't know.
The one that.
Ah!
Got two inches of snow on a grounded tarot here.
And you know, something big-stinking deal.
Who cares?
The hotel he is.
Yeah.
Miami 328 votes wins hands down.
Nobody even closed, including the phony votes for Key West.
There were some other phony votes on here too.
They just had a blast with this poll.
You know, it's good that we keep people off the streets with us.
Now that we're getting ready to blow the world up.
New Orleans, 152.
I heard, who the hell called in?
Who was it saying that?
Oh, yeah, Hank was talking about it.
That it's a CD and it's a toilet and it's a source.
Not exactly what I said.
Yeah, pretty much.
We're right.
And about that fatty food and a real extra spicy food that will get your
Roads popping all over the place.
If you want to have bleeding hemorrhoids like Ray Foster.
Ro!
Okay, right now that's the perfect place to get them whipped up into a frenzy.
You'll have grapes.
I'm telling you, you won't be able to sit down for a month if you eat that crap down there.
A Paris 124 was third.
Then Los Angeles 93 in New York 91.
This is the most overrated city in the world.
NASA out of Bahamas 74.
That was the late edition.
And congratulations to everyone who called in to remind me on that.
Good choice.
Yeah, man.
What a dump.
The Bahamas.
I'll see Hank didn't want to say that because every now and then he has need
some shows over there.
Right?
Yeah.
Him and Eddie Kay.
Sure.
Because I guess they get a free deal over there and they get to go and plunge their brains out one of those casinos.
But man, you talk about our rip off place.
That hotel, I know it's years ago, but nevertheless.
That world, Bahamas, Bohemian, whatever that place was in NASA.
It was so mildly and moldy in there that everything we loved.
The walls were soaked.
Everything was soaked.
It was grotesque.
$50 for a cab driver.
You could have walked in 13 seconds.
Just hand over your money, man.
We'll give you a show you a good time, man.
Hanvi over your wallet.
Let me just to clean you out, man.
What's your grave ravers, all your Bahamians?
We know that you're listening to QM.
We know you love this show.
We only wish we could say the same about you.
We know that you just rip us off and hate us like poison.
See all this business about people hating Americans.
One thing about it in Bahamas, they always hated us and they still do.
They just want our money, man.
At least they're pretty upfront about it.
Yeah, just turn the money over to me, man.
Get in.
All into food.
Oh my god.
I don't think it.
I forget what the casino was.
It was before they built these new ones.
So this is many years ago.
And I'm not going back to check it out to make sure how nice it is now.
I don't want to find out about it.
The food was grotesque.
Really? The goat wasn't fresh?
The goat was old and used and had been nailed up on somebody's door.
Front door for a few months.
Orlando 66.
I think they should have done better than that, don't you?
Absolutely.
Orlando should have more than 66.
Talk about overrated.
Sorry, Eric.
Talk about our...
Well, he can't help it.
It's a real Mickey Mouse...
I can't...
He's cut it down.
Vegas 50.
Man, that's kind of like a median number there.
It's not too bad.
And the one guy called in and said, yeah, Vegas is overrated because the...
The sex life out there isn't so great.
The hookers.
Yeah.
Not as affordable.
What is that?
Is that the only thing the parameter?
I mean, you can get lucky anywhere.
He could get lucky in like Jackson, Michigan.
He could get late.
How do you know?
You don't know what he looks like or how much money he has.
Like I said, there's a guy that couldn't get late in Jackson, Michigan.
That guy that called yesterday.
Tampa 45.
And I'll say it again.
I don't...
When I travel the world, I never hear anybody say, oh, we can't wait to go to Tampa.
Well, they got that bridge.
So what is that all about?
Why would you say it's overrated when nobody ever says anything good about it?
I say...
That's what I say.
Unreadable.
Tampa.
Amsterdam 32.
Although nobody would call it and tell me why.
I guess that was just to be contrary.
Dallas 28, which again, I never heard anybody say, oh, let's go to Dallas.
Let's see where the...
Yeah, I don't know.
Assassination took place there.
Philadelphia 24.
I mean, have you always wanted to go to see the Texas Schoolbook Depository?
The Grassy Noll.
And the Grassy Noll.
And see if Lee Harvey Oswald was really up there with all in cardboard box.
And to look for shell casings.
Philadelphia 24.
Aspen 17.
They were just kissing the Carlisers' ass after he put that one under by himself.
Hey, don't be putting any more stuff on here by yourself, Mr. Smarty Pants.
Sure.
I'm positive.
All right.
After that article you put on a website.
Oh, I'm never going to get over that.
That was just...
Am I not sending you enough material the last two days?
I must have fact you 600 articles in the last two days.
And he's putting his own crap on there, including one that...
When I saw that this morning, I wanted to kill somebody and it wasn't myself.
It wasn't on there long enough to taint anything.
Oh!
Yeah, the hell it wasn't.
Taint thing.
They were all...
I can smell it all the way up here.
Get it off of there.
Aspen 17.
San Francisco 15.
Oh, yeah.
I heard somebody call Hank yesterday talking about...
Where now was it Singapore?
And about what a wonderful city was.
Only his misfortune.
He was there during the gay week.
Yeah.
I think that's what he was trying to say.
Yeah, that's like my being here during that roster week, whatever they call that.
What do they call it?
The Goomba...
The Goomba Festival.
In fact, I wish I'd rather be here during the Goomba Festival,
might at least get some good sausages out there on the street.
Some good weenies.
San Francisco 15, most overrated, Luxembourg 7 and San Diego 7.
See, the reason I mean, it's got to be cranked, folks,
because how many people have been Luxembourg?
I don't know, maybe...
That many, maybe seven.
None.
Maybe it really sucks, I don't know.
How about how would anybody go to Luxembourg in the first place?
Which leads us to our poll today, but before we get to it.
I don't know, they're poll.
Yeah, let's see how long before that guy calls in.
I'll start in time.
First through the next.
Oh, yeah, another poll show.
Another poll show.
Oh, man, you just gotta love it.
You know, all the sick, crazy bastards we have out there.
It's wonderful. That's why people listen.
Because we got sick, crazy bastards.
In fact, that's all we basically want to hear from anymore.
It's sick, crazy bastards.
Not all these people want to tell us about the war
and about the evils of the world.
Yeah, what are we gonna do about that?
Just like Lignis today, he wants me to play some fag song
by George Michael about you, some anti-war song.
Let's start playing Buffalo Springfield for what it's worth.
What do you say?
We'll get all the old folk music from the 60s.
Thundercrack, new bloody song.
I'll count that CD over here while I was sorting some things out.
Thundercrack Newman.
Gotta play that.
Really? Sure.
Huh.
Can smell it.
There's something in the air, all right.
Probably Mo's bag overflowed.
Oh, it's speaking of Mo.
Cause I heard a comment about Nickers, and if I was there,
we all gotta wear Nickers at the golf.
See, the reason that if I was in town,
I wouldn't be at the golf term is I don't do golf term in smoke.
Golf is boring.
It's not a sport, it's a game.
And number two, even if it works, I think there's no tiger,
there's no filmickelson, there's no, uh, there's nothing.
So, D'Areal, even though the station is out there
and obsessed with trying to squeeze a few bucks out of it this year,
like always, D'Areal is like a throwaway.
So throwaway.
And Nickers went out with bad hair pieces, like I said before.
The fact that Nickers were a part of golf,
you do understand, remember,
you've seen pictures of Ben Hogan and Sammy Sneed.
Sure, and the Sammy Sneed, by the way,
he putted side saddle, Sammy Sneed.
Like a girl, side saddle.
But anyway, yeah, that's when they started.
The Scottish invented it.
The whole thing.
With their kilts, and then it became Nickers,
and they were all dolled up, like a bunch of, you know,
justified country rich and snobs.
And that's, of course, what they were.
Plads socks.
Yeah, a flat, flat, big, flat socks.
Mm-hmm.
Oh my God.
Oh, you got to look the part.
In fact, I thought it was hysterical.
The first thing most said to Guilty this morning,
take off those checkered pants.
I thought it was cute.
This story just frosted my ass.
I guess we better do the break first about the man-charge
with trespassing with the tea,
or the Albany Mall.
Yeah, you don't want to.
This could show you how far America has come down the ladder.
All you people still think you're in the land of the free.
Get real, man.
Get serious.
You must be in a dream world.
Land of the free as in the past.
As in the ancient past.
Land of the free.
As in the BB before Bush.
913 to 560.
Don't let me get all whipped up again today,
even though I have to be a lot better at being a baling strength.
Back in duck, don't call me this afternoon.
Don't call me.
I will slam the phone down.
Calls me again yesterday.
Pope Cabranda, this is what I mean.
I just figured out yourself, okay?
Do something constructive and useful for once in your life.
Make a decision.
Oh!
Oh!
Make a decision!
Rumor has it that sometimes muffsits in the old in the tea room in air for hours.
Trying to figure out because especially if it grays out of the building,
not that you can't tell him which hand to wipe with.
Paper plastic.
Either that or maybe he's drilling glory holes.
I'm not sure.
913 at 560.
W2QM, if you're still reluctant about ordering a bed over the phone,
don't do it because I've been doing it.
George Dunnett, Miguel did it.
Over a million people of bottom-up mattress over the phone from Dalam mattress,
plus hundreds more are doing it every week.
Why?
Because it's the smart thing to do, not dumb like Frito.
Our good friends at Dalam mattress ought to be like right on the tip of your tongue
because we talk about him every day on the show and nothing's got a bigger impact
on your life and the way you feel, each and every day, they're getting a good night's sleep.
Look at me, I had a great night's sleep last night and I don't even have my Dalam mattress yet.
It's coming though.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now and you'll have a great night's sleep from Dalam mattress too.
Take it from me.
It's the easiest piece of shopping you can do in your life.
Just that one quick phone call gets you exactly the mattress you're looking for.
They got the best in the business.
Seely, Serta, Simmons, King Coil, Erie, Sais and Style, no substitutions, no bait and swish.
Dalam mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction in the universe.
They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat your right.
Once you buy a mattress and Dalam mattress, you'll never go back to a showroom and get ripped off again.
And don't forget when you buy your mattress and Dalam mattress, they set up the brand new bedding
and take away the crappy old smelly bedding for free.
That's right, no matter how nasty and sore and grotesque and unmanshable the old bedding is.
They take away the old bedding and set up your brand new one for free when you do business with Dalam mattress.
Make that call right now and enjoy a great night's sleep as soon as tonight and for months and years to come.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S Tomat Fatboy told you to call.
That's my life and look all this is Fort Real 560.
2-800-M
Gangrape is funny.
What's next?
Dead babies?
All of America is tuning in to find out who will be the next un-American idol.
Tonight, Fun Candy Hard, my talentless Taliban creeps face the judge who will be eliminated.
Will it be Mohammed?
Mohammed?
Mohammed?
Mohammed?
Over?
Mohammed?
And now, the end is near.
We will destroy the great Satan.
And when they're done, each un-American performer is judged on the spot by an un-American idol judge like Simon.
Will no Mohammed?
I thought your performance was repugnant, repulsive, revoking, in other words, your fabulous.
On the American Idol, where bombing on stage takes on a whole new meaning.
Oh, summer, you deserve it!
You deserve it!
You've blown my mind to summer!
Oh, Tadalatadalat!
On the American Idol, where even the winners are losers!
18 and 560 WQA and we are radio-ish.
Now, let me ask you, why are you faxing in the sub-boring crack?
Well, it's half of what was faxed over here.
Yeah, but that's not the point.
I mean, why are you faxing me all of these bedtime stories?
I don't know.
I thought we aren't doing that anymore.
Just so you have it, so you can see it.
Why?
I don't know.
So I can get depressed.
Okay.
Do I need to see anything new about Dick Cheney or about fancishism by this federal government?
I don't need to see him more.
But you're just depressing me now with this crap.
Between you and Bokobrine and Carlos, I think Eric is the winner in this contest.
Eric's starting to look a lot better.
What are you laughing about?
And all these people just making their own little...
Just be good little soldiers.
They're okay.
Just go step along.
Speaking of that, do you have that Latoya card still handy?
That is on a card isn't it?
Well, there is very much aware of all the children that were there.
All the boys had stayed there.
And she is the one who always said that Michael...
Excuse my expression, but he's a faggot.
And she would say that damn faggot, I can't stand him.
Oh no, but last night she changed her tune, Latoya.
And now that she's in, not under that evil spell.
Speaking of evil spells and voodoo, which we'll get to momentarily.
Yeah, Michael Jackson, no matter how much we want him to go away,
he just will not go away.
He refuses.
And Rick Faxeson says it was nice to see that Larry King never asked Latoya.
What time she had to return Michael's nose back to him?
Larry is so lame.
Yes he is.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
He's lame all right.
Talk about letting somebody off the hook.
Just, you know, he would pretend that he was following up the question.
Like, you read that stuff and you really...
wanted to read it.
I mean, you know.
He just let her say whatever else you wanted to send.
And they put on a bunch of askuses.
Oh, Latoya, it's so wonderful to see you.
And you look so good.
Now you're going to be performing live and Sweden here.
And those are the only cause I heard where Ackler calls.
Not how, not how come you wrote all that crap in the book.
And now you're changing your tune.
Because your brother's a child molester.
And you're changing your tune.
I want to talk about that anymore.
Because it's bad for business.
Anyway, don't get me started on that bitch.
That's a cool thing.
Man charged with trespassing after refusing to remove pro-peace shirt and mall.
This story is so freaking what America is all about right now
that it's as scary as what it is.
People ought to be hiding under the God damn bed is what they ought to be doing because...
That's the American fucking way.
Right.
Albany, New York.
A man was charged with trespassing in a mall after he refused to take off a t-shirt that said,
peace on earth and give peace a chance.
Mall security approached Stephen Downes, 61 and 31-year-old son Roger on Monday night
after they were spotted wearing the t-shirts at the cross gate's mall
in a suburb of Albany, the men's side.
The two said they were asked to remove the shirts made at a store there or leave the mall they refused.
The guards returned with a police officer repeated the ultimatum.
The son took off his t-shirt but the father refused.
I said, all right then, arrest me if you have to.
Downs said, so that's what they did.
They put the handcuffs on and took me away.
Based on what?
Based on they didn't like his freaking t-shirt.
Oh, I understand that, but what law are they citing?
Downs pleaded innocent to the charges Monday night.
The New York Civil Liberties Union City would help it with this case if asked.
Police chief James Morley said his officers were just responding to a complaint by mall security.
We don't care what they have on their shirts, but they were asked to leave the property and its private property, Morley said.
A mall spokeswoman didn't return calls Tuesday seeking comment.
Monday's arrest came less than three months after about 20 peace activists wearing similar t-shirts.
We're told to leave the mall by security and police that were no arrest in that incident.
How do you like that?
So in other words, like kids going to school, they're going to get sent home if they're going to t-shirt that the teacher decides is unpopular or provocative or has a message they don't like.
And now if you go to the shopping mall, so I think that everybody in Albany, New York, that's what these people ought to be doing as organizing.
Everybody who wants peace or give peace a chance or doesn't agree with a goose step into line, they should just not shop for that mall anymore.
Sounds good to me, right?
Tell them just the old FU sounds good.
Since when do malls have a dress code?
Because that's the excuse at schools. You can't wear anything provocative because of the dress code.
Right.
You can't have free speech is what if boils down to you.
You can't display anything on your shirt. It reminds me of Hollywood Beach not that many years ago when Mayor Mara Golanty, the fascist mayor of Hollywood, life is a beach.
Oh no, you can't be wearing those!
And I forget what the other ones were. The other slightly more provocative t-shirts they were wearing on there.
Oh, you can't have those on Hollywood Beach, right?
Or the phone police, don't forget them.
We're going to turn you into a frog, okay?
As if we don't have enough of those already down there.
Just disgraceful, all this bull crap and all this pseudo patriotism and putting the hand over the heart and saluting the flag in one nation under God.
Yeah, right, you're living in a past, okay?
You got a bunch of fascists now deciding who can say what, when they can say it, where they can say it, where they can express themselves, what we can say on the year, yaddy-addy-addy-addy, whether or not we can play condolence, all of the other crap.
Forget about freedom. That's in a past we're taking gigantic leaping, not just steps.
That's indicates like, you know, one step at a time. We're taking gigantic bounds, you know, how like a kangaroo leaps from one spot to the back into the distant past, where freedom was just a fantasy in somebody's mind, just a big newton of somebody's imagination.
Freedom, my big fat frickin ass.
God, better take this miney call. Hello?
Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, my mother had a friend who was curator at that museum in Texas, Dallas, the school of the positive toward museum.
Anyway, I went to the opening with him and there's a film in there. I guess it was a home video or something.
These are a food or film?
These are food or film? Is there a copy of it?
I don't know. They had it in the, anyway. It shows it towards the grassy knoll and there's a puff of smoke coming into the damn trees.
Oh, there's no question about it.
And there's people running towards the trees and I'm like, what's the deal here?
All the people in the crowd are at least most of them ran right toward the grassy knoll because that's where the gunshots came from. They did not come from the Texas Schoolbook Depository.
Well, if you ever go there, check out the film in there and show you can see smoke.
Okay.
Sorry, man. Probably Georgia's lit up a big fat one up there.
Yeah, that's what the smoke is.
Well, seriously, I mean, anybody with a brain knows that it was a conspiracy that the Harvey Oswald was a patsy.
Just like he said, he was set up to take the fall for the assassination of prison Kennedy and for the shooting of the police officer officer Tibits was at his name.
I guess.
What do you mean you guess?
You're supposed to be the expert. I'm supposed to be the old seamow fart.
Officer JD Tibits, I believe, was his name.
But nevertheless, I'll take your word for it.
He was a patsy Oswald. He never shot anybody except of course Jack Ruby.
And that was another whole story.
Or was the other way around. I'm sorry. I had a bad movie too.
Yeah, Jack Ruby shot him at the, yeah.
Yeah, just coincidence that they just happen to let Ruby walk in there because he was known to the police.
They just let him kind of walk in and oh, but I'm being.
And so now we'll never get the real truth from Lee Oswald.
And then Jack Ruby and Jalen, Dorothy Kiel-Gallon.
Vooka Brian will tell you about that one of these days.
In between them, make it a lot of bits that we can't play on the year.
Dorothy Kiel-Gallon.
Yeah, no, no, no. She died real suddenly, too, very suspicious, huh?
And then next to it was John Charles Daly and Bennett surf and they all died from what's my line?
Separately in Francis. She just refuses to die. She didn't die. Did she? I think she's still alive.
Huh?
She just refuses to die. Arlene Francis, everybody else on that show,
it was everyone who said, soupy sales and Arlene Francis, they all died.
Yeah, what? What's my line?
Which John Charles Daly, boy, that was a bad show.
But it goes to show in the early days of TV no matter what crap they put on, we'd watch it.
You want to know why? Because that's what was there.
Yeah, not like now. Now when you got a choice of 50,000 different channels,
I was telling George before the show today. I watched yesterday a Spanish language version of Dracula from 1931 with subtitles.
Dracula. It was a camp. It was funny.
It sounds like it would be funny. It was very amusing.
So we'll get to today's pull momentarily when we're good and ready.
We'll take some more of these fantastic calls. We're trying to lighten things up a little bit for you.
Instead of getting you mired all of this nervous, nearly crap.
What are we going to do about it? Look on our website.
We got 50,000 SIDLATING STORIES on there about the war and about bush did this
and Bush is going to do that and as Krop says this in Tom Ridges and Asshole, stuff like that.
It's all on there.
But as far as the show is concerned, that guy yesterday, that screamer that called on the show yesterday,
remember he's going to be a song of dance about what I should be doing.
He was like one step away from that bitch that calls about how difficult it is.
It's not difficult at all. People want to be entertained. They want some amusement.
They don't want to be beat. At least I don't want to be beaten over the head with this crap all day.
What are we going to do about it? It's not a question of if it's a question of when.
I say March 12th. Pick that. That's a week from today.
All right. Got it written down. Got it written down.
I'm not using the office pool for the first La Bomba.
When a Bomba Grande on a bag there or somewhere there.
You already said between the 10th and the 20th.
I'm being specific now. I'm being very specific.
March 12th. What do you say?
12th sounds good. We're going to do an office pool. That's a good idea.
How about the 14th?
Okay. And Carlos.
We're just Friday. 17th.
17th.
I already was going to go there.
And Miguel, you can take a pick too since he happens to be writing something.
What's Miguel got in the office pool? What date?
And write them all down. Write our names down.
The trend day. He's voting for the 27th.
Oh, that's when the trends come on.
Yeah. Oh, brother. That's going to be detail.
Big day. Wait and see that. If we have another one.
There's real bad trends.
And if Mo goes up again, we'll have to start sucking his checkered pants.
Hey, but look on the bright side.
Yeah. Remember the previous goal for our ratings went way up because nobody else in town is doing.
You know, talk about that.
That was on WIOD.
You see, right? That was an IOD.
That was a news and talk station.
Not a sports station.
Oh, I don't think too many people are going to be doing a sports station to find out what's going on in the world.
On the same station that when 9-11 took place,
Geldy was in on their babbling.
What are we going to say about it?
What are we going to say?
Let's talk sports. Come on.
You know that. Remember that?
Inversement.
Sports.
9-28-560 WQM.
And I guarantee a guy's size makes a difference. Trust me.
Take it from somebody who knows.
According to the Florida Department of Labor,
computer professionals have big, big, impressive mushrooming paychecks.
That's what we're talking about.
According to the state of Florida,
computer careers are among the highest paid and in highest demand.
And fast-ranking up, you get a big fat one too,
and a paycheck as well, with their computer career.
And they can train you just four short months.
Fast-ranking's got locations all over town,
so no matter where you be living,
there's probably one right by you.
They're in candle. They're in Miami for Lauderdale and Pemberg Pines.
And they've got day-evening a weekend schedule.
So no longer do you have any excuse to stay in a crappy,
minimum wage, dead end job, working for some schmuck.
Call fast-trained today.
They'll be happy to answer all your questions and tell you how do you get into a real good job.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
That's 1-866 Fast Train.
They've got full-time job placement, guaranteed finance,
and call them today or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com.
Get yourself a big fat one from Fast Train,
and you're going to smoke it with you.
1-866 Fast Train.
My life and local, this is 420560.
You ain't can't wait.
I'm here.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
The World of America.
Mohammed, over!
Mohammed, and...
Can I just play that or am I a host, knitting?
No, you played it.
Huh? You played it?
See, you see, I asked him, Carlos, he's like,
ah, I was across the road.
Well, I'm not listening to this crap.
Dr. Phil, he's the fresh new face of TV talk.
Now, his folksy pearls of wisdom are available on this new compact disk.
Introducing the best self-darker Phil with great Dr. Phil quotes.
Like...
You want to know where the truffles are?
Just follow the peg.
And...
Have you fall off the horse?
Don't give back holes?
Shoot the dang thing in by car!
Huh?
But that's not all.
When you order the best of Dr. Phil,
you'll get hundreds of pithy and peculiar things like these.
The farmer wouldn't need a tractor
if the ox ran on diesel.
What?
Plus...
If you treat your marriage like a turkey ranch,
you better keep your eye on the giblets.
If you enjoy getting advice that's both down home and downright confusing,
get Phil Best, Phil Dr. Phil.
Hi, I'm Dr. Phil McGraw.
And before you order, think about this.
If you're sitting on a stool that's too high,
you ain't never gonna reach the other.
Emma, make him a self-clear.
And...
Operators are standing by anyway.
Yeah, that Dr. Phil.
He's an asshole.
Make no mistake about it.
He makes me physically ill when I see him on the TV.
Dr. Il?
Dr. Il.
Anyway, on the next break,
let me be sure and play this one.
Oh, the farmer ain't going to eat it.
Well, what the hell do I know?
Okay, I've never been any attention.
I'm busy playing.
I'm busy watching it snow out there anyway.
Oh, it is Wednesday, too.
Don't forget our big new and the one out there.
That was just practice for a big comedy bit,
so I'll have fun with the new and the one.
Yeah, you can play it again.
It's just snowing out there.
I'll play it then fact.
Oh, the farmer ain't going to eat it.
Let's get started with that right now.
It sounds good to me.
Here's a call from Del Rey Beach.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
How could you have had a list of liberated cities
with that including Chicago, Toronto, Boston, or Pahokie?
Yeah.
In Battle Pops, our Michael Jackson,
wears a prosthetic nose and once paid $150,000 for a voodoo curse
or as Paul said this morning on CNN, voodoo.
A voodoo curse to kill directors Steven Spielberg,
despite being deep in dead Vanity Fair magazine reports
in that big article.
I just want to caution you that the person who
wrote the Vanity Fair article is her name in here?
Is that the bitch that's been on all the little interview shows?
Word hell is her name?
She's married to Tim Russell from Meet the Press.
Okay.
That pasty face to Irishman Tim Russell.
Right.
And she also wrote the book about Andrew Koonan
and I remember when that came out at the time after all that stuff went on,
especially in South Florida, which nobody cared about,
because it was a fag thing.
But anyway, she didn't know what a glory hole was.
So how could some bitch who doesn't even know what a glory hole is?
Or will be right about Michael Jackson and little boys?
You know what I'm saying?
Maybe she should have been able to have an occasion to use one.
Yeah, well, the Vanity Fair and its article
for its April issue also reports that Jackson bleaches his skin white
because he doesn't like being black.
Oh ho ho.
It's surprised.
The 44-year-old singer sometimes refers to black people as
spa books, the magazine said.
Spa books.
Which is a combination of what?
Spooks and what?
Blacks book?
I don't know.
Spa books.
I'll let it go.
It's got kind of a ring to a spa book.
Spa book.
Spa book.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Just keep saying it over and over again.
I won't have any meany spa books, spa books, spa books, spa books, spa books.
Oh, you know what that sounds like?
Eddie, I know that.
That's what spa books, spa books, spa books.
Yeah.
This is Eddie's spa books, spa books.
Maybe that's what he was saying.
Anyway, Jackson's manager did not immediately return phone calls
in a fact request for a comment on the article.
Jackson's London Public Schools could not be reached for comment.
Vanity Fair reports in the article,
and in 2000, Jackson attended a voodoo ritual in Switzerland
where a witch doctor promised at Spielberg,
music mogul David Geffen,
and 23 other people on the entertainer's list of enemies would die.
What about Tommy Metolia?
I bet you he was on the list.
Jackson wanted to win a blood bath as part of the ritual,
and ordered his, he wondered what a blood bath is part of the ritual.
Don't just gloss over that.
Yeah, no.
Well.
Oh, the American!
Okay.
Then ordered his former business advisor,
Myeongho Lee,
to wire $150,000 to a bank in Mali
for a voodoo chief named Baba,
yeah, who sacrificed 42 cows for the ceremony,
the magazine reported.
Woohoo!
How do you like that?
Baba.
You think that it was Baba Buik?
Boop.
Or Baba Ganon?
Baba Spabook.
Or maybe Baba Buik.
Or Baba Blah.
The Vanity Fair report of that Jackson was a page boy wig in prosthesis
that serves as the tip of his nose.
Yeah.
The magazine interviewed a source post-adjection who said that without the device
Jackson resembles a mummy with two nostril holes.
He's got two holes.
According to the magazine,
Jackson's extravagant lifestyle and declining record sales
had left him $240 million in debt.
Oh, right.
Or better go out and buy some Michael Jackson records right now to get the king of pop.
His money back.
One million pounds for Neil Rogers.
He's in the his house.
Yeah.
That amazing how that happens when your fingers slip.
That was kind of cute.
That's what I was really hoping for.
But the article which relies in part on court filings in a $12 million lawsuit against Jackson
by Lee said that since the mid-1990s,
the reclusive entertainers relied on a series of multi-million dollar loans to cover his expenses.
In addition to the lawsuit by Lee,
Jackson's also in meshed in a $21 million court battle with German concert promoter Marcel Avram
over cancel millennium concerts has been sued by South of these auction house for $1.6 million.
And Yadda Yadda.
He's got Soros, baby.
And that's why we need to look for you on their last night to suck up with Larry
and he sucked up with her and to make everything look good.
And the guy's right that said the fact she didn't have what used to be Michael's nose on her face last night.
The old nose.
She's got the old nose before he just had the two holes in his...
He said he's got two holes in her post too.
This is a disgusting article.
That's a megalbi very interested in this.
He's out of there now, right?
Yeah, right.
Good.
He get...
He get...
Psychotic have he heard this.
Arifart and Castro listed among the world's richest rulers.
Yeah.
Palestinian leader Yesor Amifart and Cuban President Fidel Castro have been listed among the world's richest rulers,
although their estimated fortunes pale in comparison to those of established monarchs.
Forbes magazine, which is compiled the list of the richest kings, queens, and despots
and published it in its latest issue, puts Arifart's holdings of $300 million and Castro's at $110 million.
Oh, they're no Oprah.
No, they're not.
The publication admitted though that valuing these fortunes is a tricky business.
It said it calculated Castro's wealth, for example, as a percentage of Cuba's gross domestic product.
The list is led by Saudi-Aylen King Fad bin Abdul Aziz, who said to be worth $20 billion right.
He's followed by the Sultan of Brunei, Haish Hassaniya Volkia, whose net worth is estimated at E.A. Paul 3.11 billion.
Well, that's totally sure it's slipping.
The Prince of Lichtenstein, Hans Adam the Tooth, was tied in third place with the Iraqi President Saddam Hussein,
the fortunes of east to the east of the Maristimated $2 billion coin to four.
Pikers, small potatoes.
Bill Gates has what?
Small potatoes is the freaking Saddam Hussein.
Okay, here's the poll for today and we'll build it.
I realize it's another poll.
What?
Yeah, another poll?
Well, I wanted to say this so that the guy can call him again, which he will.
Oh, very good.
Mr. Negatory.
Another poll.
Another poll.
Like that punk who has sent the facts a couple of days ago,
oh, and don't even get me started on those polls.
Okay, we won't even get you started, Billy.
Whatever your name is.
And get your finger out of your boyfriend's back home.
People are starting to talk or he'll wash it off while you're at it.
Please. And the finger too.
Here's the poll today.
Very similar to yesterday, but it's a spin-off.
I mean, if Hans spun it for a little while, why can't we spin our own?
A roll our own.
What's the one place in a world you've been never been to that you want to visit the most?
Now, you insist that I've done this before.
I don't think so.
I think you did cities before.
You're positive.
You're positive what?
That you did cities before.
Cities that you want to visit or some variation of this.
Full of crap.
All right.
What's the one place in a world you've never been to that you want to visit most?
Now, I start with a list of one because I put my own on their Prague, right?
I added one.
And that is New Zealand.
So you can be a country, a city, you can be one of my new Zealand.
Yeah.
So do you want to go there for it?
Exotic. They got those mawries.
Every picture that I've seen looks really beautiful.
They're peaceful people.
So yeah, I want to check it out.
Mmm.
Oh, it's exotic out in the middle of nowhere.
What about Australia?
That too.
I mean, there were a lot of places.
I thought about it a lot.
A lot of places I wanted to visit.
So that's our poll today and we start with only two so that leaves it wide open.
The one place and not a list.
See, not a whole but not the 85 places you've never been to that you'd like to see.
The one place in a world you've never been to that you want to visit most.
In other words, if you were to win a ticket, they used to do that on some of the game shows here.
I go on the quiz shows, name a place.
Right.
You'd want a trip to any place in a world and you have to pick one place you couldn't say.
Well, I want to go to these 45 places.
No, we don't think so.
One.
There's a big one.
You could vent about that all day long and they'll still call up in facts lists.
That's what you think.
All right.
Because you know what they're going to get if they do that either on the phone or on the
facts machine.
The old DQ maybe they're going to get the old DQ which stands for of course the old dairy
queen.
942 at 560 rhymes with the Q942.
Let me tell you about a place you'll love.
Pizza love.
I'm sure most of you if you've eaten there but if you haven't what are you waiting for?
Two-broward locations and Jeff Cohen continues to be the mastermind of delicious food at
teeny tiny prices.
That's why the rumors go there all the time because the price is right.
Especially for them.
Every Monday night at the loft is Lasagna night two days egg plant night by one of these
dinners on these nights get the second for only five bucks.
Wednesday a kids eat feed with it all second seed Jeff's famous magic show like tonight.
Every Thursday is bike night at both pizza lot locations come on a motorcycle.
Why put off by one dinner get the second one for half price.
And of course the dinners are sensational.
If you want to try a little Vistula event get a combination dinner chicken and veal and
seafood.
They got three different kinds of great pizza including that spicy Fuganza pizza.
They got Calzone super subs the best garlic rolls I guarantee you've ever put in your ugly
pus.
So if you want like I said delicious Italian goodies at very inexpensive prices take the
whole gang for lunch dinner late nights snacks to either brow or location of the pizza
lot.
They're in Davy a university drive between Griffith and 595 that's probably where you'll
see the rumors eat a lot of free meals.
That's right in the pizza lot plies up kitty corner armadillo cafe behind period and I
say behind period one imports with lots and lots of free parking for take out delivery and
catering at the a Davy location call 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 8 8 8 and now
in plantation right out there by me not too far from my home.
They got a brand new location where the food is just at the same great stuff same low
prices and the same friendly excellent service and laid back atmosphere in plantation
call 9 5 4 3 8 2 9 9 9 3 8 2 9 9 9 9 that's on a corner of Navhill and sunrise right
oh this is a wife Talia I like to speak to Tommy Metolia
no Tommy Motto my residence Raha
puti puti puti no no Talia
Talia let me talk to the devil please hold
Tommy Tommy
Why is it you got the phone
Oh
Hello Tommy Metolia speaking this is Michael Jackson you lost your job you lost your job
Hey I didn't lose my job I stepped out or sure however you want to paint the picture
whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it but you
lost your job you know actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice what kind of
talk yeah can you hear that that's my Mexican wife let me tell you it was cute for maybe
5 10 minutes a day but if I got to stay home on her every day I'm gonna go crazy you're
getting your just these shirts Tommy Metolia that devil all we do is eat Mexican food
Jimmy Chungas burritos tostitos I got more gas and exonced and you deserve to have the
bloat listen Michael I'll resurface somewhere I'll start another label sure you will so you
can destroy the career of other budding artists are we going to Chevy yes he will go into
Chevy thank you very much all right oh geez if it's not Chevy it's cheeky if it's not
cheeky it's it's what's that drive in place I don't know what you're talking about I called
to be right you and all I'm getting is dribble and Jimmy Changa admitted I was the reason
you were forced to be fired right I know because I'm very very very devilish I was to live
in America all right hey look Mikey I gotta go okay I gotta take her over to Taco Bell
okay okay you want to come with us no I don't want to be seen with you you are the devil
though at this point I am finding myself having some sympathy for you all right all right
all right I gotta go there Mikey let me tell you something if I were to fart right now
after neighborhood would go off the I'm 50 10 to 10 is 560 WQ I got some bad news just
facts to us what you already saw because you sent me to facts are lean Francis she died oh no
May 13th 2001 she's dead are lean Francis she died that's the right now how did she go
ahead and do that without us knowing about I know should have sent us a memo how much
about vacation or something that sounds about my vacation time she must have gone ahead
and quote without us even knowing about it damn it don't do that again Arlene now take a look
at a response to our survey today boy it's pretty weak pretty weak and we only got till
known so you better get to it if we're gonna put this thing together 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
on the AT&T of Ryzen Marlos fund another big thing today is Wednesday March 5th which you know
what that means don't you yes I do fasting day mm-hmm I made some soup for the occasion faster you're
gonna go to hell I'll pay that I'm sure Pope John Paul the tooth stepped up his crusade against
the looming war in Iraq urging the world's Christians to stay day fast for peace on the same day
as his envoys to meet with the US president George W the Pope said the day of fasting today
would remind people of the long years of suffering endured by Iraqi citizens as a result of the
international embargo against the country so all you people out there go am Jews atheist
agnostics a fast today in honor of the Pope in honor of all this this time of protest this hungry
protest what do you say you're gonna do it I'm not either you got to pray to the right now I just
fast I and then the sacrifice 42 cows and put a voodoo a voodoo curse on Paul the blood bath
included here's for Myers hello yes sir how you doing okay I'm gonna take a suggestion on places to
take a trip or when you say I'm places to take a trip I mean let me let me read it again what's
the one place in the world you've never been to that you want to visit the most okay I got one
Antarctica and what do you want to go there for it's everything that war does not it's clean and
pristine photo lack of holy rivers and you never need the earth conditioning again
all of America is tuning in they got penguins oh boy yes so did Batman
5 6705 60 Burgess Meredith he died damn it Caesar Romero he's dead look at all the people
we used to be on a Batman except for Adam and then they're getting pretty old too from
up I think we were in yesterday Milton Burrell right Louis Lailock he's dead penguin you know what
about Frank Gorshin he was the real life is he still alive yes he is thank god we still got some
living criminal from a Batman thank goodness he shows up on those reunion shows every now and
again he must be what about 96 yeah drunk I mean the good guy here's girl Springs hello
hey buddy how are you okay how about the I always like to see you I've never been there and I'd like to see
the pyramids in Egypt pyramids in Egypt yes I always thought that would be interesting to say okay
that's what that's my answer okay thank you pyramids in Egypt Egypt yeah I guess well
Egypt let me write pyramids and pray he could he could go see the caves on a small bill all right let me
know whether it was this small or large don't forget your disc we had a repeat last night we had a
rerun on small bill it's only the first week in March and I'll read their show and reruns at a
disgrace an absolute disgrace what TV does to us they come up with maybe like a half a dozen new
episodes for each of these shows every year maybe if we're lucky and the rest of it they just
filler stuff they just you know throw it in there and you'll shut up and like it right just just
to kill time they throw crap in there like all of America yeah like that five six seven oh five
60 pun this is not starting off real exciting here today you know what I would as Anne Tarkticae
went went on asking to be clever we're asking like a real I realized it's not funny it's not
amusing it's not hysterical it's not a panic but it is interesting and I and I realized that
also we deal with a lot of very parochial people for a place that's as transitive south Florida
and a place that's got as many people who have come from other places they sure have a lot of like
nobody goes anywhere you know right people that haven't been more than two blocks from home
like George here's at least recently here's Miami hello
me oh Miami yes sir hey me how you doing okay uh for your poll I got uh got a possibility how about
Alaska you see oh if people taking those Alaska increases supposed to be gorgeous up there
and that's the one place in a world you'd want to go if you had a champion the unlimited amount
of money you could get a ticket to anywhere you wanted that's the one place you'd go yeah so I
question for you Neil how come you're always talking about Tom Welling and Tom Welling's feet I
have been listening for a long time he always seemed to bring up that subject
how come I'm always talking about Tom Welling and his feet yeah did I bring that up today or
did you bring it up today you brought up Tom Welling and yesterday right before the end of the show
you brought him up and he seems every time you bring him up you talk about the guy's feet he's got
big feet yes or what size 14 so what piece of information you don't care about Tom Welling's
not really well I do and I hope you have a good time in Alaska like that line in the movie I had
a lousy time in Yugoslavia remember Jack lemon what that was in the movie mass appeal very good
Charles Durning was the priest the father and I had a lousy time in Yugoslavia and he like slams
the door walks out nice go he was great boy Jack lemon yes dead Charles Durning and now he's
still alive please tell me he's still alive he's probably not no you don't think so he's fat
is he he's either last fat living person who's not a talk person on QA
gotta be five six seven I'll tell you so far this poll is going no place fast so you know I mean
these are the worst solutions and it's kind of I'm always talking about Tom Welling and his
feet because I feel like it okay maybe like to lick his feet or lick something okay and got a
stupid question everybody knows why right because if you have big feet supposedly you got a big
penis okay I like Tom Welling he's lovely he's beautiful okay guarantee looks a lot better
than you do sir God what a schmuck but he wants to go to Alaska I think I think with your personality
in your common sense it'd be a perfect place for okay somewhere in a wilderness somewhere you can
only get by boat what's the one place in the world you've never been to you want to visit most
Prague and New Zealand are the choices for me and George and even the age of from the goddess
as you want to go see the pyramids and that's it in a half an hour we're building one hell of a
list man and we only got till noon that's good because you know what we're gonna do from noon into one
yeah I do all of a matter I got it that over and over and over again I'm gonna put on endless loop
so we're not putting Alaska down never putting anything down for that pun I want to know about
how come I'm talking about Tom Welling and his god damn feet Jesus are you really that stupid sir
can anybody really be that dumb huh man he would know a fag if he bit him on his nut
957 at 560 WDQ I'm the only horse racing firework stunt show in the world is gonna take place
this Friday they have to tomorrow March 7 at Pompe no Park it's called hot to trot
speaking of Tom Welling are you talking about pyrotechnics again Australian stuntman Vincent's
oh they're suing by the way just see the first lawsuit being filed Australian stuntman Vincent
Silvestro and his wonder horse hand me silver will amaze you as Vincent stands on the shaft of his
Aussie race bike holds the reins in his teeth 15,000 candle par marine flares in his hands and while
hand me silver races around the dark track he shoots off more than 2,000 rounds of fireworks
in the back of his race bike and the grand finale is as exciting as macy's july 4th display so it says
here and if Steve will says it it might be true general parking and the mission is always free at
Pompe no Park that is true the far work showtime is 9 pm this Friday along with exciting harness
racing action starting at 7 pm there'll be free miniature horse rides free face painting and
clouds for the kids in live music too I want to see fat rich after this face painted when that
be cute located a black style that landed full of red on power line road pompadopark is easy to
get to from both i and i and i and the turn bike for more information called 9 7 2 2 thousand and
don't forget the big Friday hot to trot horse racing a fireworks stunt show this Friday night at
pompadopark live racing let's see now I don't actually have the March schedule here so I'm assuming
it's Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday at Pompe no Park yeah and of course come out to a
Pompe no this Saturday March 15 and win a vacation trip for two to treasure k resort marine and
abacoe behamas and the sidel casting every day seven days a week from noon till late uh we
hours in the morning at Pompe no Park
oh
we're the tall day long i eat ding dong's and stuck in my face with a chocolate
the one of the taste it goes right to my waist my belt i just can't put the rest
when that ice cream walk goes down my car ride everything so keep talking till i see the numbers on
the scale
i think i replaced those donuts by the case i sit at home and stuck my face for any twinkies
no tax on a tummage yeah thanks darling me baby i was born to lunch
oh
the i was born to lunch
oh
four to five sixty it's fasting Wednesday do what the Pope tells you okay don't touch that thing
and the sederan so on and don't eat just take some noodles don't touch it
what's the one place in a world you've never been to that you want to visit the most prognos
in the egypt so far that's it maybe that'll be the whole list i don't know what's going in
and uh it's a good choice i think who did Miguel and he said Ibiza Ibiza
see did he say Ibiza we'll list the people there speak with us yeah Ibiza is supposed to be
pretty hot place that's what i hear so we're putting Ibiza on the list that's a good place
how come all the good suggestions are coming from inside the building and the audience is
usual a bunch of losers man i'm gonna go to Alaska and Antarctica uh vatavia new york uh boy
what about your losers all i was anyway talking about my psychic powers yeah
so i was thinking about doing a poll again because i screwed it up last year when we did it i did a
really bad job i was in a saramu that day somebody ate my cornflake to pee in my uh some of these
but anyway uh the thing about the most beautiful actress all right and i was thinking of myself we
could do this one and just say movies or television actress right and i'm thinking well that'll
eliminate britain because she's not an actress so i'm channel surfing yesterday on this movie over
the channels right and there's some cheesy movie that she made last year right we don't know what
the name of that is uh crossing over crossing whatever it was in it's true you know now i
watched it for like 15 seconds to make sure it was her which it was yeah probably we watched it a
lot longer i'm sure but i was more interested in finding out about time wellings feet but nevertheless
so i guess if we ever do do do do that it'll have to she'll have to be in there although she's not
an actress just because she was in a movie oh man is she an actress no she's not a single
i figure part need is Madonna just because you made a movie that doesn't make you an actress right
that's correct five six seven oh five sixty pound five city it's just like some people have done
this show just because they've done the show does make them a top show host right here's a call from
pompano hello no wonder the reading is dropping yeah i want to there is again mr negative the ratings
are dropping right we're doing a pull again because mr negative we wouldn't want to let you
down pal we will i'm disappointed have something to bitch about you sour miserable piece of crap
you can i can smell it all the way up here here's a call from pepper park hello hey nil
yes sir my place in the world would be hanko okay only because i was so fascinated from the book
by James clavelle they they i just got so fascinated with it i'd really like to go and see it
okay and also how your bench doing to do and all right my bench yeah oh you're the guy that made
the bench yeah it's great it's a beautiful thing thanks again all right bye thank you very much
that's the guy that made me the real nice bench it's in my bedroom that beautiful piece of furniture
with the lid on it and the whole thing and you open up i've got in fact then whoever was it sent me
all those uh light bulbs remember that right the light bulbs are all inside the bench let's
him the box light drugs five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty it's a great place to hide
your stash or to maybe how to build you one okay because when things get really tough when we
all get canned when bokeh brine makes another bad mistake straighten his ass out with your plays and
tub of equipping such a wise ass him and Carlos and Eric we got all these out of control people
connected with this show and all the crap always comes back to you guys truly i'm the one that has
to take the flack and the heat Roberta i know it's getting really old when i saw that story on
that website this morning then i knew i i fixed it you saw it yourself because you give them the
stuff i fixed him forty five thousand bed times stories between yesterday and today because there's
a lot of really important crap going on in the world a lot of really good articles and stuff that
people who care about it really should get to read and know without having to search five thousand
websites and he's sticking his own crap on there it's not a zone crap he thought you wanted it
on there what do you think handed it to me who handed it to you you didn't get it from me
no no i'm looking at George George gave you that story came off the fax machine was part of the
stack i didn't read all of it no see the the audience isn't putting stuff in there like stories
that the audience wants on our website that's not the way it works oh don't believe what word he
says didn't come off my stack maniac here's west palm beach hello hey me how you doing okay
my place in the world would be Nepal go ahead let me have it
Nepal and why is that you know i've ended New Zealand i've ended Prague in places like that and just
after why you kind of run out of places to go and in Nepal is beautiful got the mountain how do you
know it's beautiful if you haven't been there i have seen pictures yeah yeah yeah Vancouver's beautiful
too i haven't been there yeah i have a good one young joy New Zealand okay thanks Nepal Nepal
everything about it have you people that like alternatives like really exotic hidden away not cluttered
with tourists you know that kind of Prague New Zealand Egypt Ibiza Hong Kong and Nepal we're starting
to build slowly here on this list which is good and that's again because we're not asking for the
5500 places you'd like to visit you know like ojus sweet water places you've never been
west Miami and mockery and mockery i've been through there yeah a lot of Indians and Panthers
pohoki lutes okiturbi right temple terrace fort white queer water
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the Brandon barstow don't eatin don't eatin don't eatin don't eatin
help put a voodoo curse on if you don't watch it a voodoo curse
give it Michael Jackson will get like they'll uh they'll uh do something with a cow
does not sure what you have a blood bathing suit the pope for the blood bath don't start again now
blood bathing suit for the blood bath that's kind of cute we're gonna have a blood bath in a
rack it's gonna be big it's gonna be fast we're gonna hit him they're not gonna know what hit him
and a public is saying oh yeah well yeah at this point all you can say is let's just hope for
the best you know i hope i don't go too bad brace yourself yeah yeah because it's coming
with you like it or not you know i have a sand sweet art court it's coming with you ready for it or not
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the orc so the deal is now that they're gonna see if they have the
nine votes in the UN to pass the resolution the second resolution and if they don't they'll just
avoid the vote which will avoid Russia the embarrassment of having to veto it and then the
abridson the west they'll just go in and then everybody else will just kind of like pylon you know
those pylon they'll pylon somewhere don't drive inside the pylons you'll get disqualified
here's plantation now what does that say oh plantation key i'm sorry hello yes sir uh
victoria falls victoria falls in Alaska no in Africa oh
yeah yeah yeah what is it about victoria falls that he has you Jones and you see
the press of amount of water going over the lip yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
it sounds like a pretty pretty uh yeah you could see you could see that at the villagio in Vegas
oh not like this okay i got you down sir thank you but this is a strange list where we're
let's see uh here's big arny says i would like most to go to Amsterdam but how can i get there without
my wife knowing cute take her along and then dump her ass in one of the canals i'll never know
i'll never find her we put that down to them under because some people will vote for that huh sure
they're afraid to say it i don't know why they're afraid to say if they want to go to Amsterdam
you'll want to go there right back that guaranteed rather go there than New Zealand
well i don't know what the situation is in New Zealand let me say it again you'd rather go to
Amsterdam than New Zealand because they want to say it i understand we we get it five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line what's the one place in the
road you've never been to that you want to visit the most how about Arlene Francis's tombstone
huh maybe bokeh Brian and i could go there and i'd like to shove him under there he can spend some
time with her some quality time here's plantation hello say hi yeah yes sir yes no boy in Australia
okay they speak english you can drink a potter and you can watch those maniacs play that
australian rules football that referee that throws his hands up in the air yeah they used to show
on the spn always wanted to see one of those games okay well have a great time all right thanks
albarn australia this list is uh cute conducive me in fact i might have to fast today not because of
the pope just because i'm losing my appetite i mean i put down prog which i have from what i'm
hearing is a very exciting and very wide open and wild place and right and stand looked like a
Sunday picnic is what i'm told it was the capital of bohemia right exactly and then you put
down the zilum because you wanted to be you know boring to match your voice Egypt ibeeta now Miguel
came up with a goon ibeeta he'd probably do pretty well or any beta with everybody you're just
girls the guys that are beautiful like naturally you want to go to cities ah look look let's face it
this business about beautiful and natural we can put down van koe ver you know i've seen a picture
as it's beautiful it's serena but uh and then what you know how about lehtaho see i want to get away
from people that's the point lehtaho would be a great place they're kayaking and they're canoeing
and they're like uh it's a phenomenal place i'm not talking about the casino i'm not talking about
this city itself i'm talking about the lake have a lot of people heard of lehtaho
sure yeah then it disqualifies i want to go to places off the beaten path
i hate to break the news you but a lot of people have heard of new zilum oh yeah but it's far
far away inconvenient for most people and so is lehtaho far away here's steward hello
steward yeah hello yes sir i got a great place for you if uh annoi talk island the weather is
absolutely amazing it's a small atoll and the Pacific it's been there when i was in the
well if you've been there then it's uh see what i'm saying they don't freaking get it
told you all right listen i understand every word that i say okay i speak very clearly very
articulately like that and then these people just don't get it i don't understand how it's possible
to have so many stupid people in one state where the more was that oh he's from steward well
i explains it maybe he's akin to dan steward oh where far yeah maybe he's been messing around with
dan steward he's been there so as he said he's been there i mean first of all whatever he said
some little think he placed in a Pacific uh he's already been there let me say it again the last
time let me read read my lips what will be the last time what's the one place in the world you've
never been to that you want to visit the most not the not the neatest place not the most interesting
place you have been to okay the one place you've never been to that you want to visit the most
if somebody gave you a ticket and said you can go to any one city any one place in a world and
we'll pay all the expenses and why do they make everything so god damn difficult you want to
know why because they're assholes god 10th 13 at 560 wqy m let me tell you right now
about your dog lovers to bark about bark avenue pet resort in hollywood bark avenue pet resort is
the only all natural pet resort in america a beautiful 10,000 square foot facility that offers
boarding grooming and daycare for your dogs whether just for the day and daycare is open 7 and
1 till 7 p.m overnight or for several months you doggle enjoy the comforts of luxury with oversized
tiled sweets with animal print beds filtered smell free air cleaner than most of your homes i'm sure
purified water for drinking bathing and washing bark avenue top notch groomers taught in francesco
for expert cuts and all breeds and they use only pure chemical free soaps and shampoo to really
pamper your pets at bark avenue dogs aren't cooped up all day like in most places and your dogs
socialize according to their size in large players on soft and jilly mat flooring and your dogs are
always in the presence of a counselor wilder plan bark avenue also offers feline boarding and
their kitty condos area hammocks included you want to take a look for yourself this log on to
barkavpetresort.com that's b-a-r-k-a-v-e barkavpetresort.com and take a virtual tour that allows you to look
it on your pet anytime if you have your dog or cat or whatever boarded there bark avenue pet resort
they're located at 14 hundreds out federal highway column at 9.5.4 9.25 bark or logon 2 like i
said barkavpetresort.com barkaveta pet resort of occasions spot that your pet will fall in love with
how errands coming i'm actually a lesbian once in a lifetime a man comes along whose life story is
so meaningful it can only be captured in poetic song jerry jerry jerry jerry springer the opera
where high art meets the lowest common denominator hello jerry springer today shows called my mom dresses
like a trust stop book jerry jerry jerry jerry springer the opera drama pageantry wonder and
swearing there's something i must tell you i'm cheating on you with your stepmother
you know what i'm with you
jerry springer the opera the stage spectacle that ain't over till a fat lady gets hit over the head
with a folding chair the world sleazy as talk show host is in the house
the opera house jerry springer the opera alright at 19.5 60 wqm we got the mad dog at one from
a deraille today we're golf intensive baby we got our knickers on and our uh kilt
Hank is also the winning show three to seven at deraille which is very sad shippko pantheon preview
at seven a panthers and a Colorado avalanche from the raccarina 7.30 tonight jigs is still doing
the games even though guilty wants a job real bad and then we got what is this what
oisei u.m. f virginia hoops seven to ten that must be on waxy although it doesn't say that on my
thing here but it should ice go on clearance you can't even make the schedule outright eddy
k after the hockey game enjoy mark overnight that's the schedule on qm where we are radio ish by the
way something and the reason that i'm telling you about time welling size 14 feet is you want to know
why your gay no i know it if that's not the point to put just like a warren baby warren
baby is supposed to have the biggest long and hollywood either i don't find him the least bit
attractive although i didn't see him in some movie when he was very young it didn't look too bad
but uh nevertheless but it's just because we know that say yeah we know that and the same with
time welling he's got size 14 feet because it was in the article about him so we know that that's why
anyway uh by the way what um speaking of radio ish yeah i got my bonus and it ain't due for two more
weeks i'm not impressed that's the first i think i'm i'm not impressed i'll be impressed by
five out that they paid normal can't the money that they've got since the four months and months and
months and months that i'll be impressed i'll be impressed when i fight out that the rest of those
billboards are up all around time they're supposed to be up since it's now the fifth of march and
they were supposed to be up by 15th of February and then certainly by the first of march and now it's
march five and muff is going to give me a list of all the locations and about yeah they're all
talked here they're all talk they're bush leagues what they are they are radio ish like i said
and when i start working for people your man and you're gonna see when i go to work and pay
and keep playing classical music then you're gonna see some real action and jacks notes i do that
now here's a good one for a list from guill thank you guill here's a guy that understands he says
fishing is hot babes are even hotter in Costa Rica and i'd have to go to a place for list and it's
on there now and we can start putting the list up there just in case because i don't want to leave
that other thing i don't want to see key west over six thousand votes way ahead of you
it's like ten minutes ago good get with it Eric i mean let's go and then anything that's in uh
carlosons you'll be a very dubious of it because he's starting to do the his own stuff on there
you're gonna make him cry huh you're gonna make him cry good he deserves to cry after putting
that piece of crap on there of all the articles in the history that on that christoph has ever written
that's the one that i'd be too embarrassed cave in and all these board again fanatical goi
and because that's the one thing the media doesn't want to talk about it makes me think again
that just even true appearance on hardball on soft balls with christmas use a few months ago
i mean it's just unbelievable and he says you know he's asking him well you really are
feel bad about those comments you made about religion and he said why should i say that all the
stuff that's going on the world right now is because of religious fanatism and intolerance
all right and christmathius looks at him and says oh you really think so you really think so
yeah oh uh in other words do you really want to say that even though we all know even a
little child knows that that's true you really want to say that because you just can't say that
in america you just can't express that kind of truth because it flies in the face because it's a
goi as your belt is what he really wanted to say like my grandma used to say it's a goi as your
belt right don't you forget it yeah and a pope won't let you forget it don't you forget it
i'm going to be eating heavy duty they just to piss off the freaking pope and all those men in
skirts that are running around over there with her swish guard all those baguettes five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's tamarack hello hello nil how are you
there great uh i would like to go to india okay it's uh great country there's a lot of things
it's people just think of india's baby you know poor in this and that but i buy the new york times
on sunday and they have this sophisticated traveler for the year and such and one of the places
that uh they played up is india and it's a beautiful country it adds the mountains that has a lot
of things and i'd really like to go there okay be sure and take some those clips
and have a great time i'm glad my mind what do you mean by that i don't know why i just you just
hear those things i don't know if it's true or not you just hear those stories you know i've seen
what's that what's that one bit about the uh oh that's right that's on the bobbin tom thing
so i don't have that oh the new one here yeah that new bobbin tom does gets it's in my house and
it blacksack from balance for life along with that bob wolf uh thing too what's the name of it
there's a new bobbin tom disken here no there is maybe you left it in here double disc set oh yeah
well let's queue it up for the next break cut number one first disc the one about uh nobody's
facing this year i love that i'll find it you have to be schmit me i left it let's hear it that's
the good news we don't have to wait till april to hear that bit again i love that bit
of course you don't like it because you and carlos because it's like i got that spickney i don't
speak english but now five city just mumbled five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon wireless line Eric is going to get the new pull up here of course this is one of
those pulls that uh i don't know how that's going to really work when you come right down to it you
know what do you mean well i mean it's not like uh another word everybody's got a different opinion
no it's not a question of that it's a question of i guess we need to get a lot of different places
on air before everybody will find one that they really want to go to do you see what i'm saying i
think we got a finalist so far well okay what's the one place in the world you've never been to
that you want to visit most and so far we got prog new zealand egypt ebita pong kong nipal as in
nipali shawi list ebiza as ebiza spain no do you think that uh you know something if they don't know
where a bitha is the point is how got no business going there good part that's why i like saying oh
shawi list amstadam is in holland or like the netherlands or victoria falls amstadam melbourne
co-study kore india i don't think you like that when i said better take some nose clips yeah well it's
it was just have a little fun with it it's beautiful all the pictures i've seen but uh lots of indians
and that's not what i was necessarily talking about okay you weren't yeah here's lake worth hello
hey nail how you doing pretty good good hey i'm a gringo first off and i want to go and see kuba
and what's got all these hulio's and enough for about that place yeah i have no idea what's got
them so so frenzied up about it so i'd like to go and see what was so great about it well wait a
minute to see what was so great about it that would be like going to ruins of uh the time machine
yeah of pom pay or something i mean you're not going to see what was so great about it because what
was so great is not there anymore pre fifty eight they still act like it's the greatest place in the
world so i'd like to go okay have a good time either there i'll try south of what eight street what
i'd like to help him go try south worth eight street flagra street
lots cheaper to go there and then you can turn around and leave real quick he wants to go to kuba well
no problem just come up here to Canada hop on a plane or planes leave it all the time no problems
at all i'll take up a collection why are you doing it now see you're picking on again guy because
he says you people oh here is a place that i hear is really great yep of course it's not only great but
you know what they you know who really goes there what baguettes a lot of gay people
mecanos it's one of the stunning Greek islands it says here and you're right mecanos
okay i guess we have to put comma grease huh because that's one huh right it's one of the
Greek islands mecanos that is where all the flags go and at least most of them i've never been there
grease uh it's self-dose the country agrees don't go there do not go to Athens in fact the
nose clips we're gonna give the guy who's gonna go to india forget about that if you're going
to grease to Athens that will give you the nose clips never been there but i hear nothing but
terrible horrible things about how filthy and how it smells there and just a nasty and i know
that but remember when they were talking after 9.11 about the airports around the world how dangerous
some of them are uh Athens airport is one of the even before 9.11 one of the notorious uh
nasty ones so don't go to Athens unless of course you're really heavy into Greek and i guess if
you are heavy into Greek maybe you want to go to mecanosha maybe or maybe over to Carlos's house
not this carlos we're talking about freaky carlos maybe this carlos house maybe Carlos will
join you under the overpass 1027 at 560 wqy m. hay if your hair is gone maybe if it's vanished
into the wind replace it with a real head of hair from chuck altheory nothing makes me angry then
we'll see in guys especially guys with a lot of money like sam donelson who looks silly air and brown
on cnn what a what a silly goat you know he looks even worse than mo if that's possible and there's
another one mo he's probably made a couple of bucks along the way all these jobs he's been fired
from over the years but he walks around looking like a clown just look on that qa website and
look at that nasty awful thing looks like he died on his head if your hair is gone join a club
i'm not talking about the hair club for men i'm talking about the club of guys who have lost
their hair with male pattern baldness happens to almost every guy and for over 25 years tuck alphair
has been the one guy no matter how much money you have or don't have who can make you look great
with that natural hairline system it looks like the hairs run out of your scalp not like a bunch of
straw not like a dead animal on your head not holes in your head that have the blood dripping
down your forehead Charlie is the only natural great looking way to go so call today be sure
mention that you arrived you're totally make that call pick it and you have an extra 200
i was saving for mentioning my name call toll free and get your hair back and look better and
younger than you ever dreamed you could do again 1 800 3 to 124 13 and of course you get Charlie's
30 day guarantee you got enough to lose but the bald spot because if you don't love the way it
looks and feels and smells if you're not getting laid at least four or five times a day
Charlie give you a full refund 1 800 3 to 124 13 or log onto their website at charles alphairi.com
don't have a penis i've never had one i swear
where come on over here and don't be shy
got some support yeah it's a little surprise you may not know if i have go over
i'm gonna stick one right onto your nose and thank you
they'll find
where sometimes they smell like the gary or the cheese that goes on my toes
in the street my lady's is where they could go and i'll take them out there
until your nose that has a youth smell my thing
baby
oh you better wear it out
i'm gonna need your trust
get out that bigger than cause
hey don't know what it could be
but it smells okay to me
take it's money and you know why
cause i was sick and it's nothing
juke's rubber all hitting on the bus road hey
it's my business where are they made
oh you first smell
why
oh
like i said bring the nose clip 1033 at 560 wqm our big new to one hour we
already got a request for happen bible to see that right from Andy and my
Amy who says he and you know something to show you my psychic powers again i'm not
making this up i'm looking at the list which is now on there which has got a
long way to go and i see New Zealand's got five and Melbourne
Australia's five they all ought to go down down there yeah
Amsterdam forward etc and i'm thinking to myself i know a place since we
talked about it yesterday and that's Las Vegas because a lot of people out there
hear me talking about it all the time but i've never been there i reach over
i pull off the thing from the facts machine and here's Andy's
facts and it says Las Vegas since i know you've been here many times
but i haven't my psychic powers are so damn good at them is clear out of
business you should start a different kind of show
yeah psychic hotline right
what do you think we can do it on the sci-fi channel you could do a crossing over
so what do we got we did we put Las Vegas on air because i'm sure that we have
many people out there in fact that's what amazes me people will call and say
oh i heard you talk about it many times that when it was really great in the
audio audio which is very boring but nevertheless i'm glad they enjoyed it
and we will put that on here and we will play rapid bible and thank you Andy
also here's one from Macala who says how about you pan i'd love to see how things
are over there
also i'm in the here that it is beautiful
i guess we'll put down your pan huh all right for mccala see well i mean i said one
i keep emphasizing that one not like what are the 20 places you'd like to see
or even two or three mccala don't think it personal get a set how about one four of them four or
five yeah what are they 30 or 40 places about 30 man one of the 30 places you'd
like to visit you haven't been through yet oh speaking of requests don't forget
of lives request for afro man oh yeah making the list crazy round okay yeah
making a list and checking it twice got it five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty so far Melbourne Australia and of course the reason we had to put
the australian there is obvious because some of our people are rocket
scientists we would have thought they they would have thought we were talking about
Melbourne Florida what do you want to buy it's true that's what god damn well that's true
it's funny because it's true like like Moscow we would have to put Moscow Russia not Moscow Idaho
yeah and like Amsterdam would have to put like Amsterdam Netherlands or Holland is supposed to
like Amsterdam New York things like that because a lot of our people in case you have a noticed
over the years are done a bit slow I hadn't noticed that just a little bit on the flow side
like that here with his time wellings feet god i think that kids in the time welling myself
don't you that's why you so tall here's Miami hello hello new yes sir how about the
the Galapagos island how about them yeah they got all those exotic animals there you want to see
exotic animals sure how about a trip to Broward would be good how about sunrise lakes
okay yes he didn't that was in that was his material we're gonna put that down or not
I don't know Darwin was impressed was he really yeah well that's why he's saying that because
they got all those like two cans and things like that finches do they have finches yeah they do
different kinds they have different kinds of beaks how about Peter Peter probably those two
Peter French they've got a few Peters over there five six seven oh five sixty
huh speak at a time welling pond five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon I mean it's just it's just amazing
it's just I don't know it's like it's like you're out it's like driving in South Florida it's the
same thing you're going along a little bit more in the speed limit you're on a highway the speed
limits uh fifty five you're going about sixty three whatever and then the people around you're
going like twenty you know that's how I feel some days on his show yeah I mean they're
talking about a little bit slow okay at least you're not out of touch yeah I really am and how come
he puts Woody Graber way down the list don't you realize that Woody someday might get you some
free tickets to something mister that you might want to see you put him way down in there like
some schlepper like some regular collar sorry about that Woody Carlos is an idiot well Carlos
they make a real surly toward me lately I don't know what it is has it got me ready to free
oh I have to get him yeah I got trying to get him latest at the treasure island the last time but
you know it gets you didn't take to that yeah he needs Woody's help for that no comment
yeah I guess I guess Miguel just wasn't in the mood huh yeah anyway I heard you talking about places
you know places that I have never been that I'd like to go to and and to me I don't know if
anybody mentioned it but but Florence Italy for ends uh oh but ends a good choice Woody oh god I
was died ago there I was just I mean I love to go there I've never been to Italy I had that just
I'm gonna tell you some of the most beautiful people I've ever seen in my life and of course all
the great art and the beautiful the Arnold rubber band Florence Italy it's a good choice next
lab in here several times I definitely want to go I'm on the next plane just watch out on the
Ponta Vecchio it's a tourist trap they got all the overpriced jewelry and all like the little
right good jewelry I tried to avoid those type of places but yeah definitely definitely but uh
that's it I've said all I need to say I think you have all right good Carlisle free get Carlisle
free tickets to something okay or get him laid one of the other I will certainly try my best
thanks Woody okay I'll ride give him some free tickets to like Amsterdam would be good
maybe I can state alcohol things place you can get laid over there
Georgia pay for it Florence Italy get that on there immediately if not sooner we got that on
there because I'm just assuming you're putting these on yeah no idea as they know
all over Australia's got 15 votes why would that be 16 on mine and New Zealand's got nine I guess
they like I said they want to go down under that's our crowd they want to go down and
Amsterdam's got seven to prove that we're starting to get there slowly but surely I don't think
they get it but I'll work on it we'll just continue persevering okay and kill some good time
that's the way we do it here on the show another poll another
oh that guy just he slays me just slays me I think it's probably people's
boyfriend if he asks me sounds a little like him you know how exhaustive he sounds 20 to 11 at
five 60 WQM how many times did he hear about a big opportunity and you didn't act you didn't
reach out and just grab it and then all of a sudden it was gone you missed out well now's one of
those times for you it rarely does an opportunity interrupt you but this one should 3.45%
financing with financial group call 18940 land how long will these low interest rates last who
the hell knows but when you look back on history probably not for a long it's a window of opportunity
so you ought to hop through it with financial group and get yourself 3.45% financing and save thousands
and thousands of dollars let me say it again 3.45% financing call them today they'll explain all
answer all your questions for your obligation call 18940 land 18940 L.E.N.D.
level 3.45% financing due to those monthly payments a year is here a couple examples for you
so you can figure it out if you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $900 a month if you have a $100,000
loan you pay only $450 a month so don't wait get your balls rolling and do it now while the
opportunity is hot call financial group toll free 18940 land they're an equal housing lender
credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without notice 5.34 APR
my God you're here my God straight no not here thank you you're welcome 10.45
remember how she used to play those over and over over again like one after another after
another yeah the goddess that's before she became a serious talk show host and started saving
the world from itself right she's starting on that network chief justice's daughter
resigning government post this see this should tell people everything they need to know
about how corrupt the US government is but they don't confuse them with the facts because they're
busy saluting a flag and mumbling about your words you know one three out of a country under a
God the Neil God the all I crap Janet Rankist daughter of US Chief Justice William Rankist who was
appointed by tricky dick by the way is stepping down as Inspector General of the Department of Health
and Human Services and the face of allegations of professional misconduct several sources told
you yesterday she was appointed to the post by president Bush and took office in August of 2001
as Inspector General Rankist supervises approximately 1600 employees and acts as the
internal watchdog for the HHS department isn't interesting by the way well anyway she's been
under investigation by the Senate Finance Committee and the general accounting office for official
misconduct including allegations she improperly denailed and audited of the Florida state pension
system she is consistently denied any wrongdoing in addition she was being investigated by the
president's council on integrity and efficiency a special group that oversees Inspector General
for allegedly having a handgun in her office this is the daughter of the US Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court isn't it interesting? nah isn't also interesting that the son of Colin Powell of
the Secretary of State also just happens to be the chairman of the FCNC and they're holding hearings
now because he wants to he's the champion of furthering deregulation in radio and TV and so
they're beginning those hearings now and he's pulling the strings to try to get it select two or
three companies can order all the newspapers all the radio stations all the TV stations and so on
and probably one of them will be Fox and the other will be Chief Channel and it'll be it oh it's
speaking of assholes there's Bill Marr. Oh my god if it isn't him it's some asshole from the Heritage
Foundation that's that's all they have on now anymore I'm gonna start watching the
Sunday Funnies even on Wednesday now do you think this Melbourne Australia thing is for real
is that is that our crank vote of the day I think it's crank vote what's the one place in a world
that you've never been to that you want to visit the most Melbourne Australia 20 which would do
be as New Zealand 11 Costa Rica 9 Amsterdam 8 Vegas 7 Viva Las Vegas let's have another
public in Vegas come on Prague 6 Florence Italy 4 Ferenza Ibiza 3 Hong Kong 3
Egypt 3 Japan 1 Victoria Falls 1 other 76 votes we're not gonna get a jargon of total of votes on
this because they're just there enough choices yet we have that 80 million choices to see if you
wouldn't put an article on there then they'd have something to vote for or Alaska right I'll visit
Alaska with Tom Welling and with feet like that he can probably carry me there
a
like in the water he can fly at 5 6 7 0 5 all right he actually wasn't flying in it episode last week he
was more like floating right in the middle of when he was checking out the writing on the key there he
was kind of like floating in the air Tom Welling floats kind of like alien here's Miami hello
no
here's a call from Bokeh hello hey Neil yes sir good morning when it's here I've been a lot of
places in the world one place that this might sound funny but I'd like to go to Rangoon
Rangoon yeah a good friend of mine went there and he said it they it's kind of like an old
British colonial place and they treat you really like a honky there huh treat you really good
like a honky yeah like a white folk kind of like in certain parts of Broward yeah like in Davy
oh no no no I'm not going to put it on it man you said they treat you real good they're really
friendly people I see well that's what I like friendly people okay I have a great time of pal one
question yeah I'm gonna listen to you for a while and it seems like 12 a.m. has got a lot of overhead
like a lot of management up top mm-hmm you sure do all these names all the time you're talking
about the people who fly real low under the radar that that's right I keep hearing all these
names all the time but they're not anybody on the air they're all these guys that I don't know
what they do there exactly and you know something either we you know what I'll tell you one thing
that they do twice a month and that's the catch-up paycheck they put your check right no they
catch-up paycheck twice a month yeah that's good okay I have a great time pal let's tell us
the postcard from Rangoon yeah there's a guy that's pretty sharp he understands that we got a lot
of a lot of heavy that's right very top heavy organization man we got 75 thine of course you
want to know why because when you're a goofball like Greg read when you know nothing he has to have
a lot of buffers remember that line when he got the potential to testify oh yeah we had a lot of
buffers the family had a lot of buffers and that's what Greg read asked have a lot of buffers to
insulate him from his own stupidity that's what he has to have you know paper pushers people
actually have some idea of what a microphone looks like and how you turn it on things like that
there are oh yeah muff knows how to turn one on and a microphone too five six seven oh five
sixty we got clearance we got muff we got rape perry we got John jurist we got Maddie Bell we got
the water Nazi we got Gary Sarner it's Greg in his pals it's a little fraternity man
and everybody you talk to oh I am Greg for 14 years oh yeah still treats me like crap but I've
been with Greg for 14 years I've been with Greg for 20 years yeah pretty sad
very very sad but when we go to work for uh your channel
co-workers team channel when we go to work on uh the the coast Jefferson Pilot
yeah for Dennis Collins Margaret close personal friend son Charles wireless
know it be good let's bring back the two live Jews what do you say
here's the call from Fort Lauderdale I'm on the one line look at that that's my luck there's
one line it's not lit and I punched it Fort Lauderdale hello hello yes sir
how about Hawaii I've never been there I hear a lot of out of why it's great man it's a little
crowded on the on a Wahoo but it's beautiful well how about that up on the list okay it's on there thank
you Hawaii we're not gonna put like Honolulu just Hawaii go to like the uh pick a pick go to Maui say
wawi on Maui I don't care what anybody says although I haven't been here in a long time because it is
too overcrowded but a Wahoo and Honolulu and it is beautiful the beaches the beaches there man wow
and it bleep beautiful blue water it's warmer than the Atlantic number one it's warmer and number
two it is clean it's crystal clear that we're talking about my son at baby whale in the water
no yeah baby whale huh and then later that date it was a story I'm gonna use I wonder if that's
force guy still alive there the guy used to do the boxing he was great what that was his name
let's go tell he's got to be dead by now let's cider no well no Hank would know who that is
let's cider he's trying to uh Moe would know that of course we don't want to talk to Moe but
they wouldn't know who less cider was he used to be a great boxing announcer and other sportscaster
and he and he went out there a zillion years ago and it was a sportscaster one of the Honolulu
stations but I'm sure he's dead by now he'd have to be 200 less cider in fact his famous call on
the ingamardio Hanson Floyd Patterson fight but remember that no well you would you would if
you heard it you'd say oh yeah that's less cider and that's the ingo uh Floyd Patterson fight
you just you just so narrow you gotta I gotta branch out a little bit you gotta branch out a little
bit get to find out more say things like golf and knickers there you go that's gonna be our pull
question what do you rather have knickers or snickers especially those those big king size snickers
they all come in king size now I hear they're coming out with one with candy bars as big as your
leg yeah that's good not that people are getting fat from shiburd you see that story ahead on
our well thing the other right all know the the manufacturers the candy people are saying all
know there's absolutely no evidence that sugar makes you fat that's right no way no
of course not it's quite six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a audio Melbourne
Australia is definitely the crank vote today 28 votes that you know something keeps them off the street
and that's not even the city that Joe Gerson went to no New Zealand 15 did he go to Australia I
think he went to Sydney oh oh yeah I don't know about that New Zealand 15 Amsterdam 12
Costa Rica 10 Las Vegas 9 and Prague 9 but ends up Lawrence Italy 6 what a beautiful place
what a spectacular place see we have done pulls in the past and we've asked people where are the
most beautiful people in the world you know like what country but why are we talking to these people
about that because most have never been more than 10 blocks from how they're house anyway you know
the same right I mean we've got some people are world travelers far more so than me but we also have
I think about 85 90 percent of the people there if they go like from day to brow with I think it's
like a major journey an adventure not exactly the greatest world travelers in South Florida so what
that would they know for me the most beautiful people in the world are in I don't know you keep
saying Germany oh wow see I could say a whole bunch of places either they're you're fueling
that attitude then you keep saying that they're going to think that's the most racist concept that
they worked it worked seriously the people in Berlin and Kelow knows the only two German cities
ever been to but boy whoo those hookers in Berlin my god I told you in the winter time with the
forecotes on the hoax here you wouldn't be to leave how beautiful they are I mean just amazing
and the women too seriously a colonial Germany in the summertime you sit there on at the
hoistas which is like like the Lincoln Road Mall it's a long walking mall with these all these upscale
shops and of course in the summertime people are very scantily clad in place like that guys walking
around with their shirts off six walking around with their like bikinis on or close to it very scantily
clad and you just sit there different places where you can sit on the benches and you know in your
tongue is down to your toenails and then of course you look down you realize your feet aren't nearly
as big as time well now and I what can you tell me what just happened to my phone I don't know
because all the dots all they check marks in the dots just they went away everything's fine here
on that end yeah how can this be okay it must be a conspiracy I do have one check mark though it
oh I said think came up again one moment oh damn it not just gonna I'll come back there we go I pressed
it and nothing happened here's the lady in Baltimore hello oh welcome me yes man oh I missed you so
much I just found your website recently and thank goodness it's so great to have you up here when
I'm not down there anyhow my check marks just came back the phones working I go ahead I'm sorry that's
okay Valencia Spain Valencia yeah is there one they have those good oranges I don't know if they
have oranges there but they have really nice looking men and a beautiful view of the Mediterranean
and you can go lots of places from Valencia that are nearby that are just gorgeous I was in Madrid
and even though it's kind of an old and not all that impressive city in many ways there are a lot
of beautiful people there too yeah and you can even go to the Prado yeah and see Edgar Prado
well have a great day sweetheart how's the weather in Baltimore it's not so bad today it's in the
50s but it's gray and ugly and that's why a lot of people up here they celebrate about going to
and I love it some not me I got two inches of snow on a ground in Toronto it'll ever make 30
today and I'm very happy I have no problem with it there you go have a great day sweetheart you too
uncle Neil I'll see you Valencia with those oranges what what do they have the the blood oranges have
you ever had those uh seen them I think that's in southern Italy is where those are from oh man is
that good you ever have the orange juice made from blood oranges is that Spain where they have that
big orange fight every year where they pummel each other with oranges or is that Italy I don't
know Spain is where they do the balschmit right here we are a pamplona where they go to be trampled by
the bull people or suicides it's a fun way to do it 1057 at 560 WQM if you want your carpets looking
brand new instead of like somebody just had a balschmit or bullfight on your carpeting call my good
buddies a drag concepts they're the best in the world even my picky relatives use drag concepts
everybody I know that's got any kind of a brain and even something don't have much they use these
folks because they do the best job in the world why would you want to use anybody else and they
don't rip you off either before they start cleaning your carpets or whatever you hired them to do
they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job so you don't have to worry about
any bad surprises when they get done it's a matter of fact when they do get done uh you give them a
check and they hand you a nice rose just one solitary rose and everybody walks away with a big
smile on their post you'll be smiling because your carpets will look just like brand new all their
technicians are school and certified by the Institute of Inspiration cleaning and restoration
and they will leave your carpeting soil free vibrant and color smelling nominee fresh off of the
touch and looking just like brand new no matter how hopeless they look right now so please don't
forget when it's time to clean your carpeting your postry your expensive area rives you love the
furniture it's time for our good friends at drag concepts if you ever problem with pet orders or
milled-do orders caused by water damage get rid of that smell immediately if not sooner drag
concepts like magic will make it go away column toll free talk to the real professionals at drag
concepts 1 800 2 4 8 507 1 1 800 2 4 8 507 1 check them out on the web if you like a drag concepts
dot com drag concepts clean today entertain tonight not just an advertising slogan it's their business
