We asked you whatever happened to Maddie Bell. Oh, he's a little guy kind of funny looking
Seems I
Should have planned
To tomorrow
but
My
That
Should have
I'm the way back home
And I got nowhere to go
That's why I'm asking you Joe
I'm talking to the man down the door
I'm asking him to make some change
But he answered, look but I just don't yet
If you want to write a picture for all the main course
This means only a text
Taking up, leading with the mind in the trouble
I'm begging him to make some change
But he answered, look how I just told you
That all he thought to another name is a cancola
With exact changes later than ever about us up
I have a post of it
I need it, I'm dying
I'm dying, I'm dying
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying
I'm dying, I'm dying
That damn bag I can't stand it
Then I'll do it 560 WQM
What a day, huh?
What a freaking day, where do we start?
Oh something just happened?
Not
Sorry
I'm listening to the audio
Georgia's piped up the audio from Channel 4 before the show this morning
Oh something just happened over there
The FDA, A, and Miami
The riot police are out, a little bit of tear gas
They tore down the orange offense
It's in a big heap and what else?
Anything else going on?
No, a lot of pictures
How much is it right now?
10,000 protesters expected Miami later today
And all it looks to me is like a massive people
I don't see anything going on
Few people waving some banners and signs, huh?
Oh something just happened, Mike
Something just happened
Few people in the TV, it's just amazing to me
What a bunch of assholes we're talking about
Oh and I'll wait a minute, something just happened
You see that?
More stuff will be now we're starting to get some scuffling
The riot police are here ready to move in?
That's the police presence here in South Florida for this
There are at least 2500 police officers from 40 different agencies
State, local and federal who are on hand for this
The police have said that Chief Jim and East City of Miami has said right along
that will not be a repeat of what happened in Seattle in 1999
When they had some $3 million in damage and hundreds of arrests
He said that will not happen here
And so far police are keeping a lid on it
What we've seen this morning, we have to keep it all in perspective
They were very minor smirmishes
The police had anticipated and expected from the quote so-called anarchist
That are mixing in with peaceful protesters
And so there was some concern that these things would happen
And today and tomorrow, which the official day is the ministers themselves from these 34 nations have begun
Now how come John Zarella on CNN seems so calm as opposed to the hyperventilating assholes on Channel 4?
Oh something just happened Michael!
Look at that, they're beating on each other
I mean, why the hell they getting so whipped up into a frenzy?
Is it good for ratings?
Sure
Okay, well they just...
Oh, where the hell do we start?
We got Michael Jackson, we got Rush back in deep crap again
We got the FDA, A
We got the big blast in Istanbul, killed 26 inches at least 450 this morning
Shocking blast
Really? That's right, it was a shocking blast in Turkey
Not just a regular ordinary pedestrian blast
Here's the poll result for yesterday, because I can't afford to get too far behind
I might not even have time to get that
Oh here's our favorite caller online, WQAM
Hello?
Yes sir
Hello QAM
Are you stockbaggers?
Yeah, okay, let's start this
951 votes on the poll so far, what famous living person will you like to think is a role model for your daughter if you had a daughter?
Some of you do, some you don't, some you wish and some you won't
Henry Clinton 218
Sandra Day O'Connor 122
Oh that call us from Channel 4 Newsroom? I'll be damned
They know about sucking, just ask her the weather for you, he'll tell you
Henry Clinton 218, Sandra Day O'Connor 122, that's shocking
Marine Dow 96, we'd be proud for a daughter like Marine Dow
Britney Spears 94, to bring home the bacon
Oprah in 93, Susan Sarandon 91, Jocelyn Alders 70
Nicole Kidman 65, Maria Shriver 64, Natalie Main's 38
Those are the only names we had on the list
That was it
That's tough
Now here's poll number one for today, we'll get this on there right away
Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to my, and by the way, anybody that got all panicky here in reports about the evacuation of the White House
I think what they missed a word there, they said there was an evacuation at the White House, somebody had a wild VM this morning
No, there was evidently a plane that got into the White House airspace again briefly like I had a little bit lost
And there were like a few people I'd like out, running out on the White House lawn, the sky is falling and nothing's going on
Nothing happened there, because obviously I'll present these in England anyway
He's hanging out with the queens
Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson, that's our poll question today?
We got the six, as usual, fantastic choices for you
Send him directly to jail, deport him to Thailand, give him a fair trial, nothing, he's a great superstar
Let him run for public office like Arnold, or cut his balls off and use the skin to remake his nose
Those are the, I think those are the six great choices if he acts me, but then again I created the poll
Based on what you know, what do you think, and he's going to surrender to pull these later this morning
Keep in mind it's only seven o'clock in the end of West Coast
But later on this morning he's going to turn his self in
And Mark Garagos, what did I tell you?
You just know it, he's going to be one of the attorneys doing a great defense
I think Mark Garagos could have a bad couple of months here, you know
Well let's hope they tell a wise the trial
Oh and that'd be great, we can just pot it up to the OJ thing
What do you think Michael?
Is he going to wear the gloves and the mask in court?
Just one glove
Oh
Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson?
Send him directly to jail, deport him to Thailand, I think having him in jail with Rush would be a perfect match
I'd love to see that
No, I think he had it right before the show with the guy that was the...
Anyway, send him directly to jail, deport him to Thailand, give him a fair trial
Nothing, he's a great superstar
Let him run for public orifice like Arnold, why not?
Every like a big hot shot star is going to be like governor, president
Or cut his balls off and use the skinner we make his nose, sounds good to me
Now you just kind of like threw me off because there's all of this late break and stuff coming in here
Beside the fact that there's a bunch of people getting shoved around and downtown Miami
You people are channel four man, what about the assholes?
Idiots, morons
Here's a call from Miami, it's probably a spy report, hello
Hello, we are, are you?
Okay boy, this is awfully loud
Perhaps this is an echo inside my car
No, it's an echo inside our putt
It could be, anyway, the thing about Michael Jackson is he should obviously be tried like anyone else
But he's got to get some kind of special treatment
Because how long you think it lasts like an in general population array for something like that?
You mean kind of like father Gagan?
Something like that
Something like that?
I don't know
Anyway, you're the best, I've been listening a long time
However, I haven't heard, actually I wanted to tell you that Hank, Hank and some of the other guys were playing your Moa Ronde gasp in fits all afternoon
Good, excellent
That was quite fun
Oh and I'm glad you mentioned Moa, I'm going to bring, I'm going to drag him out of the closet then
Guy, you reminded me with all the other stuff going on almost forgot, thank you
Yeah, that's great, any Moa bits or good Moa bit
Okay, have a great day
Yeah
No more, my steer, I just want to say this right now because I'm sure he's listening on his way up to Boka even if he's already there
I just want you to know we're on to you now, man
We got the evidence, we got the smoking gun mo, okay
We got the smoking gun
And I listen for about three minutes
When I get up in the morning I come in here, I open up the pot, then I smoke it
I mean, I open up the pot, I listen for a couple of minutes
And then I put on the, I open up my pot with a TV audio so George knows I'm alive
And then I go do my stuff, all my ablusions
Yeah, he's gotten now just like anybody you would put on here, he's got this core of ass-looking sycophants
Oh Mr. David, you're a play by play, you're so wonderful
Take off those checkered pants
Yeah, blow it out to your ass Moa, and I'm going to tell you right now it just makes me want to puke
Because these people, if they had any idea, well some of them were just ass-lickers anyway
But if the public had any idea, the connoisseur Nannigan's that this man has been involved with for over a year at that radio station
Which now I have proof, I got the smoking gun baby, I got it, your ass is grass
So your comment about payback is a bitch last year, you know something Moa, you're right
And the day is coming, it's not a question of if, it's just a question of when
Govern yourself accordingly, okay Mo?
You are dead meat
Because the kind of garbage that you've been pulling behind the scenes
And see, there are people like that, they come on the air like Mr. Naisky
And they're above it all, and above the fray and all this other crap
And behind the scenes, which is why this man has gotten canned everywhere he's ever been
I-I-I-I-I-I-I
Everybody he's ever worked with hates him like poison including just about everybody inside that building
So maybe one or two butt-lookers and I can't imagine who they might be
Can't you?
No
But this, the buck stops here Moa, I'll tell you that right now
Because you are the lowest form of subhuman scum
Slime, smegma that I've ever encountered
Forget about, like I said the other day, forget about just in a radio business
Just in my life, in 61 long excruciating years where I've met thousands and thousands and thousands of people
Some of them great people, good people, decent people, some of them real assholes
Some of them like kind of like nondescript in between and you
You're in a separate category
Because as far as life forms are concerned on the food chain
Whatever is underneath the barnacles on the bottom of a ship at the bottom of the ocean
Whatever is crawling around underneath the barnacles you're in
You piece of turd you, you disgusting nasty miserable hateful backstabbing scumbag you
What are you trying to say?
He's a piece of crap
Oh the crap you can unwrap
Yeah, unwrap this
Infinity fights OP and Anthony fine
How's that protest coming down there in Miami?
Oh you just missed our good friend Juan Mendietta speaking
I don't want to hear him on my video
Is he still sitting on the mayor finger picking your shoulder?
Not a shoulder
Oh, welcome!
Infinity fights OP and Anthony fine
Viacom's Infinity radio is decided it will contest rather than pay the $357,000 fine actually a series of fines
The FCC is living in connection with the famous OP and Anthony stunt of the summer of 2002
The stunt resulted in WNWFM in New York and 12 other Infinity stations carrying the show
Each being hit for $27,500 fines
Although the fine is one of the largest we've seen this is in the radio business report today
It's one of the largest we've seen come out of the FCC in a broadcaster mean at least one commissioner Michael cops didn't think it went far enough
He wants to look at revoking the station license insides instances
RBR observation though says the WNWFM may have violated the law in the city of New York
But that doesn't necessarily make an actionably indecent
Had the WNWFMC caught on videotape it may or may not have been actually indecent or actionably indecent
It's all in the camera angles
It may be illegal to show sexual behavior
But that's not necessarily the case when one is merely implying sexual behavior
Infinity's case will revolve around this concept
WNWFM broadcast non explicit descriptions of the incident
None of the famous George Carlin heavy seven words were used
It's quite possible that Infinity can witness one in court
How do you like that?
Hugo boys
Yeah, you go boys stick it to him
You know what I mean?
I...I...I...
Yeah, you're dead meat man, you're done, you're finished
You might as well just roll up your damn smelly old piece and just crawl into a corner somewhere and hide
We got the smoke in gun ban, man like you said pay back as a bitch
Just keep in mind Mo, it's not a question of if it's a question of when
1013 at 560 WQM imagine on your next mortgage zero closing costs
Imagine zero application fee, zero credit fee, zero discounted points
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need
The Revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate amazingly low
Just 1.95%
If you have a 200,000 dollar on your payments are only 738 a month
Once you be financed you get a new home mortgage from financial group
You'll never ever never pay closing costs again
Call them tool free, 1-800-940-Lend
Grab yourself real financing power with low rate mortgage that you can move to your next property without further cost of expense
The only one mortgage from financial group
For details call 1-800-940-Lend
It's a whole new way to buy
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dot fee, zero pre-payment and penalty, zero closing costs
Even when you move to another property, how can you beat that?
Get financing at just 1.95% and never ever pay closing costs again
Call them today and find out about it
Call financial group 1-800-940-Lend
Either an equal housing lender, restrictions apply rate subject change monthly 5.19 APR
Line in local, near sports radio 560-CU-A-M
Call them today and find out about it
Call them today and find out about it
Call them today and find out about it
One pill makes you drowsy, my friend
And it also makes you high
In the once-mile housemate gave me
But they made me itchy all the time
Now, my Gow ass wheeler
there should keep you well supplied
Natasha七 rakta la cada downloaded
Founding them goofballs, �iri heroin
Bring me to a higher asshole plate
I can have a groom
If not get busted
Thanks to my friends in a higher moral place
The Gow ass wheeler
She'll get you some horse and a hand from a wolf ball.
I was right.
I'm back by some of the kids and ready to build bulls up and some birds.
You will see in other dissenters' friends.
Let's extract them gold and a bit of teeth and donate the proceeds to the R&C.
As a show of rights of horse for our glorious leader and go ask Wilma.
You'll get you through your show by putting the logic out of proportion to justify your seething hate.
Out my ass, I'm fucking backwards, my little head friend.
Oh, now I'm not looking at the cup.
You guys need to go here.
Remember what Rush Limbaugh said.
All drug abusers should be dead.
That's a person for spite.
Anyway, Limbaugh defends bank activity.
He's got more problems, you know what I love it.
Yeah.
Authorities are investigating whether a conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh
and illegally funneled money to buy prescription painkillers.
The law enforcement said on condition, of course, of anonymity.
It's always on condition of anonymity because nobody wants to like...
Get involved.
In a sturd day back.
On the air after we had...
Limbaugh respinded.
Wednesday with the blankets and all of the allegations first reported Tuesday by ABC News.
I was not laundering money. I was withdrawing money for crying out loud.
Limbaugh said in the three hour broadcast.
You see, the fact that he's been backed into wall on this.
Wait till you have this one thing about.
He would juke cash 30 to 40 times from his account at a amounts just under 10 grand.
So it verifies everything that the maid said and those inquirer stories that I read on the air about.
These thousands and thousands and thousands of pills that he was taking.
Not just, you know, he wasn't just...
He was like hooked big time and was like off his ass.
Maybe he was just withdrawing money to go through the drive through it, McDonald's.
That could have been it.
Maybe add some deals at McDonald's like,
OJ was doing the parking lot alleged.
OJ and what's his name? What the was that punk?
Cato?
Cato. How soon they forget.
Anyway, Limbaugh was absent from a show for five weeks after announcing was entering a drug rehab program because of his addiction to prob prescription painkillers,
which damn near cosmology go deaf came pretty close.
You notice how easy these assholes get off the hook on this stuff?
Yes, I have noticed that.
Law enforcement sources in Palm Beach County were low bones, a $24 million ocean front mansion previously confirmed that a criminal investigation into a prescription drug ring involved a conservative radio commentator,
his former maid Wilma Klein reported supplying it with oxy cotton and other painkillers.
Authorities learned two years ago during an investigation of US truck bank in New York that Limbaugh would do cash 30 to 40 times from his account.
It amounts just under the $10,000 bank reporting requirement ABC News reported Tuesday.
A bank employer was reported to have delivered some cash to Limbaugh.
He had delivered it to his house.
You ready for that?
In a brown paper bag.
Limbaugh, that's, I mean, isn't that generally the way you would draw money from the bank?
Does somebody drives up like in the middle of the night?
Here's the goods.
Limbaugh told listeners the report was misleading and said the bank, he had the bank ring cash to him at his New York office maybe four times if that money.
Otherwise, he said he obtained cash from a bank in Florida where he was living.
Further, he said his bank US trust advised him to make withdrawals that were less than 10 grand as a way to lessen the bank's paperwork.
There was a $10,000 reporting requirement.
They said if you keep it out of that, then nobody asked to file any paperwork.
And so that's what I did.
Why did you do that?
Fun?
Just for the fun of it. Just practice.
Freak us out.
Further, he said US trust advised him to make withdrawals that are less than 10 grand.
There was a Limbaugh's lawyer where a black didn't return a phone call for comment.
It can be a federal crime to structure financial transactions below the $10,000 limit to avoid the reporting requirement.
Limbaugh said he started while we know that.
So there you go.
She's got more tourists.
And the other thing that you face to me, Gallup trot's at a rush rating.
Well, this is part two of the same ongoing thing.
In the past rush Limbaugh and Al Franken have famously clashed on the shelves of the nation's bookstores.
I got that bookstani by on the Hannity and Comestor if we have time.
Good.
Well, there's a police use spray.
I'm dozens of protesters in Miami.
I think there's a few, huh?
There's a Marlins cap.
Oh, is it you see a Marlins cap?
That was the perspective of our John Zarella and Peter Hammer.
Anyway, Limbaugh and Franken,
it says think about these two guys.
Did you know that according to a recently taken pull taken by Gallup far more than double the number of Americans have an unfavorable opinion of rush than Al?
It's not even close.
51% are down on rush compared to only 22% who go down on Al.
But there's a reason almost half of Americans never heard of Al Franken despite his years on Saturday Night Live.
His movies, books, his well-policized class with Fox News earlier this year.
You can't say that about rush only 9% of Americans have no idea who his ass is.
Let's see.
And they got the favorable unfavorable unfavorable opinion list of Oprah, Rush Limbaugh, Dr. Phil.
That one makes me want to gag.
Dennis Miller.
Oh, geez.
Al Franken and Ann Coulter.
Oprah, favorable 73% 20% unfavorable.
Unfavorable only 1% no opinion 6%.
Rush Limbaugh, favorable 34% unfavorable 51%.
Unfavorable with a 9% no opinion 6.
Dr. Phil.
This is just amazing to me.
Dr. Phil LaGroa, 48% favorable only 16% unfavorable 26% unfavorable.
Have no idea who to let the Slavis and 10% no opinion.
Dennis Miller, 41% favorable 20% unfavorable 30% have no idea who to hold on his Miller is 9% no opinion.
Al Franken, 16% I wonder how is this pull taken?
This is a Gallup pull.
16% favorable 22% unfavorable.
Al Franken, 49% have no idea who he is 13% no opinion.
That's slimy bitch and Coulter 11% favorable 10% unfavorable 69% unfavorable.
I'm sure that's just a coincidence.
Unfavorable 10% no opinion.
Well, what bunch of a wackos they must have taken that pull from, huh?
What kind of...
Maybe they took it in Minnesota or in North Dakota in America.
Speaking of Fargo, I got it right here.
I got these special editions.
One thing about...
I love the way they package CDs and DVDs now.
You have to like take off your DVDs and swing in the breeze or to have enough energy just to get the packaging off the DVD.
I'm not sure who will get it in an hour.
Right.
Special edition, Frances McDormand.
That's interesting about how her name is on here in the William H. Macy's not even on the cover.
Huh.
But she was great. She was phenomenal.
And he was too.
He was great, but she was... she made the movie.
Frances McDormand Fargo, thriller by the Cohen Brothers, Harry and Saul.
And it was very good. The ending sucked.
The ending was too abrupt and it just left you like that's it.
I mean, just like you said about Magnolia, not that this movie is as good as Magnolia.
It's not even the same league.
But the ending is just...
I'm not gonna say it's spoils it because I didn't enjoy it very much.
But the ending was weak.
It was very weak.
And you agreed on that.
I'm not gonna go to short. You're gonna deny that now.
No, it was a little anti-climactic.
Okay. Here's the play.
Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson?
80 votes.
Cut off his balls, use the skin to remake his nose.
51.
You got a new nose coming, Mikey.
Give him a fair trial, 12.
Send him directly to jail, 10.
Deport him to Thailand, 3. He'd have a good time there.
Let him run for public office like Arnold, 3.
And 1 says, nothing, he's a great entertainer.
All right.
Yeah, don't he get a free pass?
Listen, if the priest can get as many free passes as they get, why not poor Michael?
He's been misunderstood and he was abused.
1027 at 560 WQMH, if your mattress has been abusing your back because it's lumpy and bumpy and it feels like crap,
time to get rid of it, time to throw it out, time to call Dalmatrists and get you a great night's sleep and help you in your back and away you feel every day.
You feel like a new person.
Because Dalmatrists gives you no phony promises, no bait and switch, no games, no crap, just discount prices, unbeatable ones on the brand names you know and love now including,
stirons and foster.
And when you call 1-800 mattress, you still get that unbeatable delivery deal.
You pick the day in time for delivery any to our Windows 7 days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 a night when it's convenient for you.
They show up, take away the crappy old vetting set up your brand new one, no extra charge, and I guarantee you'll be getting a great night's sleep for years to come.
So get sucked in by those so-called giants in the mattress industry or those furniture and petting stores do not in the same league with our friends at Dalmatrists,
which is why George and Miguel and Volkabrion and Fatboy and yours truly were all used them in Scott would even use them too, but it just didn't work out.
Call them at toll free 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATTRES, or online it's mattress.com.
My life and local, this is 4205-16, way to A.M.
On my child, Rick put the gun in Dudley.
My life says it's worth white love for some, because I've been looking around when excuse to explain my words.
You can recognize me.
My doctors have leached out my embassy, and I keep children around, and they sleep inside my bed.
People say that I am gay, that is why I marry you in some way.
It's way too late to come and say with this song that's really bad.
Or blame it on my child.
And all of those toys that I never had, the only joy show in my life, what my trauma I've used to die.
The more you judge me, and call me freaking, let me find and hold and say.
Are you sure?
I believe it on my child.
No attention to playing that again today, but I had a fact here.
It says yesterday, you said the certain Michael Jackson bit was just the best.
Was that blame it on my childhood? No. Can you please please play it again? It was so revelatory. Well, I just played it there.
Speaking of, just the best. The Michael Jackson tour is the best. I played it twice yesterday, yes?
Just the best news you've ever heard all day.
More Howard David died. No, but close.
Well, give me a, he got into a wreck. No, it's coming over your fax machine right now. I love this suspense.
Does it have to do with Mo? No.
Oh, well, it's not the best news I ever heard. Well, it's second best. Are they paying off my contract? No, it's still good, though.
Well, give me a clue. It has to be a chance. It just ran over another guy. Well, if clue hasn't long overdue.
You got your bonus. No, nothing.
Well, give me a, that's not what is that? Long overdue. Okay. George Bush is being impeached. No, no, no.
What? That's not in the fax machine. Oh, I got it right here. All right.
It's like a best news. Well, here's some good news. See in the middle of all this stuff, the demonstrations downtown and Michael is a pedophile alleged and what else?
I said all these are dead people in Istanbul and Bush and and goofball Blair over there in London talking up about your crap.
Miriam Elephant, the emparalleled proud election supervisor was removed from office this morning and the governor's office was expected to an emerald placement.
Oh, yeah. I never thought I'd say anything good about you. Bush. Nice going, jebster, baby. You call, boy.
And how's Columbia doing with all the illegal goods she's smuggling in?
Shortly after 10 o'clock this morning, Elephant was served with an executive order signed by Florida governor, Jeb Bush, removing her from office.
It was served by Broward deputies that remain orifice at the government center. Hallelujah. There is a God.
She was reported to be in a meeting with her staff in her orifice at the government center, unavailable for comment after the announcement was made.
This by the anxious buddy, Nivens and the Sun sent lots were ordered to replace it. That's always not a good sign about coming back.
You know what they say? We're changing lots. It works. Yeah. She's going to need you to pick the lock.
Loss were ordered replaced in orifices and deputies expected to take up positions and secure the voting offices equipment.
We had a lot of jack booted in fact. Look at that. Miami police march toward the protesters.
So for time to shield as if they're preparing to continue to move on the process cloud. Yeah.
I'm not fired anymore. Puppers spray into the cloud. I think that maybe if they didn't have any of them, cops don't.
They're mad. I mean, call me crazy. But maybe they just be having like a little branch right now. You know, you're crazy.
Put out some picnic tables and just have a little bunch of funny thing they were showing earlier as though the cops threw a can.
It's here gas into the protest or crowd. Yeah. Through it back. How revolutionary.
Did they say back at you? I think that's what they did. They've a lot of reconcets fans down there.
Miami police. Martin. Of course they're showing the pictures. They're not a goddamn thing going on. Nothing.
There's nothing happening at the moment. I'm sure you should on channel four. If you turn on channel four.
Oh my god. Something happened. You know, all those deals. Yeah. Oh, no, that was just going. You see that big bird.
Yeah. Yeah. I got that big word for you. Honey right here. Take a look at it. You dumb bitch. Jesus Christ.
Police use spray on dozens of protesters at the FDA. A talks. When I see here's some other run of these pictures.
Are they cornered from before they show it? No, once we saw before it. See, this is what they love to do.
This is CNN. They love to take footage from earlier when they were like scuffling and you heard all that.
A lot of four letter words by the way. A lot of crap going on. And but that was before. See now.
Now they show the scene. There's not a damn thing going on. And those people are just waiting to get into the goddamn basketball game anyway.
Miriam elephant. Bye bye.
As John McLaughlin would say. Bye bye. Yeah. Don't let the door hitch in the ass in a way out on a long overdue.
Those were the words that you spoke and you were absolutely correct, George. For once. Man.
How long and you know, the blessing here is thank goodness before any more elections take place,
especially like in 2004, like presidential elections and all these other things.
God forbid that this totally incompetent broad should have still been in there.
I mean, she has basically through these last couple of years held up a sign saying,
I'm totally incompetent, but you won't move me because I'm black.
And there's a bunch of crazy preachers out there saying they're making it into a racial issue.
Miriam, we don't care if you're black, white, purple, yellow, green, purple, but polka dots.
We don't give a flying crap. You're incompetent and I scull and jab.
Okay, when you're right, you're right, which this is the first time.
How do you like that? Yeah.
Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson?
We asked, cut off his balls and use the skin to remake his nose 83.
Michael's getting a brand new nose. 144 votes. They're pouring in already.
Give him a fair trial, 28. Send him directly to jail 18. That sounds good.
And like you said, or like I said, just put him in a... All you got to do is like for a few hours,
get the guy to off to father Gagan, you know, on a sublock. Just stick him in there.
He don't like pedophiles too much and see what happens. They'll come up.
Let him run for public office just like Arnold 9.
Nothing. He's a great superstar 3 and deport him in Thailand 3. Yeah.
Where's that other fact I got from? Like what kind of... Oh, here it is. It's one about the plan that bit.
It says in my opinion, there's so many awful issues here. Number one, about Michael,
presuming this is true and that it happened after the widely publicized allegations of the 90s,
what if their parent would allow their child near Michael?
And not only allegations, but if you'll recall Latoya, she verified it.
She said there's no question about it that he was a... She found all of those checks that he was paying off millions of dollars.
That damn fact that I can't stand it. Right. There was no doubt that he's a pedophile, everybody knows that.
There's no answer for all the children that were there. All the boys had stayed there.
And she is the one who always said that Michael... Excuse my expression, but he's a fact.
And she would say that damn fact that I can't stand it. That damn fact that I can't stand it.
Okay, we get a Latoya just dummy up, bitch.
Two, what about the staff so to speak, had never land? The staff of life.
How could they stand by and let these things go on for years? Well, of course, deep in mind, he's ruled in the rules.
You know, he was the dictator. So they like kept their... But keep in mind, wasn't it one of the maids?
Right. One of the servants that outed him on the first thing was in that book.
Remember in the unauthorized biography and told about all the stuff and fired the kids underwear and all the other.
And the fact that he didn't... He used to poop in his pants. There's something wrong with his creature, okay?
He didn't even... Times that he was locked in a room there with his little kids.
He didn't even bother going to the bathroom because then I'm sure he had very, very lovely facilities there.
But he was too busy at pooping in his pants. Maybe he was in that too, I don't know.
Oh man.
Remember that? Yeah.
Three, the masses will largely see this as a gay thing, just another perversity of the gays.
They've been brainwashed by religion to believe that pedophilia and homosexuality are the same. Well, guess what?
They're not but the people who want to believe that will just use that as another excuse for their hate, for their bigotry, for their stupidity, for their narrow mind of this.
And you know what? Who the hell cares? You know, if they're that stupid who gives a crap?
Like those people, like the people up in Fargo.
Oh, oh man.
So keep in mind, every time they take a national pool, keep in mind that those people...
Where they're taking a pool? Right.
If they take a pool like in a civilized place and then you say, well that might mean something to me.
For example, that pool from the Houston Chronicle I gave you?
I'll get to that story later, but the pool is really worth talking about.
Texans, Urge, ban on gay unions, Texas Republican leaders on Capitol Hill press the other day for a swift consideration of a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage on a heels of that ruling by the Massachusetts Supreme Court, allowing same sex couples to wed and receive the same legal rights.
So the Houston Chronicle, certain tickets pool over 5,000 votes should gay marriages be allowed.
No, 53% yes, 45% undecided 2%.
53 to 45, which is damn nice, but that's in Houston, Texas for crying out loud.
My name is Locke, this is 560.
You're in your goal, yours.
Q&A!
That's a blue guy.
Hey, more, you're a scumbag, baby.
Oh yeah, I got that something.
I'm making it in my glass.
Yeah, you, a naked boy.
And I'm your name, the man.
Yeah, I'm your name, the man.
Yeah, I'm your name, the man.
They seem so sweet to me.
With their firm little cans.
Little boys, you should be with me.
Cause I'm a damn blue man.
Yeah, I'm a damn blue man.
Yeah, I'm a damn blue man.
Hey, little kid, I'll give you candy and a ride.
You can sit on my lap and I will let you drive.
Let you drive, let you drive.
Yeah, you shake your mouth in when you wear your little pants.
Don't tell a little secret cause I'm your name, the man.
Yeah, I'm your name, the man.
Yeah, I'm your name, the man.
And when I shower, I'll invite you inside.
And when I touch your little pants, I get high.
I get high, I get high.
Oh yeah, I got that something.
I'm making it in my grand.
Yeah, you, a naked boy.
And I'm your name, the man.
Yeah, I'm your name, the man.
Yeah, I'm your name, the man.
I'm your name, the man.
The 12 year old boy at the center of the Michael Jackson Child Malostation scandal may have confessed to his psychiatrist
that the pups singer applied him with wine and sleeping pills when he allegedly molested him according to sources.
12.
I said, 12.
The 12 year old boy, that's exactly what I said.
I think you better check George for oxy cottons is here and starting to go.
We have it on tape.
Okay, what did I say?
I would bet Greg's life on it that I said 12.
How much money?
How much money am I betting on it?
Roll it back.
From coming out of the last bit.
We're not rolling a debt.
He doesn't think we're rolling it back.
He doesn't have any force going to roll back.
I guess you that rolls it back.
I got pinned back.
He circumspects back.
We don't have all day here.
I have a heavy plate, man.
We're like one of the things and that's not good.
Rick and suds us from the previous segment before the break.
Rick and suds my ass.
Two minutes ago.
Dorset, I guess.
Why didn't that necessarily say World Pass broadcast or maybe there's some other telly he's got that we know about yet.
I think he was over there on the 441.
Give that out of here.
We're not putting him out there.
Jesus Christ.
We're not recording the go.
Okay.
And I would give you look.
We don't have time to fart around with us.
Okay, leave him out of this.
The 12 year old boy at the center there.
You threw me the whole damn show off now with your crap.
Also recorded my source writes Roger Friedman from Fox News.
No less Jackson knowing some months ago that the boy and his family had serious complaints about his relationship with him.
Try to get rid of them.
I mean, not to get.
You know, I come off, but he bought them passports and planned to ship them off to somewhere in South America.
A friend of the boys family.
A mother and siblings told me.
In fact, this says the source Jackson kept the family at Neverland for a period of time, hoping to convince them to drop their allegations by lavishing them and entertain them further.
Miriam.
Remember him, Jim.
Miriam and junior.
No.
How about Tom Miriam?
No.
According to sources, the boy who made the allegations was a cancer patient whose last wish was to meet Jackson at a time that his friends and family feared his illness was getting worse.
Jackson paid the family's medical bills and assisted them financially, even buying them a car according to sources, possibly a new house.
When the boys' condition improved according to a family friend, Jackson brought him to his Neverland Valley range.
That is when the alleged inappropriate contact between them is thought to have occurred.
At some point last, bring the boys' schoolmates, apparently aware of his relationship with Jackson, began taunting him in public.
In one case, an incident of harassment is said to have occurred at a gas station, prompting the boys' mother to seek legal advice.
The lawyer she met with advice sending the boy to a psychologist, according to my sources, psychologists had enough concerns to report his conversation to the police.
Oy!
That would be a job with the ID proposed by the police.
Now there's that the family is not seeking civil damages at this time or anticipating a cash settlement similar to the one that happened 10 years ago.
In other words, they're not just doing it for the money like this happened in the past.
They want justice, right?
Right.
And for justice, we must go to...
Don Coyote.
That's right.
We've heard that before, though.
Yes?
From those people, that other family.
Well, they're trying to stay at its abarganing chip.
Right.
The bargaining tool.
And when the price gets high enough, they say, well, forget about justice. We'll take the money, thank you.
He said, I Skydiver stole a freight train.
Anybody can see that.
Well, they're restraining some of the people down there downtown.
The police are not the police are banging their batons against the sides of their shields and their ships.
Oh, this is all...
It's also pathetic. It's all so ridiculous is what it is, you know?
And a lot of these outside agitators that come into town, all they do is make themselves look like assholes.
And they've got some of them like pinned down on the ground.
And you know when they start, I was watching the way they were searching them, you know?
And reach around in their pants. I think that's what they were looking for.
And if they should find like a joint or something like that, oh, man.
Ten to twenty. No questions asked.
They'll do a lot longer than Michael ever will.
Should we take some calls? One or two?
All right.
Here's Poppano. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, look at the thing about our equipment sound too.
Okay, good.
Wonderful.
Here's a little Havana. Hello.
Hey, it's Michael Jackson. Can we ride?
What is it about that?
Michael Jackson, what?
Can we ride?
That sounds good.
All right.
Send to find Sodom.
And also at the same time, you can find the killers of the colon run.
You're number one, Neil.
Okay, thank you, Polly.
They got nothing to say.
I thought we'd get a lot of calls on us with all this stuff going on.
I mean, just like I thought, we'd get a lot of calls when they had the Marlins big parade downtown.
Remember that?
Oh, maybe I had nothing in.
Nothing.
I heard bugs down in the crowd.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on a AT and T of Ryzen Wireless.
My Miriam Elephant gets canned.
He's out.
I could grind out loud.
Where's the excitement and enthusiasm from the South Florida audience?
What's with you people?
Yeah.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Concerning the evacuation of the White House, there was the flash not too long ago.
And my theory of dialectical checks and gallons.
Yeah, okay, great.
What we have here is a failure to write five, six, seven, are we going to get any sane people today?
No.
I think it's they're all gone nuts.
I think they've all lost it.
As far as the eye can see, down White House.
There's a protest in England.
Thousands and thousands and thousands.
They're going to end up here and to file the square.
There are already several thousand people in the world.
A hundred thousand predicted for the anti-war rally in London.
Nice going.
You go boys and girls.
Ladies and whatever you might be.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Okay.
Listen, I just made a random thought.
But you know what?
Tensions wouldn't be running so high downtown.
If these guys weren't running around like pigs banging batons and looking like the Nazi swaps ago.
Right. That's correct. That's what I said before.
You know, these people are looking like, you know, they're expecting a lot of...
Stormtroopers.
That word you're looking for.
So they look like stormtroopers.
They look like those, yeah, stormtroopers.
They look like Darth Vader's boys over there.
Dress blue and gray.
Nice outfits.
Anyway, Neil, take it easy and down with the bigs.
Okay.
They got nice batons, though, man.
They're wheeled and they're swinging their batons around.
Look like a baton.
Maryam Elephant is gone.
You're right, no matter whatever else happens today.
That's a real great piece of news.
That's party worthy.
That is worth a big party.
Based on what you know, what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson?
That's our first pool question today.
202 votes.
Cut off his balls and use the skin to remake his nose 107.
Give him a fair trial of 50.
Set him directly to jail 27.
Let him run for public office like Arnold 12.
Nothing.
He's a great superstar three and deported to Thailand only three.
I think they deserve him.
I still say the idea about Father Gagan's murderer.
I think that's a great idea.
Just introduce him would be good, you know.
Just briefly.
He'd go, look, break a little bread together.
We should remember his name.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, the author?
Okay.
Neil, in reference to Michael Jackson, I think the individual should definitely be tried this
time.
They should gather the evidence and definitely follow through with the entire trial.
I don't know how it's evidence they have in terms of pinpointing, but they should figure out
whether even if the boy's family didn't go through and they had enough statements and deposition
taken, they can go through with the trial and possibly convict them.
They're going to be the work, so I mean, I can't their patience.
That's probably the lowest you've been finding in terms of the person, you know, acting as a
predator.
Amen.
Thank you.
Great job, man.
Have a great day, pal.
56670560.560 on the ATT.
I'm a little distracted here because I'm reading this thing that you sent me to say new
nothing about.
We got a van hit today.
5 to 7 at the publics.
411 South Cyprus Creek Road in the Pomboville Beach.
It says Cyprus Road here, but there is no such place.
South Cyprus Creek Road, am I correct?
Okay.
In Pomboville Beach.
Spin the wheel for prizes and get the best in the merchandise.
Spin the wheel for our crappy, very low budget QM prizes.
And tomorrow, with George, we'll have another van hit 3 to 5 payment for a lot of
Dale Harley because George needs the money on federal highway.
Just south of Oakland Park Boulevard.
There'll be free food from Atlantic City.
Subs where I remakes all the difference in the world.
Prizes and best in the merchandise.
We've got two van hits.
Do we have a total McGellers out of my out of line by asking?
Your way out of line.
How many out of line?
We're supporting you by CC.
You A.M.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
All right.
Coming next year, the King of Pop.
Perturay, your hometown.
Turing to benefit the Cardinal Classical for wayward boys.
If my goal, that's it.
The King of Pop, it isn't picky.
I've got a very fast way to try it.
Right, Jack's gonna be in a big show.
Because I've found a little any child.
It's no matter what he's back all white.
My goal, I'll shoot at him.
Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits.
From all these with the Jackson Five.
There'll be an A.B.C.
I'm getting down on my knees.
We're moving to Denver.
Good race, A.B.C.
Start a race, baby, you and me.
That's right.
From the timeless tunes of the Jackson Five.
To the classic solo work, Michael Jackson's benefit to our aims to please.
People lost in their self, we thought you'd been niles.
Some call me big, brothers, some are better, final.
And there's no one to defile.
I just sit for a while and beat it, beat it, beat it, beat it.
I can't come up.
I A.B.
To be the King of Pop.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm through the press, and I just sit around.
So can we be full of call from a con, con, con, con?
When I'm home alone, sitting naked by the phone, I beat it, beat it.
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes.
So hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room.
Michael Jackson's gonna hit the show.
Hey, A.B.C.
You stop me.
Is that your real skin color?
It's inside the counts.
I know a game that we can play to find out.
And so do you fly.
It's time to free Willy.
Say, say, say what you want, but you know who I.
Give a fraction.
We don't know how to read.
But then do it boys give me a reaction.
And here's a rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the showrun of the world.
With the Vienna Boys Choir backing him up.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
Like Billy's jeans.
You know how to tell time.
And of course smooth criminal.
Yes, it's Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the Cardinal Clancy School for Wayward Boys.
Get your tickets now.
Boys under 10 of it is free when a copy by no one.
I'm gonna hold forward.
That was the bit I was talking about.
You're listening to it and it's just brilliant man.
That was the best.
All time best you can't argue with me because it's the truth.
I will.
Captain and I did say 12.
Miguel checked the tape.
Okay.
I'm telling you, check your hearing man.
You're taking too many of them pills.
Wrong one.
Captain Rick says I don't agree with Michael Jackson's behavior at least.
But let's be fair.
Where was the goddamn police in their 70 trucks in search warrants when the Catholic priest
were doing the same things as Captain Rick?
Why do you have a good putt, Captain Rick?
The only problem being there's a lot of similarities there because the Catholic priest got away
with it for years and years and years and covered it up and denied and they got moved around
from one to parish to another and one state to another.
And the same thing here with Michael, you know.
In fact they said 14 weeks they've been putting these charges together to arrest him.
And the excuse being what I had Halloween and there were a lot of visitors to...
I mean come on.
I think the guy that called the other day and made the point.
And I think at a good point, the same day that the Massachusetts Supreme Court says that it's not legal
to band-gay marriages, on that same day we get to Michael Jackson announcement.
Could be just a coincidence, don't you think?
No.
No.
I thought I'm paranoid, anything like that.
This article about the FTAA by Cyril Michael Eichko, I'm going to read it a little bit.
Because most people don't even know what the hell it's all about or why these people are protesting or what they're doing there.
Although there's not much going on right now.
No, nothing.
John Jerellis says...
The protest is a disbanding.
And we're literally right in the midst of all of it here.
A few feet from the police officers and...
There are just a few people, Milner, why don't we wait for the basketball you can start?
Anyway, here's a call from North Miami. Hello.
Hey, Milner, what's up?
Yes, sir.
A couple things.
Dubai Miriam.
I thought I'd never see the day.
Great news, huh?
Yeah, I'm happy, man.
I can't believe it took so long.
I mean, that was one...
In her case, better late than never, man.
Absolutely, for all of us.
That doesn't guarantee we'll get a fair vote, though.
But still, at least that's one thing out of the way.
Another thing, Michael Jackson, he's a crap.
Hope they ring him up the flagpole.
And I attribute of the dolphin signing a rendezvous.
Could you play that bit?
The one with mohawas when he's getting off all run.
You got him, man.
You got it.
Let me help you.
Let me help you.
See it?
And that's the reason they signed a rendezvous.
They forgot all about him.
And then I played that big couple of days ago, remember?
I didn't.
And then didn't lo and behold.
Here's a rendezvous back again.
So the guy basically says, Michael Jackson's a piece of crap.
Yeah, that's what he said.
And there's a lot of crap going on in the world these days.
And it's about time he put it into some of the crap.
Right.
Including killing all of his innocent people,
which nobody seems to care about.
I just...
I'm sorry.
I must be a moron.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes.
But I just don't understand why there isn't more...
I mean, here are these people worried about the FDA.
And they got a good point.
I happen to agree with them.
Although their methods are pretty weak.
But in the meantime, where the hell are all the massive protests in the US right now?
We had some sporadic ones here in here.
All of these kids that are dying over there, all of these innocent people,
all of the Iraqis who are dying, you know, a liberation by decapitation.
It's just not the way to do it.
Okay?
All of the lies that were told.
Here's the freaking...
And then Bush is yesterday into the Brits.
Well, you know, we can't turn a clock back.
And whether you like it or not, we're there now.
We have two choices.
We can either finish it or whatever.
What kind of an attitude is that?
They basically admitted that they made up the whole bunch of horsecraft
about weapons of mass destruction,
because there weren't any, about al-Qaeda and the Sodom being asked bodies,
which they weren't, had nothing to do with each other.
About 9-11 having anything to do with Sodom who's saying in Iraq,
which he did not.
Okay.
Well, what now?
Well, he was a bad guy.
Oh, I see.
We spend a lot of time going around the world trying to emancipate countries
from evil dictators.
Don't we?
No, we sure as hell don't.
And I'm going to say it again.
Okay, with all the crap that's going on right now,
and George said it when he used that term about stirring the hornet's nest.
That's exactly what we did.
And I keep thinking back to those ads that appeared in the New York Times.
The anti-Bush ads that appeared mocking him with those pictures of Osama saying,
go ahead and pay direct.
That's just what I want to stir up all the Arabs.
Stir up all the terrorists in the world.
Stir up all the crap.
Prok the hornets nest, baby.
And that's exactly what he did.
Because they already had this thing planned long before they stole the 2000 election
and make no mistake about it.
And the American public sits back,
we don't know what like this.
We're going to get their next happy meal.
Well, there are people dying over there for no reason at all.
It's pathetic.
It's tragic.
And I'm thinking the same thing with the Michael Jackson story.
The reason he was able to get away with it for so long
is because of the media.
The media is, I know it's easy to say it, but it's true.
Because the media has such tremendous control in shaping public attitude and opinion in the US.
Because even, first of all, the media in other countries isn't like our media.
Everything isn't just show business.
And number two, because Americans watch so much more TV than anyplace else.
Right.
Anywhere in the world.
And so just about we got two generations now of people.
Everything just like Howard Beale said in Network,
the only thing they know is what they see on the tube.
Right?
And if the media would stop glorifying pedophiles like Michael Jackson,
and stop covering up the thing with a Catholic priest,
well, you know, there are a few isolated incidents
and then bringing on these crazy rabid people like that one guy from the,
that Donnie who got from the Catholic League.
This has got to stop.
You people in the media, man, you're a bunch of lunatics.
Talk about your responsible.
And Jack Ashes like Bernard Goldberg writes in books about the liberal media.
You're an idiot too, Bernie.
Okay, you're disgraced.
You're disgraced in the human race.
It's got nothing to do with right wing and left wing.
It's got to do with lies.
It's got to do with exploitation.
If we can get ratings from it, we don't give a crap what we say.
Okay.
I will pedal any kind of crap.
Just like Howard Beale said,
I don't care what anybody says.
The most important movie of my lifetime was Network.
I'm not saying it was the best movie,
but the most important movie because it was told,
it's 30 years before it happened.
It told exactly what this country was becoming.
A bunch of television fed and controlled and manipulated lemmings
who can be pedal any kind of crap.
And here's Bush standing over there in London yesterday talking about Woodrow Wilson.
Every time I see him, I think a Woodrow Wilson, don't you?
Sure.
All he's got to do is put on a pair of those glasses, man.
And I think, oh, look at that.
That's Woodrow Wilson, that professor at Princeton University.
Right.
Holy moly.
In fact, forget about those glasses.
How about the groucho glasses with the nose and the mustache?
That would be more appropriate.
Okay.
W.
That's more appropriate.
Jesus Christ.
And I'm sitting here on the ear on this bogus sports radio station
with a bunch of screaming meanies running around.
We haven't got the idea where their asses are being wiped today.
Oh, what are we going to do, Greg?
What are we going to do, a bunch of silly people?
And all of this crap is going on in the world.
And nobody can say, you're doing anything to stop it.
Or to get people angry enough to make somebody stop it.
If they were taking it, like, started to say,
$100 billion is going to be a lot more than that.
That they're mortgaging your kids and grandkids and great-grandkids' futures on.
If they were taking that money and fighting real terrorism,
the real evil doers, as he says with it.
If they were really going after Al Qaeda and wiping them out in Keshtosamo,
Yamama and Mula Polo Omar and Sodom and all these other grave robbers,
then would be accomplishing something.
Are they doing it?
No.
They're peeing your money down the toilet so they can put your kids at risk
and send them over there into a totally unjustified so-called war
and a rac attack.
While in the meantime, we're more vulnerable than ever,
because we've stirred up that horn.
It's nest.
So you have this thing in Istanbul again today.
And believe you, me, you ain't seen nothing yet.
I hate to say it, but we all know it's true.
Right.
Because they're everywhere.
Oh, we're going to go in.
We're going to root them out all that cowboy talk.
Remember that?
In the days after 9-11, all that bull-crap cowboy talk.
Dead or alive?
And we're going to root them out of their holes.
And like a bunch of snakes.
Oh, yeah.
And it was Rumsfeld talking about we're going to find them and they're sleeping.
And we don't want to go into too much graphic to tell.
But nobody's ever going to see them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All this coconut dagger made for TV bull-crap.
That's all you people peddled with.
Okay.
As far as making the American public safe, we're more dangerous now.
So all this business about, well, a rac attack and a rac can get rid of the sudden.
That's going to make us safer.
Guess what?
Bad move.
Bad idea.
Didn't work.
There's more than terrorist attacks going on now.
And keep in mind that a rac wasn't a hotbed of terrorism before we went in there in March.
No, he didn't.
No way.
No freaking way.
They had their own corrupt crap going on.
Just like we got here on corrupt crap.
And then we got assholes with, you know, just like that Dennis Leroy saw.
No, the one I played yesterday, the assholes on parades.
Right.
To buck three.
Assholes in the market.
Oh, yeah.
Well, now we find out the mutual fund.
Oh, yeah.
Air media is another scandal to find out.
Thought about a shell game.
Like on, at least on the prices right.
They have a little bit of fun.
Bob Barker, he yucks it up with a shell game.
But this is a shell game.
It's cost us all a lot of money.
There's even Wall Street is turning into a big fraud.
And here's Dumbel over there in Britain.
We will finish the job.
Yeah, finish this.
Okay, Schmuck.
1113 at 560 WQM.
If you're underpaid overworked, if your life isn't worth a dime.
If you're pissed off and fired up about it, you'd like to tell your boss, bye-bye.
Just like Mary Mellifant.
Here's the answer for you.
Call our good friends at Fast Train.
123-1-866-Train.
By the way, did I mention in the first hour that we're on the demo, we got the smoking gun now, baby.
Your history.
Even at Muscrats moving out of your house.
In fact, maybe that's what happened.
Maybe he got wind of it, you know.
Maybe that's real certainty.
Maybe that's why he had to wear that silly hat all week, lastly.
Because the Muscrat moved out.
Fast-tricking have you trained in Certified for a real high-paying computer and network professional career?
Or a high-paying medical computer specialist career in his little ass for easy months.
It's a piece of cake.
You heard correct.
You can be fully trained ready for a great high-paying new career and a short of time is four months.
They offer you a day, evening weekend classes.
Fast-trained offers, job placement, assistance, financial aid to people who qualify to.
What's not to like?
And they have four convenience outflow locations.
There's bound to be one convenient to where you live.
So change your life forever in a really positive way.
Check them out on the web first at fasttrained.com and make that call.
And please be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck with a capital D told you to call Fast Train.
It's 1-866-FAST-Train.
This is 420-0.6.
You AM.
Welcome back to the highly rated MoHOWERDA David at the show.
Putting to my hoves, propagation.
Okay, stupid. Where were we?
We were doing this.
No, wrong. You were doing that to me.
Oh, yeah. Sorry, Mo.
That's better.
All run day.
I didn't say you could say that.
Okay.
Or on day.
Now you.
Todd.
I wasn't talking about that.
Or on day gets me.
Not that's it.
Not on my watch, you both.
Or on day.
Hey, he's a brilliant.
What's with that kung fu grip?
Sorry, Mo.
And we got one of our three very important callers on the line here.
Let me give you a way. What do you want?
You want to give me one?
I just want to give you a hand.
Can I spend it out?
You can understand the goddamn thing you're saying.
What are you doing?
I'm playing with my very poker.
I'll hit dog.
Oh, that's quite understandable.
Why? I sometimes will.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, it's good.
Yeah.
Got me.
I don't know.
Almost there.
Say Or on day.
Or on day.
Or on day.
Face that.
Or on day.
Or on day.
Or on day.
Or on day.
Yeah.
Oh, little dog.
All right.
Look at that.
Look at it all over my way.
I'd ride.
1119-560-280 votes on a pool based on what you know.
There he is right now.
Kendall Confie is a-errackulating.
What they really try to do difficult is it seems-
Is to go by the book.
Yeah, go by this book.
Go by the good book.
The good book says,
pedophiles like Michael Jackson out have their balls cut off.
And that's what our pool says so far.
Based on what you know,
what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson?
144 say that's over 50% cut off his balls and use the skin to make his nose.
Give him a fair trial, 68.
Set him directly to jail 54.
Let him run for pubic office like Arnold 15.
Nothing.
He's a great superstar 3.
And deport him to Thailand 3 out of almost 300 votes.
I started to say moments ago.
Before I interrupted myself like I always do.
About the media.
Oh, and Michael and Lisa Marie.
And then of course the children and all these.
I mean, you know,
anybody with a brain knows that this fruit cake is a child molester.
Okay. And it wasn't doing anything with that Scientologist Lisa Marie.
Which the Scientologists are the biggest closet on the face of the globe.
And every fruit cake always runs to the church of Scientology for cover.
Right Tom Cruise am I right?
Yeah.
And John Revoltar.
I'm right.
Oh, he was fathering these children.
And he's an exemplary father.
Right. Right. Sure.
It's for him.
He's going to have an endless supply of little boys pretty soon.
Yeah, that's right.
Everybody knew it.
And it's just one of those things unsaid because of the fact that he's a star.
Well, who gives a crap? He's a star.
Or whether he's a priest.
People of molest children should be put away forever.
Okay. And not let out.
There's no such thing as a cure for pedophiles.
They need to be put away in some kind of a sanitarium and some kind of an island somewhere out in the middle of the Pacific.
Now Father Gagin's roommate found a cure.
Well, okay.
He could go out there and be the master.
He could be in charge of daily workouts.
When it don't work it out.
Whatever.
But this bullcrap would immediately like always be because they have to suck up to the superstars.
And it's out his new CD with all of his best of stuff.
His number one in England.
The first day was released.
Well, you know what?
Big deal. That'll do him a lot of good once he's in a can.
And all of these assholes.
This is a gira ghost guy.
And this mark gira ghost.
I just look at him and I want to puke.
They've got that smug look on his face.
You know what that mustache?
He just makes me gag.
And guess what?
He's going to be over for two on ease.
Because Scott Peterson, he's going to get convicted.
Am I right about that?
You bet.
Is there any doubt?
Absolutely not.
And the same is going to happen with Michael, Michael motorcycle because evidently they got the goods this time.
And we'll even bring back some of them servants from a world of LL Van Moost off the Asia somewhere.
He probably paid them off to get that all out of the country.
Am I getting worked up a little bit here?
I don't like it.
Here is dear field.
Hello.
Indian, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
I say drop Michael in a pit full of piranhas or general population of prison.
Yes?
Then I'd like to thank that color they call it yesterday with the election, the 2000 election on the Sunday's channel.
Right.
Because that show was awesome.
Oh, it's on.
I forgot all about it.
If you get that channel out there, if you're doing all the next time it's on, I'll copy it and send it to this nation.
That was awesome.
How to push us out there and everything.
It was just great.
But I'd like to thank him and see them there.
They had their hand in their fist and everything, believe me.
It was unbelievable the things they showed in that.
It was just great.
I hope somebody taped it.
Maybe I'll get a copy of it.
Well, if it's going to get up, I'll send it to the station for you.
Excellent.
Have a good day, Neil.
Thanks, Paul, you too.
56670560, pound 560.
Here we had a fixed election.
We got a bogus president, which Michael Moore is the only one who had the balls to say it in public.
A bogus administration, a bunch of Nazis who are taking away your liberties based on making everybody safe, which they're not because they're making a world of hell much more dangerous place while they're aggression.
And first it was 200 and then it was 300.
Now it's over 400.
Before it all be 500.
Then we'll be into the thousands because there's no end in set with this guerrilla war.
And they finally come in around to calling it that because that's exactly what it is.
We got a story on our website, and it's called, I think the heading on is Sodom Who?
About the fact that a lot of these guerrillas, they're just independently doing this.
This business about while Sodom is manipulating all this beyond the scene, Bullcrap.
They're loyalists, don't you?
He's running around trying to stay alive is what he's doing dressed up in his burqa or whatever it is.
He's probably running around in drag.
I bet he looks lovely with that Mustang.
Going to work at it in a burqa.
And he's a real jerqa in a burqa.
And keep in mind, he used to be our guy.
That's what I ought to be playing Mary Wells in my guy because that was Sodom, baby.
We loved his ass and the rest of one too bad either because he was the anti-Aiatola, the anti-Auronian guy.
He had the queer eye for the Arabian guy and so as a result, were it the ones that gave all of those weapons?
Were it the ones that supplied him with that poison gas that he guessed his own people with?
Oh no!
How can you say that because it's true?
And now here we are, we didn't find anything.
Nothing.
Thought a few empty trucks though.
Yeah, well that proves it.
Didn't that prove it?
There must have been something.
Some of the mobile trucks that he had with all of them chemical weapons in there, were there any weapons?
Nothing.
They couldn't even manufacture any.
That goes to sure how desperate they are.
They couldn't even manufacture anything.
And I mean, those inspectors, they must have all been a bunch of liars when they said they couldn't find a damn thing.
That there was nothing there.
They must have all been Hans Blix, you know them Swedes, don't you?
Never trust them.
They must have all been a bunch of freaking liars.
And 50% of the American public says this and 50% says that and we're still divided right down the middle.
In other words, nothing has changed.
The bushlickers man, you could take them and he could come on TV right now and London.
He could get up in the middle of tea with the queen.
It's about what is it?
About the 4th, 24th, 25th and half noon over there right now.
There probably have tea and crumpets and spotted dick over there.
That's going to be...
As Guggingham Palace, all of them queens getting together.
He could get up and go to the podium and say, I want to address the entire world and say, I'm a freaking liar.
Rumsfeld, Cheney, Wolfowitz, Richard Poole, all of these grave robbers.
They had us all planned ahead of time.
We had those Peanak meetings in the back in the early 90s after this was all planned ahead of time.
And Clintons spoiled our fun.
Interrupted it for eight years.
There were no weapons of mass destruction.
There was no evidence of any connection between Al-Qaeda and Sauna Hussein or anybody in Iraq.
There were no meetings with the Muhammad Akbar with any Iraqis and Czechoslovakia.
In fact, he was its outlaw at the time, by the way.
We now have proof of that.
And you know something?
It wouldn't change anything.
It's like they're rushed to the ditto heads.
Look at that, the same crap.
He now admits that he made these withdrawals of just under 10 grand over and over again in cash.
Very surreptitiously.
Why?
Because he needed the cash for his illegal drug deals.
That he was buying thousands and thousands in every single word that was in that original inquire and the sign of the follow-up which I read.
And both of those articles was right.
Was absolutely correct, sir.
But you'll never convince them.
Oh, he wouldn't do anything wrong.
He's no hypocrite.
Even though he was screaming in the yellow and pointing the finger to everybody else.
How all the drug people longed in jail.
They belonged behind bars.
And about what a bunch of scumbags they are.
And you know what? Look in the mirror.
Rush, you'll see the biggest scumbag of mall.
Fony baloney.
So when Al Franken said Rush Limbaugh is a big fat liar, amen to him.
And he said that before all this stuff with the drugs and the goddamn money laundering.
So let me forget that Al Franken book.
Oh, I won't.
20 set was George actually went out and bought one.
Wow.
Just because.
That is shocking.
Just because of the blotchy picture of Bill O'Reilly.
Yeah, we like that.
That's splotchy splotchy.
Right.
Splotchy Bill, I love it.
27 after 11 at 560 WQM.
If you're looking to replace that tired old worn out carpeting in your house,
let me tell you about Laminates or Rush.
The easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminates or Rush is the best place to find limited wood flooring from the top names in the binnest.
They got them all.
They got pergol, Wilson R. Perrador, Uniflor Quickstep.
And all of Laminates or Rush flooring is installed by people who really know their crap.
Pergol certified installers too.
Another reason to call them is their prices are so low they're unbeatable anywhere in the universe.
Right now get the false special from Laminates or Rush for just $1,495.
You heard right.
Just $1,495 gets you up to $295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring.
It is absolutely unbeatable.
And Laminates or Rush will match any legitimate written offer too.
If you'd like to get you a free and homestimate with positively no obligation,
just make the one easy call to Laminates or Rush toll free.
1, 877-773336.
Nothing could be simpler.
They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving a 25-year warranty.
And years and years of beautiful easy care, Laminate wood flooring.
Call them today toll free Laminates or Rush to them at Cranky Old Neal,
for you to call 1-877-773336.
My, I am local.
We are sports radio 560s.
You and you AM.
Is that all?
Yes.
Back in the day when someone done us wrong.
We didn't take their crap.
Emerald harbourer when the jabs dropped their bones.
We bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they are tired.
And on our cards are little flags waving.
As that Saudi Lavin retired, voice of bombers the wrong way.
And of embarrass to be in Americans, where they follow goals like sheeps.
The United States of arrogance, led by Bush and his family,
breathing at this country.
Up, ammoling toys, the darkest days in history.
I don't want to be a Pax America in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously,
ends up for to be.
And of embarrass to be in America,
where we take three odds at least,
with a flag in what has, with our head in the sand,
and blindly follow the powers that feed.
Appacetic.
Up, washing stage for news on a 65 inch screen.
Scratch your balls and pie, everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Let's wrap them up.
1134-26 till noon at 560 WQM, we got the mad dog at 2.
With the Humber at 4, Hurricane Hotline at Tony Romas at 7.
80K at 9 to 2.00, extra bonus hour,
2.00 Mark II to 5 at AM.
We asked on our birth pole today,
which we're gonna smit cannon about a half an hour.
Based on what you know,
what do you think should happen to Michael Jackson?
330 votes.
Cut off his balls, use the skin to remake his nose.
164, almost half.
Give him a fair trial, 79.
7 directly to jail, 62.
Let him run for public office like Arnold,
the Gropenfjör, 17.
Nothing, he's a great superstar, 5.
Right, of course, he gets a free passer, 2 or 3 or 4.
And the department of Thailand only 3, it's been stuck on 3.
Don't forget Miguel will be at the 5 to 7 at publics.
411 South-Eye Press Creek Road in Pompoville Beach,
with our national number, I beg your pardon?
Cypress Road.
Really is?
Yes.
Why I never heard of that, what is Cypress Road?
I thought it was Cypress Creek Road.
There is a Cypress Creek Road,
but this one's in Pompoville, which is Cypress Road.
Cypress Creek Road is also in Pompoville, dummy.
Okay.
Well, mix that part.
411 South Cypress Road in Pompoville.
Are you sure?
Are you positive?
Are you shocked?
Are you shocked at the Atlantic Boulevard?
East of 95.
That's the Cypress Creek Road.
No, it goes north and south.
Miguel is going to be in Pompoville Beach between 5 and 7.
Just where you went, I wrote, man.
Just look for him.
Spin the wheel for prizes to get the best meal merchandise
and our totalized at the moment is...
Yeah.
Is...
About 30 minutes.
Air Force fighter jets were scrambled
and the White House was briefly evacuated this morning
after birds.
This is my favorite, after birds.
Or possibly disturbances in the atmosphere,
tripped radar that keeps watch on restricted airspace
around the complex.
Tipping a headroom was seen standing nearby, tripping the radar.
And when she was tipping the radar.
Yeah.
Good old three headroom.
And you know who else was hanging out?
I give up.
Lim de Tripp.
It's a false radar target said William Schumann,
federal aviation spokesman,
when the NORAD fighters got to the location of the alleged violation
they found nothing.
Maybe it was a private domain.
The North American Aerospace maybe was a flying sausage.
The NORAD is the command center for the defense of the US and Canadian airspace.
Good luck to us.
Schumann said,
flots of birds, ramens, fairy disturbances,
might have caused the false radar reading,
which was initially thought to be a plane flying within five miles
of restricted airspace around the White House.
Not that we're panicking, you understand.
It's one of those electronic gremlins that pops up,
but there was no aircraft there.
He said it just popped up.
The president of course traveling in Britain at the moment at the time.
An evacuation began at about 9.20 this morning was called up within 20 minutes
at Secret Service spokesman John Gill.
No relation to former Maple Leaf defenseman Todd Gill.
It was deemed unnecessary or the defenseman Hal Gill.
It was deemed unnecessary when airspace violation was determined to be a radar anomaly, he said.
How do you like that?
You are a little bit panicky, and certainly we have tremendous confidence in the defenses of our country knowing.
No.
After 9.11 we saw what a tremendously quick job and effective job they did intercepting those hijacked the aircraft.
Speaking of Michael Jackson.
Yes.
Do you want me to fax you three pages of transcripts from Yuri Geller on with Dan Abrams last night?
Oh, okay.
Why would I want to see that?
Why didn't think so.
What was saying what?
He's an asshole buddy, isn't he?
What about you, right?
So what do we want to see that for?
When says it's pretty comical, I'm not going to read it.
No, I don't want it all that stuff.
Not in the mood for comical, man.
I'm in the mood for heavy duty, man.
Really, really, really heavy, heavy duty.
Not comical.
Christ almighty, we got...
Now somebody suggested one of our regular factions, so Glenn and Iowa, that we ought to make Michael the Pope.
Of course it looks like very soon we are going to be needing a holy five.
He qualifies?
No, he does not.
He's not cat lick, man.
He cannot be.
I wish he's not a 10.
He's just a freak.
He can be called a Catholic.
Now that you mentioned, he's just a freak, maybe he does qualify.
He wears funny hats.
Well, he were waiting.
We're still waiting for him to shredder.
Let's see, 838 in the morning out in LA.
So we're just keep we're keeping an IPO.
We got the protesters downtown Miami.
We got Michael coming on into surrender.
He's coming in from Vegas to LA to surrender, turn his ass over.
And just too many things going on all the same time.
And I'm really disappointed at this performance downtown.
There, there's not much of anything going on.
We want quiet peaceful.
That's where we want.
We want quiet and peaceful.
We don't want chaos down there, okay?
We don't want another Seattle after they have a half.
Now how many years ago was that?
Two years?
Like that.
Yeah.
After they had all that chaos, they're all sleepless in Seattle.
Oh.
That's what I'm hearing.
By the way, everybody should watch Fargo.
It's really pretty good.
And the funniest part of that whole deal is, what the hell did I do with it?
I don't know.
There's so many funny.
Oh, here it is.
Now the funniest part of the, no, the fact that we both watch the movie and you're
like, I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'm not sure if you're going to watch it.
I'll read when I'm ready.
I don't feel like jump to one command.
I got a lot of fish to fry here today.
You smell?
Fish.
OK, here's the second poll.
We're going to be doing it noon.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
We're going to be doing it noon.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
OK, here's the second poll.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, now, three things real quick.
Goldies, cheese, on that store board.
It looks like an alien.
Yeah.
If you're an alien.
Are you on?
Are you on?
Are you on?
Are you on?
Are you on?
Are you on?
Are you on?
Are you on?
Are you on?
Are you on?
Are you on?
And I'm getting too old to remember.
Yeah.
Did you see the history channel thing?
I want to go on the triangle assassination on Kennedy
and where they said it was the French.
It was the French mob hired.
And all the facts that they had based upon that there were three shooters, including the
grants in all.
Right.
I have seen it.
I've seen it.
But yeah, it's that receives zero publicity.
And every time it's changed the channel, their speed are done with the computer imaging that is going to disprove all the conspiracy theory.
Right.
Right.
I'm just nauseated.
Well, these are the same media people that would have us believe that this president has a brain.
So what do you expect?
There is no pudding there.
There is none whatsoever.
And in closing now, we're good.
Okay.
566-105-60.
Panthers look pretty weak last night.
There was nobody there for the honor game.
How many people were there?
About 30 men.
And most of them was, you know, Rick put the dudden doubly, keep that in mind.
Lisa, the rumor is here in Toronto that my keen in is waiting in the Wings replaced Pat Quinn was going to get the Schmidt Gantt
if Lisa playing crappy, which they are.
Bye-bye Pat.
He just salami sandwiched on a way out and go back to where you came from.
You're a good guy, but you ran your course.
Well, what is there a problem with the phones?
Because I know it's Miguel out of the room again, is he like off to the races there.
They're just, he puts them on hold and they hang up just to the...
No, they haven't been on hold.
Don't start making up stories.
I'm sitting here. I'm looking into things.
I've got 8,000 lines flashing frantically.
Line 12 just rang, which I'm sure it must have been normal.
Yes, it was.
And saying what?
That he's been working on things.
He's been working on it.
Yeah, I want to say he's been working on things.
I can't say I can't describe what they are on the year here.
You call that a penis?
But that's beside the point, you know?
So he's working on it.
Oh, yeah, he's working on it.
Work on this.
Let's take a call from Carl Springs.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing now?
Pretty good, sir.
I actually had a quick comment about the Michael Jackson thing.
George had mentioned that he's been keeping his nose in a box.
And I think if that were the case, then he would not have all this problem with little boys.
Well, Mama told him to keep his nose clean.
Hopefully he could get that the good news.
Okay, whatever you have to hear another thing.
Five say this is really sad.
We're going to have another pool with no input from the audience, just like yesterday.
We had a lot of almost a thousand votes on it, but they got no ideas.
What famous living person would you like to be a role model for your son?
If you had one, I don't think that's a tough question.
No.
I mean, Michael Jackson, John Wayne Gacy, Adolf Hitler, you know, a living people.
There must be somebody that they admire.
Somebody that looks up to beside just Bubba.
How about you?
Oh, no, no, no, please.
Please spare me the pain.
I'll let Bubba look and save that for that early morning show while it's still on the year.
Oh, you know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Where what?
You would get a lot of votes.
Okay, put me on here.
Okay, put me a Rogers on here too.
Okay, great.
I mean, I wouldn't vote for it.
I don't go for that licky, licky kissy, kissy kissy.
Grab that, just silly, okay.
Oh, they want him to be like me.
Fat old fag, right?
Making a lot of money.
Sure.
With a big mouth.
With his diabetes.
You know, I'm not putting up that.
I can think of a lot of people I'd rather be than me.
What would I be?
What was that?
I don't know.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
I'm not putting up that.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
He's close to a lot.
Oh, that was pathetic.
I watched quite a bit of that.
That was sad.
You don't go down anymore?
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down.
560.
560.
560.
560.
560.
560.
560.
560.
560.
560.
He's a guy called from Fort Lauderdale.
I'm a tailor.
OK.
Like I said, I can see that down Frankenboaks coming soon.
A rat.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
He needs.
Yes, sir.
I think Michael Jackson will get off because he has a lot of money to get to pay the lawyers.
Yes.
And I don't think that they will do much to him because he has some money.
What's your take on that?
What's my take?
I think you may have a good point.
It's a 12-odd pass.
When he got off the first time, well, of course, it never actually went to court the first time because he paid them off.
And he might raise the ante a little bit and the family might say,
well, you know something, we're really enjoying our time here in South America.
And you've got a really good point.
And we don't want to like interfere.
And plus, you're under so much stress and busy looking for your nose and all these other things.
And plus, it's obvious you're such a good father holding that little baby over the railing there in Germany.
We don't want to like interfere with your life.
I know you mentioned he doesn't have as much money as he used to, but how much you reckon he's, he can scrounge up if he had to.
But third man!
Hey, listen, you don't have to scrounge up a fortune to get some here.
Chuck Alfie here in Fort Lauderdale's got the best looking hair going anywhere that natural hair line system, man.
That's right, Charlie produces sensational results because he doesn't give you like some mousey looking muskrat that looks like a farm animal diet on your head.
He doesn't drill holes in your head with like some kind of a pneumatic drill with the blood just dripping down your forehead like Mr. Ego.
He doesn't give you like dangerous pills that already propage you off.
What he does is give you that natural hair line system that looks like the real thing like air, like it's going out of your scalp.
That's the difference.
And you got nothing loose, but you're shiny and nasty ugly bald spot that makes you look so much older because you wear the system for 30 days and everybody gets Charlie's famous guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting laid like at least 40, 50, 60 times a week, Charlie give you your money back no problem at all.
And when you call Charles Alfie, or you're mentioning the oranges, you're getting an extra 200 bucks off the already reasonable price.
Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems while you wait only 25 to 30 bucks.
And for everybody except Moe can usually make it look better too.
Rondeo Moe, you're dead meat.
Here's the toll free number to call to get your hair back from Chuck Alfie Erie.
1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or on his world flaming website, check them out at Charles Alfie Erie.com.
5-6-5-60.
The rain news on yours now.
Chewie!
Are you sure?
Oh!
As you believe in it, George Bush is a liar.
The song is something that'll never get on the channel.
George Bush is a liar.
The traitor and the nitty-nitty in a criminal piece is sh**.
George Bush is a liar.
On my team is 5-60 WQM.
Roger Friedman who actually writes some pretty interesting stuff even though he's on Fox News.
It says, forget all these stories that Mark Garagos was hired to represent Michael Jackson just yesterday or the day before.
Were we all born yesterday?
George Garagos has been the case since last March.
That's right he says Jackson is known for most of the year even if he didn't want to acknowledge it that trouble was brewing at Neverland.
The child who was now the subject of this molestation allocation began to raise questions about their relationship late last winter.
Jackson who is not completely out of touch with reality, respotted by bringing in an expert defender.
Jackson's camp I'm told is more than ready to do battle with his accuser than his family.
I'm told that the mother of the child involved will be held up to severe scrutiny.
In fact Jackson's side will likely argue that when he tried to break off his involvement with the helping the boy and his family financially, the mother became and I'm quoting a Jackson insider a scorned woman.
She's very screwed up said one source.
There's videotape of her acting weird too and Michael was very kind to her even getting an apartment for her boyfriend.
But the argument will be that when this woman who is financially so dependent that she claimed to have lived in a barn, with told by Jackson's people that the party was over, she ran to a lorry to see what she could get out of it.
But as I wrote in this space yesterday, a lot of the evidence in the Jackson case will come down to videotape and there's lots of it too, some which may show the boy and his family singing the praise of Jackson, defending and explaining his odd lifestyle.
If so, they'll be hard pressed to explain their own behavior now.
For example, in one interview last the winner, the mother of the boy told a reporter, Michael asked pet names for all of my children and one of them even calls him daddy.
He's the father they never had. She said all her children were hoping to spend a lot more time with them in the future.
The sudden change in Jackson's schedule, by the way, throws a monkey wrench in his promotional plans for his new greatest hits album.
Throws a monkey wrench.
All right!
Michael and his aunt are on a rudge for three days away from leaving for Paris and Berlin where enthusiastic fans would have greeted him.
Here in the U.S., the album is not so far made any of the early top ten of the week list at major retailers like Tower, Virgin or HMV.
Oh yeah, Yuri Geller.
Yuri Geller.
What?
Coson for too long.
Here's a chronic fact she says, how about who wouldn't want their kid to grow up like mad dog?
I think that's a good choice, right?
Let's get you mad at you on air right away.
Oh, right.
You're gonna go mad, huh?
Way ahead of you.
Are you ahead of me?
Well, let's see, Michael Moore, that's who I voted for, 18.
He2Man.
Michael Moore's got 18.
Bubba's on his ass with 16.
I got 12.
I got a dozen.
Howard Dean 11.
George W. Bush 8.
And Jim Mandage 4.
Out of 69 votes.
We'll take a few calls, but I got to read that thing from the Al Franken book because the calls are degenerated and the usual swill.
We had a few good calls today.
We did end that song.
And we had that great song.
Here's top and oh, hello.
Hello, Newt.
Yes, sir.
You know, Newt, uh, Miriam Oliver's got his gun, right?
But I've had any money, but he likes you and still's got to be messed up.
Based on what?
Because, uh, she doesn't do the counting.
You know what I'm saying?
Those people are still gonna be there.
Uh-huh.
So the elections are still gonna be messed up, buddy.
And you have a nice thing.
Oh, okay, great.
Okay.
Mm-hmm.
A dark, complex guy who thinks that Miriam Oliver's gonna be all the way.
She's incompetent, baby.
Ed competent, non-copus penis, okay?
Incomponent.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the out here at T.
She ain't even circumuspect.
And it's Michael Jackson thing, man.
You think here we got innocent people dying all over the world.
And they're all still hopped up with Michael, Michael motorcycle on and on it goes.
And here's the, see, this comment that's on there now.
What parent would allow their child their Jackson?
I agree, hardly with that.
Maybe one that's looking for a big payoff, you think?
Maybe.
Like that bitch on her elbow that day.
I'll never forget it back in the early 90s when all that other stuff was going on the first time.
Oh, I'd be proud to have my son molested by Michael Jackson.
See, if she just awaited a couple of years, she could have been on with Jerry Springer instead.
Here's a call from Plantation.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
This is a big, I love talking.
Yes, sir.
And I know you love confites, too.
Yeah.
And you've got to allow the confites.
Yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Line.
Oh, but Neil, you should be here and solve Florida with us.
No thanks.
I was there for a week.
That was enough.
I'll see you again sometime.
I mean, it is just scary.
It is just pathetic.
You know, you know what I'm talking about.
There is nothing that's ever going to change.
You can bet the norms life on it.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Janet Reno.
Oh.
Is line one working?
No.
See, the line's lit up there.
It hasn't worked all day today.
And that's what's throwing us off of our pointed rounds here.
It ain't working.
The light was lit up.
So I guess fix it's got making it appear.
He's giving us like the old beaten swish.
You think it's working and it doesn't ring.
You wonder what's going on?
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I would want my son to grow up.
Can't hear you, man.
Don't whisper.
Don't whisper.
Goor Vidal.
Okay.
Good choice.
Thank you.
Okay.
You have to whisper.
I'd be screaming at from the rooftops.
I like that choice.
Goor Vidal.
Brilliant, man.
A fact.
Brilliant guy.
Fat.
A lot of money.
He didn't do a lot of money.
Although he claims he never got any of it.
He never had a dime of that.
What?
Is he nice to his mom like you are?
Probably.
He's probably a pushing of daisies.
Here's a call from Pompo-no.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I just wonder to let you know that it's good that we can still demonstrate in Florida or
in the United States.
Laws is in the compound.
Yeah.
Channel 4.
I don't think they ever saw a bad cop in their life.
What a display.
The other thing I wanted to say today was.
Did you hear that Brian Orcross?
And the whole Channel 4 staff loves their pork.
They must.
I must.
Did you see Larry King last night?
I sure as hell didn't.
That's why I'm going to give you a good night.
I like the Monallic saying to him and said he must have been a beautiful baby.
Oh, you kidding me?
Well, I'm going to give you a good preview.
What a preview.
Oh, brother.
I'm thinking on the marriage.
You know, the family being destroyed.
What do you think about the unwed mothers?
Do you think they're helping the marriage situation or not?
They're doing a beautiful job and at 50 or 60% of horse rates doing it to men.
Is that so?
Did you have a great day?
I've been doing this a long time.
Yeah, I know you've been doing it.
It's sucking asses of what you've been doing a long time, Larry.
You know what I'm saying?
I know how to do a torture.
Get lost.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60.
Lies of Manila.
I can't believe he didn't have another Michael panel on last night.
He did that on Tuesday night.
I'm sure it wasn't even warm out of the box yet.
He already had all those talking heads and here's Nancy Grayson.
Oh, geez.
I'm serious.
It's just a hankin' I were talking about when I was down there on Friday.
The Humper and I had quite a discussion about Larry reminiscing about what a scumbag he was then,
how he never paid anybody back.
And Hanks said he ran into him.
I think in Vegas or somewhere, and he asked him, he said,
well, you're ever going to make good with all those people in Florida?
Ah, that was in a different lifetime.
Is that a good excuse?
You guys make it like probably a 30, 40 million a year and his line is,
oh, that was in a different lifetime.
All the people he ripped off and scanned and sold to him.
That was somebody called Larry.
You scumbag.
No wonder you have dinner with the rumor.
Well, at least probably Larry buys anyway.
27 past noon.
And don't start on the rumors again, okay?
Hmm, not me.
I might need another doctor someday.
Maybe they might even find a good one, but I know it.
Hey, big news.
Halopontiac GMC has just been voted the number one Pontiac GMC dealer-in-date
county and customer satisfaction.
Tom Laman and Joe Prierter and all the good folks at Halopontiac
want to say, thank you very much for all your support for 35 long, amazing years.
Stop by Haloport right now.
Check out the Pontiac vibe that normally retails for over 20 grand.
But at Haloport right now, you can save a lot of cash by fully loaded for just 16, 5 plus tax and tag.
And as always, Haloport is your truck headquarters over 300 to choose from, including the Yukon,
Yukon XL, and coming very soon to Halopontiac, the brand new Onvoix UV, the most unique SUV on the market anywhere.
And as always, for months and months now, they've got those great neal deals every day of your life.
At Halopontiac GMC, you'll find them in that same fantastic location where they've been doing it right.
134-01 South Fixi Highway, US-1 across from the falls.
By the way, you won't see what's his name there from Fargo.
Oh, Steve Bishamie?
No, the car dealer.
Oh, I forgot his name.
The star in a movie.
What do you make, Paisley?
William H. Bishmendrick.
Anyway, Haloportiac's open every day, seven days, quick, for more information called the nearogies, neal deal hotline,
toll free at 1-885-344-2-11.
He's going to have to check the plate numbers right now.
See if any case is available.
That's 1-885-344-2-11.
Keep in mind all neal deals, up to credit approval.
See the kind, friendly, wonderful folks at HaloportiTales.
Halopontiac GMC, you'll agree with me.
They really are professional great.
We're supporting you, Paisley.
You A.M.
Take the bat, date, with sniffing rules.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va, bouncing off the walls in a rehab group.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
I'm known from God, hateful and rotten.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
Snorting and popping in eagle-like cards in.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
Flimp on.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
Flimp on.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
Flimp on.
Flimp on.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
I hadn't picked any of my friends.
And it picked any.
It's done.
He makes you work with me.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
Under the rug is where the stories go in.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
Damage controls so they can fit in holding.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
Flimp on.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
Flimp on.
He do the rust-ruggle-in-va.
All right.
Tell me if you got me with a little chicken breast in my mouth.
How do you like that?
A breast in your mouth.
Tell me with a little breast in my mouth.
There ain't nothing like a chicken breast, you know?
I had something this morning.
No carbs.
No fat.
This is low fat.
Remember low fat?
Low fat.
I'm going to do the reading because there are a lot of calls on there.
But generally speaking, they've degenerated really, really bad.
The audience is out of material.
And they're not going to give us any more suggestions for my poll,
which pisses me off.
But that's okay.
Like line 9 and Dallas, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'd call to give you a suggestion for your poll there.
Just like I just couldn't be great.
Somebody with a little bit of intellect.
How about Noam Chomsky?
Noam Chomsky.
I thought Fadal was a great name to put on there, too.
Right. Noam Chomsky is fantastic.
I wish more young Americans would aspire to more intellect and...
Have a brain.
I think he's a more knuckle-dagger than anybody else on the block.
Right.
Charlie Manson would be another good one.
He's still alive, Amy.
He's still alive.
That's the bad news.
Okay, pal, put where you're at.
5670560.
Oh, and speaking of knuckle-dragers, did you see the thing on CBS News last night?
The videos now that these punks are making these gangs?
Which ones?
We're to beat the crap out of people and...
Oh, yeah.
Every period of people in those days.
They've got a whole series of those old weekends, CBS Evening News.
And you just say to yourself, what?
Yeah.
What?
See, I don't care how...
This is all this business about while they see all this violence on television and the...
All of this other crap.
I'm sorry.
If you have an IQ larger than your thumbnail, you realize that that's...
No say per misaki.
You know what I'm saying?
Just ain't done, right?
Same people don't beat the crap out of each other just for fun and games.
All this is great.
Somebody just facts this in from the New York Times.
Lawmakers approve expansion of the FBI's anti-terrorism powers.
That sounds like a real winner, don't it?
Sure.
Congressional negotiators of who the media said it was sending FBI's counterterrorism powers
despite concerns from some lawmakers who said the measure gave the government too much authority
and that the public had been shut out of the debate as usual.
The measure gives the FBI greater authority to demand records from businesses in terrorism cases
without the approval of a judge or a grand jury.
While banks credit unions and other financial institutions are currently subject to such demands,
the measure expands the list so it will include card dealers.
I will look out again where you may see.
Pond brokers, travel agents, casinos, and other vines.
Well, that's great.
As your freedoms continue going down the toilet and the people out there going,
I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know, I'm going to say, you know,
23 to 1, OK, and the great Al Franken book, New York Times number one,
Vesteller Lies and the Lying Lies who tell them a fair imbalance look at the right.
Chapter 14, Hannity and Combs, Combs and very small print, and it always is in this book.
As we said before, there's no better exemplar of the Fox News channels, Credo,
than it's leading left-right debate show Hannity and Combs.
According to Rice Limbo, Hannity's vigor and clarity inspires.
As hard as Team Franken tried, they couldn't find a similarly glowing quote from anyone about Combs,
but I told them to keep looking and hopefully have one for the paperback edition.
To give you some idea of the Show's Fair balance, I picked a representative episode of the broadcast
immediately following President Bush's 2003 State of the Union address.
The point counterpoint pretty much broke down like this.
This is a big vision. This is a bold agenda versus President Bush did a magnificent job.
Quick, which one of the critical sentiments was expressed by a liberal?
If you guessed magnificent job, you're a winner. And you know who it's also a winner? Fair and Balance News coverage.
The Show's first guest at Dayformer Reagan's speech writer Peggy Noonan,
was struck with how like Churchill Bush seemed imbued with a special destiny.
Hannity gushed. There were two lines that we just played that I really loved in the speech.
That we will not ignore, we will not pass along our problems to other Congresses,
other presidents, other generations, we'll focus on them with clarity and courage.
Noonan, we will do it now. We won't pass off to anyone else.
We'll do it now. I think do it now is a strong kind of sub-theme in the whole speech.
I got to tell you this was a big and powerful and important speech.
Lost in all the talk about not passing problems off to future generations,
was the fact that Bush was passing off to future generations. They projected 10-year deficit of $1.8 trillion
on top of the existing $6.4 trillion national debt,
since then the projected 10-year deficit has risen to $4 trillion.
That might have been something for Combs representing the Liberal side to comment on.
Instead, he asked Peggy if there were any great lines in the speech that might live on in the public memory.
Thanks for meeting the Barricades, Alan.
Combs rhetoric may not be fiery, but at least there's not much of it.
In the State of the Union show, Team Franken did a little rudimentary content analysis.
They counted how many words Hannity said, and then counted how many words Combs said.
Then we compared them. Hannity, 2086, Combs, 1261.
And the letters, the letters and numbers in teeny tiny print for Combs.
It makes sense that Sean Hannity is the alpha male to Alan Combs' data male after all Hannity got to pick his little partner himself.
Roger Ailes, who has a real eye for talent, personally chose the Teleganic, soon to be super star Hannity,
to head up a show in prime time on his newly created Fox News channel.
According to the New York Times, the show's working title was Hannity and Liberal to be determined.
After Hannity, the self-described arts conservative chose Combs, the former stand-up comedian and self-described moderate,
I'm quite moderate to a USA Today reporter, Combs and his lawyer demanded that the name of the show be changed,
it would be the last argument Combs would ever win.
When I first met Hannity, I had no idea who the hell he was.
It was 1996 in a green room at Fox News.
I had just finished my first appearance on the factor to promote Rush Limbaugh as a big fat idiot,
and was about to pick up my coat when I was confronted by what appeared to be an angry Irish ape man.
Hannity didn't like the title of my book.
I don't believe in making Adhaanam, Adhaanam attacks, he said,
thrusting his John a characteristic display of semi-integration.
Oh, that's why I titled it Rush Limbaugh as a big fat idiot.
It's an ironic comment and the fact that Rush makes Adhaanam attacks all the time, you see?
Evidently not.
I've never heard of making Adhaanam attacks, said Hannity,
as I would later learn this wasn't keeping with Sean's season ability to lie and believe it or at least just lie.
Really, how about what he called Chelsea Clinton the White House dog, would that qualify?
This was a very famous incident on Rush's TV show in 1993,
shortly after Clinton took office in years before Buddy joined the First Family.
The show put up a picture of socks the cat.
Did you know that the Clintons not only have a White House cat rush said poorly,
but they also have a White House dog.
Then on screen came a picture of 13-year-old Chelsea.
Sean was ready for that one.
That was a mistake, a technician accidentally put up the wrong picture.
Really okay then tell me what was the joke?
The Clintons not only have a White House cat picture of socks,
they also have a White House dog.
What's the joke?
What picture was supposed to come up?
Alan Cromes was standing nearby.
You know he's got a point Sean, there's no joke without the picture of Chelsea.
But Sean would have none of it.
It was a mistake, a technician put up the wrong picture.
That's what Rush said and I believe Rush.
Okay, let me ask you this, it was a taped show, taped hours before it aired.
It was a technical mistake, why didn't they fix it with the correct picture,
whatever that possibly could have been.
Sean kept arguing his indefensible positions that are just giving up admitting
that his pal Rush had crossed the line, at least in that one instance.
After a couple of trips around the bar and IQ Sean of intellectual dishonesty.
Intellectual dishonesty he shot back, how about the Democrats and Gingrich
watched the God Medicare spending?
You're changing the subject Sean, when actually it's a 7% increase in spending, increase.
Right, look you could just admit that Rush deliberately insulted the 13 year.
I mean talk about intellectual dishonesty.
For some reason that sent me off and long before we were screaming at each other.
I had never in my life hated a person more than I hated Sean hand in the at that moment.
Finally Cromes broke us up and I left shaking my head wondering who was that asshole.
This is Sports 20 and Flight City, QAM.
Origins, dumb as dirt.
I saw Jesus, all asleep, all over the place.
I saw Him, all my pop-up toes, they're in the seat feet of my car.
All my friends think of us and let the redneck bar hold us all clean.
I saw Jesus, all asleep, all alone.
I saw Him in my shaving green, so I left it on my face.
When I went to work I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the screen.
Driving home, I was all alone thinking someone's way of tricks on me.
But in the rear view mirror I could see Jesus staring back at me.
All right, I saw Jesus, all asleep, all asleep, all alone.
I saw Him, all my pop-up toes, they're in the seat feet of my car.
All my friends think of us and let the redneck bar hold us all clean.
I saw Jesus, all asleep, all alone.
I saw Jesus, all asleep, all alone.
I saw Him, all the side of the top, the window, that on my car.
I saw Him in a bowl of sink, getting in the side of the fucker's car.
Yes, I saw Jesus, all asleep, all alone.
Everybody, I saw Jesus, all asleep, all alone.
I saw Him, all my pop-up toes, they're in the seat feet of my car.
All my friends think of us, down into redneck bar,
I saw Jesus, all asleep, all alone.
There he is again, in Prop 48 at 560 W2M.
Who would, what famous person living today?
Would you like your son to emulate to be a role model?
Michael Moore 33, Bill Clinton 32, Jim Manditz 23,
Pastor Eli Arbor Stan Still, Neil Rogers 20, Howard Dean 14,
George W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W.
Corvette Alpha, and Noam Chomsky's not on it,
because it's probably you and Eric Dona had a spell on it.
Oh, I thought it was a joke name.
Noam Chomsky was a joke name.
I don't know who that is.
Like that, one of the brilliant authors of our time.
Oh, yeah. One of the brilliant liberal minds of our time.
Noam, NOAM, CHOMSKY, Noam Chomsky.
Get with it. Go read something.
Perhaps let me read it too.
Anyway, going on here in the Al Franken book.
He says, fast forwards seven years,
and that asshole, meaning Sean Hannity.
Now has the second most popular radio talk show in America,
right after the guy who made the Chelsea joke.
Eight million listeners regularly sharpen their minds on the
wet stone of his rough sturdy tongue.
One of those listeners emailed me a couple of months ago.
Hannity, it seems, had told a story of our green room practice.
Only he embellished a little.
According to Sean, I had been escorted out by Fox Security.
Another lie from Sean Hannity.
Or was it? It occurred to me that I had been escorted out by Choms.
In addition to being Sean's liberal-on-air punching bag,
maybe just maybe, Choms also worked security detail the Fox.
In fact, now that I thought about it as the only liberal-with-fox,
comes probably a lot of other odd jobs around the network.
As it turns out, I was right.
In the odd jobs chapter in Ellen's new autobiography,
Back to You, Sean, the Ellen Com's Story,
we learn that Com's duties as co-host of Hannity and Com's include,
adding toner to the copiers and printers,
Luther, Aing, Roger Ailes, and his personal steam room,
and ordering Chinese food for editors working on misleading video packages.
A scrupulous removal of Lint from Sean's jacket using Ellen's trusty Lint ruler,
and at showtime, another fabulous show.
And afterward, Hannity may be headed home,
but Ellen Com's days just begin.
Hello.
How you doing?
Morning. It's lonely being the only liberal-with-fox,
but Ellen doesn't mind.
There's so much satisfaction to be had,
not just from occasionally getting a word and edgewise on his own show,
but from Herring Roger Ailes' chuckle,
when he sees the little paper stir-breeding,
hand-atized for your protection,
that the former comedian carefully placed across the seat of the toilet
in his private bathroom.
If you haven't heard of Com's book,
it may be because it's been overshadowed by Hannity's own page turner,
the New York Times bestseller Let Freedom Ring.
The book lays out the conservative party line on everything from A to Z,
where A is for abortion and Z for his applied side's economics.
Amazon.com, reviewer Ronald O'Handalski of Huntfield, Texas,
gives the book Five Stars and calls Sean the new conservative genius.
In his review he goes on,
don't listen to those other jerks who are only waiting the book with one start
to bring down the average.
Whether or not Let Freedom Ring deserves one star or five depends very much
on how one judges books.
If one relies on the uninformed or old Andalski approach, a five it is.
However, Team Franken used a more sophisticated approach.
We ask questions like,
is what the book says true?
And how could Hannity be so incredibly obnoxious?
And why would any sane person buy this book?
To arrive at our rating, Team Franken waited the first question,
is what the book says true, 85% more heavily than the other two questions combined.
This may seem unfair to Mr. Hannity,
who's will demonstrate below,
doesn't understand percentages.
You think according to our waiting system,
we'd start with the lies,
but instead for reasons too technical to be explained here,
I'll just start with the incredibly obnoxious stuff.
Here's a doozy.
Page is 145 to 6.
Hannity's ranting about the absolute abomination that is the New York City public school system,
after rattling off some grim statistics about test scores, he says,
city and state education officials didn't seem to have a clue about what was going wrong.
Is it teaching as state education commissioner Richard Mills?
Is it teaching practice?
Is it the material?
Is it the students work students are doing?
What are they reading?
What are they writing?
What kind of math problems are they doing?
What are these people doing with our tax dollars if they don't even know the answers to these questions?
You should know dear reader,
as I read these right-wing books often scroll notes in the margins
by reach this particularly nugget I wrote,
rhetorical question asshole.
It sure seemed like Mr. Mills was dramatically illustrating his commitment to examining every aspect
of the state's educational system in his quest for excellence in higher standards,
and that Hannity full of content for both his readers and the truth
was twisting this good man's words into a new civilized.
In fairness, however, I went back to the article Hannity was quoting the examin' Mr. Mills' words for myself,
was he as Hannity implied, bumbling around, hoping that someone would tell him what he as kids in school were doing all day?
I'll report you to side.
Here's how Mr. Mills starts.
When you look at schools in relation to the accountability system,
New York City schools have a long way to go.
Now for a little context,
Richard Mills was the person who had created that accountability system.
In fact, just the year before Mills had been presented with a prestigious corning award for excellence
because among other things he had set tough new academic standards
and required rigorous testing of all students of progress.
The difficulty of the test of Mills himself had imposed head-led to low test scores handed he cited back to the article.
There is no simple fix he said, I would peel the onion, I would ask questions about all the fundamentals that go on in school.
And that's where Hannity started quoting him when Mills started asking questions about all the fundamentals.
So when Mills asked, is it teaching what are they reading he didn't mean literally?
He was using what's called a rhetorical device.
But you knew that Sean, and you saw presented it as if the man had no clue what was going on in the schools.
You see why that's obnoxious and not just obnoxious but also dishonest and frankly, stupid.
Let's do another one.
During one of his endearing, libel-bashing jags handed these bits out,
they tell us that fuel burning SUVs are bad for America but flag-burning SOBs aren't.
While Sean fuel-burning SUVs burn fuel,
and there are about 50 million of them, they contribute to global warming and are dependent on oil from countries like Saudi Arabia,
which fund the very terrorism you profess to be so upset about.
Flag burning on the other hand is relatively rare.
And what's more, Saudi Arabia does not produce American flags.
Most American flags are made in Taiwan, a staunch ally.
Here's another ridiculous thing he says,
in keeping with his uncompromising stance against terrorism,
Hannity takes a tough principle stand against John Walker-Lind, the American Taliban.
I'm with Hannity when he calls Lind to trade it, but where he works me is when he uses Lind of a line in an entire country.
No one man can represent a country, no one man can represent an entire county unless that county is Climax County, Montana,
which does indeed have a single resident, Gerald Wagner of County Road 1.
Here's Hannity.
Named after John Lind and John Lind was born in Marin County, a wealthy liberal suburb of San Francisco.
He grew up in a veritable ideological disneyland of moral relativism, political correctness,
and not too subtle anti-American multiculturalism.
The kind that preaches that America is a racist, sexist, bigoted imperialistic homophobic,
and thus fundamentally evil and oppressive nation.
It's a wonder then where in produced only one American Taliban and not thousands, isn't it?
We're lucky I'll cut it in establish a training camp right there in Sosolito.
Hannity keeps hacking away.
He grew up feeding his mind on the autobiography of Malcolm X, not Moses or Peter or Paul.
In time, Lind converted from anything goes liberal agnosticism to hardcore Middle Eastern or radical Islam.
Before reading this, I had never considered the direct line between liberal agnosticism and hardcore radical Islam,
but Hannity has a strong case.
So many of my liberal agnostic women, friends from college, gradually relinquished their freedoms,
and decided to spend the rest of their lives in Chadoras avoiding the gaze of men.
In contrast, the Linds depraved childhood and environment, Hannity trumpets his long-eiled and childhoodly protective embrace of the Catholic Church.
Gee, nothing weird happened to cue little boys in the Catholic Church, Aishan?
Nothing that would explain your bizarre fixation with our nation's homosexuals.
Throughout Left Freedom Ring, I met the haptroods about tax policy and the problem about national security,
we find page upon page of denunciation of homosexuals, homosexuality, and homosexual practices,
including believe it or not on page 158, a graphic description of what he calls...
Fisting!
Why in local?
Your sports radio 560, you ain't...
You AM!
I am bonus bother of, since fearless neither has one Natasha, and I know long to have to look for a motion squirt.
Instead, we listen to the near-roger's fair and balanced one to two-hour!
Let me tell you about a way, you can take your prostate.
It's a lot of open times and gates, this thing will not go away.
How it's gone and I don't know much, a call to to Christopher Loan.
Ain't nothing like a voice found hope, this thing will not go away.
Welcome!
Fisting!
Fisting fans, yet for others as it's great, yeah, this thing.
Fisting!
Fisting!
Fisting!
Another way!
A power!
Spread wide!
Spread wide!
Spread wide!
Watch the movie!
Move the TV!
The rust and wrath!
Yeah, this thing will not go away.
Fisting is the latest thing, but yet no self-impassal means.
Ooh, thank you!
Those help or rides can be.
This thing will not go away.
You're talking people seem to like.
Who knows you may be the thorns,
Do the widening inside.
This thing will not go away.
Yeah, this thing will not go away.
Fisting fans, yet for others as it's great, yeah, this thing.
Fisting fans, yet for others as it's great, yeah, this thing.
And this is the one we've followed.
Spread wide!
Spread wide!
Spread wide!
Spread wide!
102 at 5.60 WTM.
177 votes out of poll.
What famous living person would you like to see as a role model for your son if you had a son?
Bill Clinton 42.
Michael Moore 37.
Jim Mandage 36.
Oh, right!
Yours truly 27.
Howardine, what is that 18?
George W. Bush 14, Gervet Dahl 6.
Tim Robbins 1, he just went on air.
No, I'm Chomsky, you don't have any cause like George, I have no idea who that is.
He said.
Pretty sad.
Anyway, getting back to Al Frecken, I've shown Hannity that I'm not just right with a piece of turd on Fox News.
Yeah, you left off on not a fisting.
Yes, it did.
How appropriate.
Speaking of formative experiences, he says Hannity tells us about one of his great early inspirations.
On page 43, he outlines the life story of his embeiled hero.
He's talking about how his champion was keyed into the gravity of the terrorist threat, even back in the 80s.
He says.
Olly North decorated for courage and bravery in Vietnam with a silver star, the bronze star, two purple hearts and three navy accommodation medals, helped plan the Reagan administration's liberation of Grenada.
He helped plan the raid against Libya, and response to repeated rounds of Libyan terrorism.
He helped the President wage a relentless campaign for freedom and democracy in Central America.
And for his efforts, Olly and his family were not heralded as American heroes.
They were targeted first by Libyan terrorists and then by liberal Democrats.
On page 263, he tells the full story.
Olly North decorated for courage and bravery in Vietnam with a silver star, the bronze star, two purple hearts and three navy accommodation medals was also keyed into the gravity of the terrorist threat.
He helped plan the Reagan administration's liberation of Grenada.
He helped plan the raid against Libya, and response to repeated rounds of Libyan terrorism.
He helped the Reagan administration wage a relentless campaign for freedom and democracy in Central America.
And for his efforts, Olly and his family were not heralded as American heroes.
They were targeted first by Libyan terrorists physically and then by liberal Democrats politically and legally.
From this I gleaned a couple of things.
First that Oliver North was decorated with a silver star, the bronze star, two purple hearts and three navy accommodation medals was involved in the military actions in Grenada.
Libyan throughout Central America, and was targeted both by Libyan terrorists and by liberal Democrats.
Secondly, the Hannity must have been paid by the word.
As I am, look for more on Oliver North's medals throughout this book.
Why exactly was North targeted by liberal Democrats and moderate Democrats and moderate Republicans in the 80s?
Was it for his bravery and courage, which one of the silver stars, the bronze star, two purple hearts and three navy accommodation medals?
No, it was because he broke the law and then lied to Congress about it.
It was the Iran counter hearings that first got Hannity excited about politics.
Like nothing before it, he says, the Iran counter a hearing struck a court of discontent and urgency in me.
It was as if they were calling me to action.
You've got to wonder about a guy whose interest in politics was inspired by the illegal funding of terrorists.
Back to our book rating system, the initial idea, if you recall, has been to separate the analysis into three categories of notchismists.
Why would any sane person buy this book and lies?
I now realize the hubris of this approach since there's so much overlap between these categories.
So far, I've tried my best to maintain a laser-like focus on incredibly obnoxious material.
The way for four slipped into instances of naked dishonesty and strong reasons to question the sanity of anyone who bought this thing.
Similarly, as I move into the lying section, I'll be unable to strictly adhere to the rigid boundaries of our initial model.
I apologize, like Arnold, he apologizes.
Lie number one.
Can't voucher for his examples of voucher schools, where New York State Education Commissioner Mills noted that there's no simple fix for the problems of New York City schools.
New York City School's Hannity is found one, and not just for New York, but for every school in the country.
Vouchers.
It's about competition.
If the government gives every student a voucher for tuition at the school of his or her choice, public, private, or parochial, schools be forced to compete to result in education revolution.
You're going to see excellence in education because the parents are going to send their kids to schools where there is discipline, where there are no problems where their kids will get a good education, and we'd see test scores go through the roof, explains Hannity.
Vouchers, as Hannity will succeed because they'll break the nearly government, nearly total government monopoly on kids.
They'll get a good education in this country.
The proof?
Hannity describes a couple of since discredited studies, and then quotes an editorial saying that vouchers offer the only hope available to many poor students trapped in the worst schools.
Now comes the lie.
Want more proof-ass Hannity?
Come right here to New York.
He then trumpets the Miracle in East Harlem, the fight for choice in public education, a book that chronicles a remarkable success story in one of America's most troubled school districts.
What happened in Harlem?
A handful of teachers and principals indicted for recognized or district reorganized the district in the small independently run alternative public schools to which neighborhood parents could choose to send their children.
The result?
Hannity puts it best.
Small, innovative public schools having just a little more freedom than traditional public schools has paid.
Such big and valuable dividends of the lives of children and their parents, kids are learning in Harlem.
He gives you hope, doesn't it?
But not for vouchers, because the Miracle in East Harlem did naturally involve vouchers.
There were no vouchers, none. Nobody got a voucher.
Vouchers? Not a part of the Miracle.
Even though he offers it his proof that vouchers offer the only hope available, Hannity carefully avoids saying whether or not the East Harlem program uses vouchers, suddenly he switches to the term school choice.
The artful avoidance of a literal untruth makes this especially sneaky kind of lie.
He's deliberately misleading his readers when you have to mislead to make your arguments because you know you don't have a case.
The debate over vouchers isn't about school choice. It's about whether that I've earned money from public schools working fund programs like this one to private schools.
The Harlem stories about innovation within the public school system and specifically about the proven benefits of reducing the size of large schools.
The federal, smaller learning communities program aims to replicate the Miracle of East Harlem nationwide.
It is 2003 budget, however, President Bush put the program on his list for termination.
Line number two, the No Growth 90s. This is a simple one.
For some reason in the midst of making a point about something or other on page 205, Hannity let this one rip.
Decades of liberal no-growth policies have seriously endangered our economic and national security.
Here's a chance for you to read it or write your own joke.
You might want to include a reference style Clinton presided over the longest economic expansion in the history of the U.S.
I'm sure Hannity's publisher Harper Collins will get a kick out of seeing what you come up with. Send your ripped-ickler to an A's that Harper Collins address in New York.
Line number three, through seven, the crazy table.
During the first 190 years of our great democracy's existence our government racked up $700 to $9 billion in debt.
That might sound like a lot, but during the eight years that Ronald Reagan occupied the White House, he managed to nearly triple that number.
The day he left office our national debt stood at $2.19 trillion. That's a hard number to even comprehend if it helps picture a stack of $2,191 billion bills. A lot of money, huh?
It's a secret tentative of the line right that Ronald Reagan did not cause the massive budget deficit of the eighties. Republicans keep trying to find new and creative ways to disprove the truth of this one.
A Hanover favorite is the old saw that his Hannity puts it. The deficits of the eighties were caused by the insatiable spending demands of the congressional Democrats. The proven Hannity pulls a table not out of his ass but out of his E.S.
That is, he takes the trouble of going on the arpanet. Well, I'm sorry, thanks to go with the internet and downloading a chart from the Ronald Reagan homepage.
Lest you think the Ronald Reagan homepage is former president Reagan's actual official homepage, you should know it's not.
It's the brainchild of Brett Kotman who's also the webmaster of Brett Kotman's reality hammer a page featuring occasional essays defending the Reagan legacy.
Hannity plugs the table directly from the web and prints it on page 223 of his book. Hannity altars the table slightly. He leaves out one key number which I'll discuss below.
The table proves or I should say proves or should I say does not prove that Congress caused the deficit by inflating Reagan's spending. Here's the table as Hannity presents it and there he's got a print in the book.
If this is confusing don't worry it was meant to be. Stare it for a while and particularly think about the column on the right. Go ahead take a long look at it how you're doing.
Perhaps it will help to read the sentence that Hannity uses to introduce the table. In fact had all Reagan's budgets been adopted. Federal spending would have been 25% less on a cumulative basis.
Let's parse that sentence. It seems to say that how all Reagan's budgets been adopted. Federal spending would have been 25% less on a cumulative basis. In fact that's exactly what it says.
What does that mean? Well it seems to mean that if Congress had passed all of the budgets that Reagan had proposed then the government would have a cumulative, they have cumulative to spend 25% less money. That's a fair interpretation right?
And if true that means Congress was responsible for the Reagan era deficits. Now look at the total section of the table.
What appears to be the total Reagan's proposals are about $200 million less than what appears to be the total of Congress's budget busting appropriations.
Or the table says in the average percent difference section the difference is 2.8%. For this this part here is just too many numbers. You know what I'm saying?
Too complex too many numbers. I mean he's all about I see I want to see the table. You have to take a look at it. Wish I brought my book in with me.
Okay let me let me I'm just going to skip over that and go to page 101. I'm saying I'm really happy about even reading the chapter that that will teach me to let the audience
influence if we want part of a book to read on the year. Why because I was just I didn't know it had all these numbers. Yeah I did but I mean just it doesn't work in the translation.
The chapter on the encoder and a one on Villa Riley were great. This one quite frankly so far blows. So like I said don't let the audience influence ever again.
Okay. It's 11 after one. How is let's say Bush isn't Britain.
Yeah. Yeah. Which we knew that there are tens of thousands maybe a hundred thousand people protesting they got their burning their candles and waving their flags and yoddy yoddy yoddy.
And Michael Jackson's on the way to a never never see him again. Another net life is sweet.
Like how we're David. By the way is a bigger asshole than ever. We got you. Okay. We got you by the short hairs if you find that expression.
The brand is huge and popular beach is celebrating a big anniversary their 25th anniversary this year 25 years they've been putting great shoes on people's feet and they got bigger and more prosperous and more popular because nobody doesn't like they do.
The top names of the shoe business unbeatable prices and personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time it made brandy as popular as it gets.
They got them all they got rock ports echoes. No fist. Oh Timberland Clark's S.A.S. floor shine you name it they got it and a matter how big or smaller for this they can make them sure they got what you want because they got sizes men six to 15 women's five to 12 and what's from the very near to the very wide.
Brandy shoes you'll find about 12 90 or federal highway popular weights the open Monday through Saturday 9 till 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and now like I said during the 25th anniversary come in this week for great savings on men's and women's S.A.S. shoes all this week or find more details about this on their website.
Brandy shoes dot com.
My life and local. This is for trade oh by six.
You wait. You wait.
It's day.
The Miami town.
At five six.
Oh WQ.
Here's Oakland Park. Hello.
Yes, this is Mr. Roger speaking.
Mr. Rogers Reverend Jones here and I another another funny reverend.
You're having a controversial show today on a lot of dollars from the past.
What is it? You're having a controversial show on colors from the past. No we're not talking about colors from the past.
You're a bit.
Bits that you're doing.
Sir, what are you talking about? You're you're playing old bit. No, no I'm not.
Well, we had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a card on it.
I guess that's what they're telling me and we discussed not playing it on the air.
What are you talking about?
The park the gate bit, sir. That was one of my.
There's a. Yes, sir. You appreciate to not play that.
I thought you would leave the letter. You received the letter. Your. Your. Your.
Your. Your. Your.
Sir, your. Your.
Did you receive the letters? Your.
They'll be a lawsuit. Your.
Game.
Sir, your.
Game. No, your.
Game. Your.
Game.
What was he trying to say?
Your. Game.
Oh, 17 to 560 WQM.
Okay, there's only a couple of pages left in this chapter. I apologize for the reading this chapter because like I said.
It's not good. I mean the chapters fine, but it's just not good for reading on here. It doesn't translate.
Line number eight. Hannity makes it sound like it was the Democrats who weren't interested in investigating the cause of non-level.
When actually it was the Republicans, especially the White House, who did everything it could have blocked an independent probe into the massive intelligence failure.
No matter what ancholter it may say 9-11 is no joking matter on that we can all agree.
After 9-11, I wanted to know what had gone wrong. So did most Americans except Hannity claims the Democrats in Congress.
He says that liberal Democrats at first are a little interest in the investigation of the roots of this massive intelligence failure.
The Democrats with a bad guy's handed in those who the good guys were. Bush and his team he says made it clear that determining the causes of America's security failures and finding and remitting its weak points will be central to their mission.
He must have been referring to the October 6, 2001 New York Times article. House votes for more spy aid and to pull in rains of inquiry would said that Democrats who offered their own amendment continue to push for a commission that would examine the events leading up to 9-11 and the failure to stop the attacks.
But you know you can't trust the New York Times like you can trust the Washington Times. I guess Hannity must have been thinking of May 24, 2002 Bush rejects Provo 9-11 will not give up sensitive terror papers.
Wait, Bush rejects? That makes it sound like Bush was rejecting the Provinces of the Democrats.
So maybe Hannity was talking about the May 20, 2002 New York Times article. Chaining rejects broader access to terror brief.
That article began by President Dick Cheney said that he would advise President Bush not to turn over to Congress the August intelligence briefing that warned that terrorists were interested in hijacking planes.
Oh, that almost sounds like the opposite of Hannity's point. Wait, must be the October 21, 2002 Newsweek article. Chaining investigators keep out. No, that doesn't sound too promising. What about the first sentence?
Dick Cheney played a behind the scenes rule last week in derailing an agreement to create an independent commission to investigate the 9-11 attacks.
Hmm, well, what about the article's last sentence? There's just this general philosophical orientation that the less the world knows the better says 1-GOP staffer.
Of course the fact is the Bush administration fought a 9-11 commission every step of the way, even though the families of the victims were begging for an independent probe from day one.
When political reality finally forced the Bushies to give in again.
So how are you doing, how's that total going? I don't know if Neil can hear us, but we can't hear him.
I don't know if anybody here has done that. He just kept right on reading so I don't think he knows that he's off the air.
I don't know. Why don't you go out and find out what's going on?
Yeah, I'll be back.
When things like this happen, I always wonder who's in the control room and who's in engineering and who's pulling plugs and who's pulling wires and Neil, if you're reading and you hear me talking, that's because we can't hear you and the beat goes on.
I could fire off some music here if I had any cute up. And of course if I was smart, I'd have something ready other than the, of course, the chemistry, filler music, which is all we can't.
Don't forget to join the QA in Van today from 5 to 7 to public located at 411 South Cypress Creek Road in Pompo, no beach. Anything?
Any open engineering? Huh? Nobody's an engineering. Nobody's an engineering.
Curtis, an entouchment, and according to the system one with air, Neil's still there.
Do do do.
Well, I like this.
What the hell are you playing? You didn't lean on the pocket. Huh? You didn't lean on his pot and try to mop the wall. No, either.
I'm thinking you're not going to come up. I mean, I'm not that I want to, you know, I'm a little bit paranoid considering recent events in that other room there.
Well, I've gotten used to, you know, I trust you, but I've gotten used to not trusting the other person in the area.
I don't know. It's all red. Nothing like radio, huh? Nothing like it. Hey, listen, there's a, I don't know what percentage of the ratings are responsible for the fact that we're live, but this is the kind of thing that people like.
All kind of planned events like this.
I'm sure it's never going to happen. No good guy, damn reason.
Do you think he leaned the book on the pot? On his microphone. If he shut his microphone off, he would have heard his microphone shut it off.
He's got the same arrangement up there as down here. You can hear himself backing himself. I know.
I'm sorry, your microphone's a little bit low relative to it. It's my love.
There he is. Watch your levels there. I'm just going to take some calls.
So they could tell us what happened to you.
I am maybe somebody kidnapped. I have no idea what the line would go out, but you should probably call somebody. Everybody's not going to launch still.
Yeah, there's nobody here. Nobody in the building. All line of wages.
You don't think you want to come in and running in here already when they hear your voice on the air?
Oh, it sales people. Maybe nobody in program.
Yeah, I mean, they don't they don't know they don't care. They don't know.
I mean, it's not big enough, which we're going to hire. It's like the opposite of the rest of the station with us.
You know, when it's not sports, have the people in the station. I ran out of music for the first time there.
Most of the people in the station don't listen to it when it's not sports.
Just like some of us don't listen to it when it is sports.
So I have absolutely no idea what's going on. Does he have a live spot to do?
Because I think he's coming back.
How it needs got to read how it. Hey, I think what the hell time is it?
I don't know. I've been distracted with my understanding of the fact that you shouldn't be doing that.
Hey, Duff, how you doing? Neil disappeared.
And we don't know why, but I'm glad you know as much as we do.
So Duff can run run the halls like chicken little and find somebody.
Maybe I have no idea if Neil can hear us for that matter. You might want to call him.
Hey, Neil.
Because if the line coming down is off, then the line coming up might just as well be, you know, I don't know how that works.
There was a glitch earlier.
Technical. How about that gnome Chomsky ever hear him in your life?
Who the hell is that?
I'm trying to stress people. I haven't read since I was required to in high school.
Look to you. Which is not that's not true.
Lier, because you didn't read it then either.
No, I did. I had to.
All right.
You read Maxim all the time.
Read ain't the right word for what I do with Maxim.
I'm just going to pick it up and go on the turning pages. That doesn't mean that I'm reading.
Maybe some captions.
So help out that hot chick with that dweeb there.
The Russian chick on blind date.
Mom, it's always good.
Blind dates been they got it down finally. They got the formula down.
They've stopped with old people and fat people.
And if they have ratings below.
And if they have ethnic alternatives on there, they're good looking ethnic alternatives.
For a while there it was like, oh my god, what Guatemalan washerwoman is this?
They know how to get ratings. They're the best and of course.
Hello.
Are you back?
Was that you?
Who? Who? What?
I didn't hear nothing.
You didn't make that noise, did you?
What noise?
Now I'm afraid to talk.
Getting a little creepy here.
Take a call.
You did the smart guy.
I'm not going to take a call.
Are you kidding me?
You want to roleplay?
You want to play?
What's going on?
What happened?
What's going on?
I'm having a meal.
Hey, if we knew we would say.
So yeah, this is what you get when you have live radio as you have spontaneity and you have nothing.
Maybe the anarchists are responsible.
They're a little busy right now.
Yeah, hot topics needs to update their product.
Do you guys have for two months now you got the same crappy old shirts over there.
And like I was going to buy an anarchist t-shirt just in honor of all the festivities going on downtown.
And they didn't have my size.
We're changing tuff.
I wear a range.
It's either the ultra small, you know, the titty hug and shirts like the girls wear like I don't want to say who perceptionist not Carlos.
Or the ultra big pup tense.
Large will do extra large will do.
Because you know how they so hey hot topics in the adventure mall update your products.
Is there an update?
I see the dust on the phone.
Is he talking to me?
He's talking about to make a long distance phone call.
To Canadian.
And I just want to get in good here.
He hasn't even gotten to the fisting yet.
It's screenless.
Yeah, I know.
All right.
I'll take some calls.
Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
Hey, how you doing here?
We're just going to come back.
A couple of quick things.
My name for the poll.
And you're not a sports guy but Neil would know who this is.
Sandy Kofak.
Oh, I heard the name.
I don't live in a cave.
I know a fact.
I'm more famous than Noam Chomsky.
But I know I'm not going to put him on there because who cares?
QAAM.
Hello.
Technical difficulty, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
See, see why you don't want to take any calls.
That's why I like the reading.
If we had real audience participation on this show, I'd say, yeah,
that's what a talk show should be.
Hosts says some things.
The audience responds to it.
Does trying to get your attention over there for some reason.
Oh, a pen.
See, there's what life could be here in South Florida?
Thinking about that while I'm thinking about the driving this morning.
Just within seconds, they're trying to kill you.
How do you have a good day when they're trying to kill you before you even get there?
Yeah, I got a question for you.
Sure.
So how do you dial out of here?
How do you dial out of there?
Out of here.
How do you dial out of there?
Well, you can't.
You have to use the real phone to dial out of there.
What we're going to call out?
No, I can't use the bad line to dial out.
We're going to call Neil on the hotline and get him on the phone.
Well, it's time for the break.
So when we take the break, we'll do that during the break.
And he can make up the hallet at some point somewhere since he's got to do that anyway.
128 on 560 WQAM.
Play your thing there.
Oh, you want the thingy?
My phone.
This is 430560.
You aint doing it, you aint.
Are you wanting me to play a bit or something like that?
No, let's just go right to the phone.
Hello Toronto.
Hey, I'm good.
We got a new despot.
Oh, and now I'm hearing it after the leg.
I got to turn that down.
There's nothing wrong on this end.
I'll play that right now.
I'm sure.
Listen to this.
I didn't hear it.
Yeah, but no, you can't hear it.
But I can't.
It's like it's me coming back like about a half a second later.
It's great.
Echo.
We've heard.
Here you go.
Crank it up.
There you go.
All right.
This phone was shot.
I'm like, a crap on the ground.
You can't play drops either.
I beg your pardon?
You can't play drops.
Yeah.
Well, it's already 130.
It's an end with the thing that's happened in 1020.
You know, I don't know what's wrong with it.
You were in, but I want everybody to know.
It's on the Miami end.
It's not here.
All of my stuff is pristine.
It's fine.
I didn't hit any button.
Everything is feeding out.
Like it always does.
All my little lights are on.
Everything here is excellent.
You know what I'm saying?
Might be the anarchists.
Let me do the spot.
And it's not how.
I don't know.
You guys are, uh, and Lama.
I think McGuellan there is like doing, uh, acid or something.
Acid.
Acid.
This is not going to sound good when he spots on the phone.
Is it as the audio quality is bad as I think it is?
I don't know.
I wish all the cell phone calls that we get sounded as good as yours.
It does?
It does?
It does?
It does?
It does.
It does?
It does.
The goal code, C-Food Grill just celebrated their one year anniversary.
It got three and a half stars from the Sunsetville Showtime Vanting review.
I think that is punishing me for reading that band-champer on the year.
The goal code, C-Food Grill, is got specialties including mango plum salmon.
I'm encrusted by him.
He orange honey, glazed sea bass, and crab and shrimp stuffed trout.
There's an incredible bar atmosphere at the goal code, C-Food Grill.
You find their extensive white and martini list, big gigantic martinis that you could stick
George and do it happy.
I only have about a half bucks from four to seven p.m. seven days a week.
The goal code, C-Food Grill, is in Coral Springs, 2752 North University Drive Inside the
Beautiful Walk Shopping Center.
For reservations, more information called 954255 Fish.
You can dive inside or outside large parties and private functions.
Welcome to.
So experience, the best kept secret in lunch and dinner dining gets the goal code, C-Food Grill,
in all springs, the 2752 North University Drive Inside the Walk Shopping Center.
Always find great seafood and great prices at the goal code, C-Food Grill.
Okay, so I'm not going to read any more of that book.
No, well, what are you going to do?
Take calls?
No, I'm not going to take any calls.
How am I going to take calls with you?
I got stuff here.
I don't care about the calls.
The calls suck anyway, all right?
Yeah.
I've got one guy that called a few days ago.
All I ever hear you do is complain about the call.
It was rough because most callers suck.
Most callers call the suck ass like most callers this morning.
Oh, I want to let you know I really enjoy your play by play.
Let me say it again, Mo.
Let me tell you, man, you can count the days on a calendar with one finger, all right?
You scumbag you.
Because now I'm really as pissed off and fern up as I was about him before.
Now that we got this technical sabotage or whatever is going on, it's probably a course so.
Probably yanked it.
Absolutely.
You think?
Yeah, I think course so yanked it.
We suspected that, but he ain't around.
Nobody ever.
I thought Muffet said he was on his way up.
He's not his way up from somewhere far away and he'll be there about 215.
That should help resolve the problem.
If he can get it right.
I never understand how it just dropped off.
I mean, it was reading a sentence right here.
You bapabani, Ken Miguel, hear me?
What was that all about?
You dropped off?
You did?
He's done based on what?
Earlier in the show, you dropped off for about a second and freaked us out, but it was just like a little blip.
Yeah.
And this time you just didn't come back.
Well, the fact that that happened should prove you that there's nothing going on on this end.
I'm not presuming that it is going on on that end, but the fact remains.
Unless it's on the line because everything's feeding out of this video is A-OK.
It's perfect.
It's pristine.
Remember that movie pristine with that...
Geeky Kid.
58th poll.
Sorry, I guess I'll just do the spots and I can't play the stuff, right?
No.
No, what?
No, I'll read your mind and play some stuff.
Okay.
Poll support for US handling of RAC Ward drops.
If you had any idea what this is like with this damn thing in my ear, I got a mental pattern.
I'm cracking up from it.
Oh, yeah, crack this.
Then majority of Americans still believe the situation in Iraq was worth going to war.
They're more on.
But most are uncomments.
The war has made the US safer from terrorists.
The USA today see in Gallup, we'll be sure.
At the same time, approval for the way the US has handled Iraq since President Bush declared an end to major combat may 1 has dropped for a half.
From 80% as US tanks were in the bag that in April, the 42% now.
The handling of the war in Iraq 42%.
More than half, 55% disapproved the administration's post combat management, which is the highest negative measurement on that question since the invasion.
Well, I love that, the invasion.
They're finally using the right terms, not the war of liberation, or whatever, the invasion.
Women, minorities, liberals, moderates, independents, and Democrats are at least approving.
Bush went in with no plan for getting out to Zrida Olin, 73 of retired saleswoman in Margate City, New Jersey.
They've been fighting in Iraq since the biblical day.
It says, Sherman L.A., in 50 retired custodial assistance fill up, a janitor.
Going over there and trying to change it isn't going to work.
Males, whites, conservatives, and Republicans are more positive in their assessments, of course.
We have to protect democracy from these terrorist groups, and there was no choice but to take action says,
Nate Weston, 40, and Ironwork and Madison Man.
Right, from these terrorist groups.
What terrorist groups is he talking about, the one's in Iraq?
You know, this one in that one.
David Howe, 67, boy, did they talk to any young people in this?
Our freelance writer in Eagle, the Branskis, says, more international help is needed, and the Bush administration needs to sell its case a little more as to why we needed more help and move from there.
The US military and coalition forces are carrying a pretty heavy burden right now.
No.
Well, if you're a slum majority of the polls taken to fight it through Sunday, 53% does not accept Bush's premise that US action in a record encouraged political and economic reform and other countries in the Middle East.
Most of those polls, 55% say Muslim countries in the Middle East, can't become democracies, whether they want to or not.
We're making them an offer they can't refuse.
You're going to become a democracy. Well, we don't want it, but that's okay. We want you to.
There's no one.
We want you to, so screw up.
How's that poll coming?
Oh, this is good. See, now I can actually move around. I have to worry about being off-mic.
What famous living person would you like to be a role model for your son if you had one?
And again, just so I was wrong. I said we get more names on here than we do with the females. I think we got maybe one or two more.
So is the Wino.
244 votes, Bill Clinton 58. Jim Manage 55, the mad dog. I would play that, but you got him right.
Michael Moore 44, Neil Rogers 34, George W. Bush 20, Howard D19, Grovenal 7, O'MChomsky 4, Tim Robbins 3.
See, O'MChomsky's got four votes.
Wow.
Probably makes you feel like some kind of an idiot.
No.
Five to seven. You're already promoted this, I guess, because I can hear you just fine. See, that's the interesting thing. I hear you fine.
So if the line was down, I wouldn't hear you.
Right. Well, I give up.
So how can that possibly be? Somebody must have hit something, one of the buttons or something on here on the...
I've been hearing from...
Have you been out there in the whole floor is empty? It's not like there's nobody in the control room in engineering, which there's not. There's nobody around anywhere, stepping for death.
Well, what I'm saying is I could never get the return from there and hear you, which I was hearing all along, if the line was down. So it's not the line.
Well, it might be the line. How do we know what it works?
How do we know how it works? It might be too long.
No, there are not two lines.
When incoming, when one outgoing, I'm just calculating.
Let me say it again. They're not two lines.
I could... I could didle with this thing on the return pop, but I know that's not it because it's...
It's where it always is.
Don't dittle with it unless it makes a lot of noise.
Oh.
Well, sometimes if you're not careful, it can make a lot of noise.
Doppens, Putter, Hitme, Woman, says.
I'm glad we got all of this stuff today because, like I said, the calls were pathetic.
How come it looks like I'm on a whole? On my phone.
Yeah. You are on a whole.
And I locked you so technically you could take a call if you wanted to.
I don't want to take any calls.
No, I'd like to call a ROM cat a few names, though, to be honest with you.
Ain't normally you're a liar, number one. You're so full of crap.
You give a little assignment to do and he tells me this morning,
oh, yeah, I did that. Well, I didn't... I would... I would be if I said,
you're trying to like cat dance. You're not on a job.
You're full of crap. You do it because you have 80-minute other things to try to be here with a mankind.
And you're not getting the job done.
He had the job done.
I'd be unsindicated to Radio On 8000 stations and I've sitting around here playing Radio
from Toronto trying to keep the line on here.
There's something on your end, man.
Somebody must have popped keyed with something somewhere in that building.
Well, we'll just ask you with everything. I'm going to go in there and press all every button in the room.
So you know what I'm talking about? The little... the tell-all thing that's got the green buttons on it
and then the other... everything up in here has changed and I can see the audio feed now
because I do have the mic over but just in case it should magically come back on.
Right, you and two likewise just in case you have them.
On 22-year-old law student says,
Matt Turk, the dolphins' putter, slapped a wine glass out of her hand,
striking her in the face outside the Davey Alois.
Turk 35 says he was at the sports bar that night, October 19,
when it was filled with fans watching the second game of the world's series.
But he claims he didn't slap nobody.
The woman filed a report the night of the alleged incident with Davey Polisa,
referred to the Browitz State Attorney's Office.
No charges have been filed but she has hired two attorneys.
Oh, according to the accuser, Miriam Parsas, she and her friend, Zina Eldada.
I wonder if she's getting the idea of leaving for Dada.
I'm going to get back.
Hey, that's all I have.
See, that's all I have.
The report was on that end tonight. I came back.
Oh, I never had a shirt on.
Yeah, yeah, that's you.
See? That's why I didn't change anything on this end.
So is there somebody in the building there, Dillon Wood stuff?
I'm sure.
Well, there you go. I told you it was on your end.
Somebody is effing wood stuff for that building, man,
and I'm not too happy about it.
I think it's a communist plot.
I think Moa had something to do with it.
You scumbag you, you low life, no good,
checkered pants wearing old fart.
Hey, you're back. See?
That's a good thing I kept on my con, right?
Dance straight.
Well, I don't like doing that thing on the phone.
I was bad.
It was bad.
It was bad.
It was bad.
Anyway, Zina Eldada, who's akin to EDM in Dada,
where they'd take a lot outside the Aile House 2018 South University driver to man,
exited the restaurant, Parsas said the man wearing a flower shirt and jeans,
asked her about her religious denomination in response.
What if I'm an atheist?
She said the man displayed a bracelet and gray with the initials WWJD,
short for what would Jesus do?
His response inquired the woman,
what would Jesus think about what you said?
Parsas said she asked rhetorically whether Jesus would approve the man being drunk on a Sunday.
Apparently, he didn't like her answer because he slapped the glass she was drinking from out of her hand.
The report says his hand hit her face in the glass, fell to the ground and shattered.
The man walked away and drove off, she said.
Parsas said several patrons thought the man was Matt Turk.
These six foot four, 225 pound NFL veteran was signed by the dolphins in September
to replace a punter who was performing poorly in a woman called police,
who said the woman had no visible injuries, but she's hired two attorneys.
Turk said he's notified that often to the accusations the action's been taken.
If I would have slapped somebody, said Turk, the police would have slapped me and jail.
Is what he said.
Well, that sounds pretty convoluted to me.
But you know something when you come right down to it, what would Jesus do?
You take a good stiff belt, too, you know what?
I'm ready to.
I'm ready to.
I'm ready to drink, but I'm ready to start now after this day.
So it's so they might come running in and tell you what it was on it.
Of course not.
Wait, well, why did they did?
They recorded the color.
They restart.
They restart.
I think you pardon?
They reset the tello.
So was something on your ass and the WQM.
See, the audience thinks I keep making this up just to be funny or because of my heart.
I'm going to tell you, engineering in that place, that the equipment is like from before Jesus was a baby.
Marconi would be embarrassed and humiliated.
Here we got a beautiful studio that was built, of course, by the engineers from a station.
I mean, our friend Julio put it together there and took it apart and set it up here.
But it was put together by real engineers from a real radio station here in Toronto.
And in addition, we don't have people coming in here and did something with stuff.
Oh, right, man.
And then it really, yeah, like you do there.
And they stole my scissors right out of this room.
But you were on vacation last Monday and I come in Monday and I'm working with that the goofball.
And everything was all screwed up after the first half of our thought.
It was going to tear my hair out.
What a little like I left.
And we keep telling muffin clearance the same stuff.
Keep people out of there.
Maybe better move better.
We don't think.
Yeah, right.
Man, talk about how much I've pushed these man.
Imagine this on your next mortgage.
Imagine zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit, zero fee, zero discounted points.
It's the last mortgage you ever be needing, baby.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now with a unbelievably low interest rate of just 1.95%.
That means if you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $738 bucks a month.
And once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group,
here's even more good news.
You'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So if you have more info call 1-800-940-Lend and grab real financing power
with that low rate mortgage you can move to your next property
without any further cost or expense.
The only one mortgage from financial group.
Call for details.
It's a whole new way to buy zero underwriting fee, zero doc fee, zero prepayment penalty,
zero closing costs, even when you moved another property.
So get you financing at just 1.95% and never pay closing costs again.
1-800-940-Lend.
That's the financial group.
1-800-940-Lend and go to the same housing lender.
Restrictions apply.
Rate subterf change monthly 5.19 APR.
My life and love.
This is for 205-60.
You weigh in to weigh in.
Absolutely.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
I'm not a big fan of this.
1-400-750-W.
Michael Jackson is right in the next 30 minutes.
We're going to be turning himself in after on a west coast that never ever landed.
Where but hell is going to do it?
Too bad we won't be on the air for that.
But I'm glad that that happened.
That technical group you want to know why?
Why?
Because it happened when I only had a page and I had to go anyway.
I'm never doing that again.
I mean I don't mind reading important stuff on here.
But reading books on here, this isn't like a neo-rodger show for the blind.
I know we have maybe probably some blind people in the audience.
Blind?
Yeah, well there you go.
Now I'm serious we probably have a few.
But not enough to make an audience.
I see the idea that I'm going to sit here and read books on here.
Now the end culture chapter was very amusing and great.
And the other end it even got you to go on the book whenever I had a little ride.
And that's enough.
I've got to say a reading entire book.
Now I might read like a few pages something here and there.
But to sit and read the ponderous stuff like that, that would, that sucked.
Now that's a good thing.
In retrospect you see how I can find a silver lining in the middle of a dark cloud.
Although it's on a year.
And the audience loves it when crazy crap happens.
No, no listen.
Because there was nobody listening anyway at that point.
I'll tune out.
Well you should get that part with the charts and the numbers.
I mean I was like, I don't even want to read it to myself much less read those pages on the year.
But once I got myself sucked into it so to speak, I had no way out.
I was like, yeah, like Iraq.
Right.
Exactly.
Very good analogy.
Proposed liberal radio networks sold a new investors away and for start up early next year.
I'm game.
You're what?
Gay.
A group hinted by a former advisor to the Democratic National Committee has taken over the effort to create a liberal radio network to compete with conservative talk radio.
Mark Walsh, who's also a former America online executive, said his investors group,
bought the proposed network from the venture capitalists who started and shall media LLC in February.
The purchase price is mom and son at the time she'll then and I needed to draw.
These said the line of ten million dollars and hope to be on the year by this fall.
But the draw.
These never heard any talent purchased any station to decide any distribution contracts.
It makes it kind of a problem when you got nobody to put on the air or any radio station to put them on if you had them.
That's secondary.
Walsh, who once served as the DNC's chief technology advisor, said Tuesday, he expects to be broadcasting by early next year,
which is great because that's been plenty of time for the erection next year.
Liberal comedian author Al Franken said he was encouraged by the sale of Walsh's group and that he was talking with Walsh about developing a show.
Oh, right.
Go, boy.
Get Al Franken a show and Michael Moore a show.
That sounds great to me.
Get some real liberals on here instead of the Sean Hannities and Oli North and the G Gordon Litties and Rush Limbaugh, Pill Poppin, Peace of Crap.
All they got.
Just in. Michael Jackson is surrounded within 30 minutes.
They're breathless at CNN.
Oh, man. They got eight million reporters there and they're all lined up and they got the cameras going and they got the, oh, brother.
Do they have a ticker countdown clock?
They're ticking it right now.
In fact, their ticker is probably pretty weak at this point.
They're so excited.
Man.
Another show that Floodwater Rescue again in West Virginia.
They've shown that many times this hour.
Oh, look at a pooper gunner.
Is she proud of the video?
No, she just got out.
Oh, she's pruggling that poor lady.
She went past barricades.
Ignored all advice to stop.
She's pruggling. Don't you understand?
Oh, you're a heartless prick.
Yes, I am.
Oh, she was pretty grotesque.
Stupid bitch.
Texas earns ban on gay unions.
Texas Republican leaders on Capitol Hill Press Tuesday for swift consideration of a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage on the heels of a ruling by Massachusetts High School of Law and St. Sex Couples to wed and receive the same legal rights as others.
This is that article in the Houston Chronicle.
I made reference to it in the beginning part of the show.
In on the same page is this story.
I'm not going to read any more disturb, but on the same page is that news pool.
Again, I'll say Houston, Texas.
And the question is should gay marriages be allowed?
5,055 votes.
Yes, 45% no 53% undecided 2%.
That's in Texas in Houston.
Now, Granchett, the rest of Texas would.
Would happy that close.
But when you hear these national polls about, well, the majority say this in 62% say that.
Keep in mind what you're talking about.
It's just like the election.
I don't know how a Democrat is ever going to win the election again.
Take a look at them mugwom statesman and all them Yahoo's.
Then you understand the tremendous obstacles they got to overcome.
That's why I think Bob Graham ought to be on there with Howard Dean.
He ought to be the VP.
Maybe he can win Florida.
Florida's got to swing it again, I think.
Oh, yeah.
I really believe that.
You say that like it's a good thing.
What do you mean by that?
Well, we got rid of Miriam elephant.
If anybody was listening, she got cans.
She got ruled by a governor, Jeff, Jeff Bush did something good today.
Oh, Roger.
It's about time.
Now we can do something else.
Good resign.
That would be great.
Yeah.
Democrats had a candidate.
Get Jan Arino in here.
Come on, Jan.
Go to.
He ain't going nowhere.
152.
If I want us right, he's got to stick around to help fix the election again next year.
Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked, if your job is crap, if your paycheck is not even enough to take a crap,
here's the answer for you.
Fast train.
That's right.
If you don't have four years to waste on college, even if you do, but you don't have the cash for it, here's the answer.
Just make that one simple call.
And really, and honestly and truly, change your life forever.
1-866-FAST-TRAIN is the number to call.
Be sure to mention that Todd Dreck with the capital D. Dreck told you to call.
Fast ain't going to have you trained in Certified for a high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist,
Karina Zalilis four months.
That's right.
You can be fully trained and ready for a new career in just four short E.C. months.
Fast train offers day, evening a weekend classes.
They offer job placement assistance financially for people to qualify.
And because fast trains got four soft-flow locations, it doesn't take a rocket scientist's neck then just to figure out.
There's probably one close-by you convenient.
So if you want to really change your life, if you want to get a job, some skills, and of course some money that goes along with their real paycheck, do it.
Get off your ass and contact Fast Train.
You can check them out of the web first at fastrain.com and make that call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
5-866-FAST-TRAIN.
The radio's on your side.
You win!
The Middle Eastern World will be exploded.
Saddamit people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescent nation and they only want that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nook they're totem at the right wing is drilling it over and over into our hit.
That irack has some weapons of master's destruction.
3000 people killed.
Our not forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey there's oil to be gotten going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of.
Unnamed in London but no one seems concerned all.
Humphie and complacence believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That irack has some weapons of master's destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now not the ash crock this day.
I have nothing to hide.
Tabled hawkers all are saying.
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservation.
Bout of provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old machines must fall in half a virgin installed with no objection at all.
And the crack don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our parade watch pants.
I rack has some weapons of master's destruction.
There's no more Yanleke.
Only I rack has some weapons of master's destruction.
This is a great story I wish we had more time.
I'll say this tomorrow.
Yahoo!
Somebody packed it to us.
U.S. bread makers hold crisis talks over impact of the Atkins diet.
Oh my god.
And so they came up to Brits and their radio panic with an advertising slogan.
Use your loaf.
Have another slice.
The patient other loaf.
Me?
Red.
Another beautiful.
Jam on it.
Anyway the mad dog is stated by and man is he popular or what?
A rack.
73 votes.
75 votes.
What famous living person would you like to be a role model for your son if you had one?
The mad dog, old number 88, gym manager.
75 votes leading the pack.
Even a head of bill Clinton with 68.
Michael Moore 49.
The O'Rodger's 40.
That's shocking.
George W. Bush 23.
They'd like their kids to be compulsive liars who look like Alfred E. Newman with big ears.
Howard Dean 20.
Gorf had all seven known Tromsky 5.
And Tim Robbins have five.
Well I'm going to write my something.
I'll start my little diary now.
I never had one before but when started diary.
I'm going to write your diary today was an mitigated disaster.
Don't forget Miguel 5 to 7 of the public with our best and the else stuff.
411 South Cypress Road in Pompino beats this afternoon.
Bye bye bye.
Thank you Roger Show and class of E.M. Q.A.M.
Miami for learning.
Excuse me but I do believe that South S.
