Neil, I'm having 20 naked women.
Caddy for me.
I heard that a little crack.
I'm not a crack.
And what about Scrooan?
How's that book coming?
She's got a crack.
How about my one on the stink?
It's out in the book for you.
Now listen, I'm on a rapper.
One.
I just had Keenan on and I was teeming.
Yeah, I told him.
My Keenan and I told him I was wearing my Dougie Gilmore
a road blue leaf sweater.
I'm sure he was impressed.
I thought of you this morning when I put it on.
Maybe the Panthers ought to sign Dougie Gilmore up.
We can't do it here.
Maybe they ought to sign them up.
How about over six on the power play?
And how about three shots in the third period?
How about them getting their ass kicked in Ottawa again tonight?
Oh, yeah.
I didn't want to say that to Mike.
So I asked him instead what his favorite fish was to eat.
Yeah.
And I also don't know if that's it.
Did he say snapper?
Do you know the river up there?
What's it called?
He gave me the name of it.
What was the name?
It was a little little nile or whatever that runs through Ottawa
and all the little kids in their family skate on it.
You're asking me?
I don't know.
You're the crap about Ottawa.
You're going to people who live there hate it like poison.
No, they don't.
Yeah, they do.
No, they don't.
Ottawa sucks.
And they're going to build a new stadium for the Marlins in Ottawa.
It's a great town.
How do you like the fact that if they do build a stadium Miami which they will,
they're going to call it the Miami Marlins?
I actually like the Toronto better than Ottawa,
but I think Ottawa is a cool little town.
I'll take it town.
I think it's sucks.
They say admittance and sucks,
but I think admittance was cooler than Calgary.
Yeah, Calgary is a bunch of a Stant Peter's man or a bunch of Rednecks.
Yeah, a bunch of truck drivers.
They be Cowboys.
But they have a bar there called Cowboys with a bunch of,
let's just call them Husseys.
Yeah.
And it was unbelievable doing the two-step with a bunch of hockey players.
So you're going to get your own website.
Let's hear it.
I'm time for Crennallos.
Yeah, it took me a lot of money too because,
you know, I just wanted to have a cool site where I could,
you know, like you make money.
The difference is that you give all years to charity and I'm going to keep all mine.
Yeah.
Well, I'm nothing wrong with that.
No, I'm just like you.
You know, I'm not like,
I'm just like you.
You can put all your filth and photographic rep on your website.
You don't have to sit on the area.
You don't have to say, ask.
You got there right now about that.
How about I'm just like you.
I'm following in your footsteps.
I'm now building, and I've had one before in my garage,
which was my garage days revisited studio.
But I'm building a studio in Boca.
Excellent.
Yeah, I get a,
that way you won't have to see Mona.
Exactly.
And I get skied every day.
I see the Jew.
You just get, you know, you still doing a drawing with him eight o'clock or so.
Skitting.
No, I don't ever talk to him anymore.
Are you serious?
Yeah, why would I?
Absolutely.
I mean, I just have nothing to say to him.
And you know what?
I didn't take long boys and girls,
all those people who thought it was just me and George.
Just say everybody else in a building.
I don't have anything against him.
I just, I just don't seem to have,
I have better days when I just avoid him.
Yeah.
I don't have anything to say to the guy other than, you know,
have a nice trip and I hope I don't see it till Wednesday.
Yeah.
Obviously town, I know he doesn't work.
So it's great.
Whenever they're on the road, I'm having a party because I know that was the
best thing about coming back from vacation.
Usually it's kind of a downer after you have a good vacation.
Right.
But he wasn't there Monday or Tuesday because he was in 10 p.
Right.
And I thought this is great.
I actually wish that he would have caught on fire or his hair in
San Diego.
At least a muskrat.
Yeah.
You're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're,
his, his hair is just like those trees they're filled with beetles.
Mojauer, David, it had to have a flaming muskrat removed the surgically
from his head.
Here's us making fire noises in the studio.
What does the story with mandage is he like under the weather is he on
vacation.
He's off again today and he's got a, he really learned well.
I'll tell you that.
You know, he's a millionaire who cares what he takes days off.
You know, it's funny.
He admits that I'm his mentor.
I taught him how to work like about two days a year and get paid like big
bucks.
Well, why do you, what do you think I'm doing everything that you've taught me?
Yeah.
Even to hate everybody and and doing that.
Yeah.
I, I, I, everything.
I just follow everything.
You give me and then we're doing now.
If I don't like to survive, you survived the initial crap there.
You're gonna be okay.
I'm, I'm survived.
I'm trying to go into the radar love, but I, I, uh, I have problems with the feds.
Let's see.
And then, um, let's see.
Don't say it.
Oh, tonight I'm going to a party.
I've heard it.
I'm the night's the ratings party.
Me and everybody's invited.
I'm going to be given a location a little bit later.
Give me my buddy Greg having a cocktail.
Won't that be beautiful?
Yeah.
Hey, what do you have in Scott's rocks?
Hey, you know, it's great.
They invite everybody to a bar to get loaded and then drive.
Aren't you oppressed by those suits that he wears, you know, those Brooks Brothers suits?
He really impresses them.
Yeah, you know, my dad buys Brooks Brothers and I buy Hugo and I buy, actually, I have a guy in Atlanta that makes me suits.
And, um, and when he makes him, he gets drunk with me.
So it seemed better in there.
Unless I thought that by my suit.
I would go out and be able to afford to get a decent haircut.
I buy go to the leechies, but I go to Toronto to buy my suits.
I swear to God.
Do you really?
Yeah, two for one.
Dude, why wouldn't I?
I get $1,000 with the suits for 500 bucks.
I don't want to get Paul and Old Ron all of a sudden talk about the fact that it's sunny and beautiful.
And it's going to be $59 to the end.
$68 tomorrow in Toronto.
I'm going to start doing Toronto weather reports every day.
I hope you do like my show because you know, in about a month and a half, it won't be $58 and 60 there.
Boy, speaking by the way, speaking of Paul and Old Ron, I'd like to see, you know, this last rating book where we did such a great deal.
Is it a guy that I lost, too?
No, seriously, I want to see the breakdowns.
My mufflincy and clearance between the two of them, they've really laid out on the job.
I don't have any of the mufflies that don't have the hour by hour like you against them and me against IOD.
I have nothing here.
Well, the difference between...
You think that instead of swishing around down there in Key West at Fantasy Fest, then maybe mufflin would get off for lazy ass and send me some reasonable crap?
Lazy ass?
Yeah, lazy ass.
I don't think it's a lazy ass.
No, lazy ass.
I mean, the...
The...
The...
The aura...
Right, they had all those people have advertising and bestowing that needed.
But those guys are probably doing the old ass to ass right now.
How many people do you think know that they have...
They have turned his back on clearance.
Don't ever turn your back on a beast. Not a good idea.
How much do you think we suffer being on AM radio, Neil?
On what percent?
About third man.
And literally how much is it if we were on FM?
If we were on Power 96, can you imagine what we could do with that signal?
We could have doubled it to zero.
You and I would have 15 shares.
That's right.
Why isn't it that these lead doesn't spend any money on billboards and advertising and buses and all that?
We didn't have billboards back in the spring.
Until I showed up.
And as soon as you showed up, we couldn't afford them anymore.
Yeah, but now all...
You want to know why I'm a share behind those things.
No, I'm actually with them.
It would be good if we just...
Schmidt can't...
I won't set it.
If we Schmidt can't mow...
And we took the money that we're paying him that half a million a year.
We could buy a lot of billboards with that for the right authority.
Somebody told me...
I used to...
And I know it doesn't matter here at the station,
but he's got these huge 18 and 30 bars.
And one day I drove home and I went...
He knew I must be getting old.
But then I realized...
When you're on an age, all the kids are at school at 730.
And there's no kids listening to me or college kids who are in class.
And eight o'clock in the morning is when class starts.
And so all I have is retired.
Unemployed, bonk smoking perverts.
All right.
That's my problem, Mike.
I love your craft.
You know what most is the most is that I bought a big fat chalet right near of it.
And he's in the little business.
Everybody can take it to him.
In fact, what you ought to do every day is just have like a picture of your house.
And just stick it, just hold it up in the front of the wall.
Oh, it sounds...
And did you hear last night I had a bunch of little hoodlums attacked me at my house.
No.
And they knocked my door with like that karate kick and they were all dressed as Navy Seedles.
They pulled it.
They were all over the frickin...
They were in the bushes.
What the hell was that all of a sudden?
I was like, I'm gonna see my girlfriend naked.
A dry run?
It was a dry run for Hell night.
Can I determine it burn the city down?
All right.
That's it.
I love pre-Halloween violence.
I can only improve Detroit on ten years now.
I gotta run, I just farted it. It really smells.
Okay, have a great day, Scott.
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
Well, congratulations. Get alive.
All right.
I can't believe I'm the winner.
I am the winner.
Well, it wasn't even close.
I exterminated all of great things.
The people didn't see the care.
I grabbed the poopies.
I didn't eat those.
They missed.
California has spoken at the women.
As the women said, I followed them.
In all it was like 30s to 3s.
But I don't care.
And the voters don't care.
Because now I'm done with all of the data of the California G-Wall P.
Well, I used all of my muscles.
And I used all of my sex appeal.
I'm very hot.
I guess the voters didn't care that I made all those big mouthfuls.
School meal.
Ha ha ha.
Well, if you're honest with your public and you tell them,
you are the far most free.
Trust me.
They'll forgive you like they did me and reject you to the DOD.
Here's a key change in the song.
Who's the man?
A little fat man.
Super Mario brother.
Never had a girl.
Parable.
The voters start about to make it in his little pack man on the way.
Look at the little silly tiny holes.
I'm the victor.
I'm the winner.
And my hot wife is a can of D.
Ha ha.
And now I'm done with all of the California G-Wall P.
Oh my god.
Ten per...
Oh, I love the way that just bills out.
Ten past ten at five sixty WQM.
Happy Thursday, today we got a best anneal van hit today, 11-1.
A lovely Miguel will be a ding and dent solutions.
He's there right now.
What do you mean by that?
He's there right now.
Well, why is that?
He just got there.
Well, it says 11-1.
So is he going to stay there for one?
Yes, indeed.
All right, now till one.
Ha ha.
Miguel's trying to make up for lost time.
Nice going, sweetheart.
From now till one o'clock, he said ding and dent solutions at 370
South Dixie highway that's on the northeast corner.
And I called Bokeh Brian to see if he wants to take his accurate down there to see if they can fix the smack job that the carwash guys did.
Yeah.
Because I'm going to wind up paying for it.
And he said he didn't call back.
So hey, Bokeh Brian.
I'm going to get a brand-new idea.
Get a brand-new idea.
Yeah, and in addition to which I didn't get nothing from him this week either.
Or last week when I was away.
Let me say it again.
On the northeast corner of Lijuan, US-1, from now till one o'clock, he's there right now with our best anneal merchandise including the Mohawar-David-D-
You asshole.
Keychains at our best anneal CD for a last year in this year.
And what else we got?
We got T-shirts.
I don't think he has them on there.
First ten people who make that $20 donation to abandon pay rescue get a pair of tickets to see the heat and the pistons tomorrow for opening night at the Mickey-Earson downtown we don't want to go to the arena.
Isn't that great?
Let's just start naming all the stadiums, all the teams rather after wherever the stadium is.
Or they could get a sponsor like the American Airlines arena?
Yeah.
They could be the budget rent-a-car marlins.
Or they could do like in-ron field and get a sponsor that goes bankrupt and out of business and then have to change you to re-five minutes.
Like that place in Philadelphia that Scott was telling me about where they played last night and the panties got their ass whipped.
They used to be-what was it?
The Spectrum.
No, no, that's another building.
That's next door.
But this one's already been the course or the Comcast.
Whatever, it's been like five different things already.
Yeah it has.
So, oh and before we continue with the show, oh look at this, we got to do the break already because Pharrell was,
they see that and they turn around and walk on.
One thing about QAM Man, every day is Halloween and our lobby with fruit cake.
So, what was it just about to say that was so damn important about Pharrell that you're going to build an ice sculpture to it?
No, but before that I had-well we'll do the break.
I got a book that you absolutely must not buy.
In fact, I got the book that you must buy and read and that's, dude, where is my country Michael Moore?
And when you must not buy, I'll tell you after the break, don't-it don't even think about it.
I am so pissed off at Dr. Arthur Agutsten, you really frost my ass you silly person you.
Talk about an exploiter and a user and a bandwagon jumper and a total piece of crap.
Your book blows, man.
Just a puff piece for all his buddies on South Beach and all his favorite restaurants.
He's probably getting free meals with all those restaurants now.
So did you like it?
You know what it is? It's a freaking recipe book. It just makes me sick to my stomach. I want a puke.
And you know the truth, your name is almost like Dr. Agutsten.
Dr. Agutsten, I probably changed his name for Kwanola.
Probably not. Seriously?
Just a coincidence, I guess.
Just a rip-off and a bad piece of crap. Don't waste money on this garbage, man.
All that does have a nice glossy cover.
10-13 at 5-60 WQAM. How about those Miami Marlin?
Oh! Let's hear it!
We got our pool. We got the Herald Pool. We got a good Linda Robertson article from yesterday, which is about time Linda.
Hey, imagine this. Imagine zero closing costs.
Zero application fees. Zero credit, zero fee.
Zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing in your life.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with interest rate is just 1.95%,
which means if you have a $200,000 loan as an example, you pay only $738 a month.
And once you refinance your good new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never pay closing costs again.
1-800-940-Lend is the number to call to get all the information.
Grab yourself real financing power with the low rate mortgage you can move to your next property
without any further cost or expense.
Only one mortgage from financial group call 1-800-940-Lend for details.
It's a whole new and smart way to buy. There's zero underwriting fees.
There are zero dock fee, zero prepayment, and penalty, zero closing costs, even when you move to another property.
Get financing it's just 1.95% like I said.
Never ever pay closing costs again.
Call financial group today and tell them that crusty old neopolded call toll free 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-L-E-N-D, the Renequal Housing Lender.
Restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
My life and look all this is 4.056-E-Way-Way-Way-M.
I want to bang in the butt, honey.
Okay!
Tonight on Animal Planet emergency vets.
We've got him out of the tiger.
What seems to be the problem?
I think he's choking on something.
Let's have a look.
Oh my god.
It looks like it is.
He's choking on some kind of fruit.
Tiger stone-yed fruits.
That's what Sigfried and Roy thought.
That's tonight on Animal Planet emergency vets.
A follow-by, amazing animal album-its.
Oh my god. He's got fruit coming out the wasoon.
What?
I meant the tiger.
Roy!
1018 and 560.
Speaking of that, illusionist Roy Horn of Sigfried and Roy was moved yesterday to a-to-day.
How come the story took so long getting to a CBS news?
I don't know.
To a hospital almost a month after a tiger attacked him during that sold out performance as
people said.
Horn 59 had been-who gave you these numbers to fangs me by the way?
I scorned my fine.
You could do it.
We'd already pulled him out of his ass.
Brackdomed.
Oh man.
What?
I touched him.
Oh and here's monthly's.
Oh.
Yeah it's a good thing I've only got the copies because he pulled these obviously right out of his-
Brackdomed.
We could have probably also used the numbers for big so we could see how it's spurmed against
everyone in the morning.
Paul and Old Ron kicked the feral's ass.
Can you believe that?
Anywhere under that?
I'm just buried in stuff here.
You ought to see this.
I got buried in crap.
Buried in a sea of crap.
What a way to go though.
Horn 59 had been intensive care at University Medical Center in Vegas till he was transferred
to an LA medical facility.
UMC's Nevada's only top level trauma center.
Publicized Dave Kurvin declined to say where he was taken or discussed his condition.
In other words, they're not talking.
How do you like that?
If you want to see an actual photo of the Tiger attack of Tigger's attack on a Roy.
You can go to our website, neo-rangers.com and see an action figure going on there.
It's a beautiful thing.
Roy!
Why?
It's the funniest thing of everything.
It's the best thing in history.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
You're the man here.
I love you, man.
Yes, ma'am.
Want to talk to you about that book?
What book is that?
The South Beach Diet.
Oh, no.
But here's the thing, neo.
I respect your opinion.
I bought the book and the the the the the puff piece about the uh the South Beach restaurants.
They don't need any advertising as far as I'm concerned, but I mean I never bought it.
I never bought a diet book to follow a recipe.
I bought every book every diet book that's ever been made.
And here's and here's my here's my take on it.
I don't care about.
I don't care about recipes.
I don't follow the recipes, but it really educated me on you know the how your body reacts to certain things.
And I mean I never bought that kind of thing.
I'm not even seriously.
But let me ask you something.
I'm assuming you have way to lose, right?
Yeah.
Well, when you say it educated you want something, what kind of a diet is it when it all it has is a bunch of recipes.
It doesn't give you any guidelines.
It doesn't say what to do.
Huh?
It does.
Where is that?
Right before the recipes, it tells you, listen, right before the recipe, it tells you what you can and what you can't have.
Now, I mean, I can see getting discouraged about all those stupid ass recipes because most of the stuff sounds like crap to anyone.
I wouldn't make it or go there and eat it anyway.
No, wait a minute.
For Jay, you're talking about what says foods to enjoy and foods to avoid.
That doesn't really give you any guidelines.
This is just basically a whole bunch of menus.
Well, again, I didn't go by the menus.
I went by the guideline and you know, reading how your body reacts to certain things, how real sugar.
Right.
But you never bought any other diet books.
No, I never did.
Every other diet book that's ever been written will give you the glycemic index.
It'll give you all the stuff.
So I'm going to dance about diabetes and about carbs and refined carbs.
95% of diet books will tend to all of that stuff.
There's nothing revolutionary here.
Well, I mean, if you still got it ready then I agree with you.
The book is probably crab and I'll wait for it.
It's just a rip off of Ancens, man.
It's the most flagrant rip off I've ever seen.
The only thing he says is, well, Ancens recommends too much saturated fat and an affectable...
Yeah, it's just an affective.
I'm going to be honest with you.
I never follow a diet.
I probably like you, you know, I'll break down and get some fish with ice cream or something else.
Yeah.
I'm actually able to follow, you know, the, you know, quote unquote fear.
So in other words, you're losing weight on it.
I lost like 10 pounds and I don't like go off the diet and eat hot crispy cream,
doing it like I want.
It just, it's helped me.
But like you said, you could buy any other diet books basically do exactly the same thing.
You know what the key is though, if it works for you, keep it up.
Exactly.
Like just like you said with the ass, you can diet.
If I buy it on a diet book, see I'm going to rip out of the recipes because honestly,
have you ever followed any recipe on a diet book?
No.
How could anyone in their right mind, especially a man, how can lusually you're a gourmet,
cook?
How could anybody?
I'm going to record a cream.
I mean, you've got all these eating, all these ingredients, oriental cabbage salad with
the five different ingredients.
And somebody, some of the recipes in here, you're going to have like 20 different ingredients
to make it.
I wouldn't do that just in closing.
As far as the desserts is there, I eat sugar, big yellow.
I mean, it works for me and I get a little sweet, you know, a little something,
and it works for me with a lot of the recipes I'm really nasty.
I wouldn't try it.
It's really hard to find the ingredients behind it.
Certainly.
The theory behind it is a good idea.
If you never had a bad one, rip out all the recipes and it'll educate you if nothing
else.
Okay.
Keep it up there.
I love you, I love you, Neil.
See ya.
Okay.
Look at this.
Dill shrimp salad with herb dill dressing.
Dill shrimp.
Just in the shrimp, there's two for their six ingredients there and the herb dill dressing.
Two for six, eight.
Who do we appreciate?
Ten.
11.
Twelve ingredients there.
So you're talking about almost 20 ingredients just to make that recipe.
Yeah.
Nobody in here by mine is going to do that.
You ever make Dill bread?
And as far as the foods to enjoy and foods to avoid, there's nothing new there.
There's nothing revolutionary.
This is Atkins all over again.
Only he throws in a few more vegetables.
That's all.
And not quite so much heavy on a fat.
It's just modified Atkins.
There's nothing at all new in here.
Like I said, I mean all diet books have got some recipes in here, right?
I've got a little bit of that.
But I would say about, I mean, from after the first 100 pages in here,
the whole rest of the goddamn book is nothing but a bunch of goddamn recipes.
It's a rip off.
How much is this piece of crap?
24.95 US 34.95 Canadian A that I wasted my money on.
Jesus Christ and Joseph went to the South Beach diet.
And I see I'm glad that the one con we had, he's probably the only one we even got the book in our audience.
I'm glad it's still a mouth for him, but for me, forget about it.
I'm just I'm forming at the bottom.
I'm so tired of fat people, including me being exploited by people who want to pedal some goddamn book.
Whether it's Suzanne Summers, you know, I don't, I don't want to be grudge doctor bomb because he's dead anyway.
Right.
No, and he wasn't a nice guy.
You're right. He was kind of a schmidhead and a real arrogant butt butt.
But the fact of the matter is he was way ahead of his time.
How many years ago he came up with that concept?
The idea that these refined carbohydrates turned to sugar in your body and they're going to kill you.
And he's right.
And he was absolutely right.
And now that he's dead, they're saying, oh, you know what? It really works.
Oh, what a deal.
And your triglycerides come way down and your car cholesterol comes way down without taking those dangerous statin drugs.
In fact, that's another thing.
This doctor in here, he's a pile of those statin drugs.
He takes them.
Dr. Arthur Aguizen.
You remember Dr. McColley Kilmer Culkin, whatever his name was?
Yeah, yeah.
With a homocysteine and a fall of folic acid.
He tells you about the dollars they're killing you.
All those statin drugs, a zochore and the lova statin and the premise statin and the up your ass statin, statin island.
All of that crap, all of these things.
What am I getting worked up about?
I'm just tired of people being exploited because we're fat.
Give us something to eat.
There you go.
Yeah, give us something good to eat.
Dammit, how would all this other crap?
I'm in the local, this is five cities.
There are years old yours now.
You in!
That's a very undabossed.
Then it just says joke.
10, 30, 5, 60, WQ.
I am happy.
A Thursday too.
Don't forget Miguel's out there.
Now we'll want to clock ding and dead solutions.
370 South Dixie Highway, Northeast Corner, Les Soun, US 1.
First 10 people to make the $20 donation to the band of Per Rescue and get some of our crap.
Get a pair of tickets to the heat Detroit Pistons gained overnight opening night at the Mickey Irison Arena.
One of 422 arenas in stadiums.
We're going to be having a rendezvous, very soon.
So let's see, now the mo actually beat Old Ron and Young Paul.
In that first hour, can you believe that?
See, I need the numbers for big, would be helpful.
That would be really good.
Those hourly is for big WBGG.
Hello, big ones.
We can see Howard Spurm and who's side by eight.
You see what I'm saying?
Wouldn't that be nice?
Sure.
Did you see the whopping September that we had?
Yes.
That's pretty huge.
Huh?
Pretty huge.
Oh, and that's 10 to 3.
Right.
8.9.
I mean, we did over in the eye.
Well, that's nothing new.
We always used to do that.
Now that we're back intended to, now that we're back in the right time slot,
now that Greg has come back to us senses.
So don't be dicking around with it no more.
This year, in fact, this coming year, that's a New Year's resolution for 2000 and 4.
Don't mess with a lineup no more.
That good idea?
Okay.
No, seriously, just at least through the next year, leave it alone.
Don't keep tinkering and tinkering and screw it around.
The audience likes familiarity.
Even if it's somebody they hate.
Look at Mo.
Absolutely.
They can't stand it, but now they've been there for a while.
They're warming up to them a little bit.
Not much.
5.3 in a 6 o'clock hour and the Ron and Ancien Paul, who hate me like Poison,
and by the way, the feeling is mutual and you're still like a higher Paul.
5.0.
So we beat him like a little bit then they just kick ass.
Look at that.
6.9 at 7 o'clock, 7.48.
As opposed to Mo's week 4.7 and the 4.8 and 5.3.
You follow those numbers?
No.
So from 7 to 10, they just kicked our ass.
So that's something to be said for them.
I have no idea why.
I'm going to show what?
Promote it because it's on FM.
FM.
FM.
That might have something to do with it as in flying mattress.
So we'll get those big numbers.
I'm sure I'm sure that Muff is working on it feverishly right now.
A Fox sports, they didn't do squat.
They had Tuesday midday because they were a non-sports show.
So the sports nerds, some of them went over there.
But other than that, they didn't do crap.
But boy, we sure had an impressive September all the way around.
That's nice.
Now let's see.
Here's a look.
Should we dispense with that chronic in Miramar?
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hi, I'm Colin about a facility.
Something about the Southeast diet.
A friend of mine who I work, his mother actually wrote it.
And this doctor that's on the book's name, he just bought it for Miramar.
So he doesn't even really, you know, he didn't even come up with this thing.
It's just some normal lady that just kind of changed around the act into that.
You know what I mean?
So it's all about the way.
Absolutely.
That's what I have to say.
Thanks for the info, Pali.
You're welcome.
Now why did you put chronic on there?
We never heard from that guy before.
Oh, I know why Scott put him on there because he's trying to get my attention because he wants to thank the hell of the police department.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's never supposed to say something.
I'm giving you that opening.
You can drive a Mack truck through it there.
Well, they have a freight train which they never stole through it.
Yeah, they're still all right with us.
Okay.
In other words, he got the, in fact, both Scott's got speeding tickets this morning.
Our Scott and Farrell both got speeding tickets.
I drove past them.
I thought they were supposed to speeding ticket.
What do you give you a ticket for being a lady early in the morning?
You can't get your ticket.
I'm taking redress.
Thank you, pardon.
Now this is interesting.
George and company.
It's not for Neil and company.
Thank you, Anthony.
Good morning.
I have a pool idea for you.
Maybe you think so too.
Most embarrassing moment.
Yani, yani, yani, yani.
Mitz and son, right?
Not bad, Mitz and son, right?
I'll put it under my pile of poles, under my pool pile.
I was starting to say before we get interrupted by Scott who wants to suck up to the hell in the police.
Don't suck up too much, any Rosenberg will sick him on your ass, okay?
And then you really be in deep crack.
I'll make a note of it.
The interesting part about our pool against the Harold Pool.
Now there's a pool on the Harold website, which I'm assuming was in the sports section of the paper.
Or maybe it's one of those poles that's only on their website.
I don't know.
But obviously it appeals to the sports nerds because you have to click sports
and go to the sports crap in order to get the sports.
Right.
And the question they ask is, should the Marlins get a new stadium?
3,110 people voted as of about an hour ago when I printed this out.
No way they don't need it, 145.
5%.
But you notice, should the Marlins get a new stadium?
They're not saying how they're going to get it, who's going to pay for it?
So the question is, worded week, although not with taxpayer money, 811, 26%.
Sure, they did so well, I don't mind paying.
Right.
1,051, 34%.
And only if they don't dismantle the team, 113 votes, 35%.
So they're positive, 69% to 31%.
You see what I'm saying?
69% say, oh yeah, sure.
Sure.
As long as they don't take the team apart and they're willing to lose that extra $40 million
next season, which I'm really dubious about that.
Our poll, we had 1159 votes, which is pretty good considering it's only one little crappy
AM radio show in a goddamn prestigious Harold had 3,110 votes.
See?
Mm-hmm.
It's not too bad, really.
Plus a lot of our people can't vote on this thing because a lot of our people are
fools and they have AOL.
I'm sorry about that.
Get with it.
Get rid of AOL.
They suck it.
Who should pay for a new stadium for the Marlins we asked, 1159 votes?
Only the team owner is 513.
44.2% almost half people said, oh yeah, they want to build it great.
We'll maybe show up and maybe not, but who cares?
No stadium, no way, Jose, 180 people, 15.5%.
The suckers in Dade, 166.
Incredible.
14.3%.
Only people who don't speak English, 164.
14.1%.
The taxpayers only 79.
That's only 6.8% of our audience said, oh yeah, one of the taxpayers should pay for the stadium.
And only the people who go to the games, 57, 4.9%.
Out of 1159.
Now some of the people would respond by saying, well that's because it's your show kneel and you're so negative.
Well what is the last time that anything that I had to say had anything to do with the result on our pool?
I mean once in a while I'll agree with the result, you know, the end result of the polls.
No, usually they vote the opposite, just to be bastard.
No, no, I mean they vote however they were, way they feel they're all anonymous.
It's anybody who's out there in Radio Land, they don't follow the leader, they don't go step along.
I only wish that I could go step them along.
What did I mention and we beat the crap out of rush?
Not at all.
I glossed by this, which I shouldn't have done.
I still don't have those big hourly's, which I'm sure, you know, it's a little beyond my experience.
They're cooking them up right now.
Are they cooking them?
Yes.
Well, no, seriously, you want to know the rush numbers?
From noon to three, we had a 7.7 share, a 7.5 and a 7.3, okay?
Okay.
I OD at a 6.0, 7.167, we beat them all three hours.
That was when he was still on it before he went into it to dry out.
Love it.
I wonder what Todd Rex is going to think about that.
Oh, rush beat Niel.
Yeah, he hates you too, Todd.
In fact, rush limbaugh.
Either without the Aussie con.
He's the entire QM sales department told me so personally before just before he went in.
So anyway, look at those big numbers, but we're pretty pleased with that.
In fact, it was a smash-ass book.
I noticed that the queue went down, but I like to look at the listenership one way off,
which means we have a lot of very loyal listeners out there.
I love that.
Huh?
Yeah.
Thank you so much and keep it up, baby.
We need your help because believe me, we got Greg Reed.
And don't forget, you're invited to the QM party tonight, the ratings party.
Right, it's going to be at...
Nuh-uh.
It's going to be in Pepperpines to a PM.
Right.
Right?
Well, we can't identify anybody.
I don't know if it's a low budget operation, we might have a bunch of free-loader show-up.
Maybe the guy with the eyes would show up, maybe that crazy, the guy with the hands, they can't get away.
Huh?
They can't come in anyway.
Why not?
The place will be closed except for us.
Well, that's what you think.
They'll knock the dough down to get in.
Now, what's for all bringing his 34-seater?
No, no, the employee's only.
He was threatening to bring her in.
I know, I talked him out.
He's going to leave the rest of her home, but he's bringing her in.
No, bitch is allowed.
Oh, then SCRAN can't be there.
Oh, she's an employee.
Oh.
SCRAN's book.
It's going to pass that South Beach diet like it was standing still.
I'll get back to that book because it really pisses me off.
Now, the guy that called, he was right.
In all fairness, in fact, I even eared Dog God, Dog Year, marked it.
Dog here.
I think I did.
Yeah, here it is.
It's got two pages.
Foods to enjoy.
Foods to avoid.
Well, that's great.
Like foods to avoid, starters and carbs, bread, cereal, manta, oatmeal, rice, all types, pasta, all types, pastry and baked goods, all types.
How about candy?
How about bread?
And if you're looking at foods to enjoy, candy is hard, sugar-free, chocolate powdered, no added sugar.
What is chocolate powdered?
A cocoa powder?
No, no, chocolate powdered.
All right.
Next is cocoa powder baking type.
Just enjoy it.
Sure.
But little to 75 calories a day.
Fudgicle sugar-free.
Those are actually pretty good.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, absolutely.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
I'm going to give you a little bit of sugar.
Now, the longest running motion picture musical in history has been reimagined for the 21st century.
Cherry Brookheimer presents Sylvester Stallone in.
Yo, how you doing?
I see you met my faithful handyman.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
You're pulling the rocky horror picture shell.
Then I hope to the right.
You'll make your way through a rice of me.
Has it just got married rocked?
Yeah, but make your way through a rice of me.
To load his bag as Rocky Fender Boa.
The rocky horror picture shell 2003.
Absolutely.
Coming really, really strong.
Straight to radio.
Absolutely.
1046 and 560 WDQM Happy Thursday to it.
Should we take that call on the Gables?
Yes, sir.
Coral Gables, hello.
Coral Gables.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
How are you doing?
How is your vacation?
It was excellent.
All right, so when storage coming back?
He's not.
I mean, I think you're doing for another vacation.
Yeah.
Get off.
Why is he hired?
We only get assholes from Coral Gables.
I was just thinking that before I punched it up.
I thought it's required to call from the Gables
because we never, I don't think in all the years I've been on the year,
we ever had like a rational calling from Coral Gables.
No.
It's always some Ojramprovakad through asshole.
I think it's an ordinance, city ordinance.
Is that what it is?
You must be an asshole in Coral Gables.
I'm sure that's possibly what it is.
And keep it to that.
That's the explanation.
Just like they don't lot of them like Noah.
Pick up trucks and you're a driveway and Noah ducks and Noah peacocks and Noah rational people.
Team to become Miami Marlins of stadium is built in the city.
The Florida Marlins are agreed to change their name to the Miami Marlins
that the city builds the World Series Champions in New Ballpark.
That was for you.
That probably was.
That was probably Dr. Aguttsden's a boyfriend.
Wait till I read the, this little blurb.
You know, in the back inside the leaf cover.
Arthur Aguttsden MD is a cardiologist who has served on committees of Yadi Yadi,
and this and that.
He lives in Miami Beach with his wife, sorry, and their two children.
That's how they are.
Sorry.
He ought to say I'm sorry.
This is the number one New York Times bestseller of the South Beach diet.
The delicious Dr. Design full proof plan for fast healthy weight loss.
If you've got about 40 hours a day to go in a kitchen and just cook up a storm.
Or if you want to go eat it all of his favorite restaurants like Joe Stone Crab.
And not only does he list the restaurants, but there's the picture of the executive chef.
And some of the restaurants he's got like their whole life story in there.
Like the blue door at Delano at the 1685 Collins Avenue in Miami Beach
with the executive chef Elizabeth Barlow.
And a whole story about the cuisine and the decor and where the tea rooms are.
And here's the China Grill for Washington Avenue in Miami Beach.
Christian Plotchick.
He'll make your pots.
He's the chef there, whatever.
And what is that?
Whoever heard of such a thing.
So in other words, if you live on South Beach or anywhere within driving distance,
you can really get some of these like the Asian Parasalad of the China Grill.
The Roomy Supper Club, a 330 Lincoln Road Miami Beach with the executive chef Scott Ferdell
and JD Harris, who looks a little bit like Roy.
Wow.
This is a fraud as far as I'm concerned.
From where my ass is sitting, this book to me is, I'm not saying that it couldn't work for you.
But what's new here?
What's the deal?
Foods to enjoy lean cuts of beef.
Woo!
Sirloyne, tenderloin, top round, poultry, all types of fish and stuff.
We already know this.
This is Atkins all over again.
With a few more vegetables in the beginning and with not quite as much fat.
It's exactly.
It's just a rip off of the Atkins.
Dr. Bob is rolling in his grave.
And this is the number one New York Times bestseller because those fat people are desperate.
Team President David Samson said that date County and Miami City officials requested the name changes part of the negotiations for new stadium.
It was something Marlon's owner, Jeffrey Loury, and I had no problem with Samson said yesterday.
It was not a negotiating point.
You know what else he said?
We won the World Series.
That's what he said.
Wait.
And people couldn't put, they were a gas.
They were shocked at the sound of that voice.
We won the World Series.
They were just, their eyelids were drooping.
Miami City manager Joe Ariola said yesterday that the name change has been part of the negotiations all along.
It has to be Miami Marlon's and that's all there is to it.
They agreed to it.
But that's it.
Like it or not.
Stuff it.
Miami-Dade Mayor Alex Penga-Pakania has said any stadium deal will be predicated on changing the name from Florida to Miami.
So I guess we have to have the, uh, brow, if that's the case, let's play hardball.
Hard puck, right Scott?
Sure.
How about the, the Broward Panthers?
Right, Alex.
Right.
Or the, uh, Sunrise.
How about the Sunrise Panthers?
Then arenas in the city of Sunrise.
Yes.
Sunrise Panthers.
They really blow, huh?
They're going to beat the Sunrise Panthers.
But when I head home Saturday, let's all get together and go what?
They're going to beat the Sanders tonight.
No, they're not.
Five one again.
I already have my premonition.
Out of a five Panthers one.
I hate to say that because I like to see him do well.
I like to see hockey stick around in Florida.
But it's just, uh, you know, it's like bowling in Czechoslovakia.
It just doesn't compute.
Here's the poll question for today.
Oh, and, and the guy that called yesterday, it was giving me a lecture just like his last asshole from the Gables.
A lot of assholes out there, which we enjoy a lot on the show.
That's one of the reasons so many people listen.
Uh, it was giving us a lecture about, well, you know, there's four billion dollars a year for the Brideg County School Board.
The, the story about, uh, by the Amtus Buddy Nevins, the today's Sun Sentinel.
Lack of money delays, mailings of 80,000 Broward voter cards.
I realize that's in Broward, you know.
It's just a classic example of the kinds of things that we don't have money for in Dayton Broward and Palm Beach.
And all over the place.
So get your priorities straight.
That was what I would suggest.
Here's today's poll question.
What song is so annoying you never want to hear it again?
Now, I don't, I really probably shouldn't say what inspired me for this poll.
Oh, come on.
So it's one of our spots, which we just got through playing with one of our fine spots, which I'm sure I don't know what the music or maybe they did.
I just, I don't want to hear this no more.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, one more time.
What?
One more time.
No, this is how it works.
I'd rather, I'd rather croat.
I'd rather go eat at the edge.
You know, Stonecred.
I'd rather go buy another copy of this book.
I could do this on the table.
I'd rather sell, you know, that's sour horn.
There's nothing worse than a sour horn, believe me.
Ooh, I'm gonna play along with my comb and paper.
That is it.
Oh, right.
Hey!
Hey!
I lost it.
Okay, that's enough.
Oh, man.
That was my choice.
I don't want to hear it.
I can't understand it.
It's part of the whole prefabricated world that America has become.
Everywhere you go, every stadium, every venue, even you go to a meal.
You know what somebody has a birthday party?
They're gonna start playing that.
Rock and roll part one, Gary Glitter, and the other one that came to mind was proud Mary
from CCR for back in my Zeta Days.
I added two.
Okay, let's hear what they are.
Sweet home Alabama.
Oh, come on.
I like sweet home Alabama.
Oh, huh?
I'm sorry.
But again, that's your choice.
Growing up in the South, they just beat you to death.
Sweet home, they like that in Tampa, man.
And just a minute, Leonard.
I'm right knees down, Leonard's skinnered.
I'm sure I spelled it wrong when I fasted it's Eric.
I don't care.
And Funky Town by Lipsink.
Funky Town?
Yeah.
Where do you hear that?
It just never went away.
Why do you just don't like disco?
That's your pro.
Oh, I like disco a lot.
Don't get me wrong.
You don't like Funky Town.
I don't like Funky Town.
Okay, there you go.
The next one is the form to get you started.
I gave that one.
Or a list and we'll put that up there.
We can take the other one off of the area and get this thing going.
Get this turkey going.
Anyway, here's that story by the anxious, obnoxious buddy, Nevens.
Election supervisor, Miriam Olipins office is so far behind in its work that new registration cards have been mailed since mid-July,
leaving about 80,000 Broward County residents without their voter identification.
80,000.
We have a backlog conceded Bruce Elridge, the elections office director of computer systems.
He said the office ran out of money for the printing of registration cards and postage in mid-July.
The office has fielded hundreds of angry phone calls from voters waiting months and months for their cards according to a state report released last week that was highly critical of Miriam Elephant.
The voter cards should begin to be mailed after next week's mailed in election now that the office has received money from the County Commission for New Fiscal Year that began October 1, Elridge said.
Newly registered voters and those who changed the regressor party affiliation will need the cards to vote in the special primary election in Florida House District 91 on January 6 and the general election January 27.
This, by the way, is the same office that we had this through a couple of days ago, have been setting out extra ballots.
Some people, like two or three or some people got it.
The whole ballot, the extra one, that somebody that didn't get theirs.
Also waiting for new cards or voters in as many as 50 precincts that have been changed because the old polling places didn't accommodate the disabled or the landlord no longer wanted to make the property available.
Elephant did not, of course, return her calls to her office for comment. How do you like that?
One of those waiting is Jay Marcus, a team of plantation, his mother Sharon Marcus, said her son registered to vote in May.
When the card didn't arrive, she began calling elections office and was told there was a backlog.
They said there was no money, no money, no money, Sharon Marcus recalled three times in her, no money.
Mitch Myers' plantation went to the elections office more than two months ago and it switches registration and went independent to Republican, bad movement.
He never received a new card, thank goodness.
So we visited the elections office earlier this month, asked what happened. He was told the card was printed but couldn't be mailed to him as required by law because of lack of money.
He still don't have it, Meyer said, which is good because he's a Republican now.
But how do you like that?
Lack of money, 80,000 people in Broward still waiting for their voter cards.
What's that mean? What's 80,000 votes in the country that's got that?
You know, such honest elections.
So there you go. There's just one example out of thousands and thousands and thousands of examples in day, Broward Palm Beach, every damn county in America.
This really, this really cracks me up.
Mimeo official zeroing in on orange bull as area side of the stadium.
It's right, possible new sites are being checked out for the Florida, soon to be Mimeo Marlins but the talk keeps returning to one spot.
The orange bull. You go ahead.
You'll love the tea rooms there. I'll tell you that.
City manager Joe Areola said yesterday the area around the orange bull and perhaps the stadium itself, which University of Mimeo football team calls home, is a top contender.
It's a big consideration. We could fix the orange bull, rearrange the orange bull, build next to the orange bull or probably a better idea, just blow that damn thing up.
I can love this sports 20 or 560.
You way out.
Howard David's a bitch.
Good morning.
I'm on a home lies at the heart of the American dream.
It serves as the foundation of many Americans financial security and the good news is this less than half of all African Americans and Hispanic Americans are homeowners.
We must prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream.
So I have asked the Congress to join me in creating a second obstacle to minority homeownership, permanent complexity and difficulty of the purchasing process.
But government action isn't enough. That is why I've challenged the real estate industry leaders to join with the government in a major nationwide effort to increase abuse even on scrupulous lenders with an overriding and urgent mission, prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream.
And we are doing just that. Thank you for listening.
You're welcome. It's love that I wanted 560 WQM. How's Miguel doing out there at thing in the then place height heard yet?
Well, then some to promising Miguel from now at a lot of clock is a ding and dent solutions.
370 South Dixie Highway that's on the north east corner of Lijun in US one.
That's a hot bit of our audience right there and it's slow.
Huh? First 10 people to make that $20 donation to a band of per rescue get a pair of tickets to see the heat pistons opening night game tomorrow at the Mickey Air Center arena at the place where nobody wants to go and they're doing a good job of doing that.
OK, how's that pool coming? What song is so annoying you never want to hear it again?
Funky Tonets, Georgia's choices leading out of 19 votes. It's early running. Got a lot more to get on air eight votes.
Rock and roll part two Gary Glitter five. Shame on you. Sweet home Alabama Leonard Skinner.
You didn't spell it right five and proud Mary CCR's only got one. Scott actually had a couple of good suggestions.
OK, let's go. Side by self. The macarena. Oh, macarena by the look of the macarena.
Low still Rio. Ooh. And who let the dogs out? Oh, the Bahamas. Yeah. Who let the freaking dogs. Oh my god. I got another one. Yeah.
Who let the dogs out the Bahamas. I'm just right now. I don't mean to write these down to you. No, you don't. You're right.
There's another good one for you. Yeah. Don't worry. Be happy. Bye.
Oh, that. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That. That
That. That. That. That. That.
the hero always is in position of trying to foist over into public anything that they think
is good for them.
Not what's good for the county or what's good for South Florida, like the metro rail,
and like a lot of other crap, and like a lot of corrupt politicians like Jabbush, for
example, all of these things.
I mean, it's just amazing to me how the public just sits there and it's almost like they
love the taste of crap.
You know what, they can't get enough of it.
Have a little ketchup and mayo for that place.
Mmm, that's delish.
Looks like...
Maybe that's in Dr. Aguidston's book too, how a little bit of that crap.
This book makes me want a pupe.
I could write a diet book if I want to rip off Bob Atkinson who better than this.
Well, it's all the rage.
Go for it.
I would like just once in my life to buy a freaking diet book and probably, you know,
and just have no recipes in it.
Nobody is going to cook those recipes.
Am I right?
Even women aren't going to cook those recipes.
No way.
Fact people are going to spend hours in the supermarket loading up the cart with this
kind of crap because when you're in a market, that's a thing.
You were staying to be in because there's all kinds of good stuff in there too.
Guess what I had yesterday.
Uh, for the Hagen-Daz rocky road.
Oh, why would you do that?
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I'm like that song.
The business.
What is it?
I hate it too.
One piece of raping day.
I hate it when I hear it again.
I'm going to kill somebody.
Call me back on a real phone, pal.
Your phones are crap.
Crap it out.
Can we hear from a guy?
Are you all yet?
No.
Probably because he's lined.
They got a line there from here all the way to Alacuipa.
They're lined up by the side by each.
Could be.
Here's a call from Deerfield.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The Pope's Moan's belt.
No, that's what we have here is an asshole on the phone.
Guy.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah, this song that I can't really don't want to hear no more, believe it or not,
I'm 46 years old.
I was in high school.
I was a kid.
I heard it quite often.
You know.
And then for 25 years, I don't hear it again.
And then 9-11 happened.
And that's God bless America.
I mean, I really wish there was a stop plane at it.
You were going to throw up on Kate Smith kicked off.
That would have given them the message.
You know what?
I mean, that song, every time you go to any sporting event, you turn on ATV, anything.
That's all that's singing it.
That's song now.
I mean, you know, it's nothing, not by really.
It really makes me sick in hearing that song.
And I love my country.
You know, it'll get me wrong, but I just think the song is just an inappropriate,
different, you know.
It's just a different story.
But nothing's enough.
Okay, pal, we got the message we could put it down.
Just God bless America.
We don't have to put any artists.
We could put Kate Smith, but he just means in general.
Right.
Don't get it going on Kate.
She ain't feeling too good.
At least, they're not still doing that at the flyer games, which is the reason they're
not going to go anywhere, even though they're hot right now.
They're not playing that like they used to.
They got the Gene Hart's daughter singing the national anthem on my right, Scott.
Yes.
You know, Gene Hart, the great flyer, broadcaster, rest in peace.
And you know what he died from?
You know what he was?
What?
Fat.
Too many tasty cakes.
Gene Hart, he's dead.
Fat kills.
I don't want to talk about it because the audience gets really restless and psychotic when
I do.
But there was an article that we put on a website either yesterday that they before
about how fat has now passed all the other ailments, illnesses, health problems.
Fat is number one.
Wow.
We're number one, baby.
Are you ready for that?
Fat is the number one killer in America.
Forget about smoking.
Forget about all of those other things.
We did it!
Get out of here.
Here's one.
Here's a fact that says, and I see when you send me a list like this, I can't deal with
it.
Can you?
No, that's why I want you to rip this guy.
Okay.
I'm not going to do it.
Now, see, the question is, what song?
Now, and I said I'd give you like a couple because, you know, this is tough to do only
one.
But I mean, to send me a whole list of it, it's stupid is what it is.
Plus satisfaction about the stones.
Well, they're having quite a counter-tomp, so you're about the stones because they're
new, uh, big shots CD that they put out.
Yeah.
This special package deal.
They're only selling it at best buy and one other joint.
They got like some kind of a special deal going on with them.
And so HMV and the other big record chains, even though they came into that benefit concert
in July or whenever the hell was here in Toronto, they're like, they're not going to carry
it.
And the best buy stores are also considering maybe not going to carry it because they're
all distributed by the same whoever it is.
So they're pissed off at the stones.
Loving you by many repetitions is filling curl springs.
Loving you.
Yeah, that's good.
Sure.
I don't hear it that often.
Of course, I know any of this that often is analysts of the radio.
Boy, your life is so much better when you're listening to the radio except for the station.
Don't you agree?
Absolutely.
In South Carolina.
You're like, well, you're in the crap if you listen to any other radio station but
QAM and if you listen to music on radio on FAM.
Other markets have good radio.
But not South Florida.
Listening to FM and South Florida.
Although, well, I don't want to go into my good friend.
And by the way, we still don't want to hire you, old Paul.
We still want to hire you.
PD Lenny ain't going to be calling me anymore to try to get you hired at QAM.
Oh, he'll hire.
Lire, liar.
Funky town.
They're just sucking up to you.
That they were.
How?
Everybody.
Funky town.
Yeah, it's like torture.
It is, but I don't hear it because I was just.
37 votes.
Funky town's got 12 by Lips Inc.
Rock and Roll part two.
Gary Glitter's got eight.
Sweet home Alabama.
Leonard Scott.
I like sweet home Alabama.
I know it's a red neck.
He saw.
I like to two the first 5,000 times.
Seven votes for Leonard Skinner.
Any of them still live?
Maybe the manager.
No.
Proud Mary CCR.
They're still rolling rolling in though.
Six votes for his season.
Now seven just to win up or whatever.
No six.
What else we got on here?
Don't worry.
Be happy.
But I'm just one zero and he don't have the other one like Macarena.
They're not here yet.
We'll get to them.
They're built.
We'll build it.
What?
Macarena.
That's seven.
Oh, like I said, there it is.
It's way up near the top.
Macarena's already got seven.
Good choice.
5, 6, 7.
How about those Miami Marlins?
Lips here for them.
Huh?
Let's hear it for the Florida Heat.
And that's a good idea because nobody cares about that anyway.
Yeah.
I just lend a Robertson article.
I'm just chopping it to bit to read it.
But I'll postpone it a little bit because I don't want to be too negative.
You know, I don't want to pee on everybody's parade because there's still a little bit
moist from all the euphoria from Tuesday.
Here's a call from Coconut Creek.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to put on any song parody that you've played before you come on.
I mean, I love you, but those song parodies, you play them so much because, and then George
plays them and then you have that hour and Wednesday.
So any song parody.
That's not a song.
That vocal Brian's music.
The guy.
You know, that's the same thing.
I just mentioned him.
I said, huh?
Someone came up.
Nice for him.
Nice going.
That's a Hunter.
Brian was recording.
He died or he went away.
And I conjured him up.
Yeah.
I conjured him up just like a like genie on.
Yeah.
I cast a spell.
I conjured him up out of the dead.
That's the vocal Brian haters.
Your sir, vocal Brian's got more talent is little finger in his, uh, you'll ever have
in your whole life.
Okay, you sad loser.
You pathetic.
Well, and George plays them too, which probably pisses off the guy to Gables.
Oh, yeah.
The guy to Gables.
He just wants you to sound to your voice.
He just wants to bust my ball.
Yeah.
That's fine.
Hey, listen, you see, since I come back from vacation, you know, this I have adopted
even more of a dramatically different attitude.
I really mean that.
I just, I don't give a flying crap about any of it.
I really, I should you.
After all of these years, which is close to, but I know what should I care what these
assholes have to say.
You know, I mean, it's, uh, it's just, it's a venting place for a, for a sputum is what
it basically is.
And every once in a while, you get somebody who actually has something to say and you
say, wow, what a novelty.
But other than that, you're low expect much to do the show in your boxers.
We don't expect much in quite frankly.
The folks never let us down.
Now, here's a, what does that mean?
A call from Ding and Dent.
Is this Miguel?
Hey, Miguel.
No, I just picked up my, uh, key chain and my tickets for Sunday's game.
I want to bless you, sir.
Thank you for those awful tickets.
Was it the dolphin tickets?
Oh, boy.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound.
And we're not getting any calls from Miguel.
So maybe he left already.
I mean, if that guy can call from there on his cell, you think Miguel would have called
and give you like a little report like there's going to be here.
And the folks are working again, Miguel.
No, they're not.
I was still working on it.
It's just, it's like it throws me a little bit off.
I don't make any excuses if it's a slightly substandard performance by yours, truly.
But it just, it throws you a little off when you look at that thing and it's like, what
is that thing I'm talking about that black square, you know?
Yeah.
It's been reported.
That's the one where Vincent Price is supposed to be sitting.
Here's higher.
Leah, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a song for you.
I got that one.
Okay.
I think I'm wrong.
That they play in the stadium every freaking game.
That's what I should be on the list.
You mean, that one?
Yeah, beat the crap size.
The beat that I am in as it all funs.
The greatest football team.
We take the ball from Cole to go.
Like no one's ever seen.
Oh wow.
We're in the air.
We're on the ground.
We're always in control.
When you say Miami, you're talking super poker.
uh let's put it on there Miami dolphins
the bullet song yeah I put it on there a lot of
people are tired of hearing that crap already
okay it's a bad song since 72 and it's a matter of
fact I would rather hear the the Phil Henry
one I'd rather hit at Buffalo Bills what is that called
Bills yeah Bills yeah it's called
any day one pointy by the way I can't stand the
well Buffalo has a football ball the greatest in the land
has everybody thinks they're great
cuz they're really hot the Buffalo Bills
I don't know what see what I mean so just sing
what can you say Miami when you say Buffalo
well he sure was great in those days you know it
yeah in those days well get me there look nothing is perfect man
things happen to people you do what you gotta do it's
1113 at 560 WQM maybe you're one of those people is
overpaid I mean underpaid overworked well that's right I
forgot I'm an overpaid talent thanks Stan how's my
two grand coming are you keeping it warm we'll see that no more
maybe you'd like a new high-paying career but you don't have four
weight years and ways to waste on college if that sounds like your
situation we have a solution for you pick up the phone
to call fast train tool three at 1 866 fast train fast train can have you
trained and certified for a new a great high-paying computer network
professional career or a high-paying medical computer
specialist career in his little four months that's correct you can be fully
trained and ready for your new career in his little
last four short quick months fast train offers day
evening and weekend classes they offer you a job placement assistance
financial aid for people to qualify two and they got six convenient
floor to locations including four in South Florida so it just makes
common sense that there's about to be a fast train close by where you live
so if you'd like to change your life get out of your rut get out of your
dinner and tell your boss to stop it here's the deal get yourself some
training and a great uh... profession and big-fat paycheck to go along with it
check them on the web at fast train dot com and make that call and change your
life for the better call one eight six six fast
train my mind and local sports radio five sixty
you and you a m
new from these discount productions yes for technical car thieves
beyond notice you will now be thrown back from any car you try to steal with
the piercing sound of the all new macarena
all right
right
for macarena alarm get yours today
and
i'm
the film with you lucky eleven eighteen five sixty w two and sixty nine
votes but an interesting total what song is so annoying you never want to
hear it again the macarena lost del rio's got twenty
okay that's leading pull away from the pack rock and roll part two gay glitters
doing pretty good fourteen
how is it possible i guess because most of the people are the sporting events are
drunk anyway they're on their ass
right yeah so it's just an excuse to like it up and yeah and of course you see
i don't want to go through it just makes me sick funky town has got twelve sweet home
Alabama ten nine apologize for that because i like that song even though i don't
like them red necks and tampa that be singing it
there are a bunch of nose pickers proud Mary ccr got seven don't worry be happy
Bob and Ferrin got six loving you many references three
i mean that's annoying but well to each his own god bless america's got two you
comey pico bastards and who let the dogs got the baja man has got one
it'll it'll move up you'll see for seventy seven vote
a lot of people lean back until there's comes honors you understand oh yeah
here's port St. Lucie hello hey me how are you pretty good
i got one for you okay don't break my heart my achy breaking heart
hate that song yeah that is a good one
that's my who sings that Billy Ray Cyrus Billy Ray well see i wouldn't know
because he's a nose picker is there really some reason is it is it a genetic
thing that's why that the country people country western i've
mentioned this many years ago which is one of the reasons i can't stand most
country music there's like some kind of an effective gene
yes and they all kind of look like a little bit off
the country in breeding it's not a stereotype yeah it must be it must be it
i mean if you ever seen like a really a good looking country western male or
female or i mean tonight a twin okay but she's an exception she's an alien
she's Canadian a does seem some good looking uh hit chicks
i'm not talking about hit chicks i'm talking about country western singers
hmm are the dixie chicks oh yeah yeah they're about to come in
us right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the in fact Michael
morses if we can't get open to run how about the dixie chicks
am i going to read the Linda Robertson thing now i guess i'll wait it's just
it's just that she actually wrote a good column nice going let me you go girl
teaser here's Hollywood hello hello me yes sir
i have two for you okay we're gonna take it
in approximately twenty six days you will pull
um police love you that by police the hammer okay
uh the christmas song by the parking dog
oh yeah what does that call pardon what what does that call jingle bells
jingle bells by the parking dog don't know
because once once they get the stars that stuff goes
oh that'll just there's not a station that doesn't play him
it's enough to make a wish religion would just go away okay thanks a lot pali
thank you to go choices how about this one
but he's right and they just playing out of the ground all i must say that
because of commercial necessity because the big box
are far bigger and much more important now than they used to be years ago
i mentioned this every year we don't get going down like the youth so much huh
now these to start the whole christmas thing like uh in early november
yeah and man no matter what channel you turned on do it was the same crap and uh
oh and i don't mind seeing a christmas carol every year with uh
alistair sim that's the definitive one of course of course
but uh jesus and not everybody's in that just like that crap with the pope
they it's so disrespectful man there are a lot of us who aren't Catholic
and think he's a silly old man in a dress who's being schlepped around like
some kind of an object and a chair and at the whatever that thing that podium
he's a mobile well that too but they just can't stop but now like i said at
least they cut away back because they realized that the goyamaren is powerful
they used to be even though they got the presidency five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T there'll be other counts castry see like on
playboy channel you won't be getting that you might get something else
where are we going here's uh four-letter hello
meal yes sir how you doing it's morning pretty good
i got a song for you that is really annoying obnoxious
uh terrible and it just seems to never go away and that is ymca
and excellent choice okay thank you and have a great day sir why amc
and i've heard of people in fact the way that's the one i mean there's some
other ones like in the navy i kind of like in the navy because it pisses
all them semen off so that one we got to get on there ymca they also play
that it's sporting venues yeah along with it well the kind of yeah to kind of
play along with it because we know they're all going to take showers together
when the game is over and they'll be snapping them towels on each other's uh
back them parts they play a Yankee stadium little grab ass even a Yankee's
even a very state Yankee stadium they play in ymca when the ground screw comes out to uh sweep up
and yeah green innings it's choreographed they drive their rakes and they uh do the ymca
and the whole crowd does it did the home office of baseball and on the line does the Indian come
out there no they're not dressed up like that oh i see what is your what why not that's a good
a good marketing tool in fact we might be doing that in the new marlin stadium i think go for it
you know i'm not going to pee on anybody's parade if the people in day county are stupid enough
to do it go ahead have a good time you got your metro rail you got your sales the
panpanny sales thing go right ahead and the best part of it is they're thinking of extending
the metro rail all the way out there to this airport so they're could just as easy be a stop
right there by the orsable so we can all go to the marlin games on the metro rail what do you say
no because if you're driving like from Palm Beach county or Broward county it adds easy
and extra 30 to 45 minutes on your drive each way all depending on which way to cross line
because there ain't really no other way to get there all you could hop on the try rail
spill Collins in the air tonight somebody says the worst song ever completely awful
in fact it says the only thing good about it is your drop-in
which i think this guy's got a point we do like that a lot that's one of my all-time favorite
things is that dropping so there you go all in the air tonight
what we're dropping it fill Collins poor little Phil little munchkin ever see him together with
Maddie Bell same person Maddie has more did we get a report from Miguel yet yeah 180 oh well
that's not very exciting that's something yeah it'll save a puppy for a month not much 180 bucks
he's been there almost an hour and a half Miguel is in a QM van at ding and dent solutions at
370 South Dixie highway that's in northeast corner of lezune in us one whether a band and
pet rescue merchandise for the best of needle thing for this year he's got our CDs he's got our
mojauer David Keychains and whatever else he's got plus the first I guess he's got one more
pair of tickets for the heat pistons a home opener tomorrow night the mickier centaurina
because we got 180 that's nine right she thought that the first 10 would have gone like a
halivine Tel Aviv wouldn't you no didn't do it didn't happen you folks are still playing very very
tight with m big bucks and a market man we had that big quarter do you see that oh yeah about the
huge third quarter and the dowels up 16 and the Nasdaqs up seven that's not too much
for the dowels all the way up to almost 9800 the Nasdaq 1943 it's almost enough to make you want
to go back in the market it's not not not almost enough to make you want to be a crazy person how about
let's get some of that chitrix huh okay Brian Murray likes it 26 past 11 at 560 wq my head
a stockbroker once upon a time he was full of chitrix if you're looking to replace the
tarot carpeting in your home let me tell you about laminants or us the easy low maintenance alternative
to natural wood flooring which looks damn good but is very expensive too laminants or us is the
best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top manufacturers in the industry pergole
peridore Wilson art unit floor quickstep they have them all and all of laminants or us flooring is
installed by pergoster to fight installers here's another really good reason why you call them
because their prices are so low they will floore you right now get their fall special for just
1495 bucks you heard me correct just 1495 dollars gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful
lamin wood flooring which is positively unbelievable and unmatchable too and speaking of matching
laminants or us will match any legitimate written offer you can't beat him with a stick for a free
and home estimate column tool free 1 877 777 3336 they really making offer so good you can't refuse
they give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years of beautiful
easy care laminated wood flooring call laminants or us today tool free in Tom that crusty negative
old Neil for need to call 1 877 777 3336
i'll just pause it i'll just play that like intermittently throughout the show
it's evening grab everybody nuts 5 6 7 0 5 60 what song is so annoying you never want to hear it again
macarons in the lead but by big uh just pulling away you see that all i know scary there's good
choice here's a lady in my any hello and she's gone oh that just makes me want to scream 280
280 at the adjoin i mean i i i put her we got her at the head of the pack we put her on her right away
and she still won't hang on i mean i realized you don't have to take him out of your busy day to do
sure couple of times but Jesus Christ on it let's get with it sure you were in the wrong line
what i still see her there like i said i want apology to the nice lady in my any because she's still there
hi Neil that was more fun though yes man hi the worst song the lean beyond my heart will go on from
the way i heard it yes i hate that song with a passion and i hate her too like poison and
Neil can i say one more song sir sure Whitney Houston my other song she screams i can't
remember the name of the song from the movie the bodyguard what is the name of that song George um
humm she thought she saw the song from um dolly partner well wait a minute i got my book what
the wind beneath my wings i can't remember the name of the song it's the one she she rewrote i will always
i will always love something something like bobby brown needs to slap that bitch around a
hell of a lot more oh yes thanks Neil thanks a lot sweetheart i apologize profusely for my
finger being the wrong place i wish i don't want to say the same thing in california but he never
apologized well he did apologize over and over again uh look at all these Whitney Houston songs
you give good head a good love she's bigger than the Beatles saving all my love for you how will i
know greatest love of all i want to dance with somebody who loves me didn't we almost have it all
didn't oh that's one that don't my songs all sound the same mm-hmm right boy oh boy she's got a lot
of hits for a bitch that just screams and whales and the carries on like a lunatic something in common
bobby brown with Whitney Houston oh yeah they got something coming all right i think what we
ought to do after he finishes off with her is like send him up to see Celine Dion and give her a what for
you know five six seven oh five sixty two excellent choices thank you sweetheart see there's so many
on here you know there's probably about a hundred at least and what's wrong with that now
other so we got two eighty yes that's not too bad we'll get up there we've got to get at least
five hundred used to we used to do a thousand on these it was like falling off a log no problem
those were the good old days those were the good old days and of course uh even on qa and we
used to do over a thousand on these van hits even the gelt can't understand what it is that's going
on we got these big ratings everybody in town is listening all the other people are working a
business are listening including old Paul and ancient Ron but uh the fact of the matter is that
you people are getting a little bit things are tight yeah that that was the reason to put that
tremendous third quarter uh goose there in the economy that the market is just barely in the
green today you see that yeah weak it's a little on a weak side i don't want to start being the
voice of gloom and doom even though i'm very very negative and a nasty guy in a son of a bitch and
things like that but it's sunny and beautiful here in Toronto let's give that Toronto weather what do you
say hey huh just to piss off those guys see we would give the south Florida weather but the fact of
the matter is we don't give the south Florida weather we don't care about the weather look back to
William praise sports station so i had no time during the day unless there's some major thing going
on like a hurricane but other than that and the only hurricanes we care about it gear to give
you to ball give me to ball like that crowd right but unless there's something major with the weather
going on we don't talk about it because that's i we don't care about the news on this station in
fact this is the only show you'll hear anything about the news if they're like dropping nuclear
weapons on homestead you'll only hear about it here this is the same station when they had the
world trade center being attacked that we're still talking about sports for another hour because
gellies are more on well let's talk about sports i mean what a call can we say about that
that was one of the one of the most incredibly embarrassing days in the history of this industry
was the day that he just to twirped on for another hour oh let's hear it for Gary later by the
way he's still got those pictures on his heart it's dry unlike Roger Daltry was it Roger Daltry
i think it was Pete he township five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon world's line he was just experimenting around that's right research he was calling
Orlando probably to see who the hell is there hello hey hey don't man pretty good sir excellent
I got two uh songs for Paul yes sir oh yeah man's unforgettable by uh by uh the daughter uh
the coal Natalie coal yeah there's all the 20 different versions she has of it
and other one darker shame man oh what is that fabulous choice what does that mean it's like
duck and dork something what does it mean duck dork ashamed what does that docky chain is something
that germans put around your neck if you look at him cross-eyed all right no thanks a lot
have a great day pali don't keep saying but it's for that there's another person that you know
that's that's a good poor idea somebody wish who would never we wish never would have been born
Wayne Newton isn't that a great poor idea yeah somebody we wish who never would have been born
not just somebody that we hate we've done all those every variety of it of course everybody
and self-made everybody else but somebody we wish never would have been born absolutely oh no
yeah not the moe myster because he gave all the crap you can unwrap right five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty were built in a pretty damn good list but macarena in the meantime our
daughter and around here is just pulling away the stretch opening up a humongous unquestable lead
41 for the macarena rock and roll part two fourteen funky town twelve sweet home alabama's got 11
they love it in Tampa baby they love it in temple terrace they love it in lutes they love it in the
song too man i'll tell you them red next they'll rub up against anything don't worry be happy
bobby mcpharan nine who let the drugs out the baham in nine mimey dolphin number one song seven
oh probably from those of us who aren't too crazy about the dolphins Brian greasy's plant Sunday
baby look out i sure hope for their sake he can stand up straight mimey dolphin song number
it's got eight now proud Mary seven loving human e-rippered in six god bless america five kami
pinko's out there we're gonna trace those votes five achy breaky hard billy race Cyrus that's
not how you spell Cyrus is it isn't it see why r us i don't know get serious two jingle bells the
barking dog two in the air tonight Phil Collins got a pair they're in the air they're swinging
for east navi dad por Jose Feliciano maybe this we're ear he can see his way clear to not sing it so
much i do like the star spangled banner though by Jose Feliciano remember how controversial i
was no you don't know why i think that was like in the late sixties and was back during the
Vietnam war and all the stuff going on it was just considered to be so just respectful and very
controversial it was great though it was on our c a victor records our c a uh why i'm c a
of those people's got one and none yet for Celine down Celine by the way spelled with a c not
with an s whatever i don't know although it would be appropriate if she had an extra name because it
would stand for my life and love this is four three oh five six you know you can weigh yeah
we did it it's the heavy metal consummate the year
you're happy middle of the year featuring the king of heavy metal very manel of very manel of
oh
Qu something
I
I'm very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,, the rest of my life, with her very much is very important for me as I am, very, very much of my life. warfare as there a group of structures within me, as there are many very, few in the number of at times, that are a group of structures within me, which I am on the mountains, that is very important for me
RAAA, okay! I'm gonna use the a!
It mayorinland!
We're gonna stare at the youtuber and otherareas
Flashmolinellney
Read a thief gets
When you're mir adults
In a Kevlar- uma
Throw me a n nouns
The men are fed
Once can live
It made a man
Natural white preview of really the sun
Now we take 11 different paint mills
Leaves are all stake over his black eye
Gensie should a married dance of females
Or maybe a guy
Lies a manelli used to have such class
But recently he opened a calum
Not so long ago the Tuesday had been
Talkin' and laughing with Larry Kayn
Before they knew what happened things got crappy
Maybe because she can't sing
Herk
Certainly one of the top 5 baghags of all time
I was trying to say it and I forgot
More materially
I can say people 5 bucks
Great way to raise more money for a band and pent-rescue
This book plus tax of course
The South Beach Guide is 2495 plus tax
Let's just round it off and say it's 25 bucks
If you donate 20 bucks and get one of our CDs
Or to Mohawar David Keychayner or whatever from a band and perescue on our website
So there you go instead of 25 it's only 20 and you saved the 5 bucks
How many recipes are in the CD?
I'm telling you right now that I'm doing your pubic service
Oh here you go Alex who is just chronic with the facts
He says to me the most annoying song of all time is Musgraut Love by Captain Shlameel
Musgraut Love
Although I would say that Love won't keep us together with much more in the end
But that's okay he didn't vote for that he voted for Musgraut Love
And poor Alex he's always getting screwed on a pole so stick it on there
Stick him on your head and on the pole
Don't end it
Okay
Absolutely
Here's an excellent choice how could we have forgotten this?
Well like W. Facts is this one in?
He says he can't remember who's saying it unfortunately I can
Tony Orlando and Dorn
Tyah Yellow Ribbon on your hemorrhoids
Tyah Yellow Ribbon around the old oak tree
Good Golly are they annoying?
They're in the same category with me for that pole box if there was somebody who you wish wouldn't have been born
In addition to which I'm like Wayne Newton he also became born knowing when he became a born again fanatic
Scott came up with another one even though he had the wrong artist
Okay
You light up my life
Debbie Boone
Oh my god the old Boone in the box
In fact that would make a lot of people happy
You know something that's the winner that's the definitive one right there
But it's good that we gave everybody a handicap
Right
I had to start for an hour and a half with all the other ones
Because that one is going to go shooting up the list
That is probably the most annoying piece of Schmidt that ever was laid on vinyl
I mean just an absolute piece of garbage
Well it's no wind beneath my wings
No that's a lot of John there
Betman will be having put that on there yet but let's get it on
A lot of people did that too
A lot of people did that too
I mean it was okay it was emotional and schmaltcy
But Jesus Christ bed I mean after the first 40,000 times maybe not 40 but
30,000 it just got a little bit freaking ponderous you know
Let me read the article real quick because I don't want to forgive it
Okay
Stady and politics jump aboard the bandwagon rights Linda Roberts in the yesterday's used to be prestigious Miami-Herald
The Marlins were in the middle of one last sweaty exuberant group hug Tuesdays
The World Series champs paraded through South Florida
Be fitting our fractured Megalopolis
The hometown team wasn't faded with just one parade but three in three different hometowns
Plans for a fourth on air boats through the Everglades were shelved through the scratchy uh scarcity of voters out there
Everybody especially the politicians wants a piece of the novelty item now which begs the question
The Marlins are too polite to ask
Where were you in no hope June, jaded July, hotter than Hades August and suspenseful September
We don't want to rain on their parade thankfully no retractable roof was needed on a clear day
But we have to wonder if we'll see so many baseball fans converging on Miami-Discume for the Marlins ever again
Would they consistently pack a new downtown ballpark or would they jump off this bandwagon as quickly as they jumped on
Would they turn off to see baby faced Miguel Corbira and rifleman Josh Beckett who plans to beg as many deer now as he did Yankees last week
If we build it would you come with the question that crystallized in state representative Ralph Arza's mind Monday night
He put it on a poster board and Miami City Commissioner Joe Sanchez held it up for the crowd paying homage to the Marlins at the Bayfront Park amphitheater
Yes we will they cheered
Now that would be a sight even more amazing than these Marlins the fickleness of South Florida's fans is what our government leaders have to weigh very seriously
Even as they work out the details of Marlins owner Jeffrey Laurie on a tentative stadium financing plan that was announced Tuesday night
There is no denying that this is a lousy sports town
South Floridaans may shake their tan fannies at Chicago, Boston, Detroit or New York but people their support their teams Rainer shine
Snow or drizzle winter lose except the Tigers we should be so lucky to have Steve Bartman in our stands we could use a few thousand more die-hards
The Marlins heat and panthers don't draw unless they're winning
The University of Miami football team only the best in the country for most of the two decades doesn't draw unless it's playing a name opponent
We lost the Fusion Soccer Club which is supposed to be a no-brainer with our diverse demographics
We lost the WNBA Soul our college basketball team struggles to fill seats
The dolphins have always been solid we like NASCAR NASDAQ tennis and golf tournaments but those come in bursts
What about the long haul over 162 game baseball season?
We ask our elected leaders to please think with a level headed not one inflated by visions of power elbow rubbing in the VIP suite or phony major league city and economic impact rhetoric
Your constituency is smarter this time around we hope
Go through too many of millions of hard earned tax dollars at for a for profit corporation run by an extremely wealthy man as you did for Mickey Erison
And his American Airlines arena and Wayne Hypinga and his national car rental the Anthocenter keep the communities endless needs and perspective
Laurie is an a tighter pinch of course as Marlins are projected to lose 20 million dollars this year
And he's got to come up with an extra 40 million just to keep this roster intact and he stuck with a lousy pro player stadium lease thanks to Wayne Hypinga
But a new 325 million dollar facility is not necessarily a magic bullet the fans have got to be loyal
The message from Arlen's management was cleared to his day if we don't betray you then don't betray us
I want to put everything to rest because I'm tired listening to the same question Laurie told fans
This is not 1997 this is 2003 we are not this meddling thank you
The politicians including three different mayors and the county commission cheer will come and resist getting on stage to do their best cheerleader impressions and take credit for for what?
Everything about the downtown celebration was so Miami late loud and cartoonish
Thank goodness for manager Jack McKinley doesn't have a posturing bone in his body
I thought you were going to introduce me as another mayor he said when he was finally got his turn to speak
Unfortunately the players didn't get an award in edgewise but we did see one Pierre JP and don trail will is rapping and dancing
We're number one y'all JP saying this unreferring team gave us a sweet October
Don't they deserve the same attitude from their fans starting an opening day she asked good collar by Linda Robertson
And she's got a thumb right on it the fickleness is out for the fans and there's no denying it's a lousy sports town you got it honey right on girl
5 6 7 0 5 60 you watched that you light up my life by Debbie Boone goes skyrocketing that's my prediction
I want to change my vote what song is so annoying you never want to hear it again the macarena 54
Who let the dogs out 17 rock and roll part two 16 the Miami dolphins number one song 16 funky town lips ink 14
Don't worry be happy 13 sweet home Alabama 13
Losing you nine donkey chain eight God bless America eight proud Mary eight my heart will go on Celine's Dion seven YMCA
5 I will always love you Whitney Houston 5 8 keeper in fact you got to be happy that you got the crappy out of her repeatedly
Sure a key breaking heart Billy Ray service for Feliz Navidad for in the year to night fill Collins for jingle bells by the market dogs has got three
A pair for Konga glorious step on it just went on it will move up I honestly love you by Olivia Newton John one unforgettable by Natalie Cole
None none really not with that competition build me a product of foundations none which that's amazing
It's been on there a minute or two and that thing magic place it like every 30 seconds the thing about unforgettable and I will survive
I glory gain or none and one we just the Debbie Boone on there yet get around there you will light up my life
I'm not off it's sent
Yes you were saying the thing about unforgettable yeah is that it's really forgettable
I don't hear that much because I'm not listening to the radio I forgot about it and
Duff says that Maddie Bell is he can't find him he can't nail him down to get those big numbers for you that you want it
He's got to get those from Maddie Bell apparently a squeak Maddie got really tired of all these people like high boy and other people getting into the task camp program and locked everybody out
Yeah so now you got to see Maddie or see this even the operations manager in the program director that sounds a little bit arrogant to me Maddie
You little pips squeak or saw your little guys you know always trying to push your weight around which ain't much I'd step on his ass
I'd step on his ass and just threaten to like dig the cleats and until he gives the game a key like like in a fatso remember
Yeah we're running around the junior was running around with the keys and his mouth
Get the honey junior yeah five six seven and fact this the slap Maddie on the back of the head then we'll pop right out
Here's a call from my any hello
They'll yes sir hey what's worse than the most viral brain-breaking song ever made it's a small world
It's a small small world
And hold on my wife just left that ding and dent place for the CD and she's
Needless to guys know that Miguel only has four more season skybox tickets for the golfers but
Okay thanks for the good news
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five six
Six hundred two something's wrong I think that's right
If I don't want to well something we're getting like you'll see there'll be something a
Cheager in a wood pile everything's happening too well where's you light up my life with Debbie Boone I'm telling you there they're just
Dying to claw their way to the computer to vote for that thorn on her yet
Ericist he's just giving a like a you know like a little lag little gap
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale hello
I can wait oh
Yes, I am hey Neil love you show thanks for coming extra five seconds man every second counts I'm sorry hey I need I got a song for you and
If I that deliver a lot here country music guard Brooks friends and most places
Okay
Love you pali
I want to name the song I don't know come on you're a Garth Brooks fan sorry
You're a country man and a Garth Brooks fan just Johnny he's
I don't know well I'll let you worry about it because you're the ones that are putting this stuff on her I'm not even writing them down no more
I'm too busy trying to burn the South Beach diet book it really burns my ass I'll tell you that I
Mean I don't even know how to spell Brooks the shameless I mean here's the 1220 at the tides from the menu 1220 ocean drive by me beat cherry snapper servic
Now isn't that something you're gonna be you're gonna be cooking right in your kitchen
I have just tasted your snapper right and you know what else he takes forever to get that taste and smell how do you
You tell him Henry that's what Roy said by the way Henry your fat
Henry probably brought a few copies of the property Adam the South Beach died or he just he just ballooned up like a cow
He'll be amazing somebody else was telling me about somebody who like that real real fat who didn't used to be fat I'm trying to think of who
Who don't what was
Oh one of the waiters in a restaurant and Rome that you wouldn't know nothing about John was telling me about this
He used to be skinny and you know what his name is?
Derek Sarder who saw me to you
Fabrizio but a part of America yeah he that's that's really his name Fabrizio and his little truck to real restaurant and every
He was eating up all the profits because he balloon used to be a skinny punky guy with glasses and I was a big fat balloon guy who's got like a jury
Lewis face not balloony no
1213 at 560 WQ and big news speaking of that car
Howl at potty act GMC's just been voted the number one potty act GMC leader
We need county and customer satisfaction and Tom limited Jopato want to thank their lower customers for their support and we thank them too
Stop by howl at potty act right now and check out these amazing deals check out the potty act vibe
Normally retelling for over 20 grand but now fully loaded you can get it for just 16 5 plus tax and tag at howl at potty act GMC
Unbeatable howl at your truck headquarters to with over 300 to choose from including the Yukon and Yukon
That's what it says here the Yukon and the Yukon and if you don't like that they also got the Yukon and coming soon the new envoy
XUV the most unique SUV on the market if you don't like that one check out the Yukon great
Neal deals every day at howl at potty act GMC
13401 South Dixie highway that's US run across from the falls open every day
Seven days a week and they know that Bob Eisenberg's an asshole. They'll be glad to tell you that for more info on the Neal deals
Called the Neal Rogers Neal Deal hotline toll free at 1.88534 40 to 11
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all offer subject credit approval
See our good friends and howl at four details. That's howl at potty act GMC where they got the Yukon waiting for you
They are professional grade
We take you now to a meeting of sex addicts anonymous in Orange County, California
Yeah, I
Been a sex addict for five and a half years. I do it five times a day with my gardener my obstetrician my
Optometrist my garbage man and my produce girl and other people that I don't know who they are
Okay, Jose. Well, you know that's wrong right? No. Well, that's why we're here. My name is Bobby
Hi Bobby
I'm
Okay, thank you Bobby. I don't get to talk much in this group. Okay. Well, why don't you tell everybody? What I do you?
Bobby, we've talked about this before. Yeah, I don't remember talking about it once you get your jeans off
Why don't we just tell everybody exactly how your problem developed? Oh, no, I have one so I use it
Okay, and now I'd like to introduce everybody to a new member of the group want you come up here and tell everybody who you are
Hello, I'm Eric
Apparently a my sex addict. I don't think I am I mean I definitely not no, I mean either my wife left me
Howie Barry you've been going howie Barry? What are you sick? What's it matter with you? Yeah, man
I just smell the stray you perform. Well, have you ever thought of me be buying this berry?
Different perfume's then. Yeah, man
That just covers up the same old peach basket. I just a phone question for you Eric. Um, what kind of sick ticket cheats on howie Barry?
If we could all just gather around Eric and pick him up the tick-mob side and let's beat him within an inch of his life
Oh
He got up my life is only got one vote wow that is shocking you can knock me over with a feather duster
20 past known at 560 WQM. Let me say it again do not all my fed friends out there do not
Waste your money on that book the South Beach diet by Arthur Aguistan MD
Oh my goodness. He owes an apology like I said his wife's name is S.A.R.I
Sorry, and he ought to be saying that to everybody who paid money for this book. Oh, sorry
sorry
Because it's just a weak lame awful ripoff of the Actions number one and number two has got a bunch of gratuitous but sucking
Pions stuff you must be just eating freebies at all these damn restaurants over on South Beach, you know what?
Yeah, I lose so 1747 Alton Roadmime Beach
There's executive chef and owner Michael Deandreia probably kind of Tom Deandre who used to play gillus on life or Riley
Oh, and there's Joe Stonecraft saying they always beware of people at sucker maladies
Those kind of plastic place I think people that eat free at rest from you only people that we like are the mad dog
And Hank hey stupid who eat it Joe Stonecraft anybody else who eats there we can't stand them right right?
In order to be his name eaters because they get treated like royalty and they get choosed a lot and probably are you know get freebies
5 6 7 0 5 60 by the way speaking of freebies what those are friend mr. Ego doing now that Burton jacks went bust
Now that they had a close down because of the
9 11
Enjoying a poverty ladone man. Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. Oh, man. Oh, she's like out of dumpsters now
To feed that extended family of his dumpster diving here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hey, New York's going pretty good, sir
I hate that's that MTV song. I hate that song. The dire straits. I want my MTV. Oh my I work from
On the TV's and the microwaves just put the tap down
You know what I'm saying. I know what you're saying. Hey listen one other thing. I was thinking about Neil
You know one thing I miss about the show kind of
Most of them when people used to call in and sing for you, you know, sing songs to you. We've had a couple of singers today
And we yeah, I missed it. This guy could try that. I remember that one that that one that oh jay
Remember that guy who sung that oh jay song to you?
Absolutely that was the bomb when he said that think about you got to keep your butt against the wall
About lost it
That was so are you about a teen eternal right right that was awesome. I'm looking for right now. I'm searching. I'll find
I love those man. Yeah play a couple of those and people get a life
Okay, no for Neil call him have a right day. We come to come out a little bit
Oh
What have you got
Why did you leave the bloody glove
That what were you thinking about?
You almost got away
Instead of driving around the freeway
You should have been on
All your friends
You
They say
I'll
Oh
Man you could play
I used to watch you
You
Now you walk around
He's
You gonna do the time
Remember to speak with your back to the corner or you'll be walking like
You
Kill the cold yeah, we know that guy actually had a little bit of talent. You know, I know a missed that guy
He was good
Those are the good old days, you know the guy of the colors right we used to have a lot of that stuff going on now
Basically what we got is money corn we got that which we haven't even had that today yet
Well
Now we don't have that no more either. He's probably I do do it. Oh, yeah, you have it last week sure well every day
We had a job a lot better put my glasses on there's so many damn calls and I'm getting like dizzy
You got a plus. It's is now I realize why palm best it says I was wonderful
Here's a call from palm best hello
You Palm Beach yes, sir. Hey, how are you? Love your show. Thank you, sir
Hey, I got one that just it should be right up there with Macarena
Okay, every time I hear it. It's a guy in that yellow zoo things mombo number five. Oh, yeah, Lou Vega
Yeah, it's on drives me nuts every time I hear it on the radio. They don't play it
Play in the ground
Shocking have a great day pal. Thanks. All right. Thank you, too
Absolutely ladies and gentlemen. This is rainbow forward five
Oh you
Okay, we got it got it mombo numero about chinkway
What about seasons in the sun by Terry jacks work would be more nausea in that palm
Miami you got an excellent and now I'm waiting he says wait maybe muskrat love by Captain Shlamiel
So there's two for muskrat love so we got that yet. We got him seasons in us
Wait, wait, wait, wait, not always that annoying, but it's very depressing. It's morbid and
wants to make you carry those already what does
The sun
Seasons in the sun got two votes
Also, in other words, you just passing the back of the head. Yeah, I don't have time you already stuck them on air
What about Debbie love boon to in the box
Uh, where the hell is that you know, we gotta get a hold of that
We're gonna put that on our website, you know a hold to what the muskrat no that old hustler magazine that had the
Oh the boon in the box with his penis through the cardboard box
So he sent us a picture of that what's the point? Debbie boons only got two uh votes. What do you mean?
What
What do you mean they sent us a picture of what the boon in the box? Oh, well, I had the original and then of course
Hustle magazine got all been out of shape for whatever reason and we had a stop sending him out. We were mailing those out
But if we put it right on our website because back in those days there was no internet and of course nobody had no computers
So now that we can got our prestigious website we could put Pat Boon's penis right there on our website when he was
A young and hung and looked at me good too. I'm good embarrassed to say he did look good. She did ps
Debbie used to look. Oh, yeah, well she came from a big pair and surely holy who never looked good
She was nasty looking bitch p.s. George I'm glad my little observation about how moe how it was the worst of the art
Vark on the end of the art vark her tomb cracked you up whatever that man was right. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
Here's another one this could be it
This could be it our good friend Alan who's a chronic fracture
Morris what's his name Morris Albert Albert yes feelings. He's got that's it. That is it
Whoo
Holy Toledo
Here's another one. How about a pull of who the following is the most talented actor?
Oh, this is good a bunch of people that have no talent. Okay, that's not bad. I'll stick that in my my pool pile
27 past noon at 560 wqm if your hair has left town
Without any advanced notice if it's disappearing if your bald spot is the only thing on your body that's growing very much
Here's the besides your puppet. Here's the answer for you chuck alpha. Erie. He's the best in the world
His natural herline system looks like the real thing like it's grown right out of your scalp
Which of course is why we call it the natural herline system is opposed to everybody in town laughing on their ass falling on the floor
Pointing at your head and saying look at that
Take a puke at that now. Now check out theory in fact people wouldn't even realize that it's not the real thing
That's how good it looks Charlie's been doing it for over 25 years and they have nothing loose but his bald spot because
Everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee after 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
If you're not getting more action than you're thinking to handle Charlie give you a full refund
So call today mentioned your Rogers. I'll knock an extra 200 bucks off the already very reasonable price
They'll get your ass in there sitting on give your free consultation and show you with no obligation
Just how much better and younger Charlie can help you look call tool free and say goodbye to your bald spot forever
Call 1-800-321-2413
That's 1-800-321-2413
Log into his most prestigious website and as uh tristratford says Charles affawery.com
This is 20 or 5-6
Q-A-M
Just tell me what your problem Dr. Phil the element weight solution is number one in the New York
Constable that's selling book in America and there's not one thing in that book that is grounded in the scientific
Doctor Phil off the top of his head and eat your advice exactly. Let's go to your calls curdalene Idaho. Hello. Hi Larry. Hi. What's the question? Dr.
Phil I just started a new diet my doctor gave me um any words of wisdom you are going to fail
You're not going to get back to that weight camp of Laura. Hello
Hey guys hold on one second. I'm opening up a bucket twinkies twinkies whatever the first step. What's the question?
There I should hold on a second. I'm eating a twinkie. Great. How's the question?
Uh do you know how late the dairy queen is open 24 hours a day seven days a week?
Binge for revenge one more call wins well man. Hello Dr. Phil both my parents work
I have to fix a lot of my own meals
What should I have for breakfast ice cream cookie are you sure no question about it
I teach you said I should have fruit or cereal or something bad idea or that's not healthy
That's not good. We'll be back with more Dr. Phil the element weight solution. Yes number one in the New York times list
Course no calls after this binge for revenge. Uh, I love it. I'm gonna get back at you right now
1233 at 560 to put a Q.A. So I thought that the number one New York Times best settle released this is on a book is the South Beach diet
But it's fat headed Dr. Phil who's well, it goes to show you birds of feather
I'll pull one over on the public together. Don't buy the South Beach diet book. Okay folks. It's a piece of crap by the Atkins book
At least it works
And at least he originated and he didn't rip it off from a dead man
Susie and Weston says I know exactly where Steve Keynes eating these days
We saw him at Chordy's last week where you get to dinner for something like 850 foods great though God would minute
And of course the Metro road goes right right. You don't have to drive that is correct
So you can sell your car and eat there all the time
Oh, let's say here now. This is interesting from Ricky who says
The island George correct spelling of Donca Shane not die while we got us spelled wrong under but it's so cute
Yeah, I've been birded-changed it German for thank you very much. Okay. Yeah, oh not pronounced Shane more like shurn
Is what Ricky says so she must be Truman you understand the Gestapo from stress
That's right Ricky. I'm a large Ricky
Esla Katlaya of course the Donca Shane the way she wrote it with a two little dots over the e which is that very Truman way
That Ricky like the letter that looks like a B but it's an S
B S like in Strasse, La Strait
You know I'm saying no. Oh, what have you never been there?
You never been anywhere George once your friend Alvin to take care of all these places
All the high spots he gets out of the back
What is good? Let's you use the apartment use the apartment
It's really a sad tale you know what
Yeah, it is a man who became a self-made millionaire and rose to the top
He used to be slim and in all those porn movies and had a lot of great ideas and big pair of balls and told everybody to screw up and
Screw magazine and screw this and then he did and then they screwed him
They nailed his ass to the wall and boy believe me in his case that took a lot of nails very long very long big spike a big spike
So it's kind of bad, but of course the QAM we don't feel too bad for him because well, you know why
280 votes and a lot of them don't have any yet, but they'll get there unforgettable by Natalie Culls god one
Let's go from the bottom
Muscrat love kept it in slameels god one. We've only just be gone Karen come on please a little snack would be nice
Anything how about one of them little cheese things? What do they call those?
Cheese stick five thoughts are really that good no not well. I like that, but you know you just unwrap them like in
By the way, by the way talk about an educational program. I don't want to get anybody nervous. Yeah
But you know the ones I'm talking about are the ones that are wrapped like in polyethylene just string cheese string cheese
The polyethylene
Because on a plane coming back from Amsterdam to Toronto
There was an interesting guy's in next was who was from Sweden and he's in like the
Marketing business and he knows all about the foods and packaging and the whole thing
And he was telling us that the polyethylene in which they packaged like cold cuts and cheese and stuff like that
That the cancer causing agents and there are much more harmful than even like the nitrites and stuff in the cold cuts
Because it leaches into the right whatever's inside of it
Remember I used to scream about the bottle water the people go out and they buy bought the cheap bottle water in those in those containers
We can actually smell the polyethylene
You can smell the cancer before he's there drinking it
And it's the same thing with this which I was never aware of so probably a good idea to go to the deli counter and get it sliced fresh
Whatever you're gonna buy and just just this suggestion based on a guy who seemed to know what he was talking about
Getting back to the pool. I'm so sorry. What inspired me could oh the string cheese. Oh Karen come on have a slice
Can't hurt
Let's see. I will survive Laura Gainer one honestly love you Olivia Newton John. She used to be married to Madele of pansy, you know it two
seasons of the Sun theory jacks three feelings by Morse Albert just put it on it's already got five that zoomed up there
You let up my life Debbie Boone five that'll also zoom why amca village people five in the year tonight
You can smell it Bill Collins has six
A key breaking heart. Oh, now that should be doing better because you know they really I mean they bury that even even
Something like me who don't I go out of my way to avoid country music. You couldn't avoid that no don't break my heart
My A key breaking if he just makes me sick in fact the whole country music thing makes me sick
Where's Marty Robbins when we need him that Kanga Gloria Stefan six he's still dead
How about the guy that Rick Sanchez hit?
Felicia Navidad Jose Felicia on oh seven Jose Felicia on oh great voice, you know
Yeah, I don't want to I don't want my better answer what don't you showing don't ca shiren way Newton eight
You know what that means?
What I can't sing for crap. I will always love you Whitney Houston A jingle bells the barking dog eight loving you
Many ripperians got nine there's another country western bitch my heart will go on saline D on nine
And by the way, we'd like to deport her from Canada with your letter in the US. Oh, we'd like to get her out of here
We're sick and tired of that bitch the way a
Proud Mary CCR 10. They're still rolling
They're rolling the big fat ones like they were in Amsterdam god bless america 11
I saw one guy I roll a joy out of a goddamn newspaper. Yeah, I did that sweet home Alabama Leonard Skinner 13
At least it wasn't the hero. Don't worry. Be happy very mad Brian McFa
What is it McFerrin Bobby McFerrin 15 primac Farlin?
Funky town lip sync 16 rock and roll part two Gary glitter only 17. I guess they like it. I don't know. You think they like it? Godson fourth
I know, but it's only got 17 votes look at the competition. It's got oh
I'm sorry, but that thing it's just you see that's because you don't go to ball games and stuff hockey games right?
Over it. It's like they got a barrier with this like right? They just won't leave you alone over and over and over again
High school pet rallying any marching band. Oh
I mean it was catchy at its time. It was good and it was great to get the people excited and whipped up and
And but changes Christ already enough with it come up with something different
Oh
Oh
Who at the dawn's got by the baham in his third with 23 the dolphins number one song is number two
28
and number one hands down your pants leaving the pack life in the miles the macaw in a low-stell
wheel 66 it's often running
oh
Oh now I know there is no god
1240 20 to 1. I'll see I don't know the redneck who sings it, but I'm proud to be an American as the worst song ever produced by man
I think it's a seems thing seems song for fox news
It says thank you Ivan and my amnesia they played it every weekend during the Iraq war. It's called god bless the USA by league greenwood
Oh
Get that on there right away as the US a that's what I was ever stopped playing that as a DJ, but
But yes, yeah makes me want to puke anyway 19 to 1 a Q and we got the little dogs your roast for the mad dog
It to the Humper with three hours today
I should hope he's taking his vitamins man three solid hours
That's got to be longer show he's done it about six months
Panther preview at seven Panthers that Ottawa 730 in Canada
You know where that is Scott canada up there that's a K canada with a K as opposed to Canada with the sea a
DA C and K after the game enjoy Mark overnight 2 to 5 imagine this imagine zero closing calls zero application fee
Zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing in your life
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group is what we're talking about now within amazingly low
Rock bottom rate is 1.95 percent
That's only 738 bucks a month if you have a 200,000 out of loan once your refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group
You will never ever pay closing cost to gain call 1 800 9 for Oland and check this out
Please grab real financing power with the low rate mortgage you can move on to your next property without further cost or expense
Only one mortgage from financial group call 1 800 9 for Oland for all the details
It's a whole new and intelligent way to buy there is zero underwriting fee zero dock fee zero prepaid and petally
Zero closing cost even when you move to another property get financing it just 1.95 percent and like I said only moments ago
Never ever never pay closing cost again call financial group today. They'll explain it to you
There's no obligation call 1 800 9 for Oland
That's 1 800 9 for Oland
E.M.D. Be sure to mention Todd Dress name when you call the Renekuil Housing Lender Restrictions Apply rates have to change monthly 5.19
APR
Local your sports radio 560s you a few a.m
For the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Coming up tonight uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
He only had one hit but God help us it still gets played he was Christopher
Well, it's a love song, you know simple is that Christopher uses on the success of his incipited erection destroying ballad
I just found out the here in the States. It's one of the top 10 songs you Americans play at your weddings
And I'll tell you something. I've never seen a f*** in penny of that
His lack of future success having left him with nothing better to do
Christopher scours the American society pages looking for weddings to crash so he can set his accounts in order
All right everybody grab the one you love and join our bride and groom Ron and Nancy on the dance floor
Oh Ron honey. I love you so much. I love you too Nancy. Hey, who's that? What?
Oh yeah, who is that creepy guy watching us from the hallway?
You think you're gonna wait with this do you?
You owe me 79 cents. You're happily married scum. Who the hell are you? That's my song you worm
Don't think I haven't been to other weddings today
You're not gonna stop me from meeting my goal of taking on with 395 and royalties this weekend
Christopher let this be a warning to anyone planning a wedding
Have people dance to a less s***ly song you'll save yourself 79 cents
It's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight on inside of behind
447 we got another quarter hour soma girls over there. I think at ding in the dong
ding in densillusion is a 370 south dixie highway how about that song ding in dong which is dead
That's on the northeast quarter of las uinen us one ding in dense solutions and uh we got how much do we know
340 last time you checked in oh
340
Or you know why because there's a free passes once we got passed that man we
Really crappy down there. Jesus Scott almighty has he still got those
often 20 year sky box passes
I go by there and see you just never know purple parking passes
5 670 560 pound 560 on a 18t take a look at the way feelings and you let it my life are starting to climb that chart steadily and the
By the way if you watch passions that I want to run it for you
though the jell is supposed to be dead at the end of the show today. He's not thanks
As a charlie knocks him uh flying on top of all the boxes down there and what else happens something really
I mean it's you're getting really tense. Oh and uh Gwen is attacking the tarisa with a bed pan
And smashing over the head repeatedly and Eve
Eve despite all the efforts by tc. Eve goes flying out of the plane. She's gone
Fly around that plane play door flew open there under your crane jet
So that's what happens today as well worth seeing in some good episode queen no offense. Neil
It says we are the champions and that's an excellent choice somebody also would suggested Copa by very manlo
Copa Copana. What's that gonna be? Get it on there by the way something. Yes. He's not out of heat tickets
He's not nope
How's that possible? I guess he had a bunch
Well, he should have said that that was not a good idea man
See it was saying he was trying to psych the audience to get in there quick
But if he had like a whole bunch of them heat the pistons against we should have said that
Because now we're not gonna make $400. It don't look like in three hours. That's that's pathetic. That is sorry, ass man
For all them poor little dogs and cats were abandoned the rescue. Let's see short people that
That who was that don't tell me okay? No, man. Okay, right? Right? Sure people I ran you no man. Thank you
I know my music man. Let me tell you. I know my music from my generation about 80 years ago
Here's one. Oh
Joel in Schmitthold Miami faxes it says come on Barbie. Let's go party Barbie girl by aqua
See didn't know in fact we had that the way we have a I just got through planet
We got it on here somewhere and inside the behind yeah and inside your behind in fact
I think I'm gonna play that in the next break even though we just got through planning inside the your behind here
Those too often
I actually like see they never saw the video. That's a problem. I saw it. Did you? It was cute. Please cute
She is cute and she's got her own a single out now John was tell me of course he knows all about that European music
I think they were all trashes some of people would say we've never left aid county what a single what
Teat
Come on Barbie let's go party and say that was cute. It was great and queen
We are the champ. Yes, the other sports anthem that they overdue and exactly over and over and over
But not anywhere near that amp
That
Oh, Jesus got almighty
And of course what happens like at the Panther games is after they score a goal
What don't happen to often now?
And they start playing that thing is that people who are paying no attention people who are picking their nose picking their girlfriends as
Had their finger deep inside their nostril
Whatever they were on a cell phone and no idea what just happened so the red light go on nothing now all of a sudden
Yeah
You know they're like into it. No one said it's it's so fake. It's so plastic
That's what I don't like today about going to ball games and stuff. That's why I'd rather sit home on my lazy ass and watch TV
Plus you don't have to you know how all these people knocking you over and and the ones that really get me especially at the Panther game
Since my seats are Scott knows are the end of the aisle. Yes
Are the ones who are back and forth then back and forth? They're going to buy some popcorn
They're going to get a weeny they're going to get some sodas. They're going to get 15 beers
They're going to go take a craft. They're going to go take a leak. They're going to go talk to somebody back and forth and forth and back
But I mean but I'm about but I'm about I must rather sit right in the cupboard in my living room and watch right on TV
I'm sorry to say that same for people too
You know it's good news for you though because you got all them free tickets
Which when I come back will just make sure we load you up with all kinds of hockey tickets all right
Just because you're such a schmuck
Thank you
I resemble that remark well. No, I mean a likable schmuck, but just you know you're you do have problems
I don't know where I'll found you, but it must have been kind of similar to wherever a George found beanar boy
Which isn't a good sign by the way I don't know the road
I'm the other side of that did I ever finish off with this thing or I interrupt myself, which I usually do
Huh, I never got to the top today God bless America 12 feelings 11 my heart will sweet Alabama 13
My heart will go on so you can be on 14 funky town 16 don't worry be happy 17 rock and roll part two 18
Who let the dogs out 25 might be off at number one song 33 now
That's amazing and macarena's got 69 69 macarena's okay
Oh
And then the drive stalls out
Let's see Paul and Miami says I have a pension for remembering pad songs, but what about
MacArthur park or anything by Chris cross excellent choices
MacArthur park course every time a dish jockey had to go take a dump
That was what we'd put on believe me especially in a morning show. I put on line eyes by the Eagles
MacArthur park and what about anything by Chris cross? Well, there must be some Chris cross song that really sticks out like a
Sailing
Are we putting the Richard Harris? They're done a summer version of MacArthur park on Richard Harris. All right. Yes
The original is always the best five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18
If you tune in late do not buy do not think about buying don't get sucked in the book the South Beach die by software
Analyst whatever the heli is doctor Arthur Agonston
Because man all it is is just ripping your ass off from 25 books at bucks books if you already read the adkins
In fact, if you haven't read the adkins go by that book
Even though he's dead
Because this is just a cheap imitation just like what you just said about down a summer
See what I'm saying? Yeah, the original is always the best
That's why like when you hear stuff on issue and then Paul and old Ron repeated the next day on Zeta. It's not really funny anymore
Let's take a call from beautiful for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Thank you. Um
Both of my boys play high school sports and the one that kills me
Another one by queen was
We will we will rock you think so yeah same song. Ah is that is it? I wasn't sure if it was
No, it's parts of the same song. It's we are the champion that we will rock you and they play them both together
Exactly the same thing just an noise a heck out of me. We have
I got on the other day with my best of meal CD and my wife says so
Why do you listen to him? He's some negative
Uh, but yet here I said it's helping out of good cause it is your ex uh
She used to
Board the animals from abandoned pet rescue a couple years ago. Right until it made my house smell like
Well, you know, but anyway, but it's really good
It's a really good situation over there that they've got going to class act
It is my wife used to do a lot of work for them and saved a lot of dogs cats. We had it all
Well, it's time to push down a little bit. Yeah, thanks a lot. Hey, and the take it easy
You too, uh, that's the same song. Are you sure it's a story?
It's we are the the champion slash we will rock you and they play them together. We will no no no no no no no no
There it's it's it's a fusion. It's like now. I was thinking that the British boy bando that yeah you are okay
Where they like blended it to the together
I don't think originally huh. I mean not that we're not that this is like rocket science that we really care cuts
But let's at least make a pretense rock. Let's see. I'm just a second now bohemian rhapsody. I'd love that
Killer queen you're my best friend somebody to love we are the champions and we will rock you
Yes, made that up. Okay
We are the champions crazy little thing called love another one bites the dust. Oh man
You can't hear that or bohemian rhapsody too much
Oh George Michael and queen well
I got a lot of lines for that. Sorry
Did you know that they did that together and the song too?
1256 at 560 that's probably why Freddie ain't with us no more but that's the TV
But we'll look into it. Hey, if you're looking for a place to look and do then not just look into it
But hop right in and have you a great meal. How about vikiners from my hometown Rochester, New York
I can look across and I can see Eastman Kodak right now. You believe me
Right across Lake Ontario. I can see the lilacs aren't doing too good no more
Vikiners has been around since 1934 one of everybody's favorites in Rochester
Now the good news for everybody in South Florida is that they're in
For Lauderdale on federal highway just south of our bull ride in the tunnel on the east side
Vikiners is a true flashback in time to the good old days before pre-fab fast food junk
Go and enjoy a real delicious fresh juicy hamburger hot dog sir fresh hot and fast
Vikiners is being brought to you by the same folks who bring you
Cheaper-gur Cheburger and they use the same fresh delicious
100% ground-shocked meat as cheaper
Reachieburger and one of the things they offer you was a big fat incredible quarter pound hot dog the stuff into your pus
You'll go nuts
What makes vikiners different from anybody else in town is that
Signature meat sauce that they pour on all the dogs and burgers given you a combination of flavors
The likes of which you've seldom had in your life
If you want something else besides burgers and dogs how about anything else on a great menu for breakfast?
Omelets cooked the order french toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes
So stop by vikiners. No understand why it's been so popular for so long over almost 70 years now
Vikiners on federal highway just south of broad bull bar in the tunnel on the east side
And be sure and tell them that ancient roches steering born at strong moral hospital November 5th 1942
Since you buy
My
This is for 205
I own my favorite republicans. This is not drudge at its time for the
Scuse-man plowing
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two power
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the two Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
They were a Danish band who spoke fun at one of America's cultural icons. Hey, who said the
Danish ever write to do that
They were aqua
Yeah
Many news throw who played Barbie in the band's famous video spoke to a student interpreter
Yeah
Even though you only know us for Barbie girl we were quite popular at home
We once won a Danish granny. Well a Danish granny when it was that award ceremony was like
And I'm winner is
Aqua
Oh, but winning the famous foreign awards is not all aqua is known for
They were also sued by American toy maker Mattel who owns the Barbie trademark
And Mattel spoke some and spoke to us through an interpreter
Okay, he think those
How's being dare they
Things up with their
Barbie is ours you aqua but Mattel lost the case of victory for aqua
They spoke to us through an interpreter
I believe that's
Yeah
Those wacky Danish do they even know we need to breakfast food after them
It's a big juicy shopping red look at show business tonight an inside the behind
102 at 560 it's our gigantic real famous one to two our got your rose for the mad dog at two
Uh Greg faxes and says he's got a list of but how many on here?
Lady and red christ the berg which we just heard only moments ago. Should we put that on here?
Yeah sure whatever because he's got all these other ones joker steve and her band
You think I'm sexy rod steward ring my bell and eat award mid-died in the oasis Maria mold hour
Anything my mother and silly oh the christopher we'll give one for rug reg because he's making a good effort
It's probably our Greg yeah
Uh jurem but eight of springs one of our fine facts. You're says if it waiting to vote on a pool, but stairway to heaven
By Led Zeppelin is none the list yet
Well, that all see it's always gonna be that way it's the most popular song of all time
But it's also overplayed and much hated by those who don't like it
Right absolutely and I just looked at Alan Whitman's article today about the NRA in the facts. He's pissed. He was left off their list
So I looked at that at the Boston Grove. Thanks jury, but I missed it
I got two articles side by each year that are both there a little disturbing a north florida motel is being investigated because management
Allegedly told a black man that colors were allowed in the pool state officials said yesterday or today
Maybe should have changed the short a short
The incident happened in peri oh, yeah
A small town that faced protest in 2001 because another black man said he was told at the bar. They could only be served in the back
Attorney general Charlie Christ issued a subpoena today in the owners of the southern motel
Where it's been the parker said he was denied access to the pool in july well, I guess they want act like good old southerners
Parker was in town for a family reunion according to Christ office was told by an owner that
Colors aren't allowed in the pool. Well, they don't want that dark rub it off and dirt enough the water right
Camey Patel the owner's wife said Thursday she hadn't received a subpoena
But the incident involved the white desk and no longer works at the motel
Patel did not identify the clerk but says she was told that the woman who had told black guest not the swim in a pool
We told her she couldn't do that because everybody's welcome here. She was the one. She was the one
right
Parkers hometown wasn't known it couldn't be reached for comment the incident brought protesters to town in the river
Al Sharpton went to the bar to meet with the owner
Well, there you go that they let him swim in february 2001 one that they let him swim
This one. No, this was it not the pool thing. This was a guy. We refused the service at Perry package
The small town about 300 miles southeast of a telehassy in Perry Perry. They don't like them colors in Perry
And probably they also not like anybody who's a fairy
Boy. Oh, yeah, pinga Kalana song. Yeah, I actually called escape by rooper at home is extremely annoying
Putting it on there. It's already on there and it's spelled right to and
I mentioned copacamana by very mandala right because I forgot somebody did thanks that sorry
We all passed it along in line with that previous story the mother of a black queens girl yesterday
This is from a news day. Press for the transfer of a white ps35 teacher made a racial joke about the gorilla pictured on the girls folder
Rochelle Hogan's Blair said the city's education department didn't go far enough and disciplining fourth grade teacher
Gail Kaplan oh
At the Hala school for a remarking to nine year old Cheyenne Griffin you took a picture of your family and put it on the front of your folders
The incident happened October 17 during a spelling test the girls mother said
Kaplan also told the girl not to tell her parents who sensed that something was wrong when their daughter usually bubbling to talk about her school day and phone friends
When state-to-room after school was quiet the entire weekend the mother said
Hogan's Blair in her attorney Oscar Michelin who makes a hell of a tire not
Said Kaplan apologized to the family last week in a meeting with a principal
But with what attorney called a strange apology and hardly a comforting apology
Always joked with that way with my husband and family they quoted the teacher saying if I known it was Cheyenne I wouldn't have said it
Now the girl is distracted by having Kaplan as their full-time teacher mother said
She's nervous that she's gonna make a comment to her Hogan's Blair said Kaplan couldn't be reached for comment last night
The Department of Education inserted letter of reprimanded Kaplan's record one official said sensitive
sensitivity training will be part of professional development in region three were the school is situated
Right that's kind of like that the anger management right right right? Right? Right? So like oh Jay
He just needs anger manage me. He's not a bad guy. Just a little anger management course. He'll be all right
This is an unfortunate isolated situation that resulted from one person's bad judgments that regional superintendent Judy Chin
She's one of those in the phone book, you know
The principal took a meeting action and called a student's parents in for a conference with a teacher
Etc. How do you like that?
They put your family on the cover of the book terrible
Gail don't do it again
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line is Miguel wrapped up there or what?
Yeah, he's gone 380 in plastic right 380 yeah, no
380 bucks in three hours
He could have done better that selling his goods out there on a corner of ives. J. Row to 441. Well, it was raining
That's a good excuse, huh? It is it was well
I don't know what the weather is because I'm not there. I know how to tell you know that good some people for a semester
Oh, we don't want to hear about the weather Toronto near what's plotting over a little bit here
But it's a nut fan. Yeah, 59 today 68 tomorrow. Oh
68 leaves in Buffalo tonight. Anybody care about that?
Scott here's Pompano. Hello. Yeah, I knew. Yes, sir. Yeah, I have an addition for your list. Okay. Whitney Houston's
I will always love you or I love you forever. It's on there. Oh, it is on there. Okay. It's on on
I let me let me look and see it's got the no it's doing pretty well. Yeah, that might be the old time worst
It's one of them. It's just got every time it's on I can tell you it. I wish I was deaf
The word is great as in great on your nerves. There you go. Do you have a great day, pal?
How do you spell that? 567.0560 so I guess I can schmit can this 380 bucks. That's
That is uh, I mean we need it. We'll take it. Huh? We'll take it
We needed 465 to get to 37,000. We got 36915. So now we got 85 bucks. We came up short
I guarantee you that before two o'clock
You know, I'm gonna say
Yeah, I can embarrass somebody in the building to drop up a check for 85 bucks
For Bannipair rescue to get us up to the 37,000 dollar mark. First there would have to be an embarrassment factor
Well
How about that bitch screw-in she just come back from Vegas. Wouldn't she in Vegas?
Maybe she lost her ass. Well, I'm sure yeah, well believe me. It was plenty of the loot. Oh god
With all the with all the goddamn
Perch he's gonna be getting all the benefits from her book all the royalties
We ordered a couple that 85 bucks easy her book was just released yesterday one in the pink one of the stink by Luan's uh stink
it
stick it
There's plenty of people in that place can come up with the 85 bucks right?
The hoppers in there today later
What about Greg Reed is how much is he given so far? How many cents?
About 30 men. Yeah, we got that big QA and ratings part in that. How about helping us out for once in your life Greg
You don't let the finger to help our damn uh cheerleader thing every year. I'll pass the basket when I go there
Yeah, Tisca to task you go in a hall and uh stick out your basket
Here's a call from cruel springs. Hello uncle. No. Yes, sir. I got a song for you. Okay
Fricking sandstorms by derude
Sandstorm by derude yeah derude is annoying
Hey, what was the first song though?
I don't know what the first song was, but that one is just completely annoying to me. I just
I don't know what that is. Can you take it in one?
No, there's nothing to say. You can sing that song
Is that the one that goes like that?
Okay, you got to pal it's on there. Thanks. What was the other first derude song? I got it here. That's your bag that way
I am amazing, you know something seriously for a squirrel fart like me
I am just I astonished me, you know capital D capital R
Or just one word. It's D-A-R-U-D-E. It's one word. It's one guy
It's derude and that's the rudest thing I ever heard my life. This thing won't queue up now
Do I think you think I have it in their upside down maybe?
Maybe
Oh, please don't tell me the same kind of oh you know something these don't these don't work too well when you push them in their upside down at all
I just discovered that it just doesn't cut it. Hey, it's live radio
Oh, yeah, that one is that sandstorm
Which one's this? This is a sandstorm. Oh, yeah
That's the one that's when he's talking
Right now on the main stage we have
So your appreciation
We
So that's it he hates it. Okay, you can stop pounding it
How do you like that? Can you believe that not only that I have it?
Yeah, but it was kind of like sticking out and the CD too because it's got a very um, you know very conspicuous
This is one of those radio um type things
You know what I mean? No
Well, you know like a DJ a kind of copy thing. I was not in like a regular
It's not like in your regular I don't think I don't know
All of them everybody's catering right direction
Oh, in case you didn't like the original sandstorm we have the sandstorm remix
Ready no, it's party radio
Yes, what does need a party's over
Yeah
Party's over big flag no can you know, I mean that my opinion time like this. Yeah, you're right
You suck
So there you go
It's just a little one more time before we uh burn it before we put it on the big pyre and burn at people
Burned in people that guy
So there you go there's the root for you and now you understand what that guy's a little poor guy
135
60 WQAM
Let me tell you about a great restaurant not too many people know about it yet
But they're gonna because it's one of the best kept dining secrets in town
It's the Gold Coast seafood grill with just celebrated their one-year anniversary in Coral Springs
And got three and a half big juicy stars from the Sunsend will show time dining review
If you love seafood you'll fall in love with this place
George said the food they brought in a couple weeks ago was so good it was just the unbelievable
The Gold Coast seafood grill's got lots of your favorite specialties including mango plums salmon
almond-crested mahi mahi orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout
Just stuff that trout right in your pants
There's an incredible bar atmosphere too with an extensive wine and martinulas big fat martinis that happy are only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m
Every day of your life seven days a week the Gold Coast seafood grill is located in Coral Springs at
2752 North University Drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations more information called 954
255 fish
That's right two five five fish if you can dive inside or outside large parties private functions
Welcome to if that's where they should have had the party by the way
You had a bus big don't want to do that
Experience the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining the Gold Coast seafood grill in Coral Springs
2752 North University Drive inside the prestigious walk shopping center the Gold Coast seafood grill where you'll find great seafood at great prices as well
Plumber K ABC News with a one-on-one interview with gubernatorial hopeful Arnold Swarthinger
I'm sorry excuse my apologies. What do you apologize for I'm not following you for everything?
Kimmy Plumber K ABC News I'm sorry to the people of California for what those bad movies you make no
Although if you don't like them I'm sorry Kimmy Plumber K ABC News. I'm sorry for this
You just touched my booby that was a demonstration Kimmy Plumber
I'm sorry. Well, don't do your demonstrations on me mr. Swarthen Eger
I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize. You're very whiny. Go ahead with your question
Well, you're very touchy-feeling. I apologize
Excuse me, but did you just touch my ass? That was a demonstration Kimmy Plumber K ABC News
That's why I want to apologize for the people of California and I believe you should I'm sorry
I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them
Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see your anida?
Is my what your anida may I see it? I don't think I have an anteater. You have an anida. That's right
That's your anida. I can't believe you just put your hand. Sorry. I'm sorry. I apologize. Oh
You're the guest. Yeah good for you Kimmy Plumber. You aren't me now. Don't you?
You're a per- Let us have your anida. Oh
The the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the I'm sorry. I apologize. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor
Here I put my lever vote for me. Ew. Why is it purple? I eat grapes. I'm a grape either
Puma- I guess Kimberly Plumber wasn't a purple people leader. I'm 120
20 past one at five sixty W. Can I keep playing that every day but I can't stop you know. No, that's great. Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Miami
When is this
They're twisting it
They're yanking it
It was probably derude
Here's Coral Springs. Hello
Hello now. Yes sir. Yes, I got somebody I think is a very boring artist
Um, I would be joyous. No talent or I'd drink it's the puppy door. Okay, great. Great. We're real excited for
Your another Yorker. I heard it. Yeah. Another New York asshole has nothing to do with what we're talking about
George don't sing those songs. Of course if he did it probably would be bad
But that's beside the point not be good
But not as bad as that call what an asshole man. See what I mean don't blame me. Don't be talking about I'm negative
Okay, I just I just go with a flow and South Florida says negative as it gets even a people in the jungles and the deepest jungles of Africa
We're starving and dying and and have a leprosy even they got a better outlook on life than South Florida
Just the way it is
Lot of negative sour people just in case you hadn't noticed
We're rolling along singing the song having a pretty damn good time as a matter of fact as you pointed out
But now what is this? Oh look at this
Oh, I have this come from this Aaron Summers
Resumption
She must be looking yeah, keep looking honey
It says Aaron's coming is what it's in an Ashley Les fan. Well good squirrens K rock the Howard Sterns show special guest
Who has an issue without her boobies? No
W-H-T-Q and Orlando air personality. That's a really stretching or land. Oh here Orlando there W-T-K-S
Orlando there passion phones after an indirect 10.2 shot WSU and Tampa W-R-M-F and Palm Beach morning show fill in
Well, where is the W-I-O-D?
I'm looking there's one thing there where it's like marked out, you know there it is that's it
Oh, you know what I bet you they highlighted it and that's just how it came to us. Oh, I see I see that's it
Black black passion phones
Television special guest to Howard Sterns show on E
Gaming showcase yada yada yada yada my name is Florida special correspondent
Disney MGM studios all the other crap. Well, what is that? What is that?
Personal team player easy to work with outgoing professional great voice a great breathless voice honeybears
Honeybears get the honey
Yeah
She really didn't number there, but of course like Steve Nichol said I don't know sure you're gonna do a good show or not
But she's got a great ass. That's exactly what he said our program director who had a nose for news
56705 60
Palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line how shoes and doing she ever had that baby. Yes, yeah
Here's Fort Pierce. Hello
Hey, I'll come to you. Yeah, sir. Pretty good. Hey, can I book for celebrate? Sure
Break good time. Oh, yeah, come on Commodore is right no
I'll celebrate cool the game cool the game like I said cool in the game
Thanks, pal. Why don't I say the Commodore is that celebration? What huh it's celebration? Oh, I'm sorry
I'm sorry Kimberly Plymer. I apologize
I apologize
Okay, sorry cool in the gang celebrate yet another one that they played over and over and over
You want to it's not a bad song there's no question about that, but it's just too
ponderous they bury them they kill them they make you want to barf
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line macarena. There's nobody gonna catch that stiff
82 look at that Lustel Rio
I'll tell you another one
The singing none
Yeah, don't listen to me there. Dominique Dominique. Dominique. I mean annoying doesn't even become close
Okay, uh describing that and just be out of no way how I love to make a yeah, that's it
What did she say? I don't know huh look at what
Bolly pop
What is that bit called must be a none
Yeah, yeah
That's what I thought she said
Boy was I wrong
macarena 82 dolphins number one song 37
And I think we're going home is this what we're gonna do
Okay, let's simmer right along. Can't pretend that George isn't here. Here's hi, Alia. Hello
Hello, yes sir
I'm going to you speaking
Hey, Julio how you doing?
Hey, I gotta stop. I don't know what's easy, but the guy who say that he's too sexy for a shit that song
Who sings that song right said Fred?
I know yeah, I'm too sexy for my thing. Yeah
Yeah, that's um put that song on the list. Okay. Well, how are you doing Julio? I'm chilling chilling. How you doing?
How come you're still in town? I think we're going to like penis Arizona somewhere
No, no, I love I live
You're the one huh? I'm the one. Well, say hi to Raul and I'll be sure I'm right done that you called today and it's spot on the alley here
All right, what's your notice
I'm typing
See you Julio
All right see you. What did you say? What's that noise?
Adding stuff to the picture former engineer good guy Julio
He got screwed over of course by the Beasley people and by Bob Vermuth and also by George Corso who's a real major asshole
That was an Arhulio
Yeah, it was okay. It sounded like it didn't it? No
That was Arhulio. Sorry
That was him Arhulio's in like Phoenix or something. That's what I just got through San he was in penis Arizona
That was Arhulio. I'm telling you. All right. You recognize the voice. It wasn't him. Okay. All right. I'll bet you scuts life on it
Okay, you got to deal let's play the tape back and then at 130
Well, settlers once and for all can get it over well
At least then he won't have to pay that ticket and go to the pain in the ass stand in line of what we're gonna have to go to the
The outer vehicle joint
Oh, you don't want to go there. Oh, I've been trying to avoid it, but now it's unavoidable
Scott's got to go to the DMC which we're trying to tell him it's a fake worst-than-death will be stand on line with all kinds of degenerates
And then both people and they'll be ahead of you in line by the way
So if I was you I'd get like a rubber raft and carry it on your back. He made a point. No, I made an appointment good good thinking
126 at 560 that was wholly of the engineer baby believe you me
You don't think so. No, no, sir. You're in teeth. I'm he loves higher. Leia
Let me tell you about a place that's not in higher Leo, but it's in Pomato beats
Which nothing is perfect brandy shoes in this year. They're celebrating
25 long amazing excruciating years of fitting even the smelliest feet in the world with fantastic shoes and unbeatable prices
We're talking name brands shoes like rock ports
Echoes mafisto Clarks Timberland flour shim essay is all the top names in a shoe business. I forgot about
Small bear last night. I taped it. I hadn't seen it
Damn it speaking a big feet like Tom Welling. They're swelling
They got all their sizes you're looking for men six to 15 women's five to 12 and what's from Peri neuro to the very wide?
Tom says it's swelling and of course what's your name? She still can't get a hold of it. What's your name?
Lana and with over 40,000 period shoes and stock in their gigantic 8,000 foot mega store
You can bet Scott's life again his life gets bet all the time because you know
What is it really worth that they got exactly what you're looking for and stock greatest slap on your foot
Brandy shoes you'll fight about 1290 North Federal highway and poppin obese open daily night at 9 some days 10 to 5 and
All this week take 20% off on all men's and women's famous brand boat shoes names like
Spirry Timberland sabago rock ports indexer come into the store for some fantastic savings as usual or visit them on a web at brandy's shoes.com
Look all this is five six years
You want the world series
Marveys stars and an enchanting new movie as the girl who turns into a thorn. Oh my god
My face is turning into a piece of barbie of clon like
A magical story to watch again and again buy it today on DVD and videos
132 at 560 this is very depressing this thanks for Mike
Yeah, cuz I happen to like that song a lot. Do you really?
It says how about you don't like that song? No
Says how about the dreaded dust in the wind by the country?
On Kansas no, I got that confused with the second fact. I say well. I don't have the other facts
No, I like I like that's the one a lot too. Yeah, you're right
And big Kansas was a crappy band. Hey Mike, you know, you're having the opinion but
We disagree. I won't put it on there for Mike let him stick his thing on there
418 votes macawane has got 86 no, but he's gonna catch the macawana nobody's gonna touch it
Dolphins number one song a separate nut like the that's the dark horse in the field in it right
Who would have thunk it
Dolphins number one song 37 who let the dogs out 33 don't worry be happy by me for
Well, I can whistle 23 my whistler's broke my heart will go on saline deon and rocket roll part two gerry's glitter
19 and fucky town your choice 17 and then it in the beat goes on
How about that other either 85 bucks we got it yet?
Nope for band and pay rest you what do you mean? No, it's almost a long 33
Yeah, fans running out. We want it by the end of the show by two o'clock
We want how about clearance he can cough up 85 bucks that little piece of crap
Huh?
Yeah, he's probably got some kind of a sweetheart dealer. He's getting bonuses when we give him those big numbers
Like in his last book. He probably made a fortune on that thing. I will I give it to you piece of crap
Here's a call from Lake Worth. Hello
Like work. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing there pretty good very lizard
I want to make a comment about two of those songs on your list you write up my life and
feelings. I mean those two of my people loving guys, but those two songs are nothing make you just go out and just want to commit murder
That's right. I agree with you. I'm telling you and and that same vein. I have one I want to add to your list
And I haven't heard anyone mentioned today
Just the way you are. I don't know who sings it remember that song
Uh, just the way you want you just the way you are. Don't go change it. Really don't
Really don't
No, no, no, no, no, not Billy. No. No thanks. No. Yeah, it is it is. Yeah, well whatever
Jesus put him in there too. I'll stand him up against the wall with more Albert and and what's your name?
That's right. That's what that mother's Albert and Marv Albert. Whatever
This is Neil. Yes, sir
Yes
Yeah
Oh, so have a great day pal. What am I hearing somebody talking out my hallway out here? Oh go see
Oh
Don't forget to go to the cheetah tomorrow before to set
Well, he took it sand pan to take it
Say what never it's playing like Gloria Gainer and I will survive. Where now do that come from?
Somebody's calling me. Somebody's playing a boombox in the lobby
No, no, it's it's coming through the through the uh intercom thing in my uh the hallway
Inside my apartment
Maybe we could all sing along
Can't you hear it? No, hold the mic up to it
Then the mic up it's too far away. Oh, Dan. Well, that's it. Let me close the door because this is maddening man after like almost two years of being here
This is enough to drive you nuts
You take it's Panther tickets tomorrow. She got hollandale 46
Isn't that one of them on our list? I think that somebody probably trying to vote here in Toronto
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. That's just amazing amazing
Here's for lottery. Oh, hello
Yeah, yeah, sir
Got two plans. Why is it we picked up on them?
My mom number five got it and the Ricky Martin
Hispanic tribute to Pedro Rodriguez living around B.Dalucca
Right good one
I'm the skies. No, we picked up on those two. We got my mom number five. It's on there
Is it but Ricky Martin's on there right now. Thank you, sir
Ricky Martin just went on her has my mom number five doing by the way Lou Vega
Huh
Small potatoes two votes
But Ricky Martin
What is going on out there if you could hear this stuff that's going on my intercom, huh? I can hear something
There is something. What do you mean you can hear it?
I heard something in the back. I think just somebody just came in the door. Uh-oh
Home invasion one moment please
Error terrorists
So tomorrow at the Cheetah Island, they'll be four to six. Our first appearance
Best of the old stuff
Neemigal, go to the line
He tickets, head to tickets
Scott's going to three levels of evil people. He's the area
I've seen naked people. I see I see
What if he doesn't come back?
What if they're getting it?
I hear something
How about that there was somebody in there. I'm sitting here in my underwear
Are you serious? Cute. Yeah, someone was in your pad. I just have a thing here resident notification
Please be advised your suite was entering today to conduct in sweet speaker testing
Oh my god
Should you have any questions or testing my speaker out with Gloria Gainer and uh
Whatever the hell I crap was there. I mean, I don't know that I don't want to get creepy. Oh my god
Chillies him. Maybe they're listening to show on the internet. They're trying to play a little game with me play with my mind. Yeah play with this
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello
Hello, yes ma'am. I have a good bad song for you. Okay. Ebony and ivory. Oh, I'm not sure how no one came up with that one
Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson. That's one of the words. That's how you believe
Thanks wonder
Have you heard of that? Well some dark guy. I don't know he darker than Michael Jackson
Paul McCartney and Stevie wonders. No, what I just said. Yeah, I think I said that
56705 60 pound five that was creepy that thing that just went on there. That would freak me out those huh? That would freak me out
Yeah, they're not supposed to be like diddling in and out of here whenever the hell they feel like what kind of crap was that and they're testing out my speaker system
I guess that's for like when I have the firearms, you know, you've heard those
Oh, man, you could hear that like in Windsor
You could hear it in British Columbia
21 till two at five 60 WQM when you see mattress doors advertising a 50% off sale is it a trick or a tweet
Have they implated the regular pricing of a false impression of savings probably
That they just have one piece to sell with the sale price then once it's gone try to get you to buy a full price set
The old bait and switch the mattress industry is notorious for phony claims and shell games
Which is why you ought to do what I've been doing for a long time called dial amatris
1 800 MATTRES
No false promises no bait and switch just discount prices every day on great brand names that you know and trust now
Including Sterns and the foster hewitt honest sales practices and fantastic service keep dial amatris ranked the best in the world in
customer satisfaction
All you do is you call a toll free number you sit there right on your lazy ass
1 800 mattress you dial and you pick the day in time for delivery and they'll show up any to our windows seven days a week
From 8 a.m till 10 p.m. It's convenient for you when you're going to be home like I said they show up
You don't have to kill a whole day hoping somebody shows up for you
I've been sleeping on a mattress and dial amatris for years and you ought to be doing the same with low prices
Same day delivery free setup and removal. It's easy to see why they're absolutely
Unbeatable so don't get sucked in by those mattress rooms or furniture stir ads
They're not in the same ballpark for when you get every day from dial amatris column right now
You'll be sleeping with a big smile on your push tonight
Call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTR ES or online check them out at mattress.com
We're suppose when you five CC
You a m
This is the show of the morning for you rangers
This is the brain
You're going to be
Oh
Al Gore
Four years ago you gave me your nominations to be vice president
This is suns ground
I've been watching you
During that
Akarena on television
And if I could have your silence
I would like to demonstrate for you
The Al Gore version of the macarena
Macarena
Macarena
Would you like to see it again?
Tango Mocha
When you are a alarm goes off in the morning macarena
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit macarena
Macarena
I like the way the funny thing on macarena macarena macarena
I'm 25 and the final 60 that's right away with the man it's got million votes
That was an interesting experience that thing that's kind of creepy you know
I'm still creeped up by it like a lot of various movies
All of a sudden you start hearing music out there like there's somebody in your place
And of course there was somebody in the place
Yeah, I didn't even realize
Tend to buy one of those deadbolt thingy
And I'm pretty pissed off about it because it might have been that really hot looking young Chinese guy
That they heard in the building now and you still had your pants on it
And here I was no I did not I was sitting in my underwear and I missed the opportunity
Damn it
Christ that's not very friendly
You could have come in and like tapped it on the door
Freebird Leonard Skinner does annoying his health so somebody right
It is annoying we already have one letter to get another wow that's okay
There's no limit there plenty of people who've done many annoying songs okay
If you want to if you want to get everybody in honor how about Neil Diamond how about
Holly holy oh god holy holla
Am I right yeah
Holly holy
Oh my god
That's about as annoying as it gets at freaking Neil Diamond who of course is a legend in his own mind
There's another person in the same as the Wayne Newton category. I wish he never would have been born
Madonna's Vogue says Marty and Miami that's a pain in the ass to listen to
He's sister's a pain in the old back. Oh, it's a Roy's ready to pop Madonna and Vogue got it got it Vogue
5 6 7 0 5 60 that was a real interesting experience. I had here moments ago. That was fabulous
The Reuters news agency reversed its policy against religious advertising yesterday
According to the Washington Post and agreed to carry a paid ad for the United Methodist Church
On its electronic billboard in New York's Times Square. We just have Pornow and Times Square. Now I got religionists
What is it previous to be directed the ad setting a corporate policy against pornographic political religious libelist misleading or deceptive advertising
Inleted to the name to Methodist officials yesterday
Reuters chief executive Thomas age glossary said he returned from a week's travel to order the controversy reported by the Washington Post on Saturday
The church had argued that it should have the same chance to speak in the commercial marketplace as business advertisers
On reflection. I believe you are right. He wrote consumers have become more sophisticated over recent years
I think there's a little likelihood of an ad being viewed as the opinion of a news gatherer such as Reuters to which he is
Absolutely full of crap
How do you like that? I don't
The Reverend Larry Holland headed the church's communication department said it reflects well upon the integrity of the company's leaders
That they were not only open to listening to us, but also they move quickly to consider a change in policy after hearing our concern
What a pile of crap man. Pretty soon. We're gonna have competing uh
Saviors right out there in Times Square
Oh, there's a great column. It's on our website today by Molly Ivens. Call me a Bush Hader. I'm not gonna have time to read it. I'll save it for tomorrow
From the November issue of Progressive magazine
Call me a Bush Hader. She says man. It is just it's a beautiful thing. I love you Molly
five six seven oh five sixty. Here's a call from Royal Palm Beach. Hello
Hello, yes sir. I heard from static there for a minute. I've got a contender for your list. Okay
Brand new key
Melanie. Yes excellent choice
Absolutely nauseating Mac Nephago. Thanks pal. Hey, well by the way that
Paul you did the other day between gay feeler and Brian grease bottle one that I miss part of
Brian greasy one like about a million to one. Oh, well that's why he's starting Sunday thanks to this show
Probably I wouldn't doubt it at all. They'll be blaming me on Monday. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. See you
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and now it's interesting because the Harold had a thing
Uh on other one of those things where you could vote and then when you voted it says oh well results to be shown when the voting is complete
Well, what kind of crap is that that's no fun
You people at the Harold man your website sucks your website blows just like your newspaper the Harold blows
He's a turd
parakeets parrots cockatooes all over town. They they rebel they like fly to coop
If anybody if the owner tries to stick the herald in the bottom of the birdcage they won't even drop a number on it
They hate it so much. It's not even worth that
I mean what's the point of putting a a a poll on a website and then not being able to see what the result are after you voted right shut up
My job business the Harold blows. Okay. Everybody knows the Harold blows although Linda Robertson did have a really fine colony
Estates she made all the good points which took a lot of big balls. Linda's got a big pair is what I'm here a big rack
Is that what we hear out the turd?
You know maybe you're underpaid and overworked maybe your job is just a pain in the ass cut
But hey, it's better nothing if you'd like to improve on it
If you'd like to get a new high-paying career
You just don't have four years to waste on college or the money to go to college for four years
If this sounds like your situation we have a solution for you call our good friends at fast train
866 fast train and let Todd direct put you on the road to recovery in your life and a real meaningful job in career and paycheck
That's drink and have you trained in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career or
Or a high-paying medical computer specialist career in as little as four months. That's correct
Let's see. It's November just about November the same or January early in the new year. You can be doing it
That's right in just four months fast train offers day evening weekend classes
They offer you a job placement assistance financial aid to people to qualify too
And with six Florida locations
Community located scattered around the joint and four in South Florida. There's about to be one close by you to serve you best
So call fast train today
You can check them out on the web to get more information fast train.com
And then you decide if you really want to say goodbye to your boss new did and job and start moving along in life and get a real career
Call one 866 fast trains
Is this 420 statute?
Give me you
I
That
So, can you be a besides? Try all the women's room
Yes, I found it, and it's when it's real
Yes, it hangs down right to the main mantra
Yes, I'm proud it's real, and it's bolded
When it's standing high
It's just a song about my soul
Yes, it's been a long time now that I've been still glad to have fun
Yes, it's been a long time now that I've been still glad to have fun
I'm printed down the hallway, and now the SWAT team is trying to evacuate that building and search for this individual
Right now, we have Congressman John Shattig with us, Representative Arizona, he's in his office
Congressman, tell me everything you know
Well, I think your report is fairly accurate, that's what we know
I was actually in a committee hearing at the time, they moved us out of that committee hearing, I returned to my office
And they are not in fact evacuating
It's the canon building, you know what that is?
I think I can use your report there, I can't do a little
At least not on that level
I just went barking through the security checkpoint, and he's got a gun
I'm like, post doctor, tell us another day looking for
Mark, you excited? I'm thrilled
A little bit of a sudden, we hope of course that everything turns out okay, but it's just a little bit of a sudden
Otherwise, kind of, now it's the post world series, doldrums now, it's before the weekend with the football games
Before the Panthers play in Ottawa, and I write Scott
Yep, five is winning day five
It's winning day five, win
Crimey a river by Justin, it says here
See, I wouldn't know the name of any of Justin's songs or instinct, because I wouldn't know what nothing to do with them
So we put that on there, crimey a river by Justin, never heard of it
Oh, it says, in closing, neolikes, Chinese, they only come up to your knees
Well, sometimes they come up to your public
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, he got the little dog Joe Ro is standing by for the mad dog
He'll be along from two to four today and tomorrow as mad dog continues, eking out a meager living
Just amazing, this man, I taught him so well
Here's Miami, hello
Hey, what about we are the world?
We are the world, it's all annoying
Good choice, man
Well, now what was the group USA for Africa, right?
Bandaid
No
No
Wrong
Bob Hildor, I was the bandaid with the English group, right?
We are the world was right, I think you're right
USA for Africa, hey, let's not get sucked into that
I raised ten grand at INZ and I'm embarrassed about it
I see, correct it
And I guarantee that there is nobody ever got one dime of it who really needed it
And are able to get wireless communications and can be notified of an incident like this
Blackberry
We are, I think we're in a real bad situation
We are
At the time, you know, they got us all emotional and all of goosebumps and all the starving people in Africa
And of course, like I said, nobody ever got the damn money
And everybody who participated later on said, boy, we're sure sorry, we got sucked into that dude, you know what?
Yeah
Oh, you know, these last two days have had this sitting here and I've just haven't got to it
We've had so much heavy duty crap going on
Matt Lauer, a secret drug-passed exposed
Oh my God
Matt Lauer, who could be one of the most boring people in the history of mankind
He just leaves me limp
What is the deal with him, you know?
I don't know, he's balding
I guess that's it
And yeah, what's with the new haircut? He looks like he's on chemo, doesn't he?
Right
Matt Lauer's cocaine dealer tells all it's on the front page of the November 4 National Inquirer
So we know it's true, why sure?
Told a feral about that
Got him straightened out when he was doubting on the internet
