On the sky, though, you fast and ride.
I hear more, it's got a bad piece of stars from the vehicles coming.
Let's do more, I'm the filter.
These good, deep, I'm chinkin' water into wine.
The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singing too.
I did it it it it it, dumb did it it.
Stop line out on a sea and the dumb are gonna speak singing too.
I did it it it it, dumb did it it.
He walked on, walked on, who might talk?
My dog walked on, who might talk?
Then he cured a leprosource.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Some say he's the son of God.
Yeah, good.
Yes, they do, but there's other people to get so out.
Now he's the reason that we have an Easter day singing too.
I did it it it, dumb did it it, dumb did it it.
Are you sure?
And he's the reason that all the Christians praise singing too.
I did it it it, dumb did it it, it it.
They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down.
Praise him and kneel down, the man who wore a thorny crown.
Do I did it it, dumb did it it, do?
Do I did it it, dumb did it, do?
Do I did it it, dumb he's the dude.
Do I did it it, dumb he's the dude.
Do I did it, did it, dumb he's the dude.
Do I did it it, he's the dude.
I know too at five sixty W.
This is the big day we've been waiting on.
You know, I can't you smell the tension.
Yeah, always that what that is.
Maybe death left you a little present in the studio behind him.
You can smell it all the way up here.
By the way, all you people are getting all goose by.
Everybody that comes in or are you locked yourself in this
new apartment up there?
What is wrong with people?
Man, what is wrong with these people?
Correntine, I keep trying to tell you there is nothing going on here.
Okay, the World Health Organization should only croak.
They have no idea what they're talking about and everything here is just fine.
Okay.
Oh, we're fine.
Everything is fine.
Come on up, bring a lot of money.
Bring a lot of American to cash.
WQAM, our first call of a very pressure bank Friday.
Hello.
I need to know how it things up in America's attic.
America's attic.
All the way up to 15.
Welcome.
A petrol's theorems are empty.
Anyway, how did that pull come out yesterday?
What kind of a form was he on?
Back on?
Which of these things do you care about the least we asked yesterday?
We had 1473 votes.
That's pretty heavy duty, you know what?
Harness racing with all apologies to Dick and Steve at Pompello Park.
I've been telling you this for years.
Even though we should probably talk a little bit about Ted Taylor and Dick McCumber.
Harness racing 292.
Georgia's sex fantasies, 290.
Second place by over a little over 100 votes, but nevertheless, the strong showing.
They don't want to hear anymore about Georgia's and the Cancot lead.
Okay.
And about eating ass and looking pit and the toppings it and all these other things.
Okay.
Well, how are David's in third place with a very, very strong showing for the old man?
196.
They care about him the least.
Scott and Lacey Peterson, 156.
I have the new tabloids from March the 6th.
I mean, maybe whatever it is, May 6th.
And they're on the front cover of all three major tabloids.
But needless to say, they're in the other room because I'm not talking about them.
It's I don't I refuse to care.
I don't know who the hell they are.
I don't care who they are.
But there's a there's a zillion horrible stories about people getting murdered every
day.
And the media just picks and chooses which ones were supposed to care about.
Florida, Marlon's 143.
The paper said 9,069 was the attendance for last night's win over the as they sweep the
brewers.
Yeldie, however, let the cat out of the bag because he said he was there last night.
He said there weren't no 9,000 people.
He said it was more like third man, more like that at that game last night.
Where are they kidding?
See that's another thing I don't understand.
These owners of sports franchises.
There are people there, not too many, but there's a few people there.
How can you go into a place and see like 1500 people there?
And then you look into paper that I stayed 9,069 or whatever it held.
Like last year when they claimed that some guy came along and bought up 20,000 tickets
because they didn't want to be embarrassed by being less than attendance.
So they just make up a number.
In fact, we just got the advanced out of waiting.
So we got 75 million people listening to the show right now.
Right.
Like I said, we got 14 trillion people listening to the show.
People have been born yet.
Anyway, Scott Lacey Peterson on 56, Marlon's 143, the NFL draft, which got a late start.
You know, if we had that honor at the beginning of the show, yeah, it would have been way up
the ladder.
Still, I'd want to 18.
Stanley Cup playoffs, 108.
So even in a non-hockey town like San Florida, there were more people interested in hearing
about this.
How about those mighty ducks?
Brand Murray's mighty duck.
In about 17 over times, they beat Dallas last night, 3 to 2.
They won five straight or four to three.
Five straight the playoff games now undefeated.
This year's playoffs, they might be duck.
The NFL draft, 118, Stanley Cup 108.
Arbor Dragon radio waiting is 42 and politics 30.
So you go from the bottom up in terms of what people want to hear are more interested
in.
Politics about 30.
About 30, man.
And then, uh, and, uh, and, uh, Arbor Dragon radio waiting.
So once those numbers come in, you're going to hear, we're going to read numbers just
all over the place.
2.7, 4.9, 8.6.
Right?
I can't wait.
I'm not going to tell you what station they represent.
I'm just going to read the numbers like a ballscore.
WQIM.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm sure you heard.
Did you read that article yesterday in the, uh, um, Harold about, um, Saddam being in
Cuba?
No, I did not.
Saddam was in Cuba.
Thank you, man.
It's a, it's a, uh, uh, report from the national inquire of Egypt saying that Saddam
is in Cuba.
Really?
Now, I understand through the grapevine.
I am a huyo.
I understand they're going to be rallying this weekend to get Saddam and Fadal out of Cuba.
Uh, huh?
So I just figured out what you know that.
Well, thanks for the good news.
At least the other things changed for more.
They stay the same.
Thanks very much.
What was he talking about?
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Now, let me just tell you right up front.
We're not going to pull any, uh, punches with it today.
Okay.
In fact, we usually don't pull any punches on the show.
And who do you think would be good to play more Howard David in that movie was talking
about the Q and movie?
Everything of that actor.
Mickey Rui.
You'll Brenner.
Oh, he know.
Huh?
You'll Brenner?
You'll Brenner.
You'll Brenner was an ugly old daughtering fool.
He didn't have any hair and he put on some grotesque hair piece.
I got a good idea.
How about Aaron Brown?
No, he's not old enough.
Come up with some old guy thinking.
Some old guy that had a bad hair piece, right?
Tony Bennett.
He doesn't have any bad hair piece, but he's ugly and ashamed on you, man.
Tony Bennett.
Most got more wrinkles just in his Veracos veins and Tony's got an assault push and he's
wrinkled up pretty bad, but not emotionally.
Now he's, he suffers from it.
They're all worried about SARS in Toronto.
I got to do this for you.
They want to be worried about scars in a Q and building because he does have scars.
That's what the beast told me.
That's why he won't see the beast no more.
He's just aliening himself from everybody, even worse than Mo, I think.
If that's possible.
Get a call from Fatboy this morning before the show, Jeff.
Hi.
Man, in total denial.
He's in the hospital.
Some kind of a valve problem with his heart.
He said, now we related, pal.
Now we related is what he said.
You could hear he was eating a couple of breakfasts while he was talking on the phone.
Not we related.
Why is it that most fat people are in denial?
That that bugs me.
I'm fat.
I'm not in denial.
I'm disgusted with it, but at least I know I'm fat.
I don't deny it.
I don't say, oh, what it's, it's a, what do they always say?
Genetic.
No, but not just genetic.
What's the, the angel?
No, not glandular.
The thing with your thyroid, what do they call that?
It's related to my, oh, geez.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, that's what a tabalism, that's what a tabalism.
You're useless today.
Of course, be inner voice, that's any day.
Metabolism is what I'm thinking.
That's always some excuse.
It's a glandular thing.
It's my metabolism.
Oh, or I, you can hear them shoving their goddamn muffins in their voice while there's
talking.
You know what I really like?
Are those, those caramel coated, what they, what are the colors?
Those buns, sticky buns.
Senator, if you ever get a cinne bun?
Yeah.
I go to the airport and just to smell those makes me swoon.
I mean, it's so good.
I don't, I don't get them, but I mean, because I can't.
I blot your burger like tilt.
But those sticky buns, the ones that you make in the oven, do they still have those?
Oh, yeah.
Ever.
Right where you, you, you bake them yourself and you put the, you put the goo on the bottom
and you put those things in there and, oh, god.
So little, uh, can of frosting that you should.
Yeah.
Yeah, I forgot about the frosting.
Oh, well,
yeah.
Yeah.
Let's talk about food to 1130 when those numbers come out, come on.
Let's just talk about picking out.
Yeah, he's in the hospital, but he said they're going to proceed you on Monday and he's
scared, spittless.
He didn't want to say that to me, but he told that to be an boy scared to death.
Nobody said terrified, terrified.
He is absolutely terrified.
You think this is going to work and scared a crap out of him?
No.
No, he'll still eat.
I guarantee he's probably got his fat family bringing him a sack of food while he's
in a hospital, just like that scene on her out.
We had a 600 pound guy that couldn't get out of bed for like months had got a bed
sores.
And there was his wife who weighed about 450 and his father weighed about 380 and the
whole fat family that would just come in and bring just enormous like dozens of pizzas
and enormous buckets of Kentucky fry and they would sit around and shove it down their
push.
They'd sit around this guy and bed and they would all cry.
Did you ever see that?
Yeah.
And then they finally had to airlift the guy out with a crane.
They had a lift him to the, I'm not making that up.
It's a true story.
They had to airlift him to get him out of the house.
He couldn't get through that doorway.
And of course at this point because we hurried all the way doing that name or he's too busy
showing the enemies where our troops are.
But I wonder what happened to that guy?
He died.
Good chance.
Wouldn't surprise me that Oscar Lapita said and sunny lot, a lot of.
Here's some good news for you.
Those people that were very concerned about us at QAM, very jackass rights.
WQM retained rights to the university.
Miami football, basketball and baseball for the next two years.
There you go.
And it's close to renewing its Panthers deal.
Which of Gildi's excited about that last part?
I mean, Gildi can really put on the big campaign now, especially now that the season's over
for the Panthers.
And he can put on a big campaign to stab me to get to the Jackson McDonald's job.
Doin' a Panthers play by play.
What do you say Gildi for play by play?
No.
No chance.
You're out, Gildi.
You weasel.
You little backstabbing weasel.
Isn't that what Mad Dog's always talking about backstabbing weasels?
Something like that.
Time-stealing backstabbing.
Whatever he's talking about, he really means Gildi.
You don't want to say it because he's too nice of a guy.
I'll say it though because I'm a prick.
You're a backstabber, Gildi.
Well, I wish you could have been a fly in a wall and heard that call.
He made a million more.
A couple of times, but that last one, a couple of months ago.
Just whining.
What am I going to do?
You were right.
No, I'm Kamp was right.
I should have done this show myself.
I should have done it alone.
This show is a disaster.
Remember when I had that real bad number?
So if the ratings come out today and the morning show goes in the tank again, it's a distinct
possibility.
Don't give Gildi my number up here.
I don't want to hear his whining.
I can't stand it.
12 minutes after 9 at 5.60, I know it's an awful lot of silence there.
The whole place just went really quiet.
Don't just start choosing my moments carefully.
I don't want to piss anybody off you now.
Whoa, whoa.
Yeah, exactly.
Well done, being a boy.
Tell it like it is.
Real pussy.
Hey, I'll tell you a great place for a pick out this weekend talking about people
I love to eat.
That's the Emelco's Chinese buffet.
Can you see the beast fat boy, Josh Friedman and Julio all walk into the door at the Emelco's?
Richard probably put a big sign close for a repairs on the door.
Anyway, they're open for you anytime sunrise, North Miami Beach, and I'll remember pines
for a real delicious feast.
They got so many things on the table sitting out there for you.
You'll have a tough time figuring out where to start.
I'll probably start with one or more of those six different great soups like your wanton.
And then dozens and dozens of succulent entrees, oriental surf and turf on the weekend like
this weekend.
And New York strip steak made to order just the way you like it.
At the gourmet center, that's that sizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak and shrimp
and chicken and seafood hand-carb bread rib and lots more.
And at the Emelco's, like I always tell you, no matter how much you eat, you walk out
with a big smile on your pussy and not a headache from the MSG because they don't use
any.
No crap.
No MSG, no cornstarch, and they cook only with cholesterol free oils.
The buffet at the Emelco's features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar and fresh
room cocktail.
And don't forget Emelco's famous lobster visc, a festus back featuring lobster thermators
and lobster visc.
And please bring a big healthy appetite, which I'm sure you will, because the dessert
bars worth saving some room for with pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream, all your favorite
toppings and fresh fruit as well.
Emelco's, you'll find them in sunrise that's original soft-flour to join.
Pine Island of 44th Street.
They're on column seven of just north to 163rd in North Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of Lomingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines, they accept reservations,
take out a delivery available as well, call 954-5723822.
5723822 get the whole gang together for a real feast of pick-out at the Emelco's Chinese
buffet.
Oh, anybody have a heart or a liver?
Get new Barbie.
Barbie's horny.
You better watch out, Ken.
Wow, Barbie's really horny.
Yeah, look at her go after Ken.
They're both gonna melt.
The new horny Barbie comes with her own.
And cuts, Niko Jay and Lubrican.
Fast action Ken sold separately.
18 at 560 WQM Happy Friday.
Boy, it's a beautiful day here today.
Gonna be off in the mid-50s, low humidity, sun is shining.
Everybody's running around with a mask on.
Not.
No, I don't see anybody with a mask on.
Rumors showed up here last night.
That's the bad news.
I mean, that's the really good news.
Did he have a mask on?
I told him I said, if I was you, I'd always be wearing a mask, okay?
But that's beside the point.
560, 560, pound 560 on the ATT now.
The poll today, it's not one of those that you're gonna have to call in about.
In fact, it's not really a poll, it's our annual survey.
And you notice how I'm not doing the ethnic thing this time?
Right.
That gets to be too, I don't know.
I mean, in addition to which, what difference does it make?
Not, we don't really care what you are.
As long as you're out there, in fact, look, we already got 17 listeners.
So before those ratings come in at 1130 this morning and up told me some stuff I can't
repeat on the year this morning.
You were over eavesdropping.
Right.
And over an under eavesdropping.
But that's pretty interesting.
So 1130 could be even more dramatic and melodramatic.
There's no way to tell what way we're gonna go, up or down or in or out.
Niels Annual Demographic Survey, which are you?
And then we got the age thing, male 12-17, female 12-17.
And we break it down 18 to 34, 35, 54, and 55 plus.
And I voted on there so I could see the results.
And like I said, what do you call it?
Not a vote.
I registered on there.
I registered my existence.
And when I did it, I thought to myself, male 55 plus, because I can remember the days
when I used to do like male 25 to 54, you know?
Right.
And now male 55 plus, I'm one of those throwaway people.
Gees are, an old gees are, that's right.
A throwaway guy, the ad agencies don't want me.
They don't want any, they have no interest in me.
Male 55 plus, how do you press them?
We got 22 listeners already on there.
Oh, long on there, okay?
Let us know that you're existing, that you're alive.
There's really no way to tell.
You know what I mean?
We could have a million people listening.
We could have a...
We don't really know.
Because the callers is like the same 10 people I'm going to show us anyway.
Right.
I wonder if Juan called in this morning.
I missed that.
I did hear the doggie doggie doggie doggie guy.
I guess he's my favorite.
The one I call is Maui says, you should be played by Maui Howard.
Maui Howard.
Doggie doggie doggie.
And of course this morning Maui, I guess, must have been in a really good mood.
Pretending to be in a good mood chuckle of it.
Oh, that fake kind of force laugh.
W-Q-A-N.
Hey, good morning.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
I guess I'm getting up there too, because I'm close to 50.
I actually have 50.
I almost forgot it.
Oh, now you're a spring chicken in South Florida, man.
You're like a teenager.
Hey, I cluck up all this morning on AOL.
Do you look at that at all?
No.
What was the question?
Well, they're asking, you know, what reasons will you not travel this summer?
So the three choices are A-terrorism, B-SARS, or C-finances.
Yeah.
They must have been about 70% over a million people to get with one.
SARS.
No.
Finances.
Real one here.
There you go.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
So in other words, I like to blame it on these other things, but everybody's broke.
Nobody's got to dole.
Exactly.
Any free tickets?
Yeah, we got tickets for a great new life for a pal hang on.
That's funny.
Dyke attacks American media's networks for gun hold coverage of valve conflict.
Not when I say Dyke.
That's not what you're probably thinking, you know?
Pretty exciting news about those you and broadcast.
I know somebody who's real happy about it.
There's a guy.
Yeah, but he's thrilled and his little bald sidekick there.
Greg Dyke.
I love this story.
This is the most important story of the day.
Just to show that I'm not hyperventilating or hallucinating about the coverage and about
the propaganda that spoon fed to America around the clock.
The raw raw sys boom box.
You're leading crap.
Greg Dyke, director general of the BBC, attacked American television and radio networks
for their shocking and gun hold coverage of the Iraq conflict yesterday.
He also issued a warning against US companies being allowed greater ownership of British
media.
Mr. Dyke said that charges, a changes to legislation proposed by the government would
allow American media companies to take a greater share of British television and radio,
which could lead to loss of impartiality and news coverage.
We must ensure that we don't become Americanized.
He said Mr. Dyke also accused the government of trying to manage public opinion and apply
pressure on the BBC.
In his first public comment since the war Mr. Dyke said America had no news operation
strong enough or brave enough to stand up against the White House in Pentagon.
He said, personally, I was shocked while in the US by how unquestioning the broadcast
news media was during the war.
Mr. Dyke said that since the 9-11 terrorist attacks many American networks had wrapped themselves
in American flag and swapped impartiality for patriotism.
He said, I think compared to the US we see impartiality as giving a range of views including
those critical of our own government's position.
I think in the United States, especially since 9-11, that would be seen as unpatriotic.
Mr. Dyke said that on a recent visit to America he was amazed by how many people just came
up to me and said they were following the war on BBC because they no longer trusted
the American electronic news media.
Mr. Dyke reserved some of his strongest criticisms for a clear channel.
The largest operator of radio stations in America, the company is likely to be a beneficiary
of government plans to open up ownership of commercial radio in Britain and we got a
couple more stories on that little later.
He said we were genuinely shocked when we discovered that the largest radio group in the US
was using its airwaves to organize pro-war rallies.
We are even more shocked to discover that the same group wants to become a big player
in radio in the UK.
Mr. Dyke attacked Fox News and CNN for what he described as Dunghoek coverage.
In contrast, the BBC was an 800-pound gorilla that was capable of holding up the government's
attempts to interfere in editorial decisions.
He said, there's the best article I think I've written about much of your...
About third man.
At least.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
See the rest of the world they're looking.
They know what's going on here.
And American people because they're mesmerized by that 27-inch tube or whatever they're
sticking their nose in 15 hours a day, they think, oh yeah, this is Rar Rasa's spoon bomb,
don't be unpatriotic.
Don't be like them fricking dixie chicks and that Michael Moore guy.
So we'll see when the numbers come out.
It'll live in through this morning when the ratings go.
Because it's not even anymore just what it used to be.
You know, whether the luck of the draw, it's not even just that anymore.
And always every four years before presidential elections and during the campaign, you always
have a tough, especially if you get it all political, which we do on the show.
You always have a tough grind because if the people who disagree with you politically,
if a lot of them get to die, it's your screw because it's like voting.
It's like the ethnic stew, you know?
That's another thing we're up against.
The ethnicists who think it's like going to the polls, voting for whichever ethnic stations
they pretend they're listening to around the clock 28 hours a day.
We always had that.
Now we got this new dimension where like we're in this perpetual war.
And it's us against them.
The most unbelievable thing, in fact, George almost fell off the chair this morning.
I can hear the gurgling in his bag this morning when I read to the head line off city post 24
there about the administration is now weighing what punishments to meet out to those countries
that didn't side with us on the war in Iraq.
This is insane.
This is like science fiction.
Yeah.
This is like a 1984 all over again.
It's unbelievable.
What punishments were going to meet out to those countries that didn't side with, and
of course when you consider the fact that the overwhelming majority of countries bigger
than your thumb in the world didn't side with the American Britain in the war.
There going to be a lot of punishment needed out.
Maybe that's why they're back to making nuclear weapons again.
You see that they're gearing that up again to start a manufacturing nuclear weapons.
They're going to need lots.
Yeah.
Oh, we're going to do all of this stuff.
We have so little time in so many countries to nuke.
Boy.
Maybe that's why there be a brought back nuke, Gingrich out of mothball son.
They washed him off and brought him back to attack colon, rolling colon.
And anybody who isn't to the right of a till of the hunt.
Let's see.
What do we got on there?
How many listeners we got?
So far we got 78 listeners.
Well, one's me and one's probably you.
Yeah.
So we got 76 real listeners because we know listen.
41 male 35 to 54 21 men 18 to 34.
Oh, we got in the by the way, speaking of many 18 to 34, we got another picture for our
contest for the couples contest.
It means we already got six.
That's a good start because the thing doesn't even officially start for another a few days
till May 1, right?
And then all during the month of May, we'll let you know when we stop cut off May 15th.
Yes.
Is that correct?
Yes.
You have till May 15th, enter your pictures for our thing for our contest.
And then Thursday May 22nd, the couple with most votes wins.
And of course, the audience votes.
They get to go on our website and peruse and take a look at all these couples and see
who looks hot and who's like that.
And then the hot couple is going to win a trip a three day two night stay for two with
the world's always resort and casino in Bahamas, including round trip, airfare, on Lake
Arir.
And the runner gets dinner for two at the pizza lot and maybe gets a little squeeze from
Jeff Cohen.
Pretty exciting crap.
927 at 560 WQM and man, I'm telling you my psychic powers again.
Look at that.
We'll look what spots on the log right now.
The world famous pizza lot.
I am scary.
You know what?
That's the most people who see me say scary.
Jeff Cohen.
He's got a scary guy, but a little less scary now that he's shot a shot off that ponytail.
I'm cut it off to he clipped it.
He sluted it.
And now he looks almost like a real man, like a human being.
Regardless of how Jeff looks, the fact of the matter is nice, friendly human like people
wait on you at the pizza lot.
They give you personal service and you get delicious fresh Italian goodies.
All your favorites that are fresh, cooked to order.
Nothing comes out soggy at the pizza lot and the prices are so low you can take the whole
gang and they're over and over again.
Don't forget every Thursday is Vagnight at the lot.
Come on a motorcycle.
Get the second dinner for app price of you by the first one at the regular price.
Monday's lasagna night and Tuesday's eggplant night.
I want to be dinner these nights.
Give the second one for only five bucks.
The world's best pizza is waiting on you at the pizza lot.
Three different kinds.
Original New York style.
They fix the city and that's who goes a pizza extra spicy.
Would all kinds of good onions and stuff on it.
And all your favorite Italian dishes too.
They got chicken and field dishes.
Seafood, calzone, super subs.
And like I always tell you, the best garlic rolls in the history of mankind.
The Davy location is right between the universe.
It's on the university between Griffin and 595.
Kitty Corn Armadillo, KFA.
Right beyond Pier 1 imports for take out delivery and catering called 9 5 4 9 1 6 8 8 8 9 1 6 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8
We are support radio 560, UAM!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I can 933-560 WDQ-I-M! Here's a great website for you!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm Mark Morgan on sport radio 560, Q 8L!
I'm not big on that. What's the point on that?
Or maybe people were just really bad drivers and afraid to have to back it out when there's other cars in there?
That could probably be it. Or he's afraid of being towed.
I think he has been towed about that show.
W-Q-I-M!
Now, the phone just vanished in there.
How did I know that?
He was manipulating it. You could smell it. W-Q-I-M!
W-Q-I-M!
Chaylon, you people. W-Q-I-M!
Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
I know you're not a big fan of Bill Marr.
But I'm not at all a big fan. He makes me nauseous.
I know. He has a big fan.
Anybody that would write a book about when you ride alone, you ride with Osama if you don't carpool.
I mean, what kind of a puss are we talking about, huh?
This guy, he has this HBO, a new HBO show right now, right?
And this week he had a good friend Ann Colter on there.
Oh, see what I mean? Wow, what's the point?
Why does that bitch need any more airtime?
What else do they have to do?
Well, thanks for the good news.
So in other words, his show continues to suck.
He had Ann Colter on there. That nasty smelly miserable.
She's moving, if she hasn't already, she's moving to South Florida.
I wish she's going to swap wardrobes with Miss Grudge.
And who's the other one that I just read?
Oh, and guess what? I better do it in the next break.
Let me forget, get the tabloid.
Yeah. Guess who also has a pet on South Beach?
Matt Damon.
Huh.
And there's a story in there about how Matt Damon had went home from some South Beach bar with a dozen chicks
and they were all running around from room to room. All these orgies were going on.
And of course, Ben was probably like watching on a video cam.
Oh, he was in the closet like Kathy Willett's husband, right?
Watching through the slacks.
He was watching through the slip.
Don't touch it, Matt. Don't touch it. Don't sniff it.
But anyway, you know, I saw everybody eventually move to South Florida.
I don't know what that's all about. I have no idea why.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. How many listeners we got there, George?
We got a few listeners. We got 157 so far.
Our annual demographic survey, which are you?
Men 35 to 54, 79. Many 18 to 34, 40.
That's pretty good.
Male 55 plus like me, 19 of us old farts.
Female, another woman thing on here is pretty heavy duty.
You notice that pretty much 55 to 54, 11.
Female 55 plus three. Female 18 to 34, three.
Oh!
Male 12 to 17 appear and female 12 to 17 none.
No teenage women yet.
Sorry, George.
What do you laugh on your laughing about?
You.
You're not fooling anybody? Sure.
I'm not.
W-Q-I-M.
Yeah, I'd like to speak to me.
Speaking.
Oh. Speaking.
This is Neil.
Sounds like me.
Neil, you.
Let me ask you, does it really sound like me or not?
Yeah, it does.
Okay. I just want to make sure, because sometimes people say it doesn't sound like you.
You know, I just want to make sure.
Listen, Neil. You got to check out the article in today's Sunset No.
About the Senior Expo.
It'll tell you everything you need to know about South Florida.
The Senior Expo?
Yeah, at the convention center.
It was like Halloween for grandparents.
Oi!
And everything they brought home shopping bags full of freebies.
Uh-huh. Now we're talking.
So check it out. I think your audience will get a kick out of it.
Okay. Thank you so much, my friend.
Okay. And have a happy Shibuas.
Okay. So anyway, let's all rat shopping center in South Florida.
We got that story.
All kinds of good stuff to talk about.
Just, and then the Santa Cruz City and County suing John Ascroft on the EEA for brutal medical marijuana raid.
That's a good story, too.
A lot of good stuff going on there. People fighting back, baby.
That's a good news.
Oh!
When it doubted, fight them back.
It's time to stick it.
Stick it with a Mundoan shine, right, Sally?
Hey, man.
That's our message to John Ascroft and quick cover it up from statues.
A lot of people want to see them make it boobies, okay?
I mean, when do you think John Ascroft would ever go to Italy?
No.
He'd have to take somebody along with him to cover up all the damn artwork in Roman influence
because they got all the naked statues with the breast and penises and...
The breakfast.
...and asses and things like naked.
Well, when we invade Italy, he'll go there to make sure he forgot about it.
That'd be the first thing we do is...
Well, we did...look what we did to all the art in Iraq.
Huh?
So what should stop us there? Let's destroy it.
Let's have bust the bust.
You know, the Panthers and the heat are done for the season.
So it's called its Vast Balamarlins Rock to kind of a shaky start.
And the dolphins don't get started for another three months.
But the good news is there's excitement waiting for you every day and every night.
Pompano Park is open seven days a week for simal casting
and live harness racing three nights a week, including tonight.
Every Monday, Friday and Saturday.
First, what did I say? I said Monday.
Every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
First, post-time 715.
General parking and admission is free.
Come out to Pompano Park in Joalik Horse Racing Action.
And like I said, simal castings going on every day,
seven days a week starting at noon,
would live through a red, high-ly harness racing simal casting
from tracks all across North American all the ships at sea.
And don't forget to be Wednesday at Pompano Park is Delanmite
with draft beer hot dog sodas and lots more, only a bucket piece.
And coming up a week from tomorrow,
next Saturday, May 3rd Pompano Park will feature simal casting of the
run for the roses, 120 Nautilus Kentucky Derby.
Early bird wagering starts Friday, May 2nd at 1 p.m.
Watch Wage of Enjoy in a Crowd.
Next Saturday, May 3 for the Kentucky Derby from Churchill Downs,
right at Pompano Park.
A block south Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road.
Don't forget, live racing lights 715.
Every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday at prestigious Pompano Park.
I am Lord.
This is Squirt 20 and Flight City.
You way up.
Gang rape is funny.
I die, I die.
That was great, Bobby Mercer from Madison with Carson.
Hell, I didn't even know there was a second verse to that limerick
about Nantucket.
It pays to stay in school, doesn't it?
But anyway, let's bring out our next guest here on America's
most untalented kid, all the way from Seattle, Washington,
here to sing Let Me Entertain You.
Won't you please give a warm welcome to Little Dicky Ficker Nicole.
Dicky.
Oh!
Let me entertain you, and we'll have a real good time.
Let me entertain you, and we'll have a real good time.
Oh, Dicky Ficker Nicole, you know, Dicky and that little green suit
you look like a Pimp leprechaun or something.
I don't know, it's this, anyway, Joe, what did you think?
He sucked.
Okay, one he sucked, Bill.
I said the same thing, he sucked.
Okay, suck number two, Jerry.
Really, really awful.
I would just say plain sucky.
Ooh, Dicky, that's a nice score.
It sucks suckin' a sucky.
That's written up to heavy qualifiers for the finals.
Let's weak on psych.
I cannot wait.
All right, good luck to Dicky, and we'll catch you next time on America's most fun.
Till I did kid, bye-bye everybody.
He didn't really say suck, Dicky.
No.
947 at 560s.
Well, here's that story, and thank you very much to the gentleman
to call the only moments ago about the old farts in their...
Oy!
Senior Expo and Lauderdale offers a healthy dose of freebies,
as the Sun Central.
Sure, there were lots of polished pamphlets
with tips on getting wealthy and staying healthy.
There were blood pressure tests, big band swing music,
A-V, and guest speakers too.
It's so schmaltzy.
But the real draw at the Eckerd Senior Expo and Fort Lauderdale
yesterday were the freebies, lots of freebies.
Oy!
It was Halloween for grandparents.
This is great!
When I go home, I'm gonna dump it out all on my bed
and sort through it, Sabrinaes Simon 69,
who spends the winners in Del Rey Beach.
Instead of candy bars and titsy rules,
her four satchels bearing four advertisers logos
rattled with aspirin and sinus pill samples,
some free pens, and sugar-free snacks.
Bleh!
Look what I've got, Grin Jean Comrade 73 of Davy.
It was her first Senior Expo opening her bulging white plastic sack.
She lifted out her favorite trophies, a blue visor that said cover girl,
a tooth-flosser, a small tube of copper-tone suntan lotion,
a collapsible red vinyl shopping bag of unknown origin.
My bag is more full because I took two of everything
left her husband 83-year-old professional musician,
Nilo Conrad, who insisted they really came to see Singer Jack Jones.
They were among the thousands, prouling among the trade shows
aisles at the Broward County Convention Center.
The Expo continues 9 a.m. to 4.30 p.m. today,
it's on right now.
Go and grab it.
Organizers expect about 22,000 attendees to wander past the 250 booths,
Eckerd had a similar crowd for its first Expo,
a tropical-can of field in St. Petersburg late last year,
and of course we all know that the grandparents of the old people in South Florida
live in St. Petersburg, and their parents live in…
I give up.
What's the place of North St. Augustine?
Oh, oh.
And remember when Moe had his first vacation after joining the UN Board of Ego?
St. Augustine.
The ID behind the event is for seniors to take control of their health care,
said Jeff Chircutac, handling Expo publicity for the chain,
with 600 Florida drugs during the course we do hate Eckerd drugs on his show,
and eat Eckerd's broad and computer terminals and pharmacists to help seniors research
what drugs they were taking and why.
But pharmacists mostly chatted among themselves
while there would be customers swarmed the best-doc vendors.
One of the most popular was wife consumer health care's wide corner booth,
piled with mini lip balm sticks over the counter-pain killers,
and wife's new, alivered energy pills.
How's everything?
How were you today? Have some, cried Tom Brodo,
wife's national account manager, shoveling packets into bags.
Eckerd's won't discuss exhibitor fees, but Susan Rovener,
a colonel or a funeral superstar,
funeral superstar in Margate.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Read that again, would you?
Oh, only South Florida can have a place called the funeral superstar in Margate,
since he paid 550 bucks for his spot, carpet electricity and more space are extra.
And you know something, both of you, you're going to have to fast your seat belts.
When you hear, sir, I can't thank you profusely enough.
It's a short story, it's almost over, but this,
this, I never would have printed this out, I never would have caught my eye.
And eye catching white casket dominated this play,
fronted by a table filled with cremation urns and markers for pets as well as their owners.
The giveaway at this booth, a color television raffle.
We wanted something a little more upbeat, since Stephen Canterrey,
MetLife Financial Services Rep, who works with a superstar's clients.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
The funeral superstar, where death is a lot of fun.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
That's a saver. I'm keeping that one.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Be sure and check on our poll today.
Neils Annual Demographic Survey, which of these are you?
You don't have to do a lot of thinking about this, unless you're not too sure how old you are.
Or which gender you might be this week.
WDQAM.
Hey George.
Yes.
Hey, you can't go on the air with us.
I just want to make a comment from Danielle about Ann Colter.
You know, she's got all the police on here on the AT&T.
I've always thought of her as a Nazi and drag.
I'm going to tell you, I'm going to talk to her.
But I'm in my car that Ann Colter is an anagram for no real cont.
We're all...
Hey, don't go on the air with that.
Alright?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
What a great start.
I should have left it on the air.
Oh yeah.
He said, Ann Colter is an anagram for no real.
See you next time.
I can't we can't say the word obvious.
T1.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
T1.
Don't call it.
That was great.
That was even better than the funeral superstar.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
5670560, pound 560 on the 8th.
I don't understand it now.
Maybe we're getting thrown off.
Okay.
Because this is a dazzling first hour.
A few tuckles in here.
A couple of pretty interesting stories.
And then that guy who is just great.
Don't get lulled.
Don't get it on the air with this.
But nevertheless.
Oh, that was sensational.
This is a little unappetizing though.
Rats shut shopping center in South Florida.
Sunrise.
Oi!
Rats you've taken over shopping center in sunrise.
And trappers are trying to put a stop to it.
It's something I wouldn't want to see every day.
Especially where you work said Linda La Flam,
an employee of the hair studio in the university shopping plaza,
at 8251 Sunset Strip.
People eating there and buying food.
And those things are crawling all around all the time.
Offal said Nancy Beardy also an employee of the hair studio.
Owners and employees of the hair studio say their rat problems started a butcher shop in the plaza,
which shut down Wednesday.
The shop also received two citations from the Barrett County Health Department
for conditions that are attractive to rodents,
kind of like Moes' hair piece.
For a kosher market, which is supposed to be cleanliness.
And then they got that they were kosher down there for a couple of months.
I don't know how they got away with it.
But they were just like,
I don't know how they got away with it.
But they were just like,
I don't know how they got away with it.
But they were just like,
I don't know how they got away with it.
But they were just like,
I'm probably a lot more than that.
Oh, nasty.
Now, didn't you tell me there was a thing on the news last night with some animals?
Yes.
I'm glad I didn't see that.
Oh, it's funny, the old lady.
In fact, you can keep the rats and we'll keep the sorrows, how do you like that?
Rats.
For the funeral superstar.
Stop and think about that.
The funeral superstar.
Have a big clearance sale this week.
The good week to die.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60.
Like I said, we're getting lulled into a false sentence and the numbers are going to come out.
It's going to be a disaster for everybody.
You can just smell it, can't you?
You think duck is in there probably like douching himself and everything getting all worked up into a frenzy about this.
And what about clearance?
Has he showed his pus around?
He ain't seen him yet.
No, he's really fine.
Not just under the radar.
He's like his beard.
Almost scraping it right on the ground.
WDQIM.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
This rating is going to come out.
How many times a year does it come out?
3rd, man.
4.
So it's a big deal today.
One of those numbers come in.
Right, well, I mean, there's a monthly, there's a trend every month.
Each and every month we have to put up with that crap.
But the only one that counts is like the one for the first quarter.
In other words, every three months, January through March, April through June, et cetera.
So the one today is a full rating book.
It's a big one.
Your show is fine, but the way to send the messages after this book comes out,
there needs to be some vacant desk of management once to send them out.
What are your suggestions?
In fact, that's a good idea.
Let's take some programming suggestions between now and 11.30 until the book comes out.
Get a morning service.
More interesting that you're now to talk down to.
The audience isn't to talk down to.
Right.
Basically, you put in some interesting, useful people and stuff and make you want to listen instead of,
you're all this, oh, Chris Carter will be at the ceremony tonight.
JP will be there.
Yeah.
Who else do you say?
Oh, whoever, whatever, I'd like, one's a morning will be there.
I don't care.
Yeah, who, who gives a crap?
Yeah.
Good point.
Okay, thank you, sir.
We'll work on it.
I think we got Tarek Aziz and the information minister going to be doing a two-man show start Monday morning.
That's the room where I'm starting, huh?
I'll be a hoot.
Tarek, I just sit back, lighting up one of the big, stow easy loves.
And the information minister will say, there's absolutely untrue.
Mo Howard David is not gone.
He will never worked on the station in the first place in the matter.
He'd be great.
And with only 45.
What a step up that would be in the world, huh?
Not that we're like, dancing on most grave yet.
That was Gelly.
There was dancing on his grave in that bit.
That was it.
I got to play that again like he was good enough.
In fact, where the hell is that?
I am Dr. Gupta.
I would be performing on hot surgery food.
See, I didn't even get it at first.
What was going on?
And then I realized after he said, a Gelly was dancing on my face.
Get out of my way, Gelly.
I'm first.
I get first dibs on that.
You tore up your little backstab in Weasel with a squeaky voice.
956 at 560 WQM ever thought about getting a wireless phone.
Sure you have.
You know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business associates during the day,
as well as being connected with your family at all times.
And maybe your bookie once in a while too.
That's what the Humper said.
Don't postpone it any longer.
Get it done today.
Just call wireless city a T-mobile authorized dealer now at 1-888.
And wireless city will deliver today to your home or business.
Your new wireless phone ready for you to use.
Wireless city a T-mobile authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect whatever you need.
Like their new 39.99 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends too.
Call wireless city now, toll free.
It's 1-888.
Call today and get to the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free.
Just call 1-888.
Just like sugar shockers, you'll be vibrating.
Service agreement requires he printed materials or authorized representative at wireless city for limited and completed tails.
Wireless city be your T-mobile authorized dealer so call them toll free.
1-888.
2-180.
My name is local.
We are sports radio five 60s.
You and you.
A.M.
Howard David's a bitch.
You asshole.
I am Dr. Gupta.
I will be performing on hot surgery today.
Now how are you Dr.
Well you know what you say?
Well how are you feeling Mr. David?
Like I've been into a York government party.
Well you think I feel like I'm in here?
Well it's a simple heart-fout procedure.
Just leave deeply into the basket you won't feel anything.
Say, I went under fast.
I can't move in nothing.
Look at that.
He's open to my chest now.
Hey, hey, hey, by the way son.
I've got the group that's taken off his pants.
And now he's what the creep in my chest dichirity.
Hey, hey, stop.
To the do you know who I am.
Oh, to the doggie, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's not the one I can do.
To the doggie, no, no.
He's breaking my chest.
And I can't move.
To the doggie, no, no.
To the doggie, no, no.
Oh my, I did you die.
Oh my, did you die.
It was a beautiful funeral moment.
Even if I was the only one who showed up,
they were like a fine out of me.
Well, it looks like it's time for me to do what I always wanted to do.
Oh my, oh my.
What the fuck?
The little dog from the back to the right.
Why do you think you're throwing dice at my grave?
Wow!
I thought you were dead, Mo.
Of course I'm dead.
I'm a zombie, a moron.
You know what that means, Mo?
I gotta kill you now.
And how do you propose to do that since I'm already dead?
Well, it's up, I never told you, Mo.
Yeah, what's that?
I'm building up the empire's land.
Big deal.
Now I got to stand you with my rob and stamp.
That yourself outpunking.
I'm in a moet hole, see?
Why are you doing this?
To the doggie.
The power of Christ compels you.
No, I'm doing this.
To the doggie.
The power of Christ compels you.
To the doggie.
To the doggie.
Tell her three at five, 60, WQM.
We got an hour and 27 minutes to go.
Can you feel the pressure now?
Oh, no.
It's starting to get real heavy duty, man.
If you're open up your window, if you're driving around in
Sanford and you crack your window a little bit and that...
Punch it a roll, Mo.
Have no fear.
It's not some kind of biochemical crappin' ear.
It's the smell of sweet success.
Or failure, all depending.
See, I'm thinking now, which do we really want?
Because we'd like to get the full bonus, you know?
Right.
Since we're all supposed to be a team here on QA,
and many of us have our bonus structure based on not only how we do in our own time slot,
but how the rest of the station does as well.
So on the one hand, we'll be nice to get the full bonus,
and FQMB number one in men 25 to 54, which I think is a little far-fetched, is done.
But that would be very nice.
But on the other hand, do we really want that,
or do we want more for somebody else to, because don't forget,
it's not important that you succeed, but that the morning show fail.
Isn't that how the saying goes?
Right.
So, which do we hope for most?
Oh, that's right, you're not going to lose money.
That's right.
We hope Mo has a big, big one.
5, 6, 7.
In fact, when you can't you just see him at the funeral superstar?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
I can hear him doing spots for the funeral superstar.
Hey!
I would say live spots, but that might be a stretch.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how you doing now?
Okay, sir.
All right, did you hear that they're supposed to be,
yes, they're supposed to be a declaration of war,
you know, a declaration of war for next week?
Where is she supposed to declare that the war is over sometime next week?
Yeah.
Oh, so if you ever call her back.
No, I did not hear that.
What do you mean he's supposed to declare that it's over?
That's what I heard about.
Now, what's the war we're talking about?
We're talking about the one in Iraq,
and then what we're going to start on North Korea.
Oh, the one in Iraq.
We're Syria.
They didn't even start, say that Afghanistan war was over yet, you know.
How about Syria?
Right.
They've Canada.
Canada.
What?
The war just beginning.
France, Germany.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
War is going to be over next week.
Oh!
Post is clear.
I love this story.
Santa Cruz Mayor.
This is, of course, in California,
a place where there's some people with balls,
and some other people who like them.
Santa Cruz Mayor Emily Riley and County Supervisor Marty Womhoat,
Womhoat joined extremely sick patients who use marijuana as medicine
on the steps of the Santa Cruz County courthouse yesterday to announce the finding
of a groundbreaking lawsuit against the federal government for
raiding a local medical marijuana collective.
The suit marks the first time a public entity is suing the federal government
on behalf of patients who need medical marijuana.
The medical marijuana collective, the Womens Alliance for Medical
Marijuana WAM, and then we used to have a station WAM WAM.
It's also unique in that it doubles as a hospice and doesn't charge
money for its medical marijuana.
The case focuses on the Constitutional right of termally and chronically
old patients that control the circumstances of their own pain relief and ultimately
their deaths are right recognized by the Supreme Court.
How can you go to the funeral superstore when, unless you can decide when you're
going to croak?
We cannot just stand by and watch the harassment of people who are sick and dying
said the drug policy alliance is Julia Pell and attorney on behalf of the plaintiffs.
We hope the court will see the injustice in the humanity of the federal government's
actions and restore these patients' rights to treat their severe pain with a medicine
that works best for them.
The alliance, along with the law firm of Birmingham, a cushion LLP, Santa Clara
Law Professor Gerald Yuleman.
Jerry Yuleman, wasn't he in the OJ thing?
There's that different guy.
Sounds familiar.
Yeah.
City Attorney John Barrison and Santa Cruz Attorney Benjamin Rice have been
instrumental in developing the legal arguments for this case.
The suit was prompted by a raid that received national attention last September in which armed
agents from the DEA stormed WAM, terrorizing residents and patients.
The collective was shut down and several members were detained.
WAM provides medicine to patients who suffer from terminal illnesses and chronic pain under California's
compassionate use act, the state medical marijuana law, which passed in 1996.
WAM members are courageous people said Valerie Corollo founded the cooperative with her husband
Michael, most facing curable illness and the implications that brings pain and inevitable
death.
We can only offer peaceful resistance against DEA attacks or hope is that the courts will
act as guardians of the law and protect us against such injustice.
The suit is being filed against Attorney General John Ascroft, acting administrator of the DEA,
John Brown and drug czar John Walder, challenging the federal government's right to a raid
WAM's medical marijuana garden.
Other plaintiffs include seven patients representing more than 200 people at WAM's
that they serve.
They suffer from HIV AIDS, cancer, post polio syndrome, epilepsy and chronic pain.
They use medical marijuana to release such symptoms as nausea, vomiting, wasting syndrome,
neuropathy and severe and chronic pain.
So I do like that.
Good luck to them.
That's always said.
They got the big pair.
Three confederable government.
I was just talking about John Ascroft and the boobs.
And now here we go with a medical marijuana.
A kinder gentler compassionate conservatism.
Right.
A kinder gentler fascism is what we're talking about.
Make no mistake about it, boys and girls.
Eight of us still alive.
Speaking of that.
Yes, the site is great.
TheRepublicans.org.
I told you.
Pointed to great, so they're not completely nuts.
Right.
Chocolate.
Good stuff on there.
I mean, that's got some buzz flashes.
Great.
Mm-hmm.
And that WhiteHouse.org is a real food.
If you want to have a no matter all the terrible things that are going on, we got wars.
We got dead people.
We got SARS.
Everybody has no money.
The economy is an acroeper.
But if you want a few laughs, men WhiteHouse.org.
Make no mistake about it.
It'll tickle your organ.
Now here's two stories that'll really frost your ass.
Frosted mine especially.
The Bush administration is pushing the FCC to stick to its early June date for finishing up the agency's rewrite of a string of media ownership regulations.
Hurry up.
Come on.
Hurry up this in.
Commerce Secretary Don Evans told the commissioners in a letter he made yesterday that it has enough information and has taken enough time to make a decision on the regulations.
What you waiting for, guys.
The commission has been looking at these issues since 2001 when it initiated separate proceedings on the newspaper-slice broadcast cross-ownership rule.
And local radio ownership rule, Evans wrote the commission's biennial review proceeding was consolidated the prior proceedings of the review of all the rules.
As resulted in over 18,000 filings, 12 commission studies regarding the current state of the media marketplace and a number of public hearings around the country.
The commission now has an extensive record on the subject.
While Evans didn't give the commission specific directions regarding the ownership rules, he hinted that the White House would like to see their rules eased.
What a surprise.
Not.
What a surprise.
Not.
The proceeding presents an important opportunity for the commission to update its rules to reflect the realities of modern media marketplace with its unprecedented proliferation of outlets for news and information Evans wrote.
The letter marks the first time a member of the Bush Cabinet has weighed in on the issue and comes as FCC chairman Michael Powell is pressing the commission to make a final decision on the rules by June 2.
On behalf of the Bush Administration, I urge the commission to adhere to the schedule you outlined Evans wrote.
How do you like that?
So they're putting a big push on them so that their buddies at Chief Channel can know every goddamn radio station, every goddamn TV station, every goddamn newspaper, and even a weekly reader too.
And in tandem with this, I never was a big Ted Turner fan.
You always thought he was kind of an asshole.
Right.
Love that Ted Turner, man.
Ted Turner said yesterday, two few people owned too many media organizations and that rival media baron Rupert Murdoch is a war he called, oh, I see, the bottom of this is chopped off.
Then I have to do this again.
Because this is too important.
The edge of it is chopped off and called rival media baron Rupert Murdoch a war monger for what he said was Murdoch's promotion of the US war in Iraq.
He's a war monger Turner said in the evenings, speech to the Commonwealth Province San Francisco of Murdoch.
News corps, limited owns the fast growing news Fox News Channel.
He promoted me said he promoted the war be on Fox News Channel.
He's right, of course.
Fox News has been the most popular US cable network during the conflict, trumping AOL, a time Warner, RSE, and in which Turner stated more, started more than two decades ago and came to prominence with its blanket coverage of the first Gulf War.
Two decades ago.
And that's all right. The first Gulf War was what put them on the map.
Asked by an audience member for his thoughts on Fox's larger rating share than CNN's Turner said, just because their ratings are bigger doesn't mean you're better.
It's not how big you are. It's how good you are. They're really counts. Turner said drawing hoots from the audience.
Turner who has pledged to give a billion dollars to the United Nations as a vocal proponent of population control and nuclear arms elimination, criticized the concentration of ownership of the vast majority of US television and radio and TV stations and newspapers and a few corporations.
The media is too concentrated. Two few people own too much and you are absolutely correct.
When a top of it's head and it's not shame fund anymore either, but you're on top of it.
How do you like that? He said Rupert Murdoch is a fascist and that Fox News network are a bunch of fascist pigs and the FCC is turning over to a handful of a few people of a few fascist control of every god they media outlets so they can propagandize.
Man, this sounds like WDW2 all over again. You know what? It sounds like the 30s and the 40s to me.
Are you sure? Yeah, I'm sure. Positive.
You know, maybe they got to fill. Maybe they made them an offer. He couldn't refuse.
You know what I'm saying? What are you saying? They said this is what you'll say. If you know what's good for it, Phil says. Okay. Yeah. That must be what happened.
You understand. You know, this is terrible news. We're so sorry. Hudson just called his wife passed away. If you know what the sorry Hudson, what a wonderful guy. And she was very nice lady. Yes, you are. Why do you have to hit me with bad news?
Actually, he's criticized that like an hour ago in the fact pushing that stuff. Oh.
Well, it's good that the fascism has been stuck because otherwise that have been depressed for an extra hour.
It's 10, 13. We have an hour and a quarter. Give or take until 11, 30. Boy, is this going to be a day? It is a mind. I don't want to put a lot of pressure on it because we might stop.
But of course, we're taking a forward to stuff. We're going to have a media worker book and a story thing.
I think we want one. There's some people, but metaphor to have a media worker book.
In fact, you can smell the steam coming from their tailpipe right now. They're so nervous about it.
I don't know. I won't put any extra pressure on anybody. That would be wrong. Wouldn't it? No.
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue, any barbecue accessories, you've got to go to a great place. Barbecue is galore.
Get yourself a head start on the barbecuing season with the perfect grill and accessories all at the guaranteed lowest prices. Barbecues galore carries barbecues in every price range, whatever you need.
They got it from the top of line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill, like the one I got.
Their popular three burner cook on has got a generous 625 square inch cooking area and 42,000 BTUs offer a great low price.
Get it on a hardwood steel or enclosed grill cart for just $3.99 or upgrade if you like to the sleek black pedestal base for just $439.
For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget this is the only place you need to be thinking about.
Barbecues galore with two locations for you. They're in plantation on university driving a fountain shopping center called 954-4234-1400.
And across Springs, you'll find them at 7485 West Sample Road right at the corner of Sample in Rock Island called 954-7576668.
For the largest selection of barbecues in the universe, it's barbecues galore and be sure and tell them that fat old meal sent you by.
My life and locals, this is 420560, where you will end.
Jack?
Ah!
Ah!
I think my turn is trying.
Hover and hotter is burning right through my rope.
Yeah!
Push, push, push, push, why do you say fight? I'm really on fire.
If the blade is claiming I don't know which way to go.
These slow, useless barbecues popper, they've come to kill just like butter.
It's like just a fat man's guy, burning moss.
Just a bunch of bunch of burning moss.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
That was hysterical. I'm telling it. Much of you about nothing by the way don't panic boys.
There was a much of you about nothing. Talk about a bunch of emotional cripples in it.
I mean, just hysteria in that place.
Ten nights.
This, that's anything I don't know how the book is going to come up, but the way this day is beginning is so bizarre.
I have no words to describe.
Here's a fact from Rick and Kee Largo who says we're going to find weapons of mass destruction and rack if we have to plant them somewhere.
He says I like Bill Maher's show on HB.
Oh!
It definitely leans to the left more than does to the wrong. Well, I don't care how he leans. I think Bill Maher is an asshole.
Anyway, it says if Mo gets another Schmitty number it still keeps his job.
We'll know for sure that he has pictures of Greg Reed wearing buttless chaps with a ballgag in his mouth. Oh, we all have those.
That's that's not a big deal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But I hear the facts machine behind me wearing that this has been.
I think it's time for me just to take off the rest of the weekend because this has been such a pressure packed day starting at one.
Starting what?
Starting in one minute.
5, 3, 2, 1, OK. Let's see another facts. Phil Henry says that if you support the troops but not the war you're being a hypocrite and really don't support anybody.
I'm sure all of dead GIs appreciate his real support is opposed to my fake support which didn't include them dying in their 20s and leave behind widow's children brothers, sisters, friends and parents will never be able to enjoy the company of their loved ones.
His attitude is disgusting and typical of the so-called baby boomers. Are you sure?
Who ran away and were all into peace and love when it was convenient but turned around a voter for Reagan, Bush one and Bush two.
Who's doing number two on the Constitution? And you are absolutely correct.
Excellent. Oh no, not this other story. This must be a mistake.
A prominent Republican fundraiser who once said that former President Bill Clinton was a law breaker in a terrible example of our nation's young people, pleaded guilty yesterday in Baltimore Circuit Court to production of child pornography.
Richard Anthony Del Gaudio who was sentenced to two years probation before judgment admitted to taking nude photographs of a 16 year old girl he met in East Baltimore's Patterson Park in 2001.
Sounds like Gary Condo would all over again.
In some of the photos he was engaged in sex with her court record show with a 16 year old girl.
The Gaudio 50 of Berk Virginia's a frequent talk radio guest and national figurine conservative politics.
Oh, I'm squeezing myself right now. I'm squeezing my kneecap.
He is president of the legal affairs council, a group that helped pay the legal bills of former Reagan administration officials, Olly North and Casper Weinberger, if they were charged in connection with the Iran Comprehare Fair.
In his pornography case, there was additional evidence that Del Gaudio took erotic images of at least one other younger teenager, but that evidence was not admissible in court because police and properly stopped in search Del Gaudio, Joe Droll, one other younger girl.
At least I'm assuming it's a girl.
Okay. Largely because of that prosecutor, Adam C. Rosenberg offered Del Gaudio a plea agreement rather than taking the case to a jury.
This is a satisfying outcome because it ends a lot of legal issues, Rosenberg said.
And I guess Del Gaudio probably thought it was satisfying too.
How do you like that? And yesterday's ruling judge John Glenn ordered Del Gaudio to stay away from Patterson Park in an neighboring butcher's hill area.
The judge also publicly acknowledged Del Gaudio's humiliation.
Oh my God, you kidding me? Mr. Del Gaudio has been very active in the state of Virginia and around the country.
He was a respected member of the community, Glenn said.
This type of thing is a mortifying experience.
Del Gaudio thanked the judge for his good work.
He's not able to appeal because the conditions of his plea agreement.
Oh, brother.
It's unbelievable.
As part of his restitution of the community, his attorney in Del Gaudio would contribute $5,000 to young mothers who are in distress and in need.
In distress or that dress or whatever dress he likes, whatever dress turns him on.
Oh, brother.
I'm telling you, man, if I was you folks, I'd be right down to the passport office right now. I'm not exaggerating.
I don't want to get you panicking or anything like that. I don't want to get you nervous.
Yeah, but where do you go?
But all this stars grabbing it. I'll tell you where I'm right now. I feel a hell of a lot safer than what's going on in the good old U.S. of A.
Make no mistake about that.
If I've told you once, I told you...
Third man!
...at times that that's the way I feel about it.
At least we don't hear any goose stepping. The sounds of a little tap on the door.
Hey, you got a joint here. You got a roach. Whatever you got.
We're coming to get you. We'll find some reason to put your ass away.
Yeah.
Man, oh man. It is just amazing.
And like I've told you for about 50,000 years for a coon's aid, this is what's going on in the U.S.A.
Bunch of hypocrites, a bunch of self-aggrandizing chest thumping, right wing, Bible thumping assholes, always pointing the accusing figure to everybody else.
And then come to find out their skeleton is just...
It's overflowing with crap. You could smell a crap around a thousand miles away.
So coming up to sunny Toronto, it's 50 now. It's going to be like in the mid 50s today.
Low humidity. It's a beautiful day.
I got a mask.
60s over the weekend. Bring yourself on mask.
Can you believe that an even Rimmer's wife who's a wonderful person.
I love her. She's great. I have no idea what she's doing with him.
But even she said to me, she's like, oh, we're not going to the Eden Center. I said, why not?
That's the big shopping center downtown. Great shopping center.
I said, why not? Oh, there's just too many people in there.
I said, well, you stop and think about this. There are tens of thousands of people who shop and they're every single day.
There hasn't been one case in the community. They're all connected to the first case.
They're all connected back into the hospitals and the healthcare workers.
There isn't one case like just out in the general community, much less at the Eden Center.
Like, you know, I think I might have scared her off a little bit because what used to be the big departments during the anchor of the shopping center
used to be called Eaton's, of course, which is why was the Eden Center.
And then they went under and they were brought out by seers.
So now where it used to say Eaton's on the side of the shopping center, it says Sears.
And if you look real fast, you might not see the E.
Oh, you know what I'm saying? You might go E.
Stars and robots.
Yes, stars and robots.
So there's absolutely nothing to be concerned about. Let's get a lot of people.
Get on the planes here. Canada needs your money.
We love here. Canada, our friends Helen and Aileen and all the other nice people here.
They need your money. They're off the source.
Mayor Lassman invited to come to Toronto, bring bags and bags full of cash.
Good old American currency. It's worth a lot up here, right?
Go into our fine restaurants and just hang out all over town.
There's all kinds of good stuff to see.
The air is free to breathe.
And don't even bring a mask. Okay.
Like I told Rimmer, if I was him, I'd be wearing a mask all the time.
Nobody else's cheap to see is anybody with a reputation for cheapness like him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
I can't because if I talk to you on the inner comic, it goes on a year.
Are you familiar with what the other thing was that I was just talking about on a phone?
No idea. When you hear, I don't even know what to say to you.
Just don't even just pretend it never happened. It's just so silly.
WQ I am.
Okay, there's a good call to fill out breach.
What are you laughing about? We're only an hour away.
Give or take from those numbers coming in 11, 30 this morning.
Can it is going to be a wild time?
I just strap yourself in real tight.
Hey, if you would like to strap yourself in a bed because you're tossing and turning
it's lumpy and bumpy in the bed too and you're not going to good night's sleep.
Do yourself a big favor like over a million smart people, done including us.
And by you, a great new comfortable mattress that'll do you and your back a great service
from dial amateurs. Just one simple call. That's all it takes 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You'll be guaranteed yourself a great night's sleep from our good Paisons at dial amateurs.
They got the best ones in the world. They got C. Lee, Sirta Simmons, King Coral,
Air Resize, Air Restyle. In fact, dial amateurs is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
because they do such a great job of treating you right.
That's why they have more repeat and referral customers than anybody else.
And once you buy a mattress from dial amateurs, you'll never go back to that stupid idiotic way
of schlepping all over town, wasting gas, time, and money in those vetting and department stores
and helping them pay for that big overbloded overhead.
So don't forget, when you buy your mattress from dial amateurs, they set it up for you to take away
the crappy old vetting for free. That is correct. They may be one of the few in the universe who do this.
Dial amateurs sets up the new bed and takes away your crappy smelly, sore old nasty old vetting for free.
So make the call right now and guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come
call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for dial amateurs the way that smart people buy a new bed.
My and local this is 430560.
You ain't too way am.
Face these in the G-Sprang up here. I'll do it.
Well congratulations, get a life.
Now usually I don't do this, but in your case being so beautiful, I'll make an exception.
Now I've got the game for you. It's not the game of food.
Not all of shoots and ladders, hello kitty, oh, hello, whoop.
It's something Mr. Kelly plays with a girl who's right around your age.
It's not a Lincoln log, Shaq more like a gamer, slap Jack.
Give a triangle to, to, to, hear the cargo beat beat.
Before this game we explore, I'll have to undo my drawers and then get down on our forearms.
Don't need your parents for mission, just bank me in this mission.
Mama leave your Barbie doll on the shelf in the kitchen.
Don't need an okay from bed mom. Just slap me on the shiny bone.
You're a free pubic, girl, I'm about to have me some fun.
1031 now, did you get that that I just passed you?
There it is.
Yeah.
God are you slow.
I'll be right on top of these things and keep you informed of what's going on in the world.
Not for, uh, to be discussed.
Yeah.
See the audience is wondering what are they talking about, what on your business?
We know something you don't ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
We're just under one hour away from the magical moment at 1130 when those numbers start pouring across the machines
and the audience wonders what is he talking about?
I wonder how many people after all these years that I've been reading the ratings on here.
I wonder how many people out there really have any idea what I'm talking about?
About third man, huh?
Seriously.
About the share and about, they don't know what it means, but it's exciting anyway.
And they can always tell when we did well and then when we did not so well and if we did crappy by kind of like the atoning divorce, you know.
Well, what's funny about that now that I read that.
We're number one, dammit.
I'm bigger part is the, the, I'm sorry that I sent it to no, I'm just talking about the, uh, the scenario that you don't get to see.
Yeah, let me tell you something had me nervous.
Really?
Yeah, just the whole ambiance, the urgency, the, uh, I mean, when I got your note, I flew into the other room like I thought somebody died.
The count.
I thought somebody died.
That's what I thought.
Huh?
That's what I thought to.
I got some people in here.
Yeah, I got somebody died in it with me, such as Stereo in my life.
And then I go fly.
It's a good thing I didn't have another stroke on the way to the room.
I don't know.
No, you're right.
You didn't see the hysteria.
And it's kind of like, oh, well, you know, somebody saw their pan, which is not all I am usual a Q way.
I did nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
It's got nothing to do with me.
It kind of reminds me like normal calming.
Just come with, it would thank goodness.
It's not going to not anymore lately.
Thank goodness.
I'm on a spend the long distance.
Maybe it's too busy setting up Norma's house of boys.
I don't know what it is.
But good, Golly about stuff that has nothing to do with me.
I'm telling you, I'm starting to make a great comeback.
My head is like almost feels like it's screwed on straight.
I feel almost human.
I mean, what's not to like?
And these people, it's a good thing I don't take things as, uh, hysterically as some of them do.
372 people have checked in.
Man's me the old jury.
Which news show?
Hi, Jared.
I remember it's Chubby checking in.
Remember that?
Yeah.
No, you don't.
I remember you talking about it.
Hi, Jared.
Old Chubby checking in.
Oh, that show.
That was some show.
Jerry Woods there.
And he's, I wonder if they put Jerry's hair piece on top of the casket, you know?
I can't believe he's dead.
He's one of those people who thought would live forever.
Like my mom.
And Mike Rinerie, we can't believe Mike's dead.
Huh?
Right.
Bill Calder.
Bill's been, uh, sure.
He's been pushing the days he was watching this morning.
Ah, well, a lot of dying going on.
372 people have checked in.
Male 35 to 5493.
And male 18 to 3400.
And male 55 plus 37.
So 78.6 and 10 is 88.5.
88.5 percent of the audience is men.
Ooh, and I forgot about the three, like I said, 89 percent.
Almost 90.
three male teenagers. Now how come they're out in school?
Good question. Maybe they're emailing from school.
Maybe they're emailing from school. Maybe they're skipping school. If you listen to the show, which I guarantee they're going to learn a lot more from this show. They'll ever learn in Florida schools.
And we have one female throughout the 17. How do you like that? That should make you happy.
Maybe it's Sabrina. She's in school. Well, maybe she's doing it from school. Okay. She enjoyed being there so much.
Now see, I didn't know how much she was in the studio there yesterday. None of us will bring your kid to work there. Not at all.
Oh, she wasn't. No, she ran around the building getting, you know, in other people's way. I see.
Let's see. Female 35 of 5426, female 55 plus six and female 18 to 34 six. These numbers are pretty promising. But of course the only problem is that's the whole audience.
You know, 172. We can write a room with the holiday in 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
You know, this was a surreal experience. What just happened? So really was. I mean, when the connection was made and the phone was picked up breathlessly.
And I thought to myself, what could this possibly be? You know, yeah, exactly. It smelled like it. It sounded like it. And probably what it tasted like it too. But I'll pass felt like it.
Just calm down. You see, if I was there, this is one of the disadvantages of not having a calm voice of reason there to try to keep everyone under control.
Some of these people that go off the deep end get all hysterical. I mean, I pick up that makes the connection. You know, you can hear when the phone is in the air.
The first thing I hear is. And then come to fight out like I said, muffled his pants again. You know, big deal. Somebody Q I am. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Now that the gas prices are dropping. Now that we're taking over all the world.
Doesn't make you feel any better? No. No. No, not that the Shiites are getting ready to throw us out of Iraq. And they're going to have all kinds of revolution in there. And I want to put in another hour to look in Iran like they did in the same thing next door.
No, so we shouldn't forget about September 11 and at the fender. So let me let me say it again. September 11 had nothing to do with Iraq. Read my lips. It had nothing to do with Iraq. Nothing. We went into Afghanistan and wiped out the Taliban. That was September 11. Okay. Don't be so stupid. So please you sound like you have an IQ larger than your penis.
Okay, please. I beg you. Don't be such a knee jerk idiotic flag waving goofball. Okay. We shouldn't forget ever about September 11. There will be ever. And anybody who went anything to do with it. Let's kill him five times. Okay. I'm all with you on that. It had nothing to do with Iraq. And by the way, how about those weapons of mass destruction? See any? No. No. They're in Syria. Remember they hid that I wait. My phone is ringing in the other room. You think I better go get it? I'll fill some time.
I'd like to take this time to thank barb for me and my friends. I've got to take every minute possible before the show.
This is a good sport. This time. When we get a bit of a grandma, just in Buenos Aires. Okay.
Consummental tango. I heard that. I heard that city. It's not bad. Well, as far as I can. Yeah. I mean, how often do you go out in my tango when you see me?
But we get ours for free. And here it is. Okay. Jack your grandma. Jack will get a new intern. Wow. It's talked about Jack. Wow.
And nobody wants to know about my sexual fantasy. I don't know what that means, but I don't think I've ever discussed anything. But I'm going to start. I'm inspired by you babbling about Jack.
I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start
我很 nervous. I'm going to start. I'm going to start. I'm going to start.
I make some past with my bad ass, sitting down, watching the news.
I just don't want to use my brain or the cellist my old beard.
Cause they all smile so smudged, all the pundits that I see.
Like I'm toxic friends, I believe they're my friends.
And they really care about me.
I know it's true, convincing too.
Cause I saw it all day, my name.
I know that they're in the right path as the croutines of the Lord.
I lost my job, my money's gone. That's what I've been flintest for.
They came for my family, I'll say it not a great, but I have nothing to hide.
So I should be alright until they come for me.
I know it's true, convincing too.
I just saw it all day, my name.
I've got the proof, and the fake is true.
Cause I saw it all day, my name.
I'm going to go there, see you later.
It's 1046 at 560 WDQM, your com, cool, and collected station for the new millennium.
Let's hear it.
416 people on a thing, there we got 15 ages, one young lady and four guys.
And there's no point in my reading these on here, is there?
Not really.
It's our annual demographic survey we do once a year.
It's just for fun, just to see who's out there, and because it doesn't require putting on your thinking cap and making a decision,
unless you really on the side of this, the hole you are, and what is it between your legs?
You know something now, is that another category? What about her mafordites?
That's a good point.
They're militant about that.
A little bit of both?
Maybe next year we'll put the other category on there.
It's Jerry would say the good Lord willen.
I guess the good Lord wasn't willing no more.
Now what is this?
Oh, I see, here's the radio days, very flattering by the way.
Roman Polanski directing by long distance of course.
George Beasley played by Kirk Douglas.
Was that before after the stroke?
Greg Reed, Christopher Walken.
I don't think he's going to be doing a lot of walk in the day.
He's doing the Green Apple Quickstep is what I'm here.
Josh Dero, Steve Buscemi.
Who is that?
He was in Fargo, he's been in a lot of stuff.
He was the little guy that talked about.
Muff Lindsay, Adam West.
Oh no, I was thinking more like May West.
Moe Howard David, Bob Hope.
Yeah, I think they shared the same age.
Only Bob was a lot funnier and he wasn't really that funny in the first place.
Steve Goldstein, Hillary Swank.
Neil Rogers, you're so...
You're like killing.
You think of his coat.
What?
Neil Rogers, you're Ian McKellen.
I don't have no idea who that is.
Again, Dolph, he's a baguette.
Oh, well, in that case.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
Can't be all bad then.
George Rodriguez and Tonyo Van Deris.
We're talking about flattering.
Who the hell are you kidding?
Oh, brother.
Oh, you're no Ian McKellen.
You're a boy.
Be the more played by Freddie Prinz Jr.
Again.
Brother, how come you two guys come off to Louisiana, sir?
What the hell?
You must have...
This must be a put up job.
Must be.
Magdog Mandage, Ed Marenero.
That's not bad.
Remember old Ed Marenero?
No.
We like to sauce.
Hank the Humper.
Gene Hackman.
Gene Hackman is Hank Goldberg.
That is...
That was...
That is scandalous.
Maybe a jeans been doing a lot of eating lately.
Eddie K. by Peter O'Toole.
And if we can't get Peter O'Toole, how about...
Father O'Toole.
God.
Joe Costello, Jim Varnie.
Mark Eisenberg played by Adam Sandler.
The Beast, Marlon Brando.
I like that.
Josh Freeman, Dom Delewese.
Nah, not big enough.
Which one?
That's the funny, John.
Uh...
Jeff Hive, Virginia Capers.
I don't know who that is.
I don't either.
Is Virginia like Capers?
Jeff, he ain't really eating anything.
Screw Anmpi by Anonacole Smith.
I like that.
The Water Notsy, Kathy Bates.
And themselves, Johnny Depp, Tom Brady, and Tom Welling.
Now we're talking.
Oh, right.
So Tom Welling shows ass on the next Tuesday that the...
I think that's the previous.
Let's see.
I don't know if you've seen these.
By the way, what do you think of the Duck Stars game?
I...
If you thought I stayed up till 2.30 in the morning and watched that, you're crazy.
The game was until 2.30 in the freaking morning, and the...
The...Ducks won again over time, 4.3 over Dallas.
There's nobody talks about that this morning.
But who are the Seahawks gonna pick in the ninth round?
Right, Rocco.
You're right on target, man.
Hockey takes a back seat on this radio station.
Even though we're gonna sign the Panthers again.
Because of the fact that you got the mole, Mike.
You got a saw.
Pushed there in the morning.
Well, not guilty.
Talk about it.
We'll actually know something about it.
And because the rest of our guys are too lazy to learn anything about it.
I mean, don't get too long.
I like the mad dog and the Humper, but they don't know what God damn thing about hockey.
And they're just too lazy to learn nothing about it.
Very sad.
And of course, what's going on right now?
We got two things.
The Stanley Cup playoffs, and we got the NFL draft tomorrow.
And what kind of a person in their right mind cares about the NFL draft?
And who the Seahawks are gonna draft in the 85th round.
Now, what is this?
Oh, this is incredible.
In fact, it inspires me to play something here in a couple of minutes.
I'm glad you're saying this.
A new national sex symbol is emerging from an unlikely source, Washington, D.C.
You are so damn hot and smart too.
I'm enthralled by you.
You are dorebly handsome and your appearance.
You are so cute and intelligent.
I believe he's the first ballman I've ever been attracted to.
Says another one.
No, these are not accolades for Bruce Willis.
Rather excerpts from fan mail to the White House press secretary, Eric Fleischer.
Posted on the web.
Oh my god.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Posted on the web.
Oh my god.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
I have rested on the free first ball titles tonight.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric Fleischer.
Eric him.
Eric Fleischer.
Oliver Smith.
You said he saw somebody push that way so he could punch that number by ginger.
What a surprise. Includes a tribute page to Flaisher which blasts my country
Tisabee while a web surfer can meditate on a photograph of Kareelak
Young Erie. Oh, can I please? I must have been a long time ago.
The tribute also includes excerpts from an interview with Flaisher,
which he describes his typical day from waking up at 5 a.m. to doing the early
press morning gaggle. He makes me gaggle. The site's webmaster Benjamin
Moreno, a Philadelphia. See, I told you about Philly tonight. Yep.
Said that the key to his popularity with the women for Flaisher is confident
demeanor and you can't see how much demeanor that is.
Mary, it's a fairy, Erie.
Mary, it's a fairy.
Mary, it's a fairy, Erie.
Mary, it's a fairy, Erie.
Still hating homo stories.
Mary, it's a fairy, oh no.
Hats it up, Loretta.
Mary, oh no.
Do you have the wife, you know?
Oh.
He's a queer ho-oh-oh.
Mints and pooh, friend.
Oh, nothing queer.
With letting his shoes fall in confused.
Still hating you, who wears panties underneath his shoes.
There.
Mary's a neat, but very stokies.
Gotta get Mary.
Mary's a fairy, Erie.
Gotta get Mary.
Mary's a fairy.
Loretta's hating homo.
Now he's guy and Mary.
So scared of the white house homo.
Yes.
He's a fair and a tackedish muck with a glow of gold.
A foolish girl.
That's what he stole for.
That's he brought home.
And he never each tune on a roll.
Mary's a sweet, milleaking fairy,
so he's gotta get Mary.
Mary's a fairy, Erie.
Gotta get Mary.
Still hating homo.
But he's gotta get Mary.
Homo has to come through.
Yeah.
Gotta get Mary.
Homo has to come through.
He sure doesn't pay off today.
He seems to be right to the bowl.
Every time I see that bald head of geek.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, boy, the pressure
is mounting now, especially with all these other
ancillary things going on in the building.
Man, I sure hope Moldus have found out about this.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neil.
How are you, man?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, you know that next spring,
you'll be able to take a fairy over to Rochester from Toronto.
Take a fairy?
What's his name?
Uh, well, I'm this thief.
No, really.
They're having a high-speed fairy service between Toronto.
Really, Rob?
I'll be damned, boy.
I sure hope they don't have any disease on that ship.
Oh, hey, man.
It's ours.
Hey, and speaking of the small-ville pro-wheel,
I guess he, but oh, and it's like on freeze frame.
I'll bet you do.
I'll send it to you.
OK.
Bye, boy.
Which up?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget, next Tuesday night,
on the WB Smallville as Tom Welling shows it ain't
quite so small after all.
Well, you got it's got like a size 14 shoe.
Must have a big ass, wouldn't you think?
You'd think big something.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, we're just, like I said,
we're just about 35 minutes away from 1130.
And I'll tell you one thing.
Those things better come in at 1130, too.
Because if not, after all this big buildup,
I am leaving at 1130.
If they're not, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
If there's even a moment's delay,
it's your baby the rest of the way.
I'll just have to lay down on the floor in the night.
And I prostrate for this evening.
Come to the QAM.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Dick Feinberg.
Dick.
Listen, on behalf of the late Johnny Schroeder and Del Manjee,
I want to thank you for all the harness racing
I mentioned yesterday.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If it wasn't for harness racing,
Georgia's sex fantasies, they would have one hands down
or hand someplace anyway.
No question about that.
I'll tell you one thing about Georgia.
He's no Louis Rapone.
That's what he said.
I'll tell Louis, no George when I see it.
I'm sure he's not.
But I don't know.
If 30% of your audience doesn't want to hear about harness racing,
it would lead me to believe that maybe we
got to stop advertising.
Uh-oh.
But we'll never do that.
Look at it this way.
70% do want to hear about it, say.
Well, at least, yeah, at least it wasn't their first choice anyway.
In fact, if we could get 70% of them there every night,
you'd be in good shape.
Well, you know, it got me to your website.
I tried to vote five or six times.
Yeah.
I actually voted for harness racing.
I don't want to hear about it either.
I don't blame you.
I'm sure you get enough of it the rest of the day.
Right. That's right.
Well, listen, say how to Bob Beaumar.
I will tell him.
And Hunter Duncan tell.
Well, I tell him and tell him that just like Joe Pavia,
telling both the race doesn't end at the three-quarter pole, okay?
Hey, Joe won four the other night.
Did he?
Yeah.
Marked that on the counter, man.
The better the night is back.
Now that Brian's gone, there's hope for everybody.
That's right.
Everybody's picking up the piece.
Okay, take care.
I'll see you in June.
Okay.
Take care, Dick.
Bye-bye.
Good guy.
Dick Fiber from Poppano Park.
We're going to talk about all those great harness
Francis O'Hare, Joe Mars Jr.
In fact, Georgia's going to be throwing
a few names of his own as a matter of fact.
Like Hillary Swank.
Oh my god.
My name is Daniel Laurel.
We're sports radio 560.
You A.M.
Friday, you bastard.
We're number one, dammit.
Well, everyone, two sand domes has been burned up the shots.
This dried all its palaces and blue understates.
No more wild Lord, he's on that ship for the fools.
There'll be no more who's there in the family.
Hey, Cruz.
Good day.
Call your brother, Cruz.
Hey, tell him that there's no way.
No way, he'll be going on a scene.
Cruz.
Sixth floor, guys, Missles.
Hit the start.
Hey.
What do you know about me?
All the crew could do was watch his fair.
Hey, what's wrong, come on, go away.
We saw a window of that guy who was thrown into sin.
Now it looks even worse than the tent and then.
One new episode, dictator returns to news.
Now be no more who's there in the family.
See, Cruz.
Good day.
Good day.
Call your brother, Cruz.
Hey, Cruz.
Tell him that there's no way.
Oh, my God.
No way, he'll be going on a scene.
Cruz.
Sixth floor, guys, Missles.
Hit the start.
Hit the start.
Hit the start.
One new, how he's saying will be snatched.
Oh, can't get out.
Well, everything's the dumbles.
Has been burned up the shots.
This is the trend of it's bad.
This is the blue and this yeah.
No more wild on these other ship for the blues.
Tell me no more who's there in the family.
See, Cruz.
Good day.
Good day.
Call your brother, Cruz.
Hey, Cruz.
Tell him that there's no way.
Hey, Cruz.
No way, he'll be going on a scene.
Cruz.
Oh, 1103 at 560 WDQM.
This is supposedly the big hour, 1130.
We've got the Arbor Tron, Wooder Book coming out.
We think and that fact she just sent me.
Yeah.
You see in one of the industry publications, that information is in there, which is exactly
what's on this this individual for, for Ken to know something, but obviously doesn't.
Paul, I want to say.
Yeah, I got it.
At any rate, thanks to my good friend Lynn, she knows about that too.
I should point out, but at least she tells me where she got it from.
Southwest virus pilots for takeoff of their uniforms.
She turned me on to this story.
I just checked it out.
Southwest Airlines has fired two pilots who allegedly turned their cockpit into a clothing
optional play pen.
Sounds like something from that video by the what you call it.
Food fighters.
Don't remember the video.
Of course I did.
Learning it by.
The pilot and co see.
He remembers the name of the song.
My mind is just turned to mush, especially since about an hour ago this time.
How come the pilot and co pilot both men were dismissed for allegedly taking off all or
most of their clothing in the cockpit of the aircraft.
Southwest Airlines conducted the thorough investigation, terminated the two pilots involved
for inappropriate conduct, said, spokeswoman Ginger Hardage, who would not elaborate.
Southwest will not tolerate any inappropriate or offensive behavior.
Cockpit and Anakin seem to be on the rise, even as pilots and pastures, face the stress
of air terror fears.
America West fired a pair of pilots last year for being under the influence of alcohol
in the cockpit.
After running up 140 to our tablet, a Miami bar the night before remember that well.
And a Northwest Airlines pilot was arrested in January after loaded gun was found.
He's carry on.
The pilots involved are appealing their termination.
They contend that one of them moved as uniform actor coffee was spilled.
A flight attendant saw them after being summoned to the cockpit to bring paper towels and
soda water.
Southwest is treating the episode as a prank that went too far.
While the incident occurred on a Boeing 737 in flight, there's no implication that
safety was breached and an FAA spokesman said there's no specific prohibition against
flying naked.
I'm not aware there are any regulations on the type of clothing, so there's most likely
none on wearing no clothing at all.
Spokesman Les Doris says there are rules against behavior that distracts crew members during
vital phase of flight, which is about anything below 10,000 feet.
Southwest is famous for being off feet when the airlines started flying in 1971.
Flight attendants wore hot pants and were chosen for sex appeal.
Founder Herb Keller heard of the high priest of Ha Ha by fortune magazine.
Unabashedly said the airline looked for attitudes, people with a sense of humor who don't take
themselves too seriously.
To this day, Southwest offense makes funny and flight announcements, sometimes even in
song.
Keller Herb is publicly dressed as Elvis once arm wrestled ahead of another company for
the rights to a slogan.
He lost him with ceremony sleigh, carried from the ring on a stretcher while sipping shots
of wild turkey.
How do you like that?
That's our kind of airlines speaking of the food fighter.
They're still learning to fly.
Man, 5670560 pound 5660 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
See my psychic powers again, let me know that this was going to be just a wild and woolly
day.
I can feel it.
A wild and woozy day as they see in Syria.
I'm starting to feel it.
WDQIM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
42 year old Gringo.
I don't have a computer.
You need to mark me down.
I'm right.
Also, can you hold off on your number, still 1147, so fall Harvey, so there's a lot of
Okay.
Have a great day.
I don't think so.
Okay, what do we got?
How many people listen?
I don't want to go through the whole demographics.
They're 469.
You just made up the last part.
400 and like I said, it just changed.
You got to bet you like 479.
Like I said, look at that.
Including two females, 12 to 17, four males, 12 to 17.
I'll skip in the school plane hockey, a hookie and a pretty, a then good show in there.
Okay, if we believe it.
This is an interesting fact that you sent me from our good chronic friend Phil and Mudgate.
He says, I'm probably wearing my send a chicken hock to a rack t-shirt that arrived in yesterday in the mail on the back is written.
And echoes about Bush, a wall from Texas National Guard and Cheney and the Ashcroft and Trent Lauderdoros Limbaugh, who avoided military service during the Vietnam War.
It says, I walked into Albertsons at 610A and when I approached the cashier, there was a customer man in his late 60s, looked at my shirt with a puzzle look and a half smile.
He explained, what's a chicken hock?
Well, I guess Phil should have told him he used to mean something different than it means now.
You should have seen his pisco sour when I turned around and read the back.
He said, with a disgusted tone, you're one of them liberals.
I replied and proud of it.
The old man said, you should support the president at a time of war.
I said, I'm practicing my constitutional writer freedom of speech and expression.
Old man, I spent two years in the Korean War and you're un-American because you don't support our troops.
I said, you as a veteran should be more pissed off than me that Georgian is cartel avoided service in the military but can send the, I can see blind patriotism and limited intelligence have eliminated your ability to think for yourself.
He stormed out of the store.
The cashier laughed and said he agreed with me.
I asked Phil in my gate.
Good work.
Good work.
Piss off that old fart.
Probably on his way to funerals and more or whatever that place is.
What is it?
Oh, I got it.
The funerals super store.
Perfect for South Florida.
5667, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, Rosalind, all of a sudden, everything calm down in the building.
I have a feeling in spite of all this SARS crap up here that there's a lot more psychosis in the QM building that there is anywhere here in Toronto, except in Mayor Mills office.
Yeah, all these people here to pissed off and fart up at the W-8T rightfully so.
W-Q-I-M.
Good morning.
How are you?
You're fine. How are you?
I'm your first lady of the day.
Oh, gosh. I'm honored.
Isn't that great?
I guess.
Anyway, I wanted to kind of vent a little and I'm a little bit apoplectic about something.
Why is that?
Well, I was listening, unfortunately, with my daughter on Y100 yesterday and came across a contest that they're having, called Forgive or Forget.
Now, let me tell you what this is about and you tell me if you're apoplectic, too.
Apparently, the Dixie chicks are coming to town and they're giving away tickets and basically you can forgive them and get the tickets or forget about them and not take tickets.
And I stopped to think, do they have to be forgiven for something? Did I miss something?
Yeah, for especially an opinion, yeah.
I was just, how did they?
Stupid.
I'm like, I'm going to call them and I'm, I don't know what good it's going to do, but...
I'm going to ask them out.
It's ridiculous.
Forgive them for what?
For doing what every American has the right to do, which is the best.
Yeah, but look at the other point.
Or look at all the good publicity together.
I guess, but...
And their album is still number one, even though the single dropped like a rock for whatever reason.
But their album is still number one.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know the Dixie chicks that well.
I'm not really a fan of them.
Music, I'm not a country in western Finland, but I am a fan of free speech.
It's, you know, what we're all without.
Yeah.
So I just wanted to let you know that.
What would you expect from a really politically astute radio station?
Like, why 100?
How would you, you know, the mentality of a five-year-old and the sandbox?
What do you expect?
There you go.
Probably that idiot's footie had something to do with it.
Yeah, there you go.
He's always sticking his footie in his mouth or something.
Some, some kind of, you know, subversive tool that he is.
Can I make a shameless request?
Consider the source.
Yes, ma'am.
One of them, Nicky and Eisner ones, maybe preferably one of the earlier ones, because...
Okay, forget it.
The last one wasn't that great.
You got it.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Little Mickey and Eisner too.
Well, lighting up your Friday.
Don't forget.
What's the, I haven't even looked at the schedule.
Eisner?
He's going to be on all day.
Eisner.
Man, dog at one.
The hunt now.
And now, see, I knew there was something on here that was different.
What's the story with Hunter Humper?
He's out again.
We don't know.
What do you mean we don't know?
We know he's out, because it's his on here.
Jessica, you know what?
It's a fox, okay?
Since the clearance put that on the schedule,
it says Joseph Acky sucks, okay?
Oh, my, oh, my.
So, Joseph, for the Hunter 3, we'll find out why.
He can't already be on his way to Louisville, can he?
That's Louisville, Neil.
No.
Or can't be, because he's on a chula's next week.
Oh, look at that.
He's at Louisville starting Tuesday next week.
And then Zagaki's on on Wednesday.
What kind of a schedule is this man got?
I'm starting to get jealous.
I'm working too damn much.
Seriously, I'm working too many days in a row.
What are you laughing about?
I'm about 30, man.
Yeah, that's too much for me.
The Humper is never on.
Mad Dog, he works three days and takes off six.
He got the little dog on there all the time.
And anybody else we can find hanging around in a building?
Anyway, so Joseph Acky at 3, then we got the Marlins on
director.
Red Hot Marlins, anybody care?
No.
Cardinals at the Marlins 9-7-35 after the pregame show.
Eddie K, after the game, and then ESPN radio overnight,
because we get it for free, and nobody else will work that cheap.
From that it's past 11 a.k.w.
And we're only 18 minutes away, we think.
Now, these numbers come down to 11-30 still, or we haven't heard anything different.
How's that?
Nothing to the contrary, because I inquired about that, and every indication seems to be that we're on schedule.
We've got ourselves strapped in, we're on schedule, and people are having a very nervous time of it.
Hey, if you're having a bad time of it, as far as your health is concerned, here's something you can pop in your post.
I can only improve it.
Olumet.
Olumet, soft gels contain the finest olive oil known to man.
It's just not ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated.
And inside those little soft gel capsules are all kinds of other good stuff too.
Olumet are being taken up, reduced the risk of heart disease, not cholesterol.
Plus now there are 14 different oliumet formulas you can choose from.
Each one, combining that great olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and herbals,
to support specific parts of your health, from your bones to your blood pressure, like I'm doing, to your immune system.
By the way, Skippy, I'm still waiting.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need.
Now there are three great new formulas from oliumet.
Want to help you sleep, want to help you control your weight, and sell Q10,
CoQ10 for your heart.
You'll find oliumet at public secrets, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Navarro, and Zidanos.
If you like you can order it online at oliumetamerica.com, or if you want to get more information about what oliumet is all about and what can do for you,
just call their toll free number and ask away.
1-866 oliumet.
That's 1-866-653663.
Get some oliumet today, like I'm doing, start popping it in your post real soon.
This is 420 devices.
QAM.
Try there, you bastard.
Hi, Snor.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But, sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square.
420 Second Street.
Hang on.
Raymond!
Raymond!
Quite all the vacuum cleaner, Raymond.
Get that blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
Eisner, but, sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
40 Second Street is incredible.
I know what, publicly, I supported that, but you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gavoscow on my pads.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Listen to me, but, much.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Lowell and Stage, $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin my whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute.
The BQ.
Raymond!
Get the blue bird crap all over your shoulder!
It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake.
And head off the module cleaner!
Good God!
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movies.
They're 60 years old!
Why don't you just put steamboat willing on and be done with it?
Please, then, I'd make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Lowell and Stage, and now we have the new M9 channel on movie coming out later this summer.
Why does science, what the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign.
You got a sex wing in some of these titles, cast me.
Please.
Raymond!
Raymond!
Here you go!
I know you can't hear me!
Raymond!
You're still running the market, Planner!
You're the number number, remember that, you're the number number!
Get out of here, Raymond!
And take that blue bird with you!
All right.
I sir!
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm about done with you.
What?
I've done with you, sir.
I'll put Hannah Storm in your job.
But, sir.
You're terrible!
I'm sorry.
Maybe I put Raymond in there.
I don't like to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day!
Get out of here, you nutzag!
1119 at 560 WDQM.
Actually, that one is my favorite.
When I get to my own mind.
And the thing I don't understand is, many people find it's stuff really hysterically amusing,
but they never saw the song of the South.
Right.
Remember the call we had the other day about who the hell is, or maybe it was the facts.
Who's Remus and all that blue bird stuff?
Right.
I guess if you never saw that movie, you don't know what that Uncle Remus is.
You never saw the tar, baby.
And it's kind of like if you never saw the Godfather when he played those droppings.
I don't care how many take-off, getting one grease ball, come on, come out of the woodwork.
You know what I mean?
How can I have any meaning if you never saw the freaking movie?
Do you know who I am?
No.
I'm Moe Greene.
Oh.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
I want to make them an offering, come with you.
Oh, Paulie wants to hear him no more.
So anyway, they're just a little sampling.
You got to see the movies.
And of course, even those of us who've seen 20, 30, 40, 50 times,
I think most people in this audience have seen Godfather.
About 30, man.
At least.
Maybe some more.
I think I've seen more than that.
Me too.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Verizon line.
Criticizing Israel will be a taboo in the US.
Oi!
This is one of our bedtime stories there, which we have many, many all good ones.
A new lobbying proposed by Republican senators will serve.
Now see, there's a word missing in this too.
It's not chopped off.
Well, can't these people do anything right?
We'll serve to prohibit criticism of Israel on American college campuses.
The police state style thought control legislation is to be introduced by the third ranking Republican member of the US Senate.
There is again conservative Rickson at San Toro, Pennsylvania.
Oh, my God.
That fag hitting, uh, juubating is so called ideological diversity legislation.
Suggest cutting federal funding for American colleges and universities.
If those institutions are found to be permitting professor students and student organizations to openly criticize Israel,
which San Toro considers to be an act of anti-semitism, I got to read that paragraph again.
This is an America.
Okay.
This is the US of A.
This is happening in his so called ideological diversity legislation.
Suggest cutting federal funding for American colleges and universities.
If those institutions are found to be permitting professor students and student organizations to openly criticize Israel,
which San Toro considers to be an act of anti-semitism.
So I must be anti-semitic since I'm against Ariel Sherone and most of Israel's policies.
Now I must be an anti-semitic Jew.
Absolutely correct.
One kind of garbage is this.
We're dealing with a lunatic here.
And this is the third rank of Republican member of the US Senate.
One day he's picking on fags the next day saying you can't criticize Israel.
Under the bill to be introduced by San Toro, the federal funding formula under Title IX of the Higher Education Act
will include ideological diversity as well as sexually quality in education as a perquisite for federal funding
reveals Michael Collins' paper of the American Free Press.
Senator San Toro has the support of another fellow conservative and GOP stalwart who's a leading pro-Israeli dialogue.
Kansas Senator Sam Brownback.
Brownback, who's reportedly living in church sponsored luxury accommodation in Washington, has his own scheme to call for
a federal commission to be established under Title IX to investigate allegedly anti-semitic incidents on American campuses.
The news of the San Toro Brownback scheme appeared in the April 15 issue with New York's son, a vehemently pro-Israel-neil conservative daily published in Manhattan,
to Wayne Firestone director of the Central for Israel Affairs for the Hill-All Foundation.
Hill-All has units on campuses across America.
According to the reports, San Toro, along with several Republican members of the Senate, had invited representatives of a number of powerful Jewish organizations to attend a private meeting on Capitol Hill in order to discuss the senator's concerns about growing criticism of Israel on American college campuses.
The report said that during the private senate session of which there are no transcripts available to the taxpayers who paid for the project, an ADL representative reportedly claimed to the gathering that the ADL's annual audit of anti-semitic activity in America had detected an increase by 24% of anti-semitic activity in America.
The anti-semitism on U.S. college campuses in the year 2002, that 24% increase, even by the ADL's own admission, constituted only 21 actions.
21 actions, not even that many.
However, the ADL definition of anti-semitism is so broad that it largely includes even the mildest criticism of Israel that doesn't happen to be framed in the particular parameters that the ADL determined to be acceptable.
What kind of a bunch of cock-a-diss maybe? That's what it is you can smell it.
Listen, you know something? It's what you're doing, man.
Yes, we'll stick with our scars and you stick with your, whatever you've got, seeing scars.
Your scars, battle scars, come on in.
You might mention my name, the Vice Master of Gary.
Wow, that is scary. It's on our website if you want to read the whole thing if you don't believe it or whatever.
They want to make this law. They want to make a piece of legislation that prohibits criticism of Israel on college campuses.
We're going to cut off your funding if you don't talk nice about Israel and Ariel Sharon and all those other far-bitten orthodox over there that are banging it on the wailing wall.
Wow, if that doesn't get you wild, Bush Trinity, Consumersum Secrecy and Jesus Christ, this is a good column by Eric Swanson from a good website, republicans.org.
I don't have time for it. You want to know why? Because we've got to do the break-in then.
Then the pressure is going to really be building.
Not only are we waiting for the numbers, but at this point we're not even really sure what's going to happen at 11.30. Are we?
No. Did anybody come in and advise you? No. I advise Michael.
Huh?
This is legitimate. I swear this isn't human.
I want to make them an offer again with you.
Yeah, we'll get those numbers one way or the other. I want to make them an offer again with you.
Yeah, probably to go have lunch. I go have a few lunches, Marlon, while we're thinking about it.
Okay, we may or may not have some numbers when we come back. They may be running there with some sheets. In fact, maybe Greg might be wearing one.
My mind and local. I hear sports radio 560, she'll be UAM.
Roger's got taken right before you eat. Fino's natural enzyme helps prevent gas before it even starts.
Sorry, my bad. Because after a meal like this, all you really want to feel in your stomach is a good, belly laugh.
Yeah, cool.
Yeah, I got game.
I'm doing things without that.
Okay, this is amazing because there's all like almost to the second. Right.
And the ratings are pouring off the page. Wow. Of course, these are the 12 plus and this is overall.
So it does mean a damn thing, you know.
Is QA, do we have any audience left? I don't see QM here on a 12 plus at all.
Of course, with the war with March, you know, March is going to be a big IOD month with the war.
The attack or a rac attack?
I don't see anything on here. Do we still on the air? Oh my god.
Do you see that? No, I didn't see any of them. Holy to Leo, WIOD333 up to a 3-7, all the only from 10th up to 9th.
But 12 plus WQA, I'm overall. This is 6th am to midnight Monday through Sunday.
27 to a 2-2. We got a 2-2. Oh my god, I think most wearing it.
We're dead in the water, baby. This could be a bad old man. What did I tell you? We had all that good fun and all the other anticipatory of history, all the hijinks and now the bad news comes.
Wow, Zipity, do the Zipity A. Holy to leader. Let's see. Who's number one overall?
EDR is tied with power 5-7 and a 5-7. Got it. Got it.
And a morning, now let's see what happened in the morning here. Maybe Mo is going to bail us out. Do you think? No.
WIOD372 with 3-8. They're number 9. Number one is hot in the morning. Wacky is 5-2. This is 12 plus.
Howard dispermed one from a 5-2 down to a 4-8.
You starting to smell the aroma from this already?
Let's see. Mo 2.5 to a 2.3 from 16 to 20.
You got that? Got it. I think we're going to disappear in the midday 12 plus, which means the rest of it's going to be really bad.
Like I said, all the right wingers must have got the diaries. Because the right wingers do not find a morning where he's Jewish.
Is that the reason? Oh yeah, that's one. That must be excuse. That means the rest of us are in big trouble too.
I'm just reaching back. I'm the Jewish oxidation.
Let's see. Midday. So what did I tell you WIOD from 5 to 4 from a 4.4 to a 4.7?
It's that war thing again, baby. Oh, geez. 4.1 to a 3.5 in the middays.
4.1 to a 3.5 from 8th and number 13 from the last book to this book.
You got that? Got it. Not good. A death nail. Don't start spending any bonus money, Carlos.
Bonus? The onus is on your bonus. You got it? No. I mean a precipitous dive here. Look at that.
Pages are just pouring off of this. See who is number one in midday?
12 plus life. WL. My F. Continue being number one. Slush.
All the people sitting in the doctors offices, all those places. They're the ones who get all the diaries.
CMQ was number two. Oh, WCM QFM and radio mom V. You start to see the smell of this. Starts to smell it on the bean.
The bean inside. Coast 3.4 to a 4.2. This whole thing doesn't make any sense at all.
Power dropping from a 4.4 to a 3.8 and 12 plus. Well, let's just keep looking at it and just keep sending it along.
Looking like a death nail. We're out of business, boys and girls. Been nice knowing you.
Just when we're hoping for like a little kiss in the book.
Three to seven. Let's see. Power 96. Still number one. But from a 7.6 down to a 6.6.
EDR is number two. But down from a 6.3 to a 5. Where did everybody go? Where did I see W.I.D. 3.3 to a 4.0.
Oh, Schmidt. What did I predict? What did I predict? And where's the Humper?
2.3 to a 2.2. So he stayed about the same. He dropped from 19 to a tie for 20th. A 2.2.
That seems to be the operative number for Q.A.M. and 12 plus anyway, which is not an important demographic.
And it includes a lot of very, very old walking dead, but nevertheless.
A 2 2. And nobody in their brother and nobody in their right mind wants to be seen more in a 2 2. Right? Right?
Well, night times. Well, I'm not even going to waste my time looking at that. We don't really care about that.
Unless any K might be listening. You think he cares about that? Because it's not really his number anyway.
I mean, this is January, February and March. So this would be the Panther book. Correct? Right?
Oh, I look at Phil. I feel actually. Are you sure?
3.0 to a 2.9 from the fallbook to the winter book. So he had a slight decline in there, but not like you'd expect.
He didn't pick up and he just went down to 10 to the point. So there was basically no change. In fact, he dropped from 11 to 12th.
On WIOD. And what about any of the K and was Panther games? How much of that? Yeah, from a 1.0.9. Oh my God.
We loved the Panthers. Are you ready for that? Less than a 1 share. Of course, that's 12 plus. Wait till we get to those men numbers, man.
We're really going to start our demo. That's our demo. We can only hope and pray.
We can only pray for a miracle at this point, right? We've got two rosary beads set. Our backs are up against the wall.
They're firing above us below us behind us between our legs.
Now, what's this next stuff for your facts from me? 18 to 34. Now, this is a... Why do we see this? I hate this. You're just getting it as I get it.
And not only that, but they're like pages missing here, too, I believe. There are. I don't know.
I just grabbed the stack and stick them right into the machine. I don't even look at it.
Yeah, you're sticking it all right. 18 to 34. It starts out with the stations that are tied for number 9. What about numbers 1 through 8?
What about numbers 1 through 8, baby? Well, maybe that'll be on the next page.
Radio Rhythmo and PYM. Oh, look at that party radio. Holy Toledo. Look at that. Talk about us having a bad decline.
Whoa. Talk about the parties over. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Wow. Party radio with at the root and the other three records they play.
I guess, after you do it over and over again from a 6.6 in a fall book to a 3.8 from turd to 9th here.
There's something really, really strange about this book. Do you know what I'm saying? There's something read. There's an aroma.
Open up the windows, boys and girls. Let the air clear out. There's an aroma. The stench of common or is permeating from this.
Oh, brother. He's asking me all these 18 to 34 numbers, which nobody cares about. I guess except the people and where's the first page from that?
You got everything I got. What was the first page that would be power 96 and the important stuff on the inside and I don't, I don't got it.
We look to the stack. Make sure it didn't get. Got almighty. Well, here's mornings 18 to 34. Zeta. Oh my God. Now we know it's a bogus book.
Zeta from a 7.5 from number four to number one 9.5. Power 8.9 when 9.0, but they slipped the number two. This looks really suspicious to me.
EDR is number three. Big Howard Stern drops from second 18 to 34 to fourth with a 7.9.
Castron over and all of a sudden out of the blue, a 9.5 18 to 34 in the morning. What else is that all about? They like your material.
They like my material. It's even better the second time around is that what you're trying to tell me on FM. That sounds really, really, really, really suspicious to me. I couldn't be wrong. What do you think?
They don't think I'm wrong. That happens spontaneously. I didn't even touch the button. Well, they are clear channel station, are they? Oh, that's right. Forgot about that. Oh, that's right. I'll clear channel stations. But then again, so is big.
So it's like 90% of the stations on the list. Let's see 6 to 10. Am I more probably picked up on 18 to 34? When you think you think?
No, not really. That's not exactly our demographic. Where the hell is the more master? Come on. Let's get him a number in there.
W-R-M-A. I'm looking party radio in the morning 4.5 to a 2.8 power like as powers got like triple four times their audience. That's all over. That format's done. You're all done, Disney. You're through your finish.
You're like team. Uselani, you're finished. What is the page missing in here too between 16? Oh, look at that. Oh, again, something really funky here from an 0.7 to a 2 point for the moment.
He went up from number 21 to time for going to 16. I've done anything to write home about. There's something there. It's things to it.
Huh? Well, you gave up some help. I did. How do you know? What do we got?
We went from a 2.3 to a 3.7. That's right. So it must be the 9 to 10 hour. Right? You know something. Maybe we can't salvage something out of this thing. You think? Yes. The audience must be wondering, what are you guys talking about? Well, we'll figure it out.
Okay, we'll let you know. It's very tense now. It's tense. The tension is building. In fact, I think I may do a little lumber in the chair here.
Yeah, I'm hitting 10. 18 to 34. Maybe just the old parts that turned on.
Oh, huh?
Absolutely correct. Time with hell. Let's do the break. I'll staple all this stuff together. We'll come back. And if they're not going to, I'll make some numbers up.
My and loco. This is 4205 city.
Way to way.
Howard David's bit. I'm getting pounded.
Justin, time for Mace Weaves. It's Michael Jackson's funniest home videos. I don't want to sleep in your bed.
I've done that many times. Children all over the world. When you say bed, you pick the sexual. It's Waco Jacko.
Hey, Michael. I'm almost done with your new nose. This one looks like a glow hole. Good. That's what I want.
You help me read bears so I can hit higher notes.
Contracts. Now it gets sick. I start to regurgitate.
Number 45 at 560. Nobody can hear me. The tension is still in the air. Cut it with a butter knife or your toe. Now, are you stop sending me stuff all of a sudden?
There was a lag, but now they're about to go there. But we got tipped off.
Clarence came in here and kind of ticked off. Yeah, kind of tipped the hat a little bit about what's to come.
Van.
We're number one.
They make it out of here.
Are you crazy? The show. Yeah, I am crazy, but nevertheless.
The show. QAM midday is number one. No, no, no. Us.
What do you mean us? Yeah, I'm sorry. The midday. I was interrupting it.
We're number one.
Well, I'll be dead. That's got to be a miracle. So it's evidently the old parts that turned on us.
But you know what screw that? I hope we see them at the funeral supermart.
The funeral superstar. We'll see it over the weekend. Okay. It's a dying business.
Also, Clarence, mine's want to know. Are we doing any sorts of weigh-ins today?
No, we're not. Well, we're done with him. We're done with him.
And I never got on the skill. It was more than it was the furthest thing from my mind.
I'm sure not going to do it now after drinking two gallons of diet soda.
Now, what were you asking that? Please don't tell me he showed up.
Nobody called.
In the answer is no. The answer is have a great life piece. They'll get you on your own.
Good luck to you. I wish you nothing but the best, but no, we're not playing fast and loose with our sponsor anymore.
So you can play little games. Okay. Just not fair to them and not fair to us and not fair to you.
Lose some weight and quit the run of the rascal house with the professional Jews.
I can't believe he called in. But then again, you know, his other friend called in this morning.
Hi, appali. I'm in the hospital. I'm not in with my weight. Right.
Now, what is this that you're sending me a nighttime first on person's 20 somebody there need some serious help?
No wonder I got that phone call before.
He told me a stack. It goes into the past. It's simple as that.
This is coming through as slow as molasses. Now we had a good assembly line going there for a while.
And now it's slowed down to a crawl. How many pages of you faxed me 25,000.
Night time, which we nobody cares anything about this.
And after seeing that earlier, WEDR is number one at night.
By the way, friend, who cares people 25 54. Are we going to get some men numbers in here so we know something eventually?
Oh, this is the we least at 11 30 just as promised.
There came the first page off there and the assembly line.
It was and this reminds me of that Lucy show where they are.
You know, the cookies were coming off the assembly line. Remember that.
Oh, sorry. I was having a discussion with somebody.
Discussion. What's up? What's up? We're talking about the numbers over here.
Hey, tough. We don't have time for you to be interrupting our show.
Okay. This is the important stuff. You have put on the apron or something important stuff like what?
About how amazing the numbers are.
Are is like congratulate. Congratulations.
Congratulations. You can't even speak. Congratulations.
Not that he was nervous or anything.
You'll find out. I'll tell you this.
Congratulations.
Seriously, I want to tell you something.
The next time anybody, I realized that you have to go step and answer to other people just like we all do.
But the next time anybody gets that emotional, please try to tell them it's not good for their mental health.
You should know having been pressed to the wall yourself. Just tell them to calm down. Okay.
Take two and call us in the morning.
I have my own prescribed room now.
I have my own wing.
It's a.
I noticed when I was down there last month, I noticed that they now have actually rubber on the walls in muffs office, which is interesting.
And also some of the guys that were working on that were like eye and clearances office.
So it'll probably be next.
Yeah, they're there exactly. They're ready to install it now.
So let me ask you this. How did we do this?
Don't ask me.
And of course, I still don't and not even close to having those numbers. And there's nothing coming off the machine now.
So I have no idea what's going on.
And they're all under.
Congratulations.
You know, I have.
Yeah, you're number one.
Yeah.
The, uh, what do you see the mornings and I'm going to leave now?
What is that mean?
That good, huh?
Yes. Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Yeah, I mean, that's not sensational, but we're moving up.
Where is Hank today, by the way, Muff?
He's doing something. He doesn't know.
Is anybody there?
Hey, he doesn't know.
He doesn't know.
So in other words, okay, I'll tell you what, George, Monday, I won't be here.
I don't know what I'm going to be doing, but I'm already doing something.
No, it's business.
It's flashing.
And this man is taking it very personal.
How do you like that?
There's business.
And this man is taking it very, very personal.
I can't, this we're only TV right now.
You'd see how I know.
I know.
You're taking a scary part.
Stop up to this granny glasses.
You're taking a scary part.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
When you start faxing me some goddamn numbers, you little spit.
I haven't stopped faxing.
There's nothing coming from my machine now.
My fault.
Boy, don't be blind to the bat.
These glasses.
God.
Are you telling me there's stuff that I should be getting now?
Sending page 22 of what?
30 minutes.
What says receiving page 22, but it's not printing anything.
Wow, that's my fault.
Huh?
Oh, it does say toner low.
Am I going to have to change the toner?
There's nothing wrong with it.
Huh?
You're not going to change the toner.
It still starts getting real light, do you?
I am.
Well, why is my thing not printing it all?
I don't know.
Oh, no.
I don't understand this.
There's nothing coming out of that machine.
It says receiving page 24, 25.
It's not printing anything, though.
Is there paper?
There's enough paper to choke a horse, okay?
It might be receiving a big chunk and then print big chunk.
I got a big chunk for you, okay?
Remember what that bits say?
Open wide for chunky?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's take some calls while we're waiting to see if this fact.
I don't think the fact machine's going to work.
Oh, no.
Let me just take a look.
Is receiving page 28?
Why is I too much going on here?
I think there's a lot of things going on here.
I read the paper in there.
It says receiving page 29, but it's not printing anything out.
What do I do now?
Punt.
Somebody help me out.
What do I do now, folks?
I'm going to have a paper in there.
How about if I just...
Because you might have to refactor.
If I were you, I wouldn't be pushing anything through there right now.
Is this my suggestion?
Oh, it's just spat out the last page.
Okay, well, I'll sit here and wait and see what happens after it receives.
How many pages did you send through there?
I'm reluctant to answer.
That's what I thought you'd say.
45.
Really?
Yeah.
And it's just due to not a number 30 now.
Well, then how come it was spitting out all these others one by each side by each before?
This has got to be really spectacular listening for the audience.
We apologize, okay, but we're very excited because we're number one and we didn't expect it.
We thought we're going to get a rastake.
And I can't wait to see that morning number.
Oh, and I spilled stuff here.
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
Paper tunnel time, sorry.
It's all right.
Keyboard.
So Jacqueline wears baby clothes.
Oh, yummy, yummy violetas.
How are they violetas?
I spilled soda on my mouth.
So much for that.
She shook my hand.
Now my hand smells like violetas.
I'm going to have to go shake her hand.
This is brutal.
This is like I am her.
It's terrible.
See, and Duff was asking how you got that big number for you were asking.
Yeah.
Stuff like this.
Yeah, here's how.
Great live radio.
And you know, once you get soda in a keyboard, it usually...
What?
The coffee usually did it for me.
Well, and it blows out the keyboard.
Yeah.
Luckily, I got a couple of spares in the closet there.
Okay, now nothing has happened.
I can't plan the music.
Not so receiving page 40, but it isn't printing any of it.
Now what do I do now?
What was the last page you got?
The last page I got was it...
Oh, I think it's starting to print.
I just heard a kind of like click into gear, man.
Is it printing?
Now receiving page 41.
How many goddamn pages did you send here, Eumaniac?
Forty-five.
Oh.
So we'll never know.
Seven of midnight, you were faxing me stuff that I have no interest in.
Twenty-five to fifty-four.
The only page...
The only thing that's the important thing is the last page was page three.
So I have 42 more pages that you faxed from this little...
No, I haven't come in yet.
I'm not.
I'm not going to fax you men, twenty-five fifty-four.
When the fax machine...
Don't fax anything until I send it to the high sign.
Give me the high sign, okay?
I'm about ready to give everybody the high sign.
WQA, Marry, are you still listening?
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
You're going to fire that Mexican who messed up your fax machine?
Okay.
Time soon.
Okay.
What do you say, F-R-Y?
Mexican, the Mexican that messed up your fax machine.
Okay, you're fired Carlos.
Four minutes till noon at five sixty-four.
You can apologize profusely, but during the break I'm going to stop on...
Oh wait a minute, it just went beep.
Does that mean it's going to start printing?
Maybe.
Hang on a second, this is the moment.
Of truth, hang on.
No, no, no.
It said jam on it.
I put a little blueberry jam on it and now I think it's going to start printing.
That means during the break if this starts printing out...
Yeah.
And I'm hearing it starting at goosey noise when it starts printing.
You know that real exciting noise?
Right.
Like something that comes from the spurtin' out of there.
Squirt, squirt.
And there goes the page.
And it's looking at that.
And look at that.
Oh right.
It's working baby.
My love, this is 4205 City.
Way to A.
Third number one,
D-N-I-State Goldstein, but you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Zah!
WQA of his proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the once-in-a-lifetime
wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curricula, the course is free.
Of course you'll work for free.
Call 1-800-1-A-B and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Marges.
Stop!
You want me a boy cast out?
A boy cast out?
A boy cast out?
Yeah.
No, no, no, no.
For a second.
You say news?
Be.
No, no, no.
News.
No, no, no.
What was it?
News.
No, no, no.
I'll take you out of the door, you need help.
Here we have the Zoro's Beginner's course.
We, we, we, we repeat after me, man.
We, we, we, we, we.
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
It's good.
We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we.
Over here we have the effect of the win-win-win world.
Wait, don't watch me! Wait, here we go!
Take him as a call!
What are you gonna do?
Go straight down!
Pay it up to me!
Pay it up!
Pay it up!
Pay it up!
Pay it up!
Pay it up!
Pay it up!
Pay it up!
Pay it up!
And over here we have to...
I...
I like to give him...
Ah...
And I'll open your books to...
...and...
...pages...
...forging...
Pay it up to me!
And I...
No that's what I want you to repeat again...
And I...
And I...
...and I...
And hopefully this woman's joking when I'm watching!
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Ah, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM school of broadcasting provide you with the essential tools you'll need to
make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean a one-quam crew.
Where number one, David O!
How do you like that?
This was quite a procedure.
I just went through here.
I'm glad you couldn't see it.
No fewer than five people came in to say that that was the most hilarious ten minutes of radio they ever heard.
Not on this end, it wasn't.
I'm a skill and crap, and I'm like, uh, that's what I'm trying to get the facts machine working.
I feel like I'm running a gut in factory here.
Your misery is hysterical to them.
I want to tell you one thing, man.
This is Mo Howard, David.
He is just... what did I always tell you about him?
I... I... I...
Huh?
I think we might have given him a little bit of help there.
From a three-two from number ten and men.
I hope he's listening right now.
I'm sure he has Mo.
You did it, baby.
My post-personal buddy.
You couldn't have done it without us.
Oh!
From a three-point two from number ten and men to number five, a four-point seven.
It's time to get it on.
There you go.
That's six.
That was George Dunette.
He's stupid.
I know.
That was George Dunette, not me.
Hello, George.
Anyway, so number one in men, Howard Spurm.
He didn't change that much.
He went from a ten-point...
Oh!
...a nine-point eight.
He's number one in the morning.
Howard Spurm, he runs the market, you know, and most of the markets.
Zeta?
Zeta, what was that other demo where they had that bus...
Oh, 18 to 34.
That's something really stinks about that, Paulie.
Paulie, man.
Zeta, six-four to six-six, but they're still way behind the Howard Spurm.
Hot, five-seven up to a six-one.
This is men.
Six to ten-a-m.
Radio Rhythmo, five-point four to a five-point four.
That's consistency, baby.
Radio Rhythmo, they're doing it.
I don't have no idea what they're doing.
I don't want to know.
And then the Momeister.
The only problem being, he didn't move up enough to like get us that bonus money.
Overall, we're fourth in men.
And that piss you off, no party.
No, seriously, so in other words, we don't mind that if he did well,
if he would have made us some extra money by doing it.
But as long as we weren't like in the top three overall in men,
he might as well have had a one.
He said, whatever there was justice.
But there's not.
And we can't even find Don Crowley on here.
It feels good.
Now in the midday, in the midday in men 2554.
We're number one, David!
There's that bonus again, baby.
From a 6.8 in the fall to a 7.2.
So let that dispel all these myths right now,
because that includes January, February, and March bonus.
Not for you, punk.
Oh, you already got your bonus.
Duff gave it to you in a hallway.
He said bonus.
You already got your bonus in a hall against the wall.
And whatever you do, don't fall.
And if it turns out bad, don't call me.
I could have put something about fall in there too,
but that would have been bad.
QA from a 6.8 to a 7.2.
So that dispels the myth.
How do you like that time, Jika?
Also dispels the myth since it's January, February, and March.
Huh?
Yeah.
Well, you know, I was up here good part of that time.
This bull cramp about, wow, you know, he's out of touch.
You know, all this other crap.
Now, the bedtime stories, that was horrendous,
but, you know, we had to work that out.
IOD, which we were concerned about,
them with the worst of going on from a 4.2 to a 5.3.
They went up from a time for 7th to 2nd.
But we beat them by about two full points.
Oh!
Russian, Dr. Lauren, all those other far-bisoned goyam.
How do you like that?
Or whatever she's called herself today.
Orthodox Jew bitch.
Yeah.
Why?
This isn't even your real number either.
What do you mean by that?
It's the 10 to 3 number.
Oh, well, we don't know.
Now, let's see how Hank did.
I haven't looked at see how Hank did yet.
W-I-Oh, look at my-
Can you-
Oh!
Can you believe that?
Did you look in the afternoon?
Yeah.
W-I-O-D, the Schmidtmeister,
had a-of course that's the war, but never less.
That's a shocking number from a 3.7 number 12.
2 number 1, 6.2, practically doubled.
That's a prize.
Hank did go up from a 6 to 3rd from a 4.2 to a 4.8.
Nice going, Humper.
Oh, he's not around anyway.
But the Schmidtmeister with a 6.2.
Of course, he inherits a-
Is that a Hank head or what?
A 4.8?
Yes.
So in other words, Hank was in the top 3.
Yeah.
We were number 1.
And Mo, even though he had that big improvement there,
there's still a lot of room for improvements, we'd heard.
I don't want to hear Monday morning.
You're beating your breast, okay?
Pound it down in the chest like those she-ights over there.
Because I'm looking at this and I'm saying,
oh, she-it, we didn't get the extra bonus.
Just a-let's see how close it was.
The, huh?
Well, you-I-I-what do you look at?
EDR.
EDR 5.
Oh, no, that's not it.
Where the hell is it?
Where the hell is it?
Monday through Sunday.
Then 20.54.
Shut up. Sorry.
Big 5.6 to number 1 in men.
Overall, 25.54.
EDR is number 2.
From 8 to 2nd.
You know what they say?
It's a Schwarzfeld.
Zeta is third, 4.4 to a 4.9.
And then QAM from a 4.5 up to a 4.7.
So we actually went up in share,
but down one position from third to fourth.
See that?
Yeah.
So you're working on it, Moll,
but you better get it up just a little bit more, okay?
In fact, I think that going to party time hairpiece,
if you worry that this next month,
we might be able to pull ourselves up into that extra bonus situation.
So everybody done good.
Oh!
Let's hear it, okay? Let's have a goddamn party.
We're number one, damage!
I thought it was 12 plus numbers,
and I thought, wow, get the funeral to your director.
Can you imagine Greg and Muffice,
like, Coddak, as they were before?
Yeah, we were all going to go to the funeral superstar together.
Wait, after the funeral superstar.
Now, who deserves to go out?
I'll tell you, I bet you'll find Mike Disney there.
If you can, in a bucket,
probably going to say,
how's Gary Puckett in the Nantucket?
Mm-mm, mm-mm.
In fact, where the hell are they?
Just in midday, midday, mid-20.
Of course, that's, yeah,
the Moll is also 25, 54, right? Sure.
When you think?
I don't know.
A little bit. That's not their main demographic,
but powers got a 3-3.
They dropped a little bit 25, 54.
But where's party?
Where's the party in our pants?
W-M-I-B, men in black.
They had the big spurt there for a while,
and then they would join the crapper.
4-4-2-2-6.
There are no wears.
Where's party radio, man?
You see it?
No.
Don't tell me they didn't make the cut.
That would be too embarrassing.
Waves, W-A-M-R?
Oh, there it is, from a 3-2 to a 2-4.
Oh, no.
You can hear it all over Hollywood,
probably right up the street from your house.
You can hear it the I-O-D building.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
The party's over. They're singing it.
They're crying in their booze.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
What a shame.
So all that picking on Power 96 and all that clever.
Wow, they got all these commercials.
Yeah, the reason they got all these commercials
is because they got a big audience.
That's why advertisers know that if they're under,
they can reach all the punks that they want to on Power 96
as opposed to party radio,
which nobody wants to their de-route and safari duo
over and over and over again.
Okay, Disney?
You simple than you?
Whether without the mustache.
I always like them better without the mustache.
It looks a little scoopy.
He looked a little hit-or-ish with the mustache.
5-6-7 only wasn't my type.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Oh, there's Hermann Gearing speaking of mustache.
The Iraqi regime.
Yeah, there he is.
Rumsfeld Gearing.
So now that we got to it, what do we do now?
WDQIM?
It's Ted Curry.
He's going to call him Singapore Puppies Error with Neil.
But he already sent me a phone.
So I just, I don't know about it.
Is this you?
No, yeah.
Is this kid?
Yeah, really.
Yeah, I was just calling to say.
Hey, kid, there's no, I pick up the phone screen.
Let's you run here. Watch your line.
Oh, look at this.
Wonderful.
Congratulations, amigo.
And you're a YouTuber, but you know, I was lifting up.
I was going to call him Singapore Puppies Error.
But I figured I'd let you sing it for me.
You did a good job.
I want to ask you one question.
Yes, sir.
Seriously, I mean, we are in the year.
And it's embarrassing, but who had the bigger ass?
Jeff High or Anna Squeak?
You know, every time you do this, I get that call from hell.
And I said, keep your in touch with old times, you know, you never, never a bad idea to have one in the, you know, in the camera.
Nice going, kid.
Take care of your life.
I hope I see you.
Not amazing.
Kid Curry at Power 96.
They done good, man.
And we done good.
I can't believe it.
Those first, of course, we've had that happen before, you know, oh, yeah.
See, what the audience doesn't understand that 12 plus number, it means everybody from the age of 12 to 150.
So old parts like me, we don't have evidently that many of them, but we don't really care about that.
And I'm going to understand that because of what seemed to be remember the polls, the older the people were, the more they were against the war.
Right.
So it was like politically inclined here.
You thought we did on better, but I guess I'm just, you know, well, there's a lot of.
I'm just such an old fag, you know.
I was speaking to that.
Well, sir, it sounds like you may make a good investigative reporter.
You know, your friend, uh, Ms. Grudge on C stand.
I don't want to ever put that voice on this show again.
Okay.
That's screamer.
That's devil with the blue dress.
That's who much writer was singing about in that song, devil with the blue dress.
It was, uh, Ms. Grudge was the devil.
That's what Lynn told me.
Alan and Alexandria Virginia says I live in the DC in Metro area in Arbitron, D.A.
I started on Thursday, the following Wednesday, listen to your show on the internet.
Actually, I'm a blah, blah, blah.
Does my three help your show waiting considering other than different market?
No, but thanks anyway, Alan.
No.
Now, in fact, it'll probably you're just wasting your, you know, wasting the effort.
We appreciate it very much, though, Alan.
Although it probably is the first that anytime anybody put his down on another market.
When you think all that far away, certainly, but, but it doesn't count because they distribute the diaries in, you know, in, uh,
they'd be rowered.
And also isn't it book is included in the TSA?
I don't know.
Yes, it is.
Delray and book.
I do believe.
And anyway, so we're not below.
Thank you very much for sticking with us and keep sticking it.
That's all I can tell you.
Actually, something keep curry calling us to have us pat him on the back.
Nice going, kid.
He's a good guy.
You know, except for those blousy tickets, the backspeed boys.
Now, they were great tickets.
In fact, what's your name?
Wasn't it Wayne Arnold's ex-wife that went with their daughter?
That's really bad about the Hudson's wife.
We're very sorry about that.
Yes.
She was a very nice lady and a show.
And maybe you can have like Wayne Arnold's one day in a couple of weeks.
We're not right away.
We're not good idea.
We'll give it a, huh?
We'll give it a rest.
Give it a little bit of a rest.
Next week sometime maybe.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQ.
I just have, and oh my god, the shocker at a moment.
Oh, oh.
Yeah.
And he's giving me all this crap about, you know, I'm peeing on his parade.
We built you up to what you are today, Moe.
And believe me, a few people would take credit for that.
Who would go out and public on a golf course with him,
checkered pants in and burrowed his veins in that nasty looking muskrat.
But I think that's what did it.
I think we finally turned to public on him, oh, and for what he really is.
1213 at 560 WQ.
I am if you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories,
you've got to go to a great place called Barbecue's Galore.
Here to yourself ahead start on the barbecuing season with the perfect real accessories,
all at the Guaranteed Lois prices in the universe.
Barbecue's Galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill
to the more portable Weber charcoal grill.
I got one of those.
It is sensational.
And you know how I like my meat.
Their popular three burner cook on has got a generous 625 square inch cooking area
and 42,000 BTUs offer one great low price.
Get it on a hardwood steel or enclosed grill card for just $399 or upgrade to the sleek black pedestal base for just $439.
For all your barbecuing needs, if the Guaranteed Lois prices don't forget,
shop Barbecue's Galore implantation on university driving a fountain shopping center called 954-423-1400
and it will spring 7485 West sample road at the corner sample in Rock Island called 954-757668.
For the biggest and the best-elected barbecues non-beatable prices anywhere in the USA, it's Barbecue's Galore.
Five and a local, these 6560s.
The radio's on your side.
I believe a word Neil said if the tongue was notarized.
Okay, okay.
Okay.
Hi, I'm Erin Seller.
You know what?
You got me talking on the passion phone.
Tell me the story about how you got flown.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on the show, there's a new topic each night.
Who do you have sex with with a black or with a white?
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Holy cow.
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
So I'll tell you what you didn't send me is the men 2554 or 7
a midnight.
And I was just looking here to see how our friend filled it.
Our former friend Phil who's so good.
Yeah, I was told that right there to bring you got all the numbers we got.
So we don't have men 2554 at night.
No.
Why is that shut up?
That's what I was told to say.
What does that mean?
That means we got what we got and how about those phones?
What are you talking about?
This is all we're getting.
And we're not supposed to talk about it anymore.
We're not supposed to talk about what anymore that we're not getting anymore numbers.
Well, don't talk about that.
All right.
Are we getting any more numbers?
Shut up.
What are you talking about?
We're not getting anymore.
Carl, you're just making this up.
No, not making it up.
Making it up.
Okay, whatever you say.
We're happy with what we got.
You asshole.
Yeah, you tell them all.
I told them all, myster was going to have a big, big one.
We didn't always going to be so red and so mobile, but on a related note.
Yes, Greg says congratulations.
Oh, thank you so much, Greg.
I'm sure it's heartfelt.
Was it heartfelt that he said like he meant it?
It felt hard.
I'll bet.
I didn't mean with that.
See, I thought the next call was going to be congratulations on the numbers.
Yeah, it goes to show you that in spite of your crappy polyphids or whatever, they still can't beat your ass.
And that way you thought they were going to be.
Yeah, a little sucks.
And there I thought we deserve a little suction.
Greg came back and opened up the mic.
So because he doesn't believe us.
It was very heartfelt.
Was it?
I felt it all the way up here that I thought maybe it was SARS.
So I immediately reached for my mask.
Don't do that to me again.
By the way, please that episode from two hours ago.
My god, I thought that it was like a.
No, no, I thought there was like a major emergency in the building that somebody died that they were thinking about on the stretcher.
Just just scroll out a little note handed to little George there.
He can fact it to me.
I can peruse it and examine it.
You know, in fact, you know, it's like the world comes to an end.
Then then at that point we can do that again.
We can find on the phone.
Okay.
Is he still there?
Not anymore.
Oh, it's safe.
We can talk about him now.
We can talk about what?
Him.
Oh, okay.
Well, you know, he didn't congratulate you.
He really did.
Now let's see, were you a part of this book?
January, February and March.
Some of it.
You are always on vacation weekend.
March.
Maybe that's why we had such a big march.
Oh, we didn't.
No, we won't know until.
We won't know until next week when we get the hour by hour and we get the break down.
We get all that good stuff from our close personal friend, Maddie Bill.
If somebody don't step on him first.
He didn't congratulate me.
And because your small potato man, he didn't, he knocked him gradually you for the great job on the website.
I bet you this man has never gone online on our website one time.
How much you want to bet?
That's a good thing.
Good thing you didn't see the naked picture of the Vixie chicks.
Oh, they were naked.
It's still on there.
Carlos left it on there for you really desperate.
When he guys want to see the Vixie chicks almost naked.
They covered it in magazine.
5.670560, pound 560.
Don't forget our hot couples contest.
We already got six their contestants on there and it doesn't even officially start till May 1st.
So everything is looking up great.
Everybody should be happy.
I want to say this right now, even though I don't believe it will happen.
I think come Monday now that the pressure is off and everybody feels like, you know, of course, who knows if it'll last.
But I think that the mold myster might be a little bit better frame of mind.
Geltie won't feel like he's going to get candy.
Is he going to say?
You ask hole.
I think life will be a little bit sweeter.
I could be wrong about that because it is QAM.
You ask hole.
And we have some people who are very bombastic.
You ask hole.
And very emotional and very tough to get along with.
You ask hole.
But after this, I mean, I think we probably pulled them up about a point.
You know what?
You know, if only you could be down here for the big bonding episode that I'm sure will take place on Monday morning.
Oh, yeah.
He'll probably come in and give you a big hug and a squeeze.
Even Vienerboy probably gets like a little tongue from the romance.
We could have a big group group.
But what I'm saying is that I think we probably since we had a 7.2 from 10 to 3.
I'm thinking there in his 9 o'clock hour, which of course is part of morning drive, Mo.
You ask hole.
I'm thinking that we probably like who's to buy at least a half a point.
Okay.
So when we do real well, he does well.
So probably be a good idea from the stop telling his people not to listen to our show.
Since our show is like 1 4 25% of what he gets.
You see that?
Yeah.
That goes to show you how spiteful and stupid.
He was like shoot himself in a foot.
I still when he was talking that crap, but I think he's come a long long way.
Now that he has got me and Harvey Firestein lumped in together, I think we're getting along a lot better.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Did I not tell you early in the show that this was going to be a wild and hysterical day to strap yourself in?
I just feel it.
You could smell it.
And then Lynn Sammels emails me and says this during that 10 minutes, he said it was so funny.
She was just screaming.
She was in hysterics.
He almost like lost it.
And I thought this is the worst radio I've ever done in my life because I'm trying to do 50 things at once here.
And I scold the soda and that was it.
That was it.
I bet your line 9 is going to be a good one.
Q I am.
Hello.
It is a good one.
A lot of congratulations on your numbers.
Thank you.
Is this the chronicle calls every day on line 9?
Yes.
It is, but I'm not being a chronic today.
Okay.
5 6.
See, how do we know that?
Isn't that amazing?
Talk about psychic powers.
I just punched up the line.
I know already before I even say hello who it is.
I'm pretty damn good.
If you ask me, WQ I am.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations on your rating.
Thank you.
Excellent book.
I'd like to give an observation on your show.
You said you did a take on the show.
Sounds like Reverend Jones trying to do a raspy voice.
Reverend Jones.
Don't know who he is.
Mm-hmm.
You can get all the chronics together, Neil.
And as them and then like to point system.
Yeah.
And then give a good.
Okay, she had pomp at a park, Reverend Jones.
5 6.
He's trying now to do like a raspy voice to disguise the voice.
So that's 2 out of 2.
I'm batting 1000.
Even Ty Cobb never batting 1000.
That's what most said.
He said he used to enjoy watching him play the never batting 1000.
Oh, look who's on there.
My favorite threat that Iraq presented was that they had weapons of master structure.
Oh, and his ball spot is shining so bad they had like turned the camera off for a second.
It was burning in.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and back to our survey against not the poll like we usually do,
but all we can log in to be on here for you to prove and just register who you are and what you are and what you're thinking you want to be.
Neal's annual demographic survey.
Which are you male 35 to 54 328 male 18 to 34 198 male 55 plus old parts like me got a bunch of 79 female 35 to 54 49 female 55 plus 12 female 18 to 34 George 12.
12 to 17 8 and female 12 to 17 3.
See we got 11 that teenagers skipping school to listen to this show.
Which I love.
That's a good good choice kids turn all the kids in the world out of this show.
They might learn more life is really all about.
Okay. And then we can fit them for some hip boots.
They can start marching the right way.
Learn at 45 degree angle salute.
That's right.
You're ready to goose their right at the next century.
From 26 at 560 WQM.
You homeowners out there if you got your own pool in the back and you're looking forward to these hot hot unbelievable days about a Zidian up and coming up very soon.
At least 30 man.
Oh, that's just the next month alone.
There's nothing worse than going out to take a nice dip in the pool and looking in there and saying holy cow it is staying.
It's dirty.
It might even be cracking in the pool too.
Don't look at that mess.
No mode.
Just do the smart thing and call the good buddies of ours Atlantic Marseille.
Not just pool guys.
There's so many of those guys.
Everybody in their brother in South Florida is like a pool guy.
They got a little rusted out pickup truck and they got their big things sticking out of the back.
The big hose and that big net.
Don't get the hose job.
Talk to these people because they're a real construction company who use full time employees not just subcontractors who can wash up on shore.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business diamond bright.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years.
They're licensed.
They're insured professionals.
They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond bright and right.
And they'll give you here's one of the best deals.
They'll give you the same price to give the contractors.
You can't beat it.
They're in North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach.
So call Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest installers of diamond bright in South Florida.
If you want your pool looking really snappy.
These are the people you want to talk to.
They'll come right to you.
Give you a free estimate.
And they also do a super job of pool and deck renovations.
Custom lighting, pool heating and exotic and erotic water features too.
For the best in the world call Atlantic Marseille toll free and 1-800-558-883.
And it's 1-800-558-883.
Diamond bright, do it right because Diamond bright is a pool's best friend.
We're sports radio five season.
UAM.
This is Ward.
Not as pedophile.
Coming up tonight.
On the inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
The startling true story of a man who wouldn't listen to his manager and ended up biting it very hard.
He was Terence Trent Darby.
You want to the college first album introducing the hard line?
I said okay trendy New York lock boy.
I don't know what the f*** it means but go ahead.
Terence Trent Darby's manager, Jeff Stools.
Looking back, I should have known.
The guy has three names, you know, like Harry hand strong purple grip or something.
You know that pretentious upper west side we think we're British horse.
With a success of his first single wishing well.
Stools urged Darby not to alienate his fans with any more quote.
Fruity asked art crap unquote.
But Darby didn't listen.
His second album went completely unnoticed.
It's title neither Fish nor Flesh.
A soundtrack of love, faith, hope and resurrection.
Can you f***ing believe it?
I said Terence I'm dying here.
I got three kids who need toilet paper to wipe their runny asses
and you give me fish and flesh and hope and resurrection.
I oughta f***ing kill you.
As Chet Stools home and business went into foreclosure,
he begged Darby to listen to reason.
Unmoved.
Darby released a third record.
Symphony or damn.
Exploring the tension inside the sweetness.
If I ever see this f***ing again, I am going to ram his contract so far up his ass.
He was going to say ass.
But tonight, for the first time, Terence Trent Darby himself responds to accusations that he's a complete f***ing.
Hey, that's a great title for an album.
The artist responds to accusations that he's a complete f***ing.
Christ I need a new job.
It's a big juicy, sapping wick at show business tonight, on inside of behind.
1233 on one of the most bizarre days in history my life.
I'll tell you that 27th album we got the man dog at one.
Joseph Gackie at three.
And then we got the Marlins and the Cardinals.
Any interest in that?
No.
Any cave following the baseball game and ESPN re-eward.
I don't forget the big draft extract against it tomorrow.
They highly waited.
Well, whatever he is.
Like I said, no, how he David did in the mad dog will be there tomorrow.
Don't we have a bad connection on this set?
This article from Newsday, more signs of a crackdown on descent.
This is a little bit disturbing for anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail.
Cheryl McCarthy of Newsday writes.
A reader of Newsday I rate over my criticism of the Bush administration emailed me a warning the other day.
Pretty soon he said people won't be allowed to write the kinds of things you were writing.
The way things are going, he could be right.
This attitude you'd better not criticize the government.
And if you do, you run patriotic and deserve to be shipped off to a country where they chop people's hands off.
Is gaining currency here.
It's emboldened by the message that's emanating from Washington to Americans.
And to other countries and says we're in charge now and you better watch what you do and say.
This used to be the kind of behavior we deployed in undemocratic governments, but it's growing here.
And the 9-11 and the war with Iraq are being used to justify it.
One proof of this is the way peaceful anti-war protesters have been treated by the New York City Police Department.
People like Kerry Larson and Daniel Ueda.
In February, Ueda, 26-year-old mechanical engineer from New Jersey, was arrested during anti-war march on 5th Avenue when he and others sat down in the street.
He was arrested again in March after a similar sit down demonstration following a peaceful march to Washington Square Park.
This month, Larson 28-a domestic violence counselor took part in the demonstration outside the offices of the Carlisle Group, a private investment house with holdings in the defense industry.
After some protesters sat down on the sidewalk, Larson who says she was merely walking and holding up a sign, was arrested as well.
At police headquarters, both Ueda and Larson were asked questions that seemed strange considering the minor offences with which they were charged.
Questions like how many protests did they participate in? What group were they affiliated with? How they heard about the demonstrations?
How when you wait is Casey got into the city from New Jersey? How they felt about the war with Iraq or whether they thought the United States should have ended the World War II? Yes, really.
When they brought in answering the political questions, they were warned they could be held longer if they didn't cooperate.
On one occasion, Ueda's charges were later dismissed the other time he was charged with disorderly conduct and given a court date, Larson was given a court date but isn't sure what she's charged with.
A group of lawyers has protested to a federal judge that it's unlawful and unconstitutional for police to ask the kinds of questions of people involved in peaceful demonstrations.
A spokesman for the city's Corporation Council Office told a report that it is lawful since the demonstrators were arrested for crimes.
That's absolutely ridiculous. Martin Stolar, one of the protesters lawyers told me, he said this was the same kind of behavior the police department engaged in during the 1670s when it created dossiers on thousands of civil rights activists and Vietnam more protesters.
Federal District Judge Charles Hate ruled in 1980 that this kind of police surveillance was illegal but he relaxed the rule somewhat after 9-11.
Now the police department and stretching the rules to make participating in a peaceful city in a crime that justifies prying into a person's political beliefs.
Stolar factored me a copy of the demonstration debriefing form that's being used by New York police to question anti-war protesters.
The form bears the seal of the police department's intelligence division down one side and on the other was a seal I was unable to decipher but which Stolar said reads New York New Jersey high intensity trafficking area executive office of the President of the United States.
You tell me what war protesters have to do with drug trafficking and why the President needs to know their political views.
It's one thing to protect people from danger you wait until me is another to protect people from dissent.
This kind of interrogation of peaceful protesters is intimidation pure and simple it's like a lot of other scary things that have been going on lately and as my I rate read award me your most humble calmness could be next right Cheryl McCarthy in News day.
How do you like them apples huh?
You're doing something wrong we're not going to tell you what it is and maybe you're even contemplating some more crimes like in Delaware remember that sure pre-finity.
We think you're thinking about doing something bad so we're going to throw you in we're going to drag your ass in and the rest of you to.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQ I am.
Wait for the fact WQ I am.
Hola hi. Hello. Yes sir. Hey how did Fox 4 to do.
I get him off and get him out here. How could you put him on. Sorry.
Yeah, the beaner boys responsible for that. You're supposed to be doing that psychic screening towards supposed to have taught you didn't teach you that yet.
You better get with it.
Now I tried to demonstrate on the first two there. Did I do like two in a row right. Right.
And he's just not picking up the cues real quick. Wow he's all excited you know.
He thinks like he's a part of all of this and of course when you say all of what I really don't know at this point to be honest with it.
All of what. Remember Peggy Lee is this all there is. No.
Oh, if these people only knew if they only knew if they only knew what a bizarre day this has been and all the angst and history on that end.
I may have spoken over the soda here. Wow. 21 to 1 at 560 WQ.
Thank God the mad dogs coming up at one o'clock. All right.
The lights of West Bokeh is a great store for you fat folks out there. Don't die from being fat.
Lose that weight. You'll feel better and look better too.
And the lights is a great store because they have over 700 low carb sugar free products all in this one store that's devoted to you and your needs.
Whether it's the number one atkins died or any low carb sugar free died.
The lights of West Bokeh is your low carb super store. Come in and sample some of the newest bakery products like chocolate cupcakes and rallies by carb control with only one effect of grammar carbs per serving.
And don't forget all the other great things they have there like their selection of low carb pastas and sauces, dressings, cheesecakes, chocolates and the famous software of carbolite ice cream at the lights.
Don't forget at the lights of West Bokeh all atkins brand products are 25% off today next you voice on Easter Sunday all day every day.
Stop by talk to their knowledgeable staff and don't forget to open every day from 10 to 10.
You'll find your lights on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston Market column tool free at 1 877 low carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
It's one in the city and it's one of a kind and there is only one D lights of West Bokeh your official atkins retail center.
I am low. Is this sports video spicy? You way out.
Why the you were still a tower bitch on the radio who found a niche with no life as holes.
Truddin women when they could science and bad ass guards in cell you be pants.
The classification has pinched up her face. What is the talent knows a better way.
Still hating that those in orthodox juice but she knows what is best for you.
Dr Laura.
In custodial
She's dispensing sound advice to morons with the brains of my
Dr Laura by the way.
As your mother feelings today.
Laura I would strongly advise to put your tongue in my brown eyes.
Dr Laura.
He gets the as just to cover the smell of provolose.
Dr Laura in the right ear as Centra.
Dr Laura.
The thing.
We are equal with my brother.
We don't have any money for food the poor man replied.
Oh, I didn't come with me back to my ranch instructor, the president.
But sir, I have a wife and two children with me.
Bring them along too, reply the president.
Turn to the other man and said, you come with us too.
But sir, I have a wife and six children, the second man said.
Bring them as well, answered Bush as he headed for his limo.
They all climbed in, which was no easy task,
even for a car as large as the presidential limousine.
Once underway, one of the poor fellow said,
sir, you're too kind.
Thank you for taking all of us with you.
Bush replied, glad to do it.
You love my place.
The grass is almost a foot tall.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Can't get much more compassionate than that.
Count 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Oh, if Dick Feinberg's still listening,
here's some great harness raising.
Oh, you quit laughing, OK?
This day is no laughing matter.
You know something?
This has got to be a dream.
This whole day.
And the audience don't even know half of what's going on.
They'd like to know, but believe me,
we don't know.
It's just two bizarre, even for QA and it's two bizarre.
It was after 11 o'clock Wednesday evening,
and while many in Northern Ohio struggle to stay away
from their TV sets to catch the weather forecast,
Walter Case Jr. reached another milestone in his struggle
to be the winningest driver in harness racing.
Oh, there you go.
This is what our audience wants to hear.
Walter Case 42 became the second rain's been in the history
of the sport to pilot 11,000 winners
when he put Mr. Senator on the lead in the 13th race
in Northfield Park, and they stayed there winning by two lengths.
Case celebrated his 11,000th winner for less than five minutes
before heading back to the paddock and prepare for the last race
on the 14 race card, in which his horse, Mighty Joe Young,
would finish third.
He didn't pause long enough to focus on his lifetime goal
of catching Irvay Phillion.
Harness racing is all time winning his driver with 14,890.
And let me tell you something about Walter Case Jr.
and Irvay Phillion.
I wouldn't bet on either one of them with your money.
How do you like that?
But nevertheless, there you go.
Here's latest hot harness racing news for you.
5,670, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how about the spokesman?
He's really doing a nanohim, huh?
He's doing it.
The ducks.
The ducks?
Hey, maybe we got rid of him too quick.
And I don't think so.
He's stuck to join out here, man.
Listen, remember when the Panthers had the one big run?
Sir, right.
Click.
Oh, he's gone.
Yeah.
Another great hockey conversation there.
They just see they do that because they know that if I say anything, they can't respond
to it because they haven't got anything what they're talking about.
That year the Panthers didn't have any great year.
They got hot just at the right time into the playoffs.
And that's what playoffs are all about.
Who gets hot at the right time?
OK, are you hot?
And in his case, the answer was no.
God.
WQAM.
Hello?
Hello?
Yeah, can I speak to Neil?
No chance.
WQAM.
QAM?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I just wanted to tell you that.
I'm dying over here.
WQAM.
Wow.
QAM.
Hello?
Or leave it.
Leave it.
I'm going to put this crowd at PNR parade.
You know what?
I'm such an incredible day.
WQAM.
Hey, what's up, Tim?
How are you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Questions for you?
I want to split the history of it.
I wonder how your show was from what it was when you said like a serious talk show kind
of thing going on.
How did it now?
How did the how did the valve?
Yeah, like how did you go from like having a serious serious talk show with, you know,
what did you do?
I was just talking about the how it started getting boring to me and the average age of my
list there was about 110 and there were fewer even dead and didn't know it.
And at that point when I started getting bored by this and the hell with it, no more of that crap.
So when you started this show, did you want to do a format that you're going to have or
you got that way?
What do you mean format?
What is the format?
Like, you know, what things you do, you know, like the wise guy you are on the call line.
It's just it's just evolved, man.
It just happened.
I just got rid of the guests and the boring old people and it just happened.
Okay.
Give me a phone.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
You have no idea this last 20 minutes or so.
This is the longest 20 minutes of my life.
And of course, I mean, just this is not this is unacceptable.
The way this entire thing's been handled on that end today, they haven't got any deal with the
screen reader banana.
And isn't it appropriate, of course, that all of these psychosis was engineered from within?
You know what I mean?
And allegedly, come on here.
Yeah.
In other words, you take a dump in your chair and in your number one of winds up sitting in it.
You fart in your pew and you smell it.
Of course, a lot of others do too.
That's a problem just like you weigh them.
All the rest of us get sucked up in the same swill.
And believe me, today, we're really getting sucked.
12 50 10 to one at 5 60 WQM.
I'll tell you where they give you a great deal and no games, no BS.
Tom Laman and Joe Prater, all the nice people at Hallett Pontiac GMC.
They treat you right.
No games, no crap.
They give you unbeatable Neal deals to all the time like these three right now.
Neal deal number one.
Get yourself 0% financing for 60 months.
What is it?
60 months on every Pontiac or GMC in stock or 60 minutes, if you like.
Neal deal number two.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock.
That is directed up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock.
And Neal deal number three.
If you're currently a GM smart lease or smart buy customer and drive a Chevy Blazer,
all the provide or GMC Jimmy, buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get yourself an extra $1,000 off the price.
And while you're at Hallett, be sure and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix too.
Like I always tell you, it's no Corvette, but it's pretty dense with the car.
Hallett Pontiac GMC, you'll find them in the same location they've been for 35 plus years.
134 or one South Texas, see highway.
That's right on U.S. one across from the falls and the good news is they're open whenever you're in the mood to car shop.
Every day seven days a week.
If you want more information on the Neal deals, just call that Neal deal hotline tool free.
1-885-344-211.
That's 1-888-534-4121.
Remember all Neal deals, subject to credit and privacy, neither for details at Hallett Pontiac GMC,
who'll be professional grades.
Ride and local.
We're sports radio 560s, you a.
U-A-M.
Man, this is a f**king hell.
Felix EQ has a road test, and you're a full of heat Capri conditioner, so some time long time may continue today.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor,
door and humid horror.
And then I can saw the term cedar box means saw her naked.
Stars reportedly to go in blind.
Now Clinton, he was working hard late nights in the over-rear office,
working on a practical joke.
He took him back a new dough, put an explode in,
load in, poor Monica was blowing rings a smoke.
Bill's the cause and Monica's a China.
She lets out a gigo every time he makes it we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind,
but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Or people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was moaning.
Morning, our door was doing her with Bill's old bomb.
Bill's the cause and Monica's a China.
She lets out a gigo every friggin time he makes it we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind,
but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Yeah, just master is faster.
So, let me ask you what happened to you?
What?
What's that?
I have a feeling this is the lie lunatic.
I think it over and over and to our heads.
That irack has some weapons of master's destruction.
3,000 people killed are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Ain't there's oil to be caught in going after sedum too.
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of a name in London,
but no one seems concerned all of them.
I'm being complacent, believing every word of this cartel administration
that controlled us by fear through media manipulation and the right.
Queen is drilling it over and over and to our heads.
That irack has some weapons of master's destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ass drop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, pockets, all are safe.
I know being a cattle don't have any reservations.
That is provoked, battle and world annihilation.
Ogritions must fall in having a virgin and stoke
which no objection at all till the crap don't have a fault and a right.
Queen is drilling it over and over and to our parade was banned.
I rack has some weapons of master's destruction.
The boom would be unlucky.
Only I rack has some weapons of master's destruction.
Bye bye bye!
I'm the director's show on time, 16th on the QAN.
I am for learning.
Kill some people.
