I want to work in knock-dondors and get a job at a small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida.
I was an idea. I did the board. I did Jock. I did sports. I did news. I did everything.
Cleaned up. Cleaned up. I did everything.
When I find myself in financial trouble, Apple revenue comes to me, begging to remaster let it be.
Because if we strip it naked, then the Beatles have a new CD. You must find one small, and it's not free.
Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.
But if there are any Christmas, it will be.
And when you free-bought these old songs, there's still plenty of we can't believe.
But if you try to steal our music, by downloading empty free, you hear from our lawyers, waiting to see.
We didn't see, we didn't see, we didn't see, we were silly about knock-doodle-seek.
Cleaned up. Cleaned up. Cleaned up. Cleaned up. Cleaned up. That's why we recycle let it be.
Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.
Yes, our free-bought is now free.
You know, one of the best things you could have ever happened is that last night's Ottawa Florida Panther game would have been cancelled due to lack of interest and lack of effort.
That was, I have watched a lot of things in my life. I didn't watch the whole thing, God forbid.
But that was one of the most ugly, the most pathetic, the saddest thing that the box-scorses there were 11,000 and some odd people there.
If there were 5,000 people in that macaroon last night, then my name is Mohawar David, it okay?
It was nobody there. And there's nobody in town. I don't get it.
Must be a lot of people with a long busman's holiday. I can't stand people, I get too much vacation time, you know that.
Yeah, I hate that.
But what's going on there? Everybody is, no matter you look at a sporting event, there's nobody there.
You look at our website and the hits are like down by about 40-50%. And everybody, you tell me there's no traffic on the roads.
But I think the rapture happened. Everybody that's locked here, you're a stranger.
The rapture? You're not saved.
The raptors? That's right. We're all the leftovers.
Well, by the way, thanks to Martin and Werbenheli, his Fort Myers for your very, very emotional and very nice facts this morning.
And no, we're not going to go MP3 on our archives. And number two, Gritt and Barrett.
So all I can tell you, the beastlies we used to be on over there in Fort Myers, they can actually hear it in the 10 mile radius that that station covers.
Do you ever hear that station?
How would I have done that?
I mean, it just cuts right off. Well, you know, I'm sure you make a lot of trips over the west coast of Fort Myers and April. Sorry, Soda.
A lot of family.
See what the old folks look like? See my kids.
But at any rate, it was a horrible station, but nevertheless, they can actually hear it for a few mile radius.
And then they said, oh, no, we don't want to put that perversion in filth on the Eurobe here.
And we certainly don't want any of that sport stuff. So let's put a bunch of other crap on that we can sell that we can rob a few graves, put some garbage on yours.
That's the beastly up and way, baby.
Now, this, this yesterday, CNN just crossed my ass.
We went to a poll. First of all, George wants to apologize to apologize.
I had a couple of weeks ago that told me that the Coca-Cola. He I didn't believe him.
Right. You didn't believe me.
He said that on every bottle in can, it's just a regular Coke. It says Coca-Cola classic.
Yeah. And a classic is in like very small letters and like in like kind of like off color. So you apologize.
So you apologize. I wouldn't believe in that. Yeah. I apologize.
And then the other thing yesterday, I'm watching CNN during our one or two comedy bits hour. We see audience don't like anymore, but that's too bad. We love it.
And it's not going anywhere.
And then all of a sudden during the break, I came on reading the crawl there breaking news. Here's the press conference by the Hamilton, Ohio prosecutor.
I mean the corner. And he's saying, well, whatever. I read it right off the screen there. And they do this all the time on CNN.
They did this during a 2000 election during the Chad County debacle. They did this during after 9-11. And they do it all the time.
Breaking news. They put a whole bunch of stuff on the screen, which doesn't in any way reflect whatever's being said.
Well, if you can't listen to the audio and hear the whole thing, you have no idea what's really going on. And they did the game yesterday.
So again, Georgia apologizes because I mean, we didn't have it completely wrong. That is good.
It did rule. It was a homicide. He said that the Nathaniel Jones died as a result of the struggle with the police and that his death will be ruled a homo side.
Well, we shouldn't get any of that from the stuff they were flashing on the screen. They're uncertainly not news network. And these people really pissed me off.
And by the way, Kishia missed the video. It's on there again right now.
That does not mean murder. It certainly does not have a wrongdoing. It simply means that someone else was involved in that death.
You know how many times they've shown it in last half hour?
About 30, man.
My God. It's the new people that use me. You're crazy people. And of course, then they talk about, well, you know, racial attention since it's not here in flame.
Thank God that they're not contributing to it on the talking head that works by showing it over and over again.
You know, you only show it to people about a hundred times and they start getting a little parked off in the PO because they don't look really good at any rate.
But here's a classic example of how the media is insane. Insane.
I have two articles from two newspapers, not granted, radically different newspapers, from the same city. New York Times, New York Post.
The hysterical New York Post. I have them in my hand right now. I'm the same topic.
New York Post reports in their online edition today. Cops chasing hot tips on Jack O.
Detectives in Santa Barbara, California, running down a handful of hopeful leads about Michael Jackson.
And the boy he's accused of molesting cops said yesterday. The pop stars expected to be formally charged with molestation by Santa Barbara County District the week of December 15 since Jackson's arrest of November 20th.
The County Sheriff's Department has received a flood of calls from the public and a handful have been picked up for further investigation.
Several calls from the public have yielded information that merits follow up since Sergeant Chris Papis adding that five detectives are working on these phone-to-tips.
The sheriff's spokesman refused to detail the nature of the tips but sources said all the leads are about Jackson's lives victim in a case.
Investigators rated the audio way we know that. Okay, now did you follow that? Nope. Hot leads. Yes you did. Okay. Hot leads. They're chasing some hot tips.
Michael likes those hot young tips. Now we go to New York Times. Same deal. Absence of formal charges against Michael Jackson may point to a weakening of the case is the headline.
Two weeks after the arrest of Michael Jackson on felony child molesting charges, the case against him may have hit some snags. Right. John Embroider.
The Santa Barbara County District Attorney Thomas W. Stedden Jr. has twice delayed filing formal charges against Mr. Jackson who was showfully arrested, booked and set free on three million dollars bail on November 20.
Mr. Stedden now says the charges. I mean you've made public the week of December 15 veteran prosecutor say that such a delay is unusual. Though not unprecedented and doesn't necessarily indicate problems with the case. But the tip line said to feel the anonymous calls from anyone with information about the current case or similar complaints of misconduct by Mr. Jackson has been issued.
He's yielded little a spokesman for the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department said of 70 cost the line over the last two weeks only a handful of produced information relevant to the case against Mr. Jackson said the spokesman sergeant Chris Papis and know what has come forward until a separate act of molestation by Mr. Jackson sergeant Papis be saying.
At this point in time he said none have clearly identified new cases for independent investigation. The delay in releasing details of the charges against Mr. Jackson and the lack of new complaints have prompted some of the Jackson camp to say Mr. Stedden is playing a weekend based on the single child's shaky testimony.
Mr. Jackson's attorney suggested this week that Mr. Stedden might be forced to drop the prosecution before trial and it goes on and on and on.
Okay. Okay. So there's the two headlines. The New York Post cops chasing hot tips on Jack O and the New York Times absence of formal charges against Michael Jackson may point away weakening of the case. Okay.
So take those and stick them in your pipe stick them up your ass in the smoke. All right. That is just unbelievable. But that's typical.
The way to media in this country is just I'll screw it up. You haven't you can't possibly believe the media because no matter what they tell you you have to like read 15 other stories to try to verify it if you can find one.
Now we asked yesterday on our poll on the second poll today we got two great polls for it today as usual. Grab them.
We asked yesterday what's your take on the black man Nathaniel Jones who died in Cincinnati after confrontation with police in the parking lot of white castle and I should have put another
choice that we do like white castle when they come in back to South Florida never had never had white castle really really well in that genre you know the little little tiny burgers with the old castle sure a
lot of right while white castle was just legendary so I told I'm wondering did they ever have white castle in Florida you think so I don't know and I don't know somebody I'm sure will call
them tell us if they ever have white castle in a row castles but was around a long long time and Wayne Arles is the last one right there on 135th
in northwest 7th Avenue in Dave County and we love them for it and we do love Wayne Arnold and Hudson and all the very nice people over there we love their stuff
like their white hearts from Rochester what's not to like we don't like the neighborhood too much at night time but never less go there in the
daytime or send somebody else over there to pick up the stuff they have a yeah they drive through window that's what they do.
Yes they what do you mean they do are you have it been there yeah I've been there I didn't know they had a drive through they have a drive through window a
pickup window I don't know whether you call like a regular drive to them like a pickup window make like a quick get away because I
had a fire is right like right right you can throw a rock from there to I would like to which is good good and I
so Wayne in that neighborhood I think they call it a drive by window.
996 votes what's your take on the Fang you'll Jones and the whole dealer in Cincinnati they were defending themselves the cops 261 they
should have had taser guns 251 which was very clearly the correct answer I mean his guy okay he's a scumbag and all of that
or at least he was but he didn't do anything to deserve to die okay he came charge another car and he was like all
screwed up and he had the PCP angel does and the coconut system I mean he's a scumbag but did he do anything that he
deserved to die for I wouldn't think so but anyway the beating they should good beating would have taught him they should
have taser guns 251 he deserved to 2 10 that's bad they overreacted 196 and it's a Rachel Fang 78 7.8% said it's a racial
thing which of course every time a black man does anything bad and has to pay some kind of a price for it it's a
racial thing like OJ like Kobe Bryant like Michael Jackson like anything anytime a black person in America does
anything it's a racial thing if a white person does something nobody ever comes forward and says it's a racial
thing that has I don't think it's ever happened you think no if some kind of a notorious
fact like John Wayne Gacy or Jeffrey Dahmer does like a bunch of mass murders nobody comes forward and says oh it's
a homophobic thing it's a bigoted thing against case ever do they ever say that no when some are
converted you a guy like David Berkowitz said as it's an anti-Semitic thing right right anybody
ever say that nope no 10 13 at 560 WQ and we got the geez I should have teased that a little bit we got the press
release from clear channel about the new morning lineup new morning show that's coming momentarily
hey imagine Todd rec lying in your bathtub in a pool of his own blood imagine zero closing costs
on the next mortgage zero applications fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points this is
going to be the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial
group now with an amazingly low rate of just 1.95 percent that means if you have a $200,000
loan your payments are a mere 738 bucks a month what's not to like and once you refinance or get you a new
home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again so column toll free
189 for all-end grab yourself real financing power that low rate mortgage you can move to the next
property without further cost of expense it's the only one mortgage from financial group for details
column toll free 189 for all-end it's a whole new way to buy you pay zero underwriting fee zero
dock fees zero prepayment penalty zero closing costs even when you move to another property unbelievable
so get yourself financing at that amazing low 1.95 percent and never pay closing costs again call
our friends at financial group toll free one and out check this out 1809 for all-end the
Renekville housing lender restrictions apply rate something to change monthly 5.19 APR
line and local here sports radio five cities you a m
free
I should be using artificial water
listen as they tell the story of Christmas to a group of adorable children
that first Christmas night the shepherds marveled at the sight of baby Jesus
huh they knew if Jesus saw his show there'd be six more weeks of winner
and join the newlyweds in singing their favorite Christmas carols
and you see that she's dumb dumb dumb dumb
but he's married me I'm dumb dumb dumb dumb
come celebrate the holidays with a little dumber girl in her same name
a newlyweds Christmas
and 18 coming up in just a momentarily we got the red unveil the exciting new lineup at
Fox Sports 940 it's got a real barnburner don't you think?
oh yeah I'm sitting by a burner whole thing in a barn
anyway here's our first poll today on a personal level how do you feel about
George W. Bush now the reason we asked that on a personal level is because that
poll that we read yesterday which indicated that his personal numbers went up
five points since the turkey episode in Iraq
so we have to separate from his policies from on a personal level under when you see
him when you see the way he behaves when you read about his background when you see that stupid look I mean
how do you feel personally about George W. Bush, you know, president and we've got a whole bunch of good choices for his six to be exact
safe he's an honest dedicated public servant he's a compulsive devious liar
he means well but he's over his head I really like him he's a regular guy I hate him like poison or he's a
bumbling idiot I realize his little there's the little cross over some of those over
I think that covers it from the head of the top of his head to the tip of his toes
on a personal level how do you feel about your and the tips of his earlobes feel about George W. Bush
he's an honest dedicated public servant he's a compulsive devious liar although I didn't vote for that he
means well but he's over his head I really like him he's a regular guy I hate him like poison I voted for that
or he's a bumbling idiot I mean I didn't have to tell anybody how I voted but I guess it kind of spoke for itself
now you wouldn't go so far to say you hate him like poison would you?
I hate him like poison so there's our first poll of the day let's see I hate him like poison's winning with seven votes
so far but one of those is yours and one is mine before we get to that Fox News
let's tease that a little bit okay man or he's it we got it we're not going to tell you the
outrage the nation Matt Biven's rights is very short Neocon games he says now comes another
glimpse courtesy to Wall Street Journal of the way the world really works perhaps you've heard of the
woes of Lord Conrad Black the conservative media barren until recently he was CEO of Hollanger International
Inc. a Chicago based media company owns the Chicago Sun Times the Jerusalem Post and Britain's Daily Telegram
Black who once famously dismissed good corporate governance as a fad stepped down last month
amid questions about how millions of dollars were spent including more than $31 million in payments to
Black himself and other top executives there's an SEC investigation underway but gee how does it be
responsible in independent board of directors allow a CEO to get his company into this situation?
Well at Hollanger the journal reports board members included former secretary of state Henry Kissinger
and Pentagon Iraq Hawk sometimes telecom lobbyist Richard Pearl and what do you know those two had their own
Hollanger funded side projects a conservative magazine a venture capital fund hard to be an
independent voice for questioning the CEO's company build expenses when you've got your own company build project expenses
that might be just as easily questioned how do you like that?
Basically what it boils down to is the country's been run by a bunch of crooks always has been always will be
the world is run by a bunch of crooks and we're just all like little pawns in a chess game
Here's the facts from Gator who says there was a white castle in North Miami Beach on 163rd and Northwest at 12th Avenue
by the shopping center from 1963 to 65 thanks Gator no wonder I missed it
Yeah me too I hit town in 69 a white castle hundred remember the 163rd Street shopping center where it was like really a shopping center
and people used to really go there and there was a wolfies across the street and then it tried into a peaches and then of course they both disappeared
Uh-huh that was the wolfies where she said oh I don't take credit cards for lousy eight dollars
Yeah that's what she said the next right allows the eight dollars I should have taken my American Express card and shoved it up her
Reckham ass sideways boy I'm just obnoxious anyway here's another fact that says I've become sufficiently skeptical to the media nowadays
The left always screams the media is right by the right says the same about the left I've come to believe the media is biased in favor of the right
Oh no kidding the idea that this didn't grab the national media spotlight is unbelievable to me says this facts are unnamed
if the folk who had it were left these they'd be screaming holy bloody god damn murder if they found these chemicals in a bathist hide out in Iraq
Remy would be using this evidence of WMD I guess boykin really was right this is a holy war against Islam
I don't know if you've seen this already and he's got a thing or a link which I'm not going to read
I'll look it up thank you so much Mr. Unnamed
Unnamed Factor
Now are we ready for the um big news?
Yeah whatever
Well I think that the audience is very concerned about this especially the for all fans here we go
I think that's why I know is that he was not a version of a new and the break down
Right
But he was hearing those rumors that for all was going to go up against him mornings on 940 with a big 50,000 watt signal
Well rest easy mo just relax okay
As a matter of fact when you get home pick up those checkered pants
Right
Take a good zits bath
Maybe take a little blueberry animal like my mother would recommend
Clear channel here it is Fox Sports Radio 940 here's the release is for all going on there?
No
The Dan Silio show today view on 940 Fox Sports Radio
Dan Silio sounds kind of silly to me you know who he is?
Nope
Josh know who he is?
Nope
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Well you ain't heard nothing yet man
Dan Silio let's just see just gonna hell of it
WQIM
Hello?
Yes sir do you know who Dan Silio is?
Sir?
Yes
You do know who he is?
Yes
Who is he?
He's an asshole
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Who said we don't get great calls on this show?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
His reputation precedes him Ami
That was sensational
And that was Pete Boulder calling by the way
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Or maybe David Ross doing a voice
That was beautiful
Thank you sir for making my whole day
Merimar former university Miami Huracane,
and Tampa made a Buckah near football pair
Dan Silio who traded in his Onfield Trash talk
for honor a sports talk. It said today,
view a self-water radio show in Miami-Fort Lauderdale on January 5, 2004, 6 to 9 a.m.
All right, bring them on. Since 94,
Silio has hosted radio shows in Thamfer and Thithco,
Tampa and Los Angeles is part of the original Fox Sports Radio lineup.
Since 2002, he's hosted the morning show for 740, the team in Orlando,
WQTM, AM 740 in Orlando. Silio commented,
I'm very excited to be back home in Miami,
although he's not going to be back home in Miami.
There's nothing worse than people do a show from out of town like me.
It's been a dream of mine. He said to do sports talk in South Florida.
My relationships with the Peron College sports teams,
there are second to none. Second to none.
You ready for that? I want to give you a kiss.
Plus, what better place for a former hurricane to do sports talk in South Florida?
Although Silio show continue to be based in Orlando,
he says the show will appeal to South Florida sports fans.
I'll be talking canes, bucks, dolphins, heath, magic,
Panthers, Marlins, even Florida Atlantic.
Remember Coach Schmellie-Burgos, my coach at U of M?
Here is the real South Florida advantage.
There's more sports in Miami, Silio added,
that he'll be doing some shows from South Florida.
And that exciting, can you barely wait?
WRFX AM Slash WIOD Sports Anchor Dave Lamont will continue to provide
updates three times an hour directly from the 940 Fox Sports Studios.
Silio said Lamont will have an expanded role on his show.
WRFX AM Operations Manager, who I guess doesn't have a name,
stated because it doesn't have a name.
We've been talking with Dan for over two years as he knows it's often just a matter of timing and out.
The time is right, because Carl Foster couldn't afford the show no more.
So we had to put some cheap crap on there.
So we opened up a pot and slap his garbage on there.
It's good for South Florida to have someone on a morning sports radio who truly knows and loves South Florida sports.
Unlike Joe Rose, for example, who's only on NBC six in minutes South Florida.
The whole time it does a show like right there in the studio as opposed to sitting up in Orlando.
Like he'd be doing a talk show from Toronto.
Yeah, he's very passionate and opinionated.
Not everyone will like Dan, but they'll all know where he stands.
The Dan Silio show and here's the new weekday lineup. Get ready.
Strap yourself in. Do I see Scott Farrell on here? No.
See, the guy that called yesterday, who had the inside story, he's right.
There are a bunch of cheap bastards and not going to first of all they're not going to take any chances.
That's number one.
But most important overriding all of it is they're not going to pay a local talent.
Then I just not going to do it when they can open up a pot like do with everything else.
And just for example, their whole lineup.
Dan Silio six to nine.
This starts January 5th. Mark it down.
Play Bruno that laughing hyena Tony Bruno 9 am.
The Romeo at noon. Even you know Romeo.
How if you do Romeo like I knew homey Jim Daniels.
I have no idea who that is.
Five o'clock sports talks out Florida with Jorge Sedano.
I love his supermarkets.
Seven o'clock Steve's job and J.B.A.C.A.B.A.
And how do you say that?
D'oddard.
Steve.
Ten o'clock J.T. the brick, which is another ESPN piece of crap.
They open up a pot and two a.m. We are there overnight.
Whatever, whatever that means.
What is that, Josh?
Hey, does it.
Here's no idea.
Anybody have any idea?
No.
So there's the all farmed in potting in.
He has those.
Huh?
These those.
What is it?
I don't know. He's handing me something.
I thought he came in here like with a purpose.
Well, what is we are there overnight?
Oh, just some more stuff on Dan Silio.
He's a big fat tub.
Oh, yeah, you're a good one to talk.
Definitely like me talking about ugly people like in Montreal.
He didn't say that.
That my commentary based on this picture that I'm fixing.
Well, his picture is here and he's a bag.
I already got a picture here in his press release and his breathless press release.
From the clear channel Fox 940 sports people.
Dan Silio replaces Carl Foster in the mornings.
Any interest?
No.
Anybody here?
No.
And like the guy said before, he's an asshole.
1028 at 560 WQM.
We had a big van head coming up today between noon and two.
We don't know where yet.
Maybe somebody will tell us or maybe what we'll just have you do is all you folks drive around.
And then you'll let us know where the van is.
So keep your eye peeled for the QA in van.
And if you find it, we'll give you a Mike's Heart Limited key chain.
There you go.
In fact, keep your eye peeled for some hair.
If you can't find any on your head when you look in the mirror, here's the answer.
Charles Alphairi because he's simply the best in the business.
There got to be a thousand guys now trying to peddle you some kind of hair system.
Forget about it.
Charlie's got the natural hair line system.
The best look and peace anywhere available in the world at any price, which is why even the rich guys go to Charles Alphairi.
The choice is very simple.
If you want to look like Moe, if you want to look like a clown with a muskrat crawling around on your forehead.
Absolutely.
Go right ahead and do it.
Be our guest.
Go to the pound.
You probably have loose muskrats running around.
But if you want to look younger and better than you ever thought, you could again.
If you want to eliminate that bald spot for the rest of your life, just check with Charlie on that natural hair line system.
And you have nothing loose except the shiny head because everybody gets his 30-day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels after a few days.
You've got 30 men.
Charlie give you a full refund.
No questions asked.
So here's the deal.
Just make that one easy.
Call. Be sure to mention the Arrogers because it means an extra 200 bucks off the already reasonable price of Charlie's unbeatable, unmatchable natural hair line system.
Call tool free.
They bring your ass in.
They sit you down.
Give your free consultation.
With no obligation and charitable to show you just how much better he can make you look.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto his World Flaming website at CharlesAlphiere.com.
And look all.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't way, you ain't way.
I'm so far lower to paper waste card.
But finding up on wrist might be a little hard.
Evening things to keep me up on wrist in your opinion.
Even though I've been fed up, been a-feet-at-feet-at-feet-at-feet-at.
Not guilty, it's not all feelings.
My opinion, my money, will've been the case.
It is as plain as the dose of my face.
I'll be the-feet-at-feet-at-feet-at.
I'll be the-feet-at-feet-at-feet-at.
I'll be the-feet-at-feet-at-feet-at.
I'll be the-feet-at-feet-at.
Turn on any channel, Steve.
My opinion, my money, will've been the case.
10-335-60WQM.
We got the mad dog at 2-day.
Mad dog is back from a well-deserved day off yesterday.
I mean, when you work two days in a row, you deserve another day off, don't you?
That's what I think.
Then we got the Humprad 4.
Well, Humprad come back because Boog City would not talk to Bino Cook.
Now, the Humprad get his breast implants or what?
Reduction.
Hank from 4-7, including the Bino Cook Show 5-6, then you got, oh man.
Joseph Gackie just approved that no line of his perfect.
Joseph Gackie, Don Bailey, Jr., and Josh Darrell at the UM Touchdown Club banquet.
7-10 tonight.
That ought to be some really garbage radio, man.
8-10-10 into a Mark overnight.
The UM Touchdown Club banquet.
Well, what is that?
What is that all about?
And how come Josh is on their clearance as opposed to like at a beast?
What else clearance got to do with it?
Huh? I don't know.
Exactly.
What's that all of a sudden?
He's like that it's supposed to be the program, there are clearance make up your mind, okay?
You want to be on the year sports nerd, jock celebrity, UM Sniffer, or you want to be like a real program director?
Make up your mind.
And thanks for getting that check there on time.
Coroner rule since the day of the day, homo side, but before we get to that, I got a heavy plate today again today.
It's a good thing I'm not eating in one of those restaurants where you pay by the pound.
Have you ever eaten in a place like that?
No.
I want you to stop and think about that because first of all, you know you haven't?
I've heard of them, but I mean, well, I'm like, we used to have that soup place on Biscay and Boulevard where you had to eat.
The red soup.
No, no, no, that was po-boys.
I'm not talking about that.
It was a soup place, but I also had salads.
And you paid for your salad based on how much it weighed.
Get out.
There are a lot of those.
Another cherry bulk place.
Vegetarian restaurants are famous for that.
You go and you put it, you go around, you put a lot of that seaweed and crap on a plate.
And then there's like a little scale there at the cash register.
And you weigh in and then they charge you based on how much on your weigh in.
A better idea would be to eat.
But the plate sometimes weighs about a pound.
See, that's part of the scam.
See, they just weigh you.
Let me just shove everything off the plate, under like a something, something real antiseptic on a, on a scale.
And then you weigh the food.
As opposed to weigh in a plate for a pound, you crazy bastard.
They could just weigh you on the way in and then before you leave, right?
They're at the cashier.
That's not a bad idea.
And then you sneak out and take a quick look.
And then they owe you money.
Anyway, the reason I did the bushpaws, because I was very, not was, I am.
And extraordinarily distressed and distrusted.
Distrusted in dismay over the fact that the American public is themer than I even thought they were.
I mean, that photo op in Iraq that was just so pathetic that 5% of the public in the polls change.
And then 5% of our poll two days ago changed too.
I'm in that.
All of a sudden, 22% said it was a courageous wonderful thing to boost the morale of the troops.
Not just a photo op, a shameless photo op, or anybody with a brain knew that it was just like Hillary was doing.
So it's not political that we paid for by the way.
It was a photo op, but he does it.
And all of a sudden say it's a wonderful patriotic gesture.
Give me a freaking break.
A wonderful patriotic gesture would be to go on the air tonight, 9 o'clock nationwide and all of the networks and say,
Hey, guess what we, well, maybe we didn't lie, but we made a bad mistake.
We're bringing everybody home the weekend and time for the holidays and hubman dread all those schmath heads over there.
Okay, there no threat to us or anybody else.
That would have been the end.
And now we're going to put all our efforts into really fighting terrorism as opposed to people that had nothing to do with it.
That would be that would be an active courage.
So there's 5% of us said that evidently have lost their mind that going off the depends with this photo opportunity,
which shows you and they're playing the public like a violin.
You've got to hand it to them.
And I still say the Democratic Party a bunch of weak need.
I want to get floated here today, but God forbid weak need jelly for the fish goofballs is what they are.
None of them have really got the balls to stand up and say, hey, listen, he's not fooling anybody.
It's a photo opportunity.
There's kids dying over there every single day.
Those people ought to be home for the holidays with their loved ones.
There's positively no way.
And then even the talking head military ones that are on the stations now, they're saying every day,
well, you know what? There's just no way in the world that we have enough troops over there on the ground to get things restored law and order
and to have the security necessary to combat all this crap that's going on.
And we'll continue going on for years while they're peeing your money down the toilet, folks.
But the problem with the American public and again, you got that media like I said,
you have no idea that they're busy talking cock up, talking crap.
Oh, look at this.
Every day heroes send your stories to see us CNN every day heroes.
They're trying to out to MSNBC with that crap, you know, the wall of heroes.
How about just the wall of dead people?
How would that be?
That sounds a lot better to me.
How about we just show those caskets one time?
Well, we'll husk it in the hallway.
Let's take a look at the caskets and realize there's body parts and dead people coming back who had no business dying in the first place or being there.
That would be QAM.
Yeah, the only thing missing was a puppy and a child.
Did you hear that crow is going to be on there? They're going to call it the Harkoon.
Gotta go.
Your sports nerds, huh?
Do you understand about the sports nerds?
I think they're the evil doers.
Do you have anything after we take care of the alkyda and all the other terrorists in the world?
Then we go after the sports nerds.
What are you saying?
All right.
All right. That's a good idea. Round them up.
Send them to Gitmo.
Well, send to Gitmo.
What we'll do is we'll put them in those cells with all of them smelly schmata heads and then we'll like,
we'll force them to watch reruns of old games that they already know the outcome zone.
Oh, they would like that.
In fact, the sports nerds from South Florida, what we'll do is we'll lock them in and force them to watch reruns of old dolphin games where they got like that Jacksonville game 62 to 70.
Some of the games where they really gotten walloped over the years and just over and over and then we'll prop their eyelids with toothpicks open like in a clockwork orange and forced into watch that crap over and over again.
Sports nerds and much of evil doers.
You've heard of the warning on a person level.
How do you feel about George W. Bush, 148 votes?
I hit him like poison 45.
He's a bumbling idiot 40.
He's a compulsive, devious liar 25, not doing too well with his crowd yet.
He means well, but he's over his head 17 and then the two most negative or a categories here just changing again on me.
He's the two most popular.
Well, they are negative from our standpoint.
He's a honest, dedicated public servant, 14.
That's just under 9%.
Really like him.
He's a regular guy, 8, 5.1%.
So let's see you got the 14%.
Say he's okay, never stole a freight train and the other 86% say,
boy, my life and love.
This is 420560.
You ain't way, you ain't.
Don't lie.
Oh, the harbor.
Don't go, don't go, every time I see.
Don't go, don't go, every time I see.
That's retarded him, which.
Don't go, don't go, don't go.
My TV.
He's president of the ****.
Rapubligate muscle is in our ticketed idiot.
I don't know why they would want this young.
But I have a nice shirt.
Just room to neck for you.
With president of ****.
Oh, what a ****.
Oh, what I give to the vote's ones for.
And yet we all voted for.
And you want this.
Don't go, don't go, it's running stupidly.
Don't go, don't go, I'm this drunk at rich kid.
Don't go, don't go, he's even numbering me.
He's president of ****.
Yeah, don't care what it does.
You got him here by hook or cross with the Christmas ride.
No one best you will die of a handsome feeling.
We've got a great leader here.
With president of ****.
President of ****.
Turkey or no, Turkey.
Just crowd into you.
I'll present it to you.
I'll tell you that right now.
They're on one.
195 votes, almost 200 votes in less than a half an hour.
Pretty impressed with that, ain't you?
Yeah, on a person level, how do you feel about George W. Bush?
You know something I might just leave this up all day today.
We might have to hold on to that other one for tomorrow.
Goodie.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
I think this is pretty important crap.
Let's, that'll give Eric some nice time to sit back and relax and have a few
below any sandwiches.
195 votes on a person level, how do you feel about president George W. Bush?
Have some respect for your president.
No.
Not.
Don't you love those people who say it's supposed to respect the president's seat?
Of course, they're the same people for the most part who are bashing Bubba
because there are a few blow jobs in the stain on the blue rice.
He lied.
Get him out of there.
He lied.
Yeah, the Bubba Bashers.
I hate him like poison 59, 30.2%.
About 30, man.
This audience hates this president like poison, like arsenic without the old lace.
He's a bummer idiot 49, which goes without saying 25.1%.
He's a compulsive devious liar 35, which is why there's a lot of people dead right now who ought to be still alive.
He means well, but he's over his head 26.
That's not, that's kind of like a backhanded compliment.
That was, you mean well, but go back and sit on the bench.
You're not ready for prime time.
He's an honest, dedicated public servant 17, 8.7%.
And I really like him.
He's a regular guy.
Nine.
Oh, I met your Robert Creeper voted for that.
You want to know why?
Yeah, he likes that number.
Nine.
Nine.
He likes it.
Plus, he loves Bush.
Is what we hear.
So let's see.
So that means 13.3%.
And I got a positive, a really positive view on this president of this audience with or without the turkey.
Maybe that was an aberration the other day because it's hard, hard to put your finger on it.
You think?
Right.
Now let's pretend it was.
I sure hope so because if any of you people out there got sucked in by that phony baloney that silly sneaking in in the middle of the nobody's looking that we photo opportunity.
And and by the way, it wasn't even a, it wasn't even a real turkey.
It was a real turkey, but it wasn't nobody aided.
It was the stunt turkey.
It was the stunt bird.
So a Peter North told me so there's nothing worse than a guy with a stunt bird.
The bird was perfect, but not for dinner in Iraq picture, bushes holding the centerpiece.
This is a story to watch and post.
See, we got a story for everything.
We got stories up the ass today.
President Bush's bagged that turkey was for looking, not for eating.
In the most widely published image from his Thanksgiving day trip to Baghdad, the beaming presence wearing an army workout jacket surrounded by soldiers as he cradles a huge platter laden with a golden brown turkey.
The bird is so perfect, it was as if it came from a food magazine with bunches of grapes and other trimming, completing a Norman Rockwell image that evokes bounty and security in one of the most dangerous parts in the world.
Which is why they high-tailed it out there before they let anybody knew they were there in the first place.
But as a small sign of the many ways the White House maximized the impact of the two and a half hour stop at the Baghdad airport, administration officials said yesterday that Bush picked up a decoration, not a serving plate.
Officials said they didn't know the turkey would be there, or that Bush would pick it up.
A contractor had roasted and primped the turkey to adorned them a feline, while the 600 soldiers reserved from cafeteria style steam trays, the official said.
See that?
They said the bird was not placed there in anticipation of Bush's stealthy visit and military serves as a set of trophy turkey as a standard feature of holiday chow lines.
In other words, hey, don't that look really good? You're not going to get to eat it.
Here's some crap, here's some SOS.
Picture that while you're eating on a single, but dead. Just imagine if you were getting that thing.
The scene was lasted just a few seconds, was not visible to a reporter who was there, but was recorded by a pool photographer and described by officials yesterday in response to questions raised in Washington.
Bush's standing rose in a pool conducted immediately after the trip.
Administration officials said the presidential staff provided a morale boost that troops in Iraq are still talking about and help reassure Iraq he's about US intentions.
That he was going to give them the bird. I think he's already done that.
Liberation by elimination, baby.
Nevertheless, the foray has opened new credibility questions for a White House that has dealt with issues as small as who placed the mission accomplished banner aboard the aircraft carrier Bush used to proclaim the end of major combat operations in Iraq.
And as major as assertions about Saddam Hussein's arsenal of unconventional weapons and his ability to threaten the US.
The White House has updated its account of an airborne conversation in which a British Airways pilot wondered it on his radio if he had just seen Air Force 1 and was told that it was a Gulf Stream 5, a much smaller plane.
White House officials first said that British Airways piloted talk with Air Force 1 pilot. Bush aides now say the conversation occurred between the British Airways pilot and air traffic control worker.
I don't think everybody was clear on exactly how that conversation happened. White House press secretary Scott McClellan said.
British Airways said it's been unable to confirm the new version or any version. We looked into what a spokeswoman from the London said it didn't happen.
Now we can't find out. She says we looked into what it didn't happen. Another lie again, not a big lie, not a big deal, but just another freaking lie to kind of like dramatize the whole story.
You see, make it sound like a little a cloaking dagger there all out crap. Well, guess what didn't happen. Now here's two of the best factors I've ever seen in my life.
Side by each.
Here's one that says I love this. It says, hey, Neil, did you hear Reverend Jones call Mo Howard David in this morning? No, I did not. I guess since you won't put him on the air, he had to go where any and everyone is welcome to call him to paradise.
I hate chronic and it's signed one from a little of Anna. That's cute. That's really cute. Even though you hate Reverend Jones like poison.
He just won't call when you're on that song. Are you kidding? What calls five times a day when I'm on? No, he just he can't stand you. That's why calls five times a day to piss you off. Now here come. This is even more exciting. This is a follow up. Thanks to whoever sent this from Orlando. Thank you so much.
See? It doesn't take us long. You can see inside though.
Dan. So, you know, it's going to really get some serious ass. It's on.
Because here are the ratings from the last book. This is updated November 18, 2003. I guess from the last trend. So it's like it's up today's against in Orlando.
This is where Dan Silio's on here on that AM 740. Now let's see. They list two four six eight 10 12 14 16 18. There are 20.
20 stations rated in the Orlando market. Yes, we're Dan. Well, you already know because you saw this. Yes. What position the Dan Silio show is on? Let's let Josh gas. He didn't see this out of 20. Where do you think they are? Let's go with 20 next. Let's go.
All right. In fact, they may not be good, but at least they're consistent because this goes back the fall.
This is got five rating books. Oh, no, it's got four rating books and the latest trend.
And they are either last or tied for last in every one of them except there was now there are a couple of them.
So the Spanish language station is like right there with them. W-O-N-Q-A-Wonk, the big Wonk Spanish radio in Orlando, no less.
But anyway, WTM-AM sports team channel in the fall of 0 to a one point in the winner of 03. They had a zero.
Zero. They didn't show up at all. Zero. Not a point one. A no show. No number, no list. They were not. They didn't exist. They had a buy.
Now, where is that? They had a buy. They were off that book. Now, where is it? Let's see. Since 2002, he's hosted the morning show for 740 of the team W-O-K.
That's good because this starts with fall 2002. Nice going, Danny Boy. Spring of 03 coming from that embarrassment to a 0.8.
Wow. Making some serious progress, but only beating out that Spanish Wonk who had a 0.5.
Then in the summer of 03, they were again listed last here with a 1.1. And then the latest trend tied for last with country WPCV with a 1.1 share.
And that's the station that he's going to be broadcasting from that he's on. And that's the big breathless announcement because Chief Channel once again lives up to its name. It's the cheap freaking way, which is one more reason just I keep trying to tell you people.
This is what's happened to the radio business that we used to know and love.
Just a handful of companies gobbling them all up like a goddamn Thanksgiving turkey and that's it. That's what you get.
Just open up a pot and put a bunch of crap on 800 different stations and that's the end of that.
You ought to be kissing your radio no matter where I'm sitting doing the show. You ought to be kissing your radio for all of us on even more.
Absolutely.
I mean, at least in a perverse way, he's got something going.
He's live and low. I wonder what his exit strategy is, but anyway.
Huh? I think he's just like Bush is biggest problem is he got into a pile of crap. He has no exit strategy or I can make it a weird I'm talking about.
He got into the crap with Mo and now we have no exit strategy. Look at that poll. 245 votes, man. They're emotional about this.
I'll guarantee you by 11. Why don't we put this thing up about 10, 20? Something like that.
Man, just over half hour we got 245 votes. They're emotional about George's W. Bush. They their love him or hate him.
And not too many of this crowd loves him on a personal level. We're not talking about the issues. We're not talking about the word I rack.
We're not talking about that Medicare bill. We're not talking about all of these things, the economy, whether he's any of those.
We're talking about on a personal level on a visceral level. I can't stand people who use that word.
How do you feel about George's W. Bush? I hate him like poison 71. He's a bumbling idiot though 70. We got a battle there going on like crazy.
He's a compulsive, devious liar 41. He means well, but he's over his head 34. He's an honest, dedicated public servant 18, 7.3%.
And I really like him. He's a regular guy 11. And while those people were voting, they also, they were doing that.
You think, oh, I know. Those are the people that hang out in their spare time at the Okahumpka Turnpike Plaza.
And they get really surly when they see them Nathan Hotdogs because they figure it's a Jew thing.
Look at that. We got a dozen now. Read the Leckami's regular guy. So we got 11.8%. Oh, that's dwindling badly out of 252 votes.
11.8% with something really positive about the present. And then the other 88.12%. Say, fu.
Corner rule since the 90 death, a homo side.
The Hamilton County Corner yesterday. And I wish he and him would have been a little more clear about that because man, it really pissed me off the way they misled me and a lot of other people too.
Said the violence struggle over the weekend between 350 pound Nathaniel Jones and Cincinnati police was the immediate cause of the man's death.
And said his death will be ruled a homicide. Dr. Carl Pirate, note that Jones was obese. Now had an unlarge heart and it had ingested PCP and cocaine hours before the incident with police.
And by the way, had the very, very high levels of both. Pirate said superficial bruises consistent with night stick injuries were on his body.
He said Jones death being ruled a homicide doesn't imply hostile or malign behavior.
The coroner's office said Tuesday that Jones had bruises on his legs, but no side of injuries to his internal organs.
He said Jones death must be regarded as a direct and immediate consequence in part of the struggle plus his obesity, heart disease and drug and cancer occasion.
All of these things he said Jones had several lethal health problems when the confrontation happened and you know something what the hell was eating a white castle for right?
Right. Bad for you. I think that alone indicates that he probably had a common.
It says the struggle caused cardiac dis this. Oh man, this rhythm, yeah, which was the ultimate physical cause of death, but he stressed the event precipitating his death with the ensuing struggle absent the struggle.
Mister Jones would have not have died at that juncture. Maybe after a couple of more than Castleburgers. Right.
New video released Tuesday show Jones dancing and marching around white castle restaurant in the parking lot before the officers arrived on the scene later.
He fell and ruled downhill like Jack and Jill. How do you like that? Yeah, what a dancing and marching around a white castle. Maybe he had a green apple quick step.
Have you ever think about that? Right. Same fight. You have about 15 20 them little things and man you'll be just dancing your brain.
Five and local DCs fighting. Three of yours.
Two and a few and a half.
How how how how how what a rubbish.
We all work for Santa Claus. We've had enough week.
We do all the work.
All these stars in the show.
Stick your Christmas out your ass.
How how the f***in' how?
It's the wonderful world of science with Professor Mo.
Hello there boys and girls.
Today we're going to learn about an invisible substance incident.
And it ain't got nothing to do with fluids and juices. So you don't have to worry about it.
As a matter of fact it it's a night.
That's right boys and girls. It's a noble guest named for Ray Noble in his orchestra.
Now two were demonstrate.
How's it move?
White Geldy. What a surprise.
Uh, Ray tell what brings you here.
I want to learn about kids.
It's a noble gash of morons.
Now here. Hold this stool with it.
That's the one in my pants.
I'm not going to want to get an elephant.
Sorry.
You're rowing to my whole day.
Right. You're the...
That sound.
We had.
Is it that noble gash?
I can't out of here you little bitch of a fight.
Wait a minute boys. That's a point.
What do you got there?
A bed of potatoes.
Potatoes. For what?
You can make a battery out of a potato.
A battery out of a potato.
Yeah. I pulled on your ticket.
Yeah. No. You don't.
What do you think of some kind of moron?
My mole. You need a conductor.
All right.
There.
Now what are you?
Not waking you.
How's that make a wake?
I pulled it up my ass.
I'm the boss.
I'm the boss.
I'm the boss.
Break them.
11.02 at 5.60.
Nice going, mole.
Now what's the deal?
We got the sea level of clock out.
We got a van head coming up.
And is this for serious?
We're just going to be at the piece of lock.
No. So now it's I came up with the idea.
I think that's a pretty good idea.
Go over and see pony tail at the pizza loft.
You don't have to go in and buy lunch or anything like that.
But you ought to.
But you did.
If you did, we'd appreciate that.
And Jeff would appreciate it because he's dying.
But anyway, pizza loft and Davey would have that gigantic
shopping all at parking space on university drive between
Griffin in 5.95.
So just you look for the Q and Vand Park right in front of the
pizza loft.
That's a one in Davey, not that other adjoint.
But one in Davey on university drive.
And it'll be there from noon to two.
The lovely Scott's going to be the Scott Jr.
Right?
I reckon.
And he'll be like stirring up.
Don't get nervous now when you see him because he does have a
tendency of not looking you in the eye, but like stirring up at the sky.
Like the sky is falling and we just saw a $100 bill like floating around in the
ear.
And he just be like trans-fix on it.
You know, he's a little unusual.
But anyway, he'll be there noon to two today for a band and pet rescue.
We need just 95 bucks to get to 43 grand.
And we will get to our 50 grander.
If we don't get to 50 grand by the end of the year, I'm going to be so pissed off.
That would be just quit.
Then we'll just demand that they just pay us off the rest of our contract.
Gary says, I'd like to add a choice to your pool, religious nut bag.
People keep it.
You're right about coke, man.
It sucks.
Yeah, it does.
Coke or cola.
I'm immediately going to raise to my dominion.
And I'm going to pick up as many as I can carry.
A diet, caffeine-free diet Pepsi.
I'm sure we're just going to stop stealing my diet Pepsi out of here.
Yeah, who now?
How stealing Georgia's diet Pepsi in their net building?
Duff keeps going on.
First of all, mufflemus.
It is the phone is screwed up.
Even if we didn't want to do a screen, we have to because Josh can't answer the phone line.
One is still screwed up.
And also people are stealing all Georgia's diet Pepsi's in or out of our little refrigerator.
But you keep telling us, oh, well, nobody is supposed to be in here.
Yeah, well, they are.
They are.
It's like the Christian science reading room in there, man.
They're not reading.
They're eating.
They crush my stapler using it as a door prop.
Yeah, prop in the door.
What a joke.
Anyway, it says Gary's facts.
People keep expecting slice hoping he'll wake up and do the right thing.
But his idiot thinks God told him to evade Iraq.
Well, he looked like God.
His name was Richard Pearl and Paul Wolfowitz.
Dick Cheney.
If this born again, alcohol, I truly believe this, then he's incapable of dealing with things logically.
And that makes him the most dangerous leader of a nation since Hitler.
And this country is too stupid to wake up to it.
Correct that all counts, Gary.
Correct that all counts.
But I'm not changing the pool because Eric is sitting back eating taco bell now.
He's just forcing it down his push.
That's because he's frustrated because you keep picking on him.
Hey, love that, my dear.
I'm going to go visit him at Orlando.
Plus, we're not getting the kind of hits on there that we used to, but that either means we've lost 40% of the audience in a couple of weeks or there's nobody around.
I don't understand the thing about there being nobody around.
And maybe we'll hear today from somebody who was at the hockey game last night, but even if you call and say you were, I'm sure you're lying.
There was nobody there, including the Panthers.
I mean, if you can't complain about their effort last night because there wasn't any.
And I don't want to be the voice of gloom and doom, but I just can't see any way, anyhow, that after next year's lockout,
where's there ain't going to be any season next year after that that there's going to be any team in Carolina Buffalo Pittsburgh or South Florida.
I can't see it.
How is it possible?
There's no fan base.
There's no interest.
So, Alan Cohen, I sure hope you need a good tax write off because boy, you got one.
Anyway, Todd from Hollywood is a chronic factor.
Says he faxes me this article.
Lawmaker attacks FCC's F.W.D. ruling for television.
I am so sick and tired of goody two shoes who want to tell all the, I can't deal with it anymore.
I'm going to tell you right now what we need to do.
The most important thing, and I know a lot of you are going to get pissed off too bad.
The most important thing that we could do and never happen because they got all the power and all the cash.
To make the world a safer, better, saner place to live is outlaw religion.
You are in the world.
Yeah, amen, brother.
Wake up tomorrow and all the religions.
Bye-bye.
Take all the churches and turn them into homeless shelters.
Go tell it on the mountain.
Do something when turning into soup kitchens.
Turn them into places where we can find jobs for people who really want to work.
Anything.
And stop with these taxes and grab money grabbing peddlers of bull crap, a propaganda.
And just say goodbye to all of them.
I hate that that's all religion does.
And don't tell me, well, you know, the church is doing all of this good charitable work.
We could be doing the same charitable work without the church, without the fairytales.
Oh, what a concept.
You don't need to read some silly old books from thousands of years ago by a bunch of primitive idiot stone age assholes.
It's probably a pretty good idea to help people if you can.
Oh, gee, what a concept.
And not steal their crap and murder them.
That doesn't seem to be stopping the US from doing it.
Butchering a lot of innocent people who have no business being it's just amazing.
Just shocking that the public in the US is so stupid they can sit back and and and they practically have come out and said all of it.
This whole thing this whole episode of an era wreck was built out a whole bunch of lies.
It was built on a deck of cards over today.
We caught the king of clubs.
Oh, no, we didn't while we lied.
The deck of cards.
See, that goes to show you.
I don't understand how people can't be insulted unless they're we do that.
No, unless they're that stupid.
Remember the turkey?
The House of Cards.
Oh, we have the deck of cards.
Here we caught the king of queens and the the ace of spades and the right.
My God almighty.
What kind of crap?
It's just like the yellow light green light thing, you know?
And that's the same thing.
Everything has been reduced in America to the lowest level of banality because you're just like the president sitting there reading the kindergarten kids in Sarasota on the day 9-11 took place.
I think that there's something symbolic about that.
I think there's something really appropriate about that that he was sitting there reading from a bunch of silly fairy tale books to a bunch of little children in kindergarten.
He finally found an audience on his own level.
And of course that they made a big sentence about that kid corrected him at the White House the other day about who was seven years old and not six or whatever.
And that's not even a story.
Okay.
No.
If that was his worst mistake, we'd say nice school and Mr. President, you're okay in our book.
If that was his biggest sin.
No more religion.
I'm talking to that right now.
That would be and I don't care all you people.
I know I'm in a very tiny minority.
It's so you can't be an atheist in America.
No, no, no, no.
Enough of this bullcrap.
Enough fairy tales.
Enough hate.
That's all religion generally does is just generate intense, unbelievable hate.
You look at the map.
Get out your little globe right now or grab on your nuts and pretend it's a globe of the world.
Roll it around this.
Roll it around in your hand and take a look at the North Pole and the South Pole and then the pole.
Well, I'm telling you.
Just look at every conflict in the world today.
It's all religion based.
Well, what about South America when they had that overpopulation you mean that the Catholic Church has inflicted on them?
When they have all of those ruthless dictators that we've helped to install in their first place?
But anyway, a Florida congressman is crusading against the government decision condoning the use of the F-ward on television.
Well, F-M.
In his weekly message to constituents, representative Jeff Miller criticized the FCC for deciding an October that you two single bono did not violate federal decency standards when you use the word on TV.
Let me just tell you this about the sports nerds about that mentality too.
See, if you're watching a ball game and they have all those mites on the sidelines or hanging over the ice and hockey game,
when you hear the F-ward many times during a game.
But third man.
At least minimum.
Minimum.
Sometimes 100.
That's not the practice.
You look kind of an F in college.
Yeah, but see, that's okay because it's sports.
It's kind of like I'm QA and one of the sports nerds says some foul thing.
It's okay.
A rass.
Except for Ferell.
But if I say it, oh my God, that perverted no good, faggot, the ethias sort of offense, you hear that?
That was perient.
Right.
Anyway, in the plain and simple terms, the commission rule that it is permissible to use the F-ward as an adjective but not as a verb, Miller wrote,
he criticized what he called the irrationality and the absurdity of the agency's decision.
And Mr. Miller, you're absurd and you're irrational.
Okay, you're an idiot.
The language police.
Miller's office has received about 400 email messages and letters on the ruling center was issued October 3rd said,
Dan McFall, the congressman's chief of staff.
He said almost all were critical of the FDCC's decision.
Well, I've them too.
To put that response in one in context, McFall said to the congressman's office received just 15 email messages and letters on the 395 billion dollar Medicare prescription drug bill.
See, there you go.
I've pressed my case.
Something important?
Nothing.
Something idiotic in a bullcrap.
Oh, my God.
The religious nuts are all foaming at the mouth about it.
Thanks, Todd and Hollywood, who says I hate pushing this machine.
He says in his wife was on this morning's today show being licked by Nora O'Donnell of NBC. Nora was licking Mrs. Licking Bush.
Laura Bush looks like she just used the litter box and said, oh, it's picking a litter box.
I got a terrible story.
God, where all this stuff come from today, you know what?
I don't know.
I got a pile here halfway to the ceiling.
And by the way, Ma, I had a great bomb movement this morning.
I'm sure she's listening.
She's very, very concerned about bomb movements.
Yeah.
It's an issue.
Twentieth.
Ape.
I mean, when are we going to grow up in America already?
This business, the word police.
Oh, you didn't say this and you didn't say that.
But in the meantime, if we're killing a whole bunch of people, let's not understand.
That's okay.
Well, let me do the break and then we'll do the competent team arrested for allegedly abusing cat story.
Now, you're going to have to try to control me while I read that story.
Well, you know, we are the band of lovers on this show.
We got a band and pet rescue that takes you and not just dogs, but also pussy cats.
But yeah, we'll get to it.
I'll see if I can get through it with a straight face.
What?
A gay face.
It's a nasty story.
It's bad.
I really mean that, don't I?
It's bad.
Abusing cats.
I mean, after you pull them out of the microwave, anyway, in a personal level, how do you feel about George's W. Bush?
Let's see how that pulls.
Come on.
332 votes, unless an hour.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
He's a bumbley idiot.
101 has moved to the top of the pack.
I hate him like poison.
92.
He's a compulsive, devious liar.
60.
He means well, but he's in over his head.
41.
He's an honest, dedicated public servant.
26.
And I really like him.
He's a regular guy.
12.
So we got 11.4%.
Who are given?
Kissy, kissy.
You said.
Who are given?
Kissy, kissy.
Raising that old indexed finger.
High in the sky.
Hey, let me tell you a place where you'll be happy.
That's Brandy Shuson.
Have a perfect fit on your feet.
It's going to really screw you up bad.
As some of you may have found out.
Brandy Shuson is here celebrating their 25th year in business in Poplaraviche.
And they got the top brands in the world, like I said only moments ago.
They got rock ports.
Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Clarks, SAS, Floreshawm, all of these things.
And they got a big wide range of sizes, too.
Men size 6 to 15.
Women's 5 to 12.
And which from the very, very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
And with over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock and that big gigantic 8,000 square foot megastore.
You can be damn sure.
You can bet Mojower David is life on it.
That exactly what you're looking for is in stock ready to slap on your feet right now.
Brandy Shuson, there are 1290 North Federal Highway in Poplaraviche open daily, 909.
Sundays, 10 to 5.
It's a great time to buy SAS now during Brandy's 25th anniversary sale.
Come in for bigger savings than usual.
20 to 30% extra on all men's and women's SAS styles right now.
This week, or visit their website Brandy Shus with 2S Brandy Shus dot com.
We're sports radio bikes.
You AM.
Erica loves to watch boobs and butts and boink it.
Fab5 have ventured to the North Pole for the most fab holiday special yet.
It's queer eye for the Santa guy.
Watch Carson fix Santa's wardrobe.
Hello there.
Look at that red suit.
You're supposed to clean off the blood after you club hearted deal.
Oh, hold on there.
That red suit is Santa's trademark.
Oh, please.
It's out with the red and in with the black.
Done. We now are gay, a pair of.
Oh, fuck.
We're eye grooming, Guru.
Kyan works on Santa's look.
The beard's gotta go.
This is not the 80s, okay, ZZ top.
Tom and Jay try to whip Santa in the shape of that belly.
So what when with the last time you actually saw Santa's little helper?
Oh, you're bad. You are so bad.
And Ted gives St. Nick some nutritional advice.
Yes, Santa.
When you visit the kid's houses, eat the carrot sticks yourself and feed the cookies to the reindeer, okay?
Now it's your turn to sit on my lap.
Oh, you're big bag.
Thanks to queer eye for the Santa guy, Santa's got a new attitude.
Merry Christmas to all.
And to all the gay night.
Hello. Hello.
11, 17, at 5, 60, WQ.
I think you can say, whole no more, can you?
Hope. No more.
Now, down if Jeff Miller has his way, you want people to say crap.
Anyway, here's a fact that says the corner said the death of the 350 pound black man who was clubbed by police,
the video tape beating was caused primarily by the struggle.
Partly attributable to his white heart disease and drug use.
That seems quite convenient.
Even if he hadn't died that none of those factors,
I don't think he would have felt too good the next day had he survived.
I tried to avoid the rest of the judgment history and cover up syndrome and saw the tape for the first time yesterday.
My interpretation of what I saw was a drunk being beaten to death by a mob mentality police department.
Surprise, I'm not black.
Just another example of HGH driven cops out of control just protecting and serving.
HGH driven cops?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
So there you go. That's what the anonymous infectious is there.
So they're out of control. Well, they were out of control.
But then again, they didn't have no taser gun. That's what they designed for.
C. Stung guns.
Uh-huh.
Till I subdue something like that who's just a big and stoned and the crazy and gone nuts and dancing a white castle.
Now, here's this cat story.
Although we probably should take a couple of calls first so we can have like a little separation.
Okay.
Somebody to Q.I.M.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Even though we are both fat and greasy, I just...
That's Reverend Jones, isn't it?
Which I didn't know till this moment. I didn't know he was fat and greasy.
Didn't you?
And this, uh, Jim, who keeps fencing like five words, why does he waste the, uh, fast paper?
And then you, you, you make it even more compounded by doing the same thing and saying it to me.
Well, because if you don't respond to it on the air, he'll just keep doing it.
George W. Bush on a personal level of thought of it makes me throw.
I think what he means is...
Throw it at him.
Throw it at him.
But he didn't write. It makes him throw.
W.Q.I.M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I, Neil, I had a question about the website.
Yes.
Did you guys get rid of the archives link? I can't find it.
We did?
I don't know. I can't find it. I'm looking on the first plate page below the articles of, you know, the last few days.
The articles of Confederation?
Correct.
Well, you know something. Maybe that would account. Maybe the archive page disappeared. How could that be?
I honestly can't find it. The last thing I see is, foot and mouth price for run-sheld and that's it.
No, wait a minute. I just, I clicked, here you go.
Maybe moved it.
No, headline story archives. Is that what you're talking about? You're talking about your archives.
No, I'm not talking about your actual shows. I'm talking about, you know, when you guys put links to articles, I can't.
Yeah, no, just click on where it says Features.
Okay.
And that'll take you right to a headline slash story archives. I'm looking at it right now.
You got it?
Features.
Right.
Okay.
That's great.
Got it?
Thank you, sir. Very much.
There you go. No, extra charge.
Thank you. Bye-bye.
See, there you go. It's the computed doctor. What I know about computers, you can put in a thimble.
All of this one runs really good, man. That's it.
Yeah. What? Nothing?
And fast.
Like lightning, just like that.
Boy, we've got a good computer sitting. Well, good enough computer sitting on the floor over here that Josh could be using in that room to save.
Right. Nobody over there wants to get it put together. You know, Duff, it's about time you people got off your ass instead of coming in here with spring rumors of all kinds of things about how you hate Mohaward like crazy.
Wish you would croak instead of stuff like that.
Well, you know, let's get to play school on air. You got you got a program director and operations manager got too many chiefs and not enough Indians. That's a problem.
Okay. Just like in Kansas City, too many chiefs, not enough Indians.
Let's get the show on the road.
We need some just like what I was there. Then I sit down the first day and everything from a technical aspect is a piece of crap.
The house phone doesn't work. It's the one that all kinds of farting and puking. You can't use it.
The line one doesn't work. And guess what? I see every line flashing on the board now except line one. And guess why? Does it work? No.
Josh can't answer the call. So I got to sit and do a screenless like some kind of a schmuck working on a 10th rate radio station.
You think we were the ones that had the point one instead of that silly Dan?
See, there's nobody even there now that you got pissed off about it. WQ I am.
Hello. Me? Yes? Good morning, sir. How's the weather up in P.O.?
It's sunny and 35 today. Not too bad.
Not bad. Not bad. It's such a face on your little guy tribe on religion.
My son was about to become a boy scout. And he quit because he said he didn't believe in God.
And there was a collective gap in the room.
Yeah.
And so I said look, the chair decision you can eat alive out of it or you can tell him the truth.
He said well, I'm not going to lie about it. Good for him. He's on.
While he is those farm believer and follower of your DNA, he doesn't think that ever since you came up with that and we stick to it.
DNA and TNC do no harm and take no crap.
Let me tell you about the bush thing. I mean, first of all, you're not going to have any Democrats come out against what he did.
And then they're going to sound unpatriotic.
But what he did was, and I believe that he should have snuck in there.
Okay, because you know, they would have tried to shoot him down. But the fact that he was on the ground only for two hours and had not even met with the interim government of Iraq.
Of course not.
Those people have just stopped because that was the one opportunity as commander-in-chiefs to sit down with these people and say, you know, how's it going?
You know, what can we do? Is that anything? And he didn't. He went first, followed all up as everybody knows and then he stayed at that.
They didn't want to know and you wanted to know why because he knows how it's going.
Exactly. Exactly. But you know what? I mean, these people are just saying it took a big set of brass ones. Well, perhaps, yeah, good.
But you know what? Clinton went to Bosnia and met with over 6,000 troops over there. He went out and met some of the troops out in the field.
First didn't even leave the hangar in Iraq. So that just goes to show you that he's got a very tiny pair.
Okay.
Can I make a couple small requests? Yes, sir.
You have not played two big heads in paradise. The parity with Bill Clinton and Bob Dole in a long time.
Okay. One of my personal favorites. And also to come up with a future portal if I can make a suggestion.
Yes, sir. The best of the best of moments. And you could actually plan on a Wednesday to kill that one to two hour and then list them all on the pole and see how we do on a Thursday.
Not bad. I would love to hear all the moments back to back. Absolutely. Okay. Have a great holiday. Thanks. Bye. Bye.
Have a good generic holiday. A nine-dimensional Christmas in Shunuka. I like that 10-year-old kid. It's got the balls to say I don't believe in God.
I'm not going to give you this a pledge allegiance to crap. Hey, buddy. See this idea. There's no two ways about it.
You either have free speech and freedom of thought or where you don't have it. There's no gray area there. Either you got it or you don't.
An America don't. And assholes like this Jim Miller. All of these right wing clowns, Jeff. Whatever hell is name is an asshole by any of the name would smell the same.
Tired of it. Sick of it. Nosey. It'd buy it. And we got a few of those in Canada. A got a few of them. But they don't have the clouds.
You don't have the power. In fact, if anybody makes a bigoted remark here right off the bat, they're like excoriated and forced to either resign or go into the closet and power and shame.
It's just not tolerated. But this whole religion thing is nothing about hate and intolerance and always has been from the beginning of time.
It's just like the bush business. It's like the war in Iraq. There is nothing complicated about it. There's nothing complex about it. It's very, very simple.
And that is when people justify their hate or on willingness to accept other people based on something in whatever book, whatever religion, whatever for retail, all it is is an excuse slavery.
The subject of women, all of these things all based on crap written by bigoted men thousands of years ago.
Well, the Bible says, yeah, right. Just unacceptable. It's just garbage. We should wake up tomorrow and all these sick religions of the world and by the way, they're all sick.
It's just a question of degrees. It's just a question of which one is the most, which ones are the most malignant and emissions are the most of an ion.
And even the ones that are benign like the Jews, they got the orthodox Jews and believe me, they're about as malignant as a gift. Just ask the Palestinians, they'll tell you.
Right. Speaking of lunatics themselves, see there are like Michael Moore had a right on, he had a thumb right on, everybody.
Give Israel and the Palestinians 40 million of peace and let them all kill each other. That's what they want. How does that affect us? Does it affect us in any way? No, all it does is it affects politics.
And now the new deal is it isn't just a Jew lobby in America. Now it's the well, we got 1.2 million Muslims in America and they got who vote and they got this big lobby, yadda yadda, and see, they're again, Dearborn Michigan.
I've been in Dearborn Michigan, believe me. Let me just give a little piece of advice. Yeah, don't go there. Okay.
It's just, I don't know what well, just going to go to Detroit period, you'll be much better off.
Palpat O'Tea arrested for allegedly abusing cats. I got to do the break before I do that story.
Well, it's a disturbing story about the BS and a Palpat O'Beach teenager allegedly abuse three kittens.
Now, even people that aren't cat lovers like me, I mean, you got a cute little kitten. Yeah, right.
Kittens are cute. Kittens are cute unless if they've been in a microwave too long.
I kind of like them extra crispy myself. I shouldn't be doing that and I know I shouldn't read this story. I should just make panic.
You know, you should just discourage me from reading it because people are going to think I'm a bad guy.
You're a bad guy. I'm not going to contribute to a band of pet rescue. Don't forget Scott Jr. will be there at noon to two right in front of the pizza loft in D.B.
A university drive between 595 and RodeWripe. I'm here with imports with a big, big shopping area there and all the parking.
And go in and get a slice or something. Go in and get a pie from the opponent.
A slice of pizza. Anyway, if you want to do something really smart, give your home a new style this holiday season.
Replace that tired old smelly carpeting and let me tell you how to do it. Call our friends at Laminants or Russ.
This is the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring. Laminants or Russ is the best place to find lemonade wood flooring from Perrador, Pergo, Wilson Art Uniflor Quickstep.
And all of Laminants or Russ flooring is installed by people who know their stuff inside and out. Pergo certified installers.
Another reason the ought to be called lemon. It's a Russ is their prices are so amazingly low. It'll flore. Right now get their holiday special for just 1495 bucks that gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful lemon wood flooring.
Positively. And Laminants or Russ will match any legitimate written offered to can't be to a stick for a free and home estimate call Laminants or us toll free 1 877 777 3336.
They make it so easy. It's a piece of cake free carpet disposal free furniture moving. They give you 25 year warranty.
So this holiday season give your homo gift the brand new style with beautiful Laminants or Russ call them toll free today and tell them that crusty old meal for you to call 1 877 777 3336.
This is for 20 bucks.
You weigh in.
Howard David's a bitch.
Thank you. You've seen all there is to see in a reality dating show.
Think again. There's a new reality in reality television. It's average Joe Millionaire. A show that puts a twist on an old twist.
With a brand new twist average Joe Millionaire. One box of beauty must choose the man of her dreams among 25 honky guys.
She thinks are worth over 50 million dollars. But guess what they're not honky and they're not rich. Or are they?
What's the dirty little secret behind average Joe Millionaire are these ordinary guys actually extra ordinary? Are they really worth the millions we said they weren't after we said they were.
Can a beautiful woman ball for an average looking rich man who's actually poor and handsome or will she love them for their good looks and not for the money she thinks they may have.
But actually might not it will all become crystal clear on the premiere episode of average Joe Millionaire.
Or will it find out when reality television gets a real dose of real reality really. And it's all on average Joe Millionaire coming soon to Fox TV.
31. Is it at WQA M. See I forgot about that. I just stuck that in there the other night and I forgot about it all.
Well, it's had Alzheimer's kicking in. Anyway, Noon to two you got Scott that Scott Jr. not the senior in the QM band at pizza lot. I think we ought to have Scott the senior out there. Wouldn't that be good?
Yeah, he grew up crowd between Griffin and 595. Noon to two any minute now and a half an hour in a QM band with our best in the merchandise.
And then five to seven Miguel will be at the Maruni auto sales of added pro player stadium spin for prizes and the best in the merchandise will be there too.
Now what does that mean the the Maruni auto sales of added pro player stadium. Sounds like to one of those tensales or something. Yeah, sounds like that. It's got to be pretty tense.
Five to seven with Miguel is afternoon. It's a double double the Dipper for you. So how's that promotion department coming anyway?
Here's that when you stocked. Don't start you you started. I did not Josh started. Oh, he did it. What's the trick?
386 votes on a personal level. How do you feel about George W. Bush? He's a bumbling idiot. 118. Well, I mean all that that memo said don't not the memo wasn't for on here, but didn't say don't talk about it.
So talk about it. I'm not. Anyway, he's a bumbling idiot. 118. I hit him like poison. 104 did up come in by the way with the engineers and get that stuff straight now. What the hell are they doing?
I don't know. You think that by now he and Clarence would have be tallied off and be done with the morning session. I hit him like poison 104. That's Bush. Not tough. He's a compulsive, devious liar. 70.
He means well, but he's over his head 53. That's kind of like a back hard at about a half a. You know that two decades for president. I don't know where that bit is. That's why I haven't played. No, I don't need it.
What the hell is that call? I'm sure you played it like twice. Yeah. Well, that's because I can't find it. Well, anyway, he means well, but he's over his head 53. He's an honest dedicated public servant 28.
And I really like him. He's a regular guy 13. That's 10 and a half percent got something really good to say about this president 89 and a half percent.
Say not too ex-thrilled. Not too thrilled. The understanding of the century. Not too happy with it. Anybody call in? It was at the panther game yet last night.
Oh, come to QA. I'm there. Gilbert again. Do you do it? Yeah, we all did it. Everybody did it. Gilbert. I got news for. Okay. What we're going to do is we're going to send.
Look at Brotsy, fat rich and fat boy to your house. They're all going to sit on you for a couple of hours.
You neurotic piece of crap. What are we going to do? Something about that. See that's something else. If we had a real operations manager program director somebody really in charge.
They take the ball. The balls by the horns, man. They personally drive to his house and beat the crap out of him. Gilbert Solomon and Carl Gables remind me.
I'm going to beat you wherever you're hanging out and hiding with those 45 with those coke bottle glasses. The fat.
Pompadotine arrested for allegedly abusing cats. The BS has arrested a pompadotimic teenager for allegedly abusing three kittens.
The 13 year old boys accused of throwing the cats in front of moving cars, banging their heads together, sliding them against the fence and a basketball backboard and repeatedly tossing them inside a trash can according to the BS.
Two other teens, females ages 14 and 16 were also taken into custody and charged with obstruction of justice.
BSO's abuse and neglected tech. The abuse and neglect detectives. Did you know they had said things? I thought they only had detectives who waited to swing clubs.
Arrested the boy of November 28th and the 600 block of Northwest 40th Street in Pompadot beach after a passer by spotted the teen abusing three small kittens and called 911.
The kittens were less than nine weeks old. BSO reported. What kind of an asshole does something like that? An asshole.
The witness and her daughter were driving through the area and saw the teen grab onto kittens by its tail and toss in front of a moving car.
I think what she should have done was toss him in front of a moving car. Any like that. Yeah, that was a good idea. Yeah.
Piece of crap. The car was forced to swore and avoid hitting the cat but drove on. Witnesses then saw the boy repeatedly throwing the kittens into a garbage can, bashing their heads together and slamming them against a baseball backboard and fence.
Even I can't find any humor in this as much as I'm not a big cat lover to say the little kittens.
When mother and daughter approached the boy and pleaded from to stop the teen to threaten to throw the kittens at them.
As BSO district nine deputies arrived on the scene the boys to older sisters ages 14 and 16 began to threaten the witnesses and were subsequently arrested for how do you like that?
Yeah, subsequently arrested for obstructive justice. The 13 year old was also taken into custody is charged with three young felony counts of animal cruelty.
I say let's throw his ass into a dumpster overnight for about a week. All of them, the lot of them and the sisters too.
Trem all in there. The dumpster off the cliff. This was in pomp and obese. But I don't want to say it. You know what I'm thinking? Nope. Don't say it.
Okay, but you know what I'm thinking? I do. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
I'm 5 60 on the 18 and see. And Verizon wireless line. I'm thinking out loud. That's all right. That's correct.
Look, we're looking for somebody who is at that Panther game last night. It might actually go back sometime. You think there's any? I don't think so.
What kind of crap are you people putting out there and the guy that put the dud in Dudley? This guy is he's going to oh brother.
In those first couple of days, they're taking polls in the newspapers. What do you think of the firing of my keen? Oh, it's great.
This is just what the Panthers need to know what they need is some players. You know, they got Luongo and they got Stevie Weiss.
Holy joke in and that's about it. That's pretty much it. The rest of my kid Horton Tim Horton. That's about it.
Who? Who? Yeah, he's got a donut shop at 100. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. It's very sad. But it's so typical.
And then of course, the Marlins went and screwed everything up. I went into World Series this year. So now the suckers in the day county are going to get kind of the building.
They're going to be building them a stadium and at least the one good thing is they want to resign just about everybody.
They still don't want to send a punch back in. But you know, so they might be competitive or they probably will be but in spite of that.
When you build these buildings, attacks pair of spants. When you start doing out money to millionaires and billionaires, it always winds up like right in your face man.
You have to like wipe it off with a very moist outlet. WQ I am.
Can you tell me your facts number please? I beg your pardon? Your facts number?
Our facts number is to be 05 650 1198. Thank you. Don't facts an article. What do you mean?
We're just getting pages and pages at the same article all day long. Well, that's not from her. She doesn't know what the facts number is.
So it wasn't heard. You are really brutal. Yeah. Yeah. Why do you attack and hurt with the first lady call we've had in about how many years?
I've heard man. We've had a lady call around there. We don't get any. That's for sure. And she maybe she's going to fact you something good like a naked picture of her daughter or something.
Yeah. 5 Josh said send two copies. We got a copy machine. WQ I am.
Yeah. Q I am. Yeah. Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah.
WQ I am. Hello. Hey, come speak to Neil speaking. Hey, I'm outraged by that. If there's ever need to bring back horse whipping or canning for people.
This is it. I mean, forget about community service and all they're going to go to reform school. You talking about the cat story. Yeah.
I mean, what are we talking about here? We're talking about living things. What kind of a moron do you have to be to be doing crap like that would living things?
It's just outrageous. And you know, our society today just condoned stuff like that. It's unbelievable.
It is. I think what we ought to do is find it. Find his ass. I think everybody ought to drive up around there in the neighborhood and just, you know, putting like a whole.
It's an impromptu beach and stuff like that is unpopular with certain organizations because they'll say, well, you're discriminating against me and it's slavery and.
But we don't know who he we don't know who it was. We don't know for sure whether he was what the pigmentation was. But we do have certain suspicions, which is wrong. Of course, the show we have no way of knowing that. Why are you automatically assuming that George? I don't know.
Why are you? Because I know the area. I know the hood. Yeah. No, I don't know what he was. But I would like to find out. I'd like to see a picture. And of course, oh, well, they have to protect the enemy because they're miners. See, I don't buy that.
I don't buy that at all. How about when we had these little kids 10 and 12 years old, shooting people in school? They didn't protect their identity. Remember? Right. So why don't they always have to cover up the identity of kids when they do grotesque horrendous things like that?
I don't know.
Tired of it. Tired of preventing protecting scumbags. That's one of the biggest problems in America. The scumbags like Michael Jackson, for example, they get the old cover up and everybody else gets the shaft man to get the old foot deep inside your.
Rectum ass. That's what pisses me off among many other things like the president on a person level. How do you feel about the president George W Bush? We've got 414 votes, Mr. I told you this poll was electrifying. Did I? Well, not quite. That's pretty interesting. He's a bumbling idiot. 131. I hate him like poison. 109. He's a compulsive, devious liar. 75. But why know how to put together a good poor nut?
He means well, but he's over his head. 57. He's an honest, dedicated public servant. 29 and I really like him. He's a regular guy, a regular boy. 13. That's 10.1%. He's in a precarious position. He's in danger of slow, but under 10%.
Uh oh. On a Richter scale. He's in danger of being down there with that. What's that guy's name from Orlando? Oh silly. Yo, that silly guy. He's in danger of being down there with a Dan the silly guy from Orlando.
I'm a big liar. George W. 502. It's you. A. M.
Hour from Boca.
It's the wonderful world of science with Professor Mo.
Oh, my boys and girls. Today we're going to learn about an invisible substance incident.
And it got nothing to do with fluids and juices. So you don't have to worry about it. As a matter of fact, it's a night. That's right boys and girls. It's a noble guest named for a rainbow in his orchestra.
Now two of them are straight.
Why guilty? What a surprise.
Pray tell what brings you here. I want to learn about this. It's a noble gash, you moron. Now he hold this stool.
That don't want in my pants.
Don't look at what you got in his head. You're going to my whole day.
I hear this. That's how we are. Is that your old boy?
I cannot hear you little bitch. I'm a boy. I got the point. What do you got here? A bed of potatoes.
Potatoes? But what? You can make a battery out of a potato. A battery out of a potato?
Yeah. I pulled on your jacket pants.
No, you don't. What do you think of some kind of maroon?
My mole. You need a conductor.
All right. There. Now what are you?
Not working there.
I'll take a wipe. I put it up my ass.
I'll put it up my ass.
I played it again just so I could hear those last ten seconds.
Okay.
Left one. Left one, right?
I don't even know what it's called.
It's called Two Decades for President.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6.
I got some good news, though, finally.
Thank goodness. Democrats to try touchscreen voting machines with paper ballot.
Maybe we might actually salvage some more real elections in this country, although I have my doubts.
And Illinois Company is touting a new voting machine that may lay fears in the ballot booth.
A touchscreen machine that creates an accompanying paper ballot recording every vote.
Oh, thank the Lord.
When I make you feel a little bit better, yeah, much.
The company is seeking approval to sell the machines to Florida counties, but in the meantime,
Florida Democrats will try the system out this weekend at their state convention.
The company, Poppulex, will show off its equipment at the state Democratic meeting in Orlando.
That's where that Don Schmendrick is from.
What's his name?
Silio Wright.
That's Sili Dongey, which is a point eight rating.
I'm going to tell you, people, are you in David Ross and at Ronna Finkbitch, you people are crazy people, man.
We had a good taste of you at Paxton, a bad taste.
I mean, let the bad taste in everybody's puts idiots more on.
And you know something? Paxton, look good compared to Chief Channel.
Yeah.
At least he was willing to spend some money for some talent and some equipment.
At least he was like a real make-believe broadcaster, as opposed to you people who are like make-believe, make-believe broadcasters.
Anybody can make buddy-bud Paxton look good.
That's really got to tell you a lot about it.
Poppulex will show off its equipment at the state Democratic meeting in Orlando, making the machines available for delegates in a mock election on various questions on issues that the party is interested in.
While Poppulex is getting a form to show off its equipment, the young company's first voting machine, the Democrats are getting a form to remind voters about past election defuble these, they claim hurt their party.
No!
Who wrote this?
On the Sun Central from the AP.
Florida's 2000 elections fiasco, ba-da-da-da-da-da-da, since then Florida required counties to use certain modern systems eliminating the punch cards that were so maligned after the 2000 election.
Many large counties brought computerized touchscreen machines that vendors claim eliminate most of the mistakes that can be made in elections.
But Democrats say some voters still aren't confident in these systems partly because voters don't trust.
There's any way, especially when die-bold makes them.
There's any way to check computerized votes to make sure they're counted.
One thing is for sure, people across the state of Florida do not have confidence in the electoral process.
Democratic Party Chairman Scott Maddox said Wednesday, touting the popular system and he is...
Absolutely correct sir.
Election supervises dispute that, saying the current systems with some county spend millions on work just fine.
That's what they're saying.
Oh, we're fine.
Very well if I kept saying that too, now she's the harasses out on the street.
We don't think it's necessary to have that kind of paper receipts and Ronald Labaski, a lobbyist for the Florida State Associates and Supervisors of Elections.
We don't think they really serve any purpose other than eliminate people's paranoia.
We did something we want to have our paranoia eliminated and it's not paranoia.
We want to have our fears allayed.
Everybody wants to get allayed.
And we want our fears allayed.
Assuming.
Maddox solicited voting machine companies to provide election machines to be used at the party's convention and asked if anybody provide a paper record.
Poppilex based in West Dundee, Illinois and the Chicago suburbs said it could do that and its president said a Morgan Steen.
Oi!
Join Maddox and demonstrating the system at a news conference yesterday.
Republicans said Floridaians generally like the systems they use now and it's only losing candidates who don't.
I'm just concerned Democrats are trying to bring back the ghost of 2000s.
Start to scare people, said Jeffrey Becker, executive director of the Florida Republican Party, Hubman Dread.
Poppilex would still need federal certification of its system which it's seeking before it could get stated approval to sell to Florida.
Then, county election supervisors could buy it if they want.
Morgan Steen said the company hopes to have someone used by the 2004 election.
Thank you.
God.
The Lord.
Let me say it again.
Here's a very startling announcement.
When you wake up tomorrow, there'll be no more religion.
Mandated.
Bye.
Oh, God.
Okay.
But no seriously, anybody found worshiping in fairy tales going to churches, synagogues, mosques.
All of these people will be sent to Gitmo.
Okay.
And be forced to sniff all of those people down here in Gitmo.
Can you imagine what it smells like there?
No, no, thank you.
Well, look at this from Steve Wolf.
Why do I care about this?
The real Santa Claus is a real Santa Claus.
The real Santa Claus will be there as opposed to those fake ones that you see in the shopping malls.
The real Santa Claus is a wild degenerate who bets on horses and plunges his guts out at the Pompa no Park.
He's also known as Reverend Jones.
You know how you know how you'll know when it's the real Santa Claus?
I give up.
You poke him in the belly and he says, you're gay.
Yeah.
You just stick your finger like the pills very dupel.
You're gay.
Any patrons or track employees that bring a new unwrapped toy or make a $5 donation will get an entry coupon for special drawings that even need to win some great prizes, including vacation trips to the Bahamas.
Santa Claus will arrive by a miniature horse lay after the first race at 705 PM where he'll greet children about candy cane treats.
There will also be free miniature horse cart rides for the kids.
All the toys can cash donated will go to needy children and pomato beach area for the upcoming holidays, especially all the kids that don't throw cats out on the highway.
I find it most amusing that my good friends.
Dick finestein.
Yeah.
Dick fineberg and Steve Wolf are doing the Santa Claus thing.
Why do you just have to exploit everything that's good for business?
Let's see, this is from Mike.
Oh, you know who this is from?
This is from that Mike ox long guy.
Oh, he's got a different name to this.
Could you arrange a trip for all your fans to go with you somewhere?
Maybe they're Bahamas or some other fun place.
No.
I know other radio stations do this frequently.
Please arrange this right after the first year.
Yeah.
Oh, brother.
Is that a hot one?
Yeah, let's go to Vegas.
What do you say?
Yeah, or I got a better ID even than that.
Good ale.
Yeah.
All right.
What do we arrange a trip for our audience?
Yeah, we're going to get sucked into that again.
Oh, not.
Let's see, it says maybe the cats were Persian cats and the perpetrators were being good Americans.
That's a good point.
Persian cats.
It was an arachite.
I'm sure I'm meeting a lot of Persians these days ever since I racked on the hit list.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah.
They don't want to describe themselves as Middle Eastern of any kind or Iraqi, which is what they really are.
So they say, oh, I'm Persian.
Census workers shot dead in Afghanistan.
He's no longer a living Persian.
Condahar Afghanistan suspected Taliban militants ambushed the Convoy of government census workers in southwestern Afghanistan today killing one and wounding 11.
The 60 workers were traveling in a convoy through a fire up province to preliminary work for the country's first national census since 1979.
The attackers waiting along the road in two cars escaped after the assault.
Five of the census workers were in serious condition.
Taliban carried out this attack.
The attackers were not thieves.
They didn't steal anything.
The assault occurred about 110 miles west of Condahar, the capital of neighboring Condahar province.
A tax by pro Taliban and pro al-Qaeda militants have increased in southern and eastern Afghanistan.
I can't imagine why forcing you in a relief agency is to cut back their work there.
Violence was also reported elsewhere in southern Afghanistan.
I can't imagine why those attacks have increased.
Can you?
No, just something.
Weather.
This is not the catch stir.
Well, this isn't that disturbing, but it's disturbing.
This is from the New York Daily News.
The most unpopular bust of them all.
And it's pop like that kind of a sound.
Just when you think you've seen the silliest of summons, here comes another bang-up ticket.
Police wrote Queen's Hospital worker George Palito as summons for making unreasonable noise,
because his son, Christopher, is winning the pool balloon popped on the street.
Huh?
Yes, true story.
Is that incredible or what?
I couldn't believe it, Palito 29 of Queen's Village said last night.
It was just a normal sized party balloon and it was accident.
You'd make more noise closing the door of a police car.
You'd probably make more noise just right.
Cutting some nasty cheese.
Palito's trip into the ticket twilight zone began initially that the afternoon of November 22nd,
when he took his wife, Christine, at 27 and accountant, and sons Chris 9 and Brandon 19 months to a kid's birthday party
to friend's home in the neighborhood in the hood.
Chris was holding a party balloon on a string as the family walked home and it suddenly got away from him
and persons bull riding a hundred fifths street hit the sidewalk and popped.
Yeah, the balloon got away from him.
He didn't even like pop it intentional.
Three cops were at the curb in a car and one of them called me over and said he was giving me a ticket, Palito said.
This is not a joke.
I'm numb.
He said he asked the cop, are you serious?
You're going to give me a ticket for balloon popping?
Better watch the palpon.
Give me a heart, look and ask me, do you think popping a balloon is funny?
Do you think that's funny?
Do I am used?
Do I am used?
You think that's funny?
At that point I just said, give me the ticket, whatever.
Palito said.
When was over?
Palito said my whole family was upset, especially Christopher, because he thought cops were going to take me to jail.
How do you explain what happened to a kid when you don't understand it yourself?
Police declined to comment on the case last night.
Palito hopes to clear things up when he appears in Queen's Criminal Court to answer the summons today.
A rash of silly summons has made headlines earlier this year for transgressions such as using multiple subway seats
or sitting on a milk crate on the sidewalk.
Well, I'll pray that woman was even ticketed for resting on the subway steps.
Police Gras have consistently denied there's a ticket quota.
They lie just like we always get that from our good porkers out there.
Oh, there's no ticket quota.
That's just a lie.
Somebody made that up.
Guess what?
Liar!
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
Here's a fact that says an addition to your poll about George W.
I hate him, but not as much as Moha or David had.
Absolutely.
You think Mo realizes that everyone hates him or you think he feels that it's all stick?
Or is there a oblivious to all the insults?
What an asshole.
It says no Mo, Mo, no Mo.
And then it says then, Silio will kick Mo's ass in the ratings.
Now that is pretty silly.
And look, all sports radio 560.
You ain't way there.
This dick came in.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-Hour.
Mm-hmm.
Hey.
This station presents real American heroes.
Real American heroes.
Today, we salute you, Mr. Seasonal Mall employee.
Seasonal Mall employee.
You dress as Santa Claus and spend all day with sticky screeching children squirming
atop your lap.
Do you do it for the extra cash or because you secretly enjoy it?
I don't got a background check.
You, Mr. Seasonal Mall employee.
Man the free ear-fishing kiosk.
You pull the trigger on that pissing gun.
Proving you are not afraid to get a little holiday blood on your hand.
I hope that thing was narrowed.
Because dawning a red-acop uniform and dosing in your patrol car instead of protecting patrons in the parking lot means you got what it takes to be.
Mr. Seasonal Mall employee.
So the next time you're stuck in the food court because some holiday have with cat locate the cash registers.
Hold the pickles button.
Raise your finger and salute to Mr. Seasonal Mall employee.
A real American hero.
Mr. Seasonal Mall employee.
And one more age, no health benefits either.
Probably one at five sixty WQM Happy Thursday to you.
Got the mad dog at two of the Humphurid Four.
And then we have what's that we got tonight some bizarre thing.
Joe Zagaki, Don Baby Jr. and Clarence Josh Darrell at the UN Touchdown Club banquet.
How embarrassing.
And an embarrassing?
Seven to ten three hours of that crap.
Any K-10 and Joe Mark overnight.
Don't forget, Scott Jr. is in a QM van right in front of the pizza loft right now in Davie.
On university drive lots of free parking at right beyond here when imports but all our best in the merchandise.
We need just ninety five bucks to get to forty three grand.
We should do that like in the first five minutes, right?
Sure.
In fact, wouldn't surprise me if he calls in like momentarily.
Now he's not going to be calling in on a bad line is he?
No, he's calling the inside line in.
Josh will relay the totals.
All right.
Well, give him something to do.
Chronicles from this is bad news for the moment got bad news.
More hate to break the news to you.
Chronicles from gives up effort to freeze bodies in Boka.
A company is given up on a tense to get city approval to build Florida's only chronic facility for humans after officials repeatedly rejected the proposal.
See now if it was like the Ted Williams thing we wouldn't have to freeze most in terrahed just the piece, right?
Suspended animation based in Boka Raton will likely seek a new home for its lab to freeze people's bodies and conduct experiments on rats and dogs, preferably suburbs of Florida.
How about pop it up each? I know some kids that you can conduct them experiments on.
Sure. Cool.
We basically concluded we should be looking elsewhere for a facility CE.
Oh, David Schumacher said last month the city's planning and zoning board voted six nothing to reject the plan.
And city council is said to consider on January 13 where the freezing humans is permitted by city zoning if the company is proposed lab.
I mean, wouldn't you think that every city would have an Arizona regulation something about freezing humans?
Why not?
Well, several council members said they would turn down the company's request again.
It's a.
Oh, what a great line.
City councilwoman Susan Welchell said it's a dead issue.
Well, go whatever your name is.
Nice going Susan.
It's a dead issue.
Cryogenics gained a widespread on this last year when a son of baseball slugger Ted Williams had daddy's body flown to the Alcorillac Extension Foundation facility in Arizona where was chronically frozen.
Cryonic supporters donate their bodies for freezing or sometimes just their heads in the belief that future scientific breakthroughs will allow doctors to bring them back to life or regenerate youthful bodies from DNA.
But critics content is highly unlikely.
My issue was primarily scientific city councilman David Freudonberg who holds a bachelor's degree in chemistry.
What I see them as is a quasi-hocus focus laboratory.
Not totally focused focus but kind of like quasi-hocus focus got the difference right that's like.
Bad news and for water now.
Bad news man.
We got service.
No money.
In a drastic move signaling a culture change in for Lauderdale City Hall commissioners agree to purge the payroll and scale back services to the 12 million dollars for this year.
15 million for next to correct the city's financial ittles they be ill in the for Lauderdale commissioners also send signals to property owners that the years of modest tax increases may be over and they agreed to ask voters in March to tack themselves for a $40 million bond for new fire stations.
A perfect financial storm swept over us this year said city manager Alan Silva.
Silva didn't read the last page of his speech but it was stapled over the type packet it was his resignation.
Silva who was filling in during a search for a permanent city manager was prepared to quit if commissioners were not in sync with him and cutting the budget immediately from beginning to end the meeting was full of surprise and drama.
Police officers and firefighters pick it outside against the layoffs and then packed city hall.
A few firefighters were momentarily stuck at a broken elevator after the decorma of the meeting was broken in the first few seconds Mayor Jim Noggle open the meeting you know him don't you.
When it continued to police officers marched in and peraded around commissioners table and their colleagues clapped loudly.
Since people only seem to be a number in the city shouted for terminal order police union president Tom Magnifesta Noggle's high school classmate I wanted you to put a face with that number.
The sergeant in arms and officer hard to keep peace at the meetings was kept much easier than usual for the next four hours.
Commissioners struggled and argued over what civil would be asking them to do.
Silva said he was told his was a mission impossible at the bureaucracy would stifle him and the culture would resist change and that the commission would blink as they always had in the past but commissioners didn't blink.
In the end with an abrupt angry decision they agreed to uphold civil's recommendations which caused for the city's first layoffs in almost 10 years.
Chief among the cuts is the gutting of the police public service a who handle 20% of the time spent on calls 30 will be laid off.
How many?
I go from being civilian employee to here to having no jobs and Susan Cory 35 a public service aid who was told two days ago she's going to lose her job.
As a formal acceptance of the budget amendments on December 16 the layoffs of 81 city employees can begin that's on top of the work first reduction from vacancies and other 97.
Nobody's gotten all money baby for Lauderdale's up to us.
But I think that.
Broward County or even that's going to help all the money for Broward County that that the ring all the time and some over to for Lauderdale.
I don't think no.
Still haven't heard from anybody was at that hockey game last night.
And what is this?
HG OIC human.
Thank you. Well we're a little slow.
Yes we are.
The new hard to detect steroid check out the size of cops lately it says could be just some hard workouts in the gym.
I know some guys who like cops as matter of fact it is so hard.
Here's another fact from Kate a lady no less Kate says I've been following all the controversy over the touchscreen voting machines the kind with no paper trailer we're seeing including the following.
Paul Krugman wasn't a week ago was it wasn't that the one I read yesterday.
About the paper balance it was yesterday I read it yep because she says about a week ago where it was yesterday.
Current Kate on December 3rd the Cleveland Plain Dealer reported that Ohio sweeping with you electronic voting machines turned up so many potential security flaws in the systems that the state's top elections official is called has called off deploying them in March.
Now Broward County commissioners are looking to replacing our new touchscreen machines which do not provide a receipt however Kate B says I understand they pretty much decided to stay with them as opposed to doing something that makes sense.
And cost less like optical scanners in short she says I predict that November 2004 Broward's general election again will be a fiasco was it take to get through to these people crappy it might as well have Catherine Harris running the show in person she says that's Kate big I'd like to us off.
Isn't it amazing that we used to like have elections with them old voting machines. Yeah with all his high fangled technology.
And then about to assholes came along and decided it was much harder to fix those that it is this new way.
Especially with a hanging chance.
Maybe that's kids name in popinos Chad you think the one or two the cat on the street.
I don't think that was his name.
487 votes on a personal level how do you feel about George W Bush he's a bum link idiot 152 I hate him like poison 127.
He's a compulsive devious liar 91 he means well but he's in over his head 67 he's an honest dedicated public servant 32 6.5% and I really like him.
He's a regular guy 18 3.6% 10.1% say and all everybody else 89.9% and one way or another say no.
No not up to it can't deal with it FBI investigating hate mail sent to black NFL players including one dolphin.
The FBI's investigating hate mail sent to court and former black NFL players during the past year.
A memo sent to players last week by the NFL security department said all the threatening letters came from the same person according yesterday's editions and today's edition of the Palm Beach post.
One Miami dolphin was among the players threatened said stew Weinstein the team security investigator Weinstein declined to identify the player but said the player was alarmed.
It was a threatening later he said I said African-American should be a lot of play professional sports and shouldn't be allowed to make the money that football players make and entertainers make mostly was about the danger of racial mixing in our society.
Oh yeah it's dangerous see that's the American F and way again you know.
In fact you know my dinner I had to I say what my friends from high school my 43rd mini reunion right we were talking about the difference between the US and like European countries in here Canada and years and years ago.
You could go to Europe in very commonplace and see like you know mixed racial couples white woman black guy or the other way around walking hand in hand down the street nobody even bad at an eye lies nobody thought anything of it.
And even now even today and of course you see that here all the time but even today in America when you see that like you know something like an eyebrow was up in here.
100 bucks yes 100 dollars by the way.
Well that's not too bad in 10 minutes we got 100 bucks which puts us over 43 grand right over there at the pizza lot nice going to our scotch junior and quit looking at the sky.
He's he's staring at the moon he wants to see if it will go away the only problem is you can't see the moon at noon even in June but 43 thousand and oh five we're over the 43 mark as we try to march toward 50 grand for abandon pet rescue.
Anyway going on about this it was a threatening letter the NFL advised players to handle such letters with care prevent others from touching them place them in large envelope and turn them over to their team security representative.
There have been 11 or 12 letters directed to prominent individuals throughout the US over the past two years special Asian Robert Hawk of the FBI's Cleveland office told the newspaper on Wednesday no relation to David Hawk the driver at the Northfield downs.
These latest contained veiled threats they were overtures of violent love them.
12 13 at 5 60 WQN I'll tell you who else we love how that Pontiac GMC but now they got a new name auto city Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest and we still love the Nail of us.
Our good friend Tom Laman sold the dealership to Lomberto Perez of auto city view of Pontiac GMC of homestead but you can still expect the same great deals and customer satisfaction you're accustomed to as how it's long time general sales manager Joe Prieto is still in charge he's got his hands on it with a firm grip is what he's saying in the dealership to stop by auto city Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest for great deal risers deals.
All makes the models in stock take advantage of 0% financing from the 72 months or save $9,000 with rebates and incentives right now at auto city Pontiac GMC and the Nail deals like I said continue at 134 1 stop Dixie highway that's US one across from the fall shopping center open every day seven days
week if you want more info on our special deals you know what to do I hope I pray to call the Nail Rogers Nail hotline tool free and 1.883 440 211 that's 1.883 440 211 keep in mind all these offers subject credit approval see the folks at auto city Pontiac GMC for details that's the brand new and exciting auto city Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest low prices without the high prices.
I am the as the by-way champion base well team not long before the series no fans were ever seen now that their chance they have a fan surrounding them like rats who went the celebrating
there ain't no place like home it's sunny it's beautiful man let's get a report for podcast no balls.
It's sunny in a temperature right now is can that be right.
For that's 40.
It wasn't supposed to make no for today it's sunny and 40 man I'll take that a day one too toasty sure.
It's a beautiful thing pastor and twin on trial and Bible beating I want to hear somebody it was at the Panther game or last night I got a million stories here in the city.
I know you like this one.
I'm going to Q.I.M.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Did you have what happened this morning?
What's that with the beef?
No against Moharit.
No I did not.
Oh man somebody asked the beef to do something and he declined it and then Joe Rose asked them why did you decline it?
It's because I hate Moharit David.
Yeah.
Did you hear about that?
Like I said the circles are continues over there in Lloovano and maybe that's in Haley where all the among the people are those kids can be in highly at least look good.
That good do I hear about that.
Did you hear about that George?
No.
About the beast in a city hates Moharit David it like poison.
No I missed that.
Oh five six seven oh five sixty count five sixty on EAT and tea and Verizon wireless line.
Look at this response. Is this incredible or what?
That's July 6th.
That's July 6th.
That's a little bit of mine. QIM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, Bob from Megwin.
Up in the panhandle.
Would you believe you want to know about the dummy of America?
Go ahead, Bob.
About a week or so ago, we had on our test field 26,000-pound bomb
that was getting tested.
And they took my kids out of grammar school and spent the whole day
out in the yard waiting for the bang and the mushroom cloud.
Oh, beauty.
All the damn.
And then yesterday in our paper, everybody that dives,
we had a couple of guys get killed from Hobart Field,
which is right down the road from here.
Everybody that dives is a hero in the town and not to take away from
their service or whatever, but...
I wouldn't call them heroes, I call them victims.
Victims is the optimal word, but they celebrate every single one of them
and these kids that are growing up around here just think that clouds of smoke
from a bomb is an exciting and positive thing.
Isn't that a beautiful thing?
Yeah, it's kind of strange.
I'll see you at the border, Bob.
Yeah.
Take care.
Man.
Okay.
Yeah, I'll see him at the Niagara Falls right at the border.
I think there's going to be a long line pretty soon.
Yeah, I'd better focus on these.
Grave Robbers fixed that next election.
I don't think they're going to have to fix it.
I think they got it.
Oh, don't say that, Neil.
Don't throw in the towel.
We got a year to go.
I'm not throwing in the towel, but I'm just...
I'm expressing honestly.
I don't see any...
The kind of anger, the kind of outrage, the kind of psychosis that there ought to be.
I mean, the Democratic Party is dead as a door kneel.
How would you see it?
Where would you see it?
You'd see it, for example, the way they...
The Medicare Bill in Congress, the way that a whole bunch of them including Susan Feinstein,
Diane Susan Feinstein, rolled over and played dead along with several others.
I think it would nine Democrats.
I'll put that for you to ask go through.
Everything he does, now the timber industry is rubbing their hands together after this forestry thing he signed yesterday.
Everything that this administration does is for the betterment of big business.
That's all.
Did you see the name of the bill?
Jeff DeForest Bill.
The Healthy Forests Act.
I thought it was the Jeff DeForest Bill.
Yeah, they're going to deforest America.
Yeah.
Just another scam for the guy at the timber industry, that's all it was.
If you cut a tree down, it lasts forever.
Yeah, and you can make a lot of paper and send a lot of taxes.
And a public sits back, nothing faces him, markets up again today.
That means the economy must be coming back big time.
Right.
Everything is wonderful, man.
And the fact that all these people are dying every day, it's just, I mean, forget about it.
They're just numbers now.
That's all it is, and they know more just numbers.
Two to day, three tomorrow, a couple on this day.
Then we have a bad day, and there's like 17 at one Saturday.
And not to mention, of course, all the other medicine pain in the ass bystanders were dying too.
Yeah, but they're air.
As part of the war on terror.
Right.
Oh, no, really, it's just, it's mind blowing.
And unless, unless you just totally close your mind to it, it's almost impossible to ignore.
How many stupid, stupid people there can be out there?
It's just amazing how people can buy into it.
You tell them, you tell them, hey, listen, we got some bum information.
There were no weapons of mass destruction.
There were no chemical or biological weapons.
There was no connection between Al-Qaeda and Sodom.
They hated each other like poison.
It was all a big, big lie, or it was just incompetence at best and a lie probably more likely.
And they still don't care.
Oh, but we have the great liberation of the Iraqi people, Operation Iraqi Freedom,
and the media that are playing the stars and stripes forever in a godless America
and a publicist goose stepping along.
And you wonder why that happened in Germany happened?
I don't wonder.
No.
You're seeing it happen running front of your face.
Air means singles thinkin' day.
And you assholes in the media, man.
You're 80% of the problem, okay?
You can blame the bushmeister and the religious right and the chicken hocks and all these people.
But you people have enabled them to do this.
You assholes in the media.
And how short their memories are, man.
Even like Dan Rather.
Well, I'm an American after all.
I don't pretend to be impartial.
Well, it's an accurate.
I guess he forgot about Vietnam too already.
When they brought the 58,000 kids home and bodybags for no god damn good reason at all.
Not to mention, of course, the millions of people who died.
Right.
Depending on the spy standards.
They were gooks who cares.
Yeah, that's right.
There's a whole bunch of them anyway.
They'll make more.
What did I tell you?
When you have a country where a human life is devalued,
it extends that it is in the United States today.
It can't possibly be a great country anymore.
It used to be once upon a time in America.
But it sure is how it isn't no more.
And that's why that's why the United States is hated around the world.
And the Bushes hated especially around the world.
By people who've got an IQ maybe a little bit bigger than your average or redneck.
And that's why that like somebody said, then they will fear you.
And they do fear.
They fear like crazy.
They're scared, schmittless.
What kind of maniacal thing they're going to do next?
And keep in mind, he's only the face man.
That's what's even worse because he don't even have a good face.
I mean, at least if he looked confident, if he was like made a good appearance,
a good bell of a grouper, you know, like Joey Zaza, something like that.
But he doesn't even do that.
Like Ronnie Reagan did, for example.
Yeah, like Reagan with a polished shoe polish hair.
But instead it comes down there with his hair like all must up like Greg Reed.
And he's got the same befuddled look on his face as Greg Reed.
I think George Bush is Greg Reed.
You ever seen together?
No.
Look how Greg screwed up our morning show.
Now we're still trying to recover.
And that's true, he's a snappy dresser.
I think Greg belongs in the dresser.
1226 at 560 WQM.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
That's what Andy Williams used to sing.
How you doing Andy?
He's still alive by the way.
He looks really bad.
Yeah.
But it's not wonderful if you hate to crowded malls and the long register lines
and all the traffic and then the parking hassles when you get where you're going.
So make your gift giving it a little easier this year for you and your loved ones.
A gift certificate from our good close personal pizons at Dylematris.
Call him right now, 1-800-Matris and give him the gift that they'll be thanking you for you in a year out.
Dylematris has got gift certificates in any denomination.
And a new bed for the Master Bedroom makes a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years.
At Dylematris, no phony promises, no bait and swish.
Just discount prices every day and the brand names you know and trust and love.
Now including, Stearns have been at a foster.
In fact, Dylematris has got the lowest prices anywhere on Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
When you call Dylematris at 1-800-Matris, you pick the day in front of time for delivery too.
As you know, any two are Windows 7 days a week when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home
and guess what they show up anytime between 8-10 at night, like Noon to 2, 1-3, 2-4, 3-14 to 5-14.
Honest sales practices fantastic every day at low prices, unbeatable service, same day delivery,
and free setup and removal. All of these things make it easy to understand
by Dylematris' rank the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
So for a service like you dream about, do what all of us at QM are doing now, call Dylematris
and you'll sleep like a baby for years to come. Call 1-800-Matris, 1-800-MATTRES
for the betting experts or online you'refighta-bed-matris.com.
Happy holidays for all your pyzons at Dylematris.
5-8-Local, this is 5-16.
The radio's on your...
Q-A-N!
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
You've turned my beliefs to what you required.
You avoid a link of fire.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion advocates victory and racial hate.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
What we like the best...
I've got the polish to wear!
My religion is better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
You're better than George.
My religion is better than George.
My religion is better than George.
Are you sure?
I'm not sure.
You have a heart for us, movie ghost.
We slaughter plates and dogs and goats.
My religion is better than George.
My religion is better than George.
My religion is better than George.
We were Phoenix, Vincent Bell,
and never ever pay me down.
My religion is better than yours, please.
My religion is better than yours.
Religion is better than yours.
We now endorse the bothers you like overbrushed
if you are new with my religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than yours, religion.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and light our bikes and get to Mary lots of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours, religion.
My religion is better than yours.
Yes.
We now want to use our brain for mindless living on the rate.
My religion is better than yours.
Pastor and twin on trial in Bible beating a 12-year-old
testified Wednesday in Austin, Texas that he was severely beaten
with a tree branch by a church pastor and the pastor's twin brother
to get the devil out of him because he had misbehaved during Bible class.
Joshua and Caleb Thompson, both 23, are accused of the 2002 beating,
which police say was so severe that the boy's kidneys failed and he required a blood transfusion.
The Thompson's face felony charges of serious injury to which
child an aggravated assault with penalties ranging from probation to life in prison
of convicted.
Louis Guerrero, 11 years old at the time, was the first witness as the trial began yesterday.
He said after teachers complaining had been goofing off during Bible class,
pastor Joshua Thompson took him to Caleb Thompson's home where he was beaten
with a branch from a tree in the yard.
He said during the beating, Joshua Thompson called his brother who came to help
hold Guerrero down.
I thought that was father O'Toole usually did.
But these were the ones that were called.
Father Flankin was servicing him.
At one point the boy said he was told to pick up the pieces of the tree branch that
broke during the beating.
He said the beating resumed after one of the brothers got a new stick.
It hurt.
I was trying to move away Guerrero said he said stay still.
During opening arguments Travis County prosecutor Dana Blazitozger is the beating lasted
more than an hour and came the day after a confrontation at church between Joshua Thompson's
wife and the boy's mother.
Oh, after the beating Thompson dropped the boy off at his home and told Guerrero a step
father, the child has the devil in him.
Joshua Thompson's attorney Jerry Goldstein.
Oh, no.
So I'm embarrassed to be Jewish.
I really am.
I mean, I don't want to say it.
Joshua Thompson's attorney Jerry Goldstein acknowledged that his client hit Guerrero with
a switch from a tree and that he suffered injuries.
But Goldstein said the boy's parents practiced similar forms of punishment and then asked
the Thompson's to discipline their child.
He said expert testimonies would show the injuries to the boy's kidneys could not
have come from a tree branch or stick.
Right.
Shame on you.
Cox a hoist Mr. Goldstein.
Oh, brother.
Wow.
Pennsylvania priest found guilty of assault.
You know, you need to have to look hard to find these every day.
I mean, I've been slipping.
I've been slipping because I've been busy taking too many calls like this one online
too.
Q. I. M.
For a good night for us.
You know what I mean?
Cox a hoist pal.
But I was Mr. Goldstein.
Pennsylvania priest is found guilty of assault.
Leviton PA a Serbian orthodox priest accused.
I can't stand them.
Serbian orthodoxes.
What he has accused of pulling a gun on the council president of the church where he
had presented 15 years has been convicted of assault and reckless endangerment.
However, oh, wait till we get to this name.
Oh, man.
Well, you can't see it.
You can't see the piece of paper.
So I can say whatever I want.
A jury found the Reverend Philippe innocent.
It's got a hundred letters in them.
Okay.
Innocent of charges of terrorist threats and unlawful restraints.
Stimming from a fight that both men testified was over who would control church business.
Church business.
How do you like that?
They got into a battle.
He pulled a gun.
Church business.
Commonly known as monkey business.
Mr.
Who was relieved of his past.
After all duties after the December 9th, 2002 argument, the church of the Holy Resurrection
of Christ in Lebanon showed no emotion as the verdict was read on to the he faces six
months to two years in jail on each of the two charges.
Sentencing was set from February the 2th.
Mr.
55 declined to come in after the verdict.
I think there's a whole lot going on that hasn't been brought out.
That is lawyer Patrick M.
Reb.
Reb said there was a power struggle in the church and that the church board asked his
client to resign.
Council members have said that dispute was fueled by tension between older American
board members and younger immigrants who joined more recently.
Another cocktails and another church, the church of the Holy Resurrection of Christ in
Lebanon, PA.
There you go.
All we can say is, oh, I coxlo hoist.
Boston Archdiocese puts mansion on the market.
I mean, it just the hits just keep on coming.
The smitches keeps on coming.
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston has put the Archbishop's mansion one of these
symbols of its prosperity on the market to help pay for.
And by the way, all you starving bastards down there at Latin America and all over the
world who made all those babies because the church told you to do it.
Surprise.
Surprise.
They didn't tell you the whole story.
They didn't tell you the best part.
All you people around the world that are suffering from AIDS and other horrendous diseases
because the church of O'Conumns are a sinful.
Surprise.
They didn't tell you the rest of the story.
See, the religious people are the truly ignorant people.
You don't understand that.
Of course I do.
Superstition.
We'll be the pocused right.
Like that.
You got to be stupid to believe, stupid crap.
To believe ridiculous garbage like that.
Like somebody came down on a cross.
Somebody died on a cross.
Somebody was born a virgin birth which they've told that same story for centuries until they finally
sold it, you know.
It's like writing a same book or making a same movie over and over again.
All of a sudden it's a hit.
It's a freaking hit.
It's stuck.
Yeah.
They threw some crap against the wall and this time it's stuck instead of sliding off like
it usually did.
Got crucified on a cross so that anybody who would believe these grotesque, sex, and mystic
fairy tales would have eternal life.
What are you talking about now?
You people crazy?
What?
It's her to life, baby.
Sign up there.
Right.
That's right.
Guarantee.
And you're going to go to those pearly gates, man.
And you're going to have to face the Lord.
Of course you wouldn't know how you're going to see him because you don't have no body.
You have no eyes.
You have no ears.
You have no heart.
You have no brain.
Of course a lot of you at the brain part.
Well, they got a head start.
That's the head start program.
What foolishness, what, what, what, what, but man has a soul.
Well, let me ask you did dogs write that?
No.
Horses.
No.
A cattle.
No.
Afghan hound.
No.
Cats.
No.
No.
What a surprise.
Men wrote that.
Fie men, four men, not for women, by the way.
No.
Certainly not for animals because the animals are put here for amusement by the Lord.
And food and labor.
And don't forget the mosquitoes.
Like the women were.
And the spiders.
And the snakes.
Nothing like one of them nasty serpents once it gets loose.
The Roman Catholic arts diocese.
Well, a church has a problem with them slippery serpents.
A Boston has put the archbishop's mansion, one of the symbols of its prosperity on a market.
They'll pay for an $85 million settlement with victims of clergy sex abuse, a church official said.
I mean, this is just.
There's no fact in the church.
Astonishing.
And they've only scratched the tip of the iceberg, believe me.
The church will sell the opulent mansion on its brightened grounds, as well as more than 27 acres of surrounding land,
according to the Reverend Christopher Coyne, a church spokesman.
The sale doesn't include the chancery which houses arts diocesan offices or St. John's seminal seminary.
The state three-story mansion built in the 20s has been used as a residence by the last four archbishop's,
but new archbishop Sean P. O'Malley.
And I'll shortly after his installation in July, he wouldn't live in a building.
O'Malley moved to a south end apartment behind the cathedral of the Holy Cross.
Not to be confused with the cathedral of the Holy Cow.
The mansion in land was recently said, but that's the wrong religion, oh, ain't it the Holy Cow?
Yes, it is.
Oh, boy.
I mean, why even said.
The mansion in land was recently assessed in the $14 million barrel state experts.
They'd land could fetch up to 20 million.
Fetch.
The sale of the residence helps fulfill.
He does have a collar.
Right?
Backwards.
Do you think he responds when they say fetch?
The sale of the residence helps fulfill O'Malley's promise that no collection plate money will be used to pay for the record settlement.
Instead, O'Malley presented a plan to the art diocesan finance council,
which the church would take out short-term loans, the fund of settlement then paid back the lenders with proceeds from the sale of the Brighton property and insurance money.
Boston College, a Jesuit university located across the street from the Chanceree,
would be interested in purchasing the property spokesman Jack Dunn said.
And it goes on and on.
Rodrick McLeish Jr., lawyer for hundreds of views, victims said,
I think it's a really good move by the Archbishop.
When Cardinal Law was here, he was living in a beautiful residence,
while so many people were suffering.
Just like the Pope is living in that beautiful residence, and so many people are suffering.
Just like Sister Jean was living in that beautiful residence, while so many poor shleppers are suffering.
Just like Jim and Tanny Faye, we're living in their opulent residence,
while so many shleppers were suffering, and paying for condos that the hadn't been built yet, never were going to be.
You have to equal these yet and something.
Yeah, shut up.
And it's a good tax-free business.
All you people out there want to go into a nice business, work for yourself.
A sucker is born every second.
And how are we doing out there at the pizza loft?
You got any reports from Scott?
Not lately.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
But only be there for two o'clock.
I've got you.
You can go out there and see how freaky he is for yourself.
Believe you may.
He'll be stirred off into space making guttable sounds.
Right in a parking lot, from the world flaming pizza loft on university,
drive behind pure wind imports.
Now, till two for a great cause abandoned pet rescue.
We are sports radio 560, 2 a.m.
Father old tool, guy.
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
This is the I'm the cutest boy and sound.
My car is fast.
My teeth are shining.
I tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding.
Here I am at a famous scoop.
I'm present sharp and I'm acting new.
I got a cheerleader here once they help with my paper.
Better do all the work and maybe later I'll meet the old guy.
I am the American Dream.
I do not think I'm too extreme.
I love my handsome son of a bitch.
I'm gonna get a good job and we're real rich.
Get a good kid.
Women's liberation.
Game creeping all across the nation.
I tell you people I was not a bridge right now.
I fucked this night by the name of president.
You made it a little speech then.
All you tried to make you say ran.
She had the ball in the vice but you left the fuck.
I guess I'm still above but now I choose to quit.
Oh God I am the American Dream.
But now I smell like basil.
I love my miserable son of a bitch.
Am I a horror lady? I don't know who it is.
I wonder wonder wonder what.
So what went out and bought me a leisure suit?
I jingle my chains but I'm still kind of cute.
Gallagher job doing radio come on.
And none of the Jacques can tell I'm a film.
Eventually and me and friends sort of drifted along.
And say, heaven yeah I can take about an hour on the tower a power.
Along as I guess a little gold andAP, no doubt I am the American Dream.
But I Angel of my SHEGAT cuad, till it makes me scream.
And I'm doing it, letting you get ahead.
A little ignite says, thank you, Fred.
Oh God, oh God, I'm so fantastic.
Thanks to Freddie, I'm a sexual stash
to get my name in Bobby Brown.
Watch me now, on Boondown,
and my name is Bobby Brown.
Watch me now, on Boondown,
and my name is Bobby Brown.
Watch me now, on Boondown.
Here's the facts that inspired me to play that.
It says, don't know if you're aware of it. No, I was not.
Were you aware of it? No.
Tent anniversary today, a French zap is tragic death.
As a tribute, would you please play a few songs,
or a few of the songs? Well, there's one.
Fill in a slimy mudgate. There you go, Phil.
Sonny, my God.
Sonny, I want that we have this got the appropriate bleeps in it.
Got some good news here from MoVon.org.
Got my email today. Maybe some other people out there got it as well.
See, we have some great news weeks of on the ground testing.
I've shown that our $87 billion TV ads successfully gets the truth out about President Bush and his policies.
In West Virginia, where we ran the ad,
there was an impressive 4% drop in support for Bush,
and Ohio, where no ad ran, little changed.
Even experts who have been in this field for years were blown away.
So today, we're launching our first really big MoVon voter fund ad buy.
We're putting the $87 million ad to work in several key swing states,
putting up close to $2 million to make sure that every TV viewer in these states
sees the ad multiple times, probably even more times than we've seen at Guy and the Thang,
who have gotten pounded on by the cops.
With a result so far, we know that this ad buy will have a measurable impact.
Now, please help us contribute to the fund this effort by giving $2550 or $100 bucks,
whatever you can.
Remember, every $2 you contribute will be matched by another dollar from our major contributors.
You can watch the $87 million ad and contribute right now ad.
And then it's got by credit card or by check websites.
MoVon voter fund.org.
Got it. Got it.
In the ad, we ask if there's money for Iraq,
why isn't there money for America?
At a time when schools are being closed, prescription drugs are unaffordable for many Americans,
and even police and emergency first responders don't have the funding they need,
the message clearly hits home.
To our knowledge, no one's ever won an ad, this deep so far before an election.
But together we have an opportunity to shape the political landscape.
Now, before President Bush and the Democratic candidates start attacking each other on TV
and the voters tune out.
Our purpose is not to tell voters how to vote, but to educate them about bushes, policies,
and let them decide our test show that the ads are working.
This campaign is a great example of how we'll get our message through by being number,
by being empirical, by being more strategic, and by speaking the truth.
Our purpose is not to tell voters how to vote, but to yadi-yadi.
There you go. Move on.org.
Everybody in the audience ought to be on a right now.
They'd be hopping on it.
And also coming up with some cash.
After the show, I'm going to click on it again and send a thing.
Oh, right.
And George will, too.
Well, he's thinking about it.
How are we doing out there at the pizza loft?
Well, we called Scott, and he said he would count the money and call us back.
So we got more than 100.
Yeah. Yeah. We're over 100.
Oh, man. Where did he come from?
Where are they hiding at ship?
I don't know.
Here's Peter who says, I'm sitting here with my voting card in my hand waiting for a Democratic candidate
to put their balls on the table and show some sort of outrage toward our current administration.
The media spend months blabbing about Clinton as they cigar fist you not know.
And now the public here is nothing about bushes, lives, and lives for oil banner.
Where are the WMDs?
Where is Osama?
How about who's saying, oh, and by the way, the wonderful Medicare reform bill that passed will put me in my small little pharmacy out of business in a couple of years.
Make some room for me and through Mono says Peter.
Okay, Peter.
Come on up.
See at the border.
It's a tall order.
Charles and dear field beat says.
Statistic.
Oh, this is about the kid with a cat, which everybody's really pissed off and foaming in the mouth about.
Statistics from law enforcement, psychologist, netbie, eye profiler, sure that the vast majority of serial killers all started out.
Torturing and killing animals before stalking bigger game.
I know that's true with that Bundy.
Yes.
But you can bet your sweet rosy ass that this piece of garbage and his too slutty friends who are arrested for torturing helpless kittens will only be given counseling instead of the harsh punishment they deserve.
I say anyone who abuses a child or an animal is an obvious threat to society.
And since over half the American public, most of which don't have too random brain cells left to rub together seems to be kind of a down with people preemptive strike mood.
I say let's squash these bastards before they end up on a front page of the paper.
In the name of the press gives them like a green river killer.
Of course, as the traitorous SOB Dennis Miller used to say, that's just my opinion I could be wrong.
Are you not wrong, Charles and dear field beach?
When it doubt.
Take them out and put them put them away somewhere.
I don't mean take them out literally.
Do I well?
PSI did face yesterday about the Indian test pattern.
I promised not to turn the chronic I know too late.
Are you okay, Charles?
You've been back to back side by each.
Just don't do it again too soon.
Right on with Dennis Miller too.
Oh, peace or crap.
Peace or turd?
Nazi.
Bastard.
Girlfriend bites boyfriends tongue off.
Which of the kids this young lovers can sometimes lose their heads but young man in which of the tallas part of his tongue police said.
Police were called to a loud fight about 9 p.m. Monday night at the home on the east side of the state's largest city.
Which of the tall officers gave this report after the argument the boyfriend tried to give the girlfriend a make up kiss.
Instead she bit off a large part of his tongue.
Don't cut.
Police recovered the peace and it was reattached to the which of the hospital.
How do you like that?
That's good.
Recovered his peace.
What, look at what happened if it was mal.
Absolutely.
They could have tried to reattach his peace.
The young woman faces charges of aggravated battery.
Police said the boyfriend faces simple battery charges.
I say.
Bishop's the pressure Catholic politician.
Oh man.
It just never stops.
It never, never, ever stops.
But let's get a whole bunch of great calls in here.
What do you say?
How's that pool coming on a personal level?
How do you feel about President George W. Bush?
500 81 votes.
He's a bumbley idiot. 179.
I hate him like poison 156.
He's a compulsive, devious liar.
107.
He means well, but he's over his head.
79.
He's an honest, dedicated public servant 38.
And I really like him.
He's a regular guy, a regular boy.
22.
So he had those last two categories together.
He got 10.5%.
Make a little bit of a comeback there.
Nice going.
Move it up a little bit in the world.
10.5%.
Oh, wait a minute.
Lion one is working again.
Can that be true?
Maybe.
Did fix it.
Fix it.
Yeah.
For now.
W.C.Y.M.
A.N.L.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, I was at Montreal last summer.
Yeah.
It was pretty good city.
Yeah.
Yeah, you know, it was pretty clean.
It is clean.
Yeah.
You're right.
People are really ugly though.
Everybody there is ugly.
I think girls are pretty hot.
They're about a number of guys, like two to one.
I saw only two hot looking young women in a whole city.
And all the rest of the people looked like there.
Like I said, like the spaceship landed.
Yeah.
Maybe they were hiding underground.
I think it's under our Clark's basement.
It could be.
All right.
Thank you.
Don't go to Montreal folks unless you like.
I mean, I'm not saying when you go somewhere,
people have to all be really hot looking.
But you don't want to go to a place where everybody is ugly.
You can sit and look in the mirror for that.
God.
Jesus.
K. Christ.
Oh, there he goes again.
And he even vassered that atheist son of a bitch.
See, nobody wants to free up their brain.
This is the problem in America because America.
All the westernized countries you do understand is by far and away the most religious.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
And that's one of the big problems because when you buy into the fairy tales,
it takes away your ability to reason and think for yourself.
When you buy the bubble mists, it's the idea when you're a little kid.
The Santa Claus stuff into God's stuff and the two furry stuff.
Well, by the way, it's almost Christmas.
There's no Santa Claus.
We don't want to spoil anybody's fun.
But you know, any holiday that's based on a series of lies is probably not a good idea.
No, it's not.
W.A.K.Y.M.
Hi.
I'd like to give you guys some breaking news on this President Bush visit to Iraq.
Yes.
Breaking news.
Yes.
MSNBC just now.
Yeah.
The, they just reported that the turkey that President Bush was holding was actually fake.
It was actually fake and it was and a lot of the food that they, that they, that they show.
I had to start on an hour ago, but thanks very much for your broken news.
The, the story.
Well, first of all, wasn't the fake turkey.
It was a stump turkey.
See, there's a different right already had that answer.
Thank you so very much, but as usual MSNBC, they lay in the turkey short.
And nobody's watching.
Oh, you know what I want to play because I haven't played it yet.
I got to play it.
I miss this boring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeming up with radio's original bad boy, who now looks like an F.D.O. radio.
Listen Bernie, I'm a sell-in internist coffee sush.
Yes, every morning, see I'm a sluss and do a tape of other people's car.
Why, I'm the air.
I did a hammer to bite into this muffin just so many of you have pressed one plate like you.
See his wild behind the scenes addicts.
Listen to me, stupid.
I am the Iman, you are the walrus cuckoca choon.
Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire.
I am a he's irreverent.
So what's the deal to pull?
He's topical.
So what's the deal with this watergate right now?
He's incoherent.
I'll tell you what, that's a government president.
What the hell is this?
I don't know.
He's I'm a sendy-shoring.
And he's only on MSNBC.
A people channel nobody watches.
And a bunch of AM radio stations, nobody listens to.
And when somebody gets some fresh jingle.
It's Iman.
I'll take it one thing for sure.
No matter what was on that planet, there were at least two turkeys in it.
And then I miss all.
Follow.
Follow as it gets.
5, 6, 7.
We haven't heard from anybody who was at that panther.
Ottawa debacle last night.
Tell us how many people really were there at the Macarena.
Even though the newspaper.
I mean, you people in the NHL.
You can keep lying and make it up to these numbers all you want.
That doesn't make it so and doesn't bring in any revenue.
Kind of like a psychological game there plan.
Oh, if we tell them a whole bunch of people really were there,
then they'll want to come and see it too.
Right.
W-D-Q-A-M?
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, is Dennis Miller originally from Pittsburgh?
I have no idea.
He's from Hungary.
Okay, good call.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
It's me, I'm here.
W-D-Q-A-M?
Q-A-M, hello.
Okay, like I said, we put a little bit too much pressure on these people.
They're starting to crumble now.
Can't handle it.
W-D-Q-A-M?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, is it forever to talk to Neil?
Is it forever and a day?
Does it take forever?
No, you're talking to him right now.
You can't get any quicker than that.
Oh, Neil, hey, what's up?
I heard you, I miss bit.
And I know you don't listen to Howard, but this morning, apparently I miss
was calling Howard and bitch or something.
Yeah.
So he's been waiting for that.
Right now, he's stirring or Howard, David?
No, Howard's stirring.
But either one, either one.
But anyway, Stern had his, you know, one of his guys get him on the line.
And he was stirring, was ran and raven.
I'm going to expose this guy.
I'm going to finish him.
He gets him on the line.
And he starts saying something about his daughter.
I have no idea what his story is.
And so I miss his fit there.
And all of a sudden, he just goes straight up and he hangs up.
That was it.
He's a real man, a real man that way.
Oh, yeah, you can tell that a real dead man in a chair.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
All right, man, bye.
See ya.
When I was certain, sweetened to the point, good.
Anything bad that happens to I'm as we like, because first of all, he's a right wing asshole.
Even though Howard, the sternum, I still, even though he, like, kind of sucked around during all this, a rat crab.
But I'm as he's just a nasty, chromer, gin, a sour piece of crap, an old man in the chair.
That bit is perfect.
Perfect.
How's the numbers coming over there?
Scott, is he still counting it?
He hasn't called back.
He's still measuring it.
You're lying and low.
This is sports when you're fighting.
You're the QAM.
Still running to two hours?
Would you like to become a sports color commentator on client time television?
Then why not enroll in a Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting?
Okay, Blaze, let's start at square one.
It's not a ball, it's a face skin, okay?
It's not a flame field, it's a gridiron, and never, ever call them a crab when you can refer to them as a teaming multitude of kinetic energy.
Okay.
At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, learn how to fill time between plays with spontaneous down to earth better to which the working may can easily relate.
Okay, class, repeat after me, here we go.
I haven't seen blocking like that since the cavalry sequence in Prince of a Nation.
I haven't seen blocking like that since...
At the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting, Dennis Miller himself will teach you how to construct entire sentences using nothing but made up words.
Oh man, now, when an obstetacious malaprism of unfiliated, nine and six.
So if you were a fan of such legendary sportscasters as John Matten, Terry Bradshaw, and Don Meredith, then you should attend the Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting and become nothing like them.
I folks, I'm Dennis Miller reminding you that classes that start this week will have you on the air making references to the House of Plantage in it at just six weeks.
The Dennis Miller School of Broadcasting in world today before Dennis is unceremoniously fired at the end of the season.
He's an asshole.
Hey, man, 101 at 560 W.C. Now, is this the president here doing the cheerleading?
Yes it is.
How do you like that?
A young George W. Bush cheerleading football game.
Bring him on!
Bring him on!
He doesn't have the cowboy head on though, that's what he really needs.
500 W.C.
Let's see, a couple of polls.
Here's an interesting one right now from the Fudge Report.
You're like this.
Hey, on MSNBC right now, Rushlin-Bodd met state attorneys how to seize his medical records.
Oh no!
Rushlin-Bodd became addicted to a presumption of drug investigation.
Rushlin-Bodd became addicted to a prescription drug during legitimate medical treatment.
He has publicly admitted this problem and has successfully sought treatment, which continues to this day.
We will not speculate on why the state attorney's office is handling Mr. Limbaugh's case the way it is.
But what should be a responsible investigation, you know, and more like a case-
I'm not going to show the time ago.
Reading a statement.
I'm not going to show the time.
Let's go back.
I'm not going to show the time.
I'm not going to show the time ago.
Let's go back.
I'm not going to show the time ago.
I'm not going to show the time ago.
Go see the time ago.
He had been talking about the political matters and he went back to that.
I said, you went to statement twice.
And unless he's sitting here and thinking of anyone else now, I believe that we should know the timing.
The timing is, is..
Oh, that's Miss Mark Potter from a West Palm Beach reporting.
The announcement that the State Attorney's Office would announce that the C-director is
from his doctorate, obviously.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
And the Palm Beach State Attorney, do we know how extensive their investigation is?
Well, I have been read to believe by talking to sources over the last few weeks that they
are taking this investigation very seriously.
How's that?
They are doing it competently, they are doing it thoroughly.
And all of them are concerned for the political pressures that might be involved with you
are looking at somebody, the reputation of the Mr. Limbo here as a well-known individual.
Well, there you go.
That's a good news, okay?
Record sees from four of Limbo's doctors as the Palm Beach County investigation goes on.
You haven't seen nothing yet, you'll see.
Yeah, I'll see.
It seems I'm going to go rush right out, I shouldn't have said that.
And see if the new inquirer's out, because as soon as that inquirer comes out, you know
it's going to be like another bomb, so they're going to drop you and smell it.
And nothing's going to happen.
You think?
I know.
I think he's going to get just as much punishment as Michael Jackson and Dojay.
And O.J.?
None.
$500, by the way.
$500 bucks, that's not too good.
We'll take it.
But that's in the first hour, which means that we didn't end up 500 this hour over there
to pizza lot.
We could do a thousand.
And that would be not too all that bad.
Because everybody this year is just belly-icking about having a tough time raising money for charity.
And we'll, you know, we won't be happy with 50 grand for a band of pet rescue.
It's about half what we hope for, but it's, you know, it'll help.
And they'll be very grateful for it.
I guarantee you that.
By the way, I just want to go on record that I smell poison gas.
So if I should follow over, I just want that out there.
Poison gas?
Or maybe most bag tipped over in the other studio?
You don't have a clearance go and check it out.
I'd say, I can't think of anybody else.
Dean increases lead as Clark challenges carry for a second place among Democrats in New
Hampshire.
Here's the latest poll from his fudge from the American Research Group.
Receiving a boost from registered Democrats, former Vermont Governor Howard Dean has increased
his lead in ballot preference among likely Democratic voters in the New Hampshire Democratic
presidential preference primary, according to the latest New Hampshire poll.
Wait to near the lead.
Dean has got 45 percent.
John Kerry 13 percent.
That's a 32 point lead.
And West Clark's got 11 percent.
General West who likes his deli and who had a Jewish father.
Valid preferences for the six other major candidates remain in single digits.
You want to know what they are?
Okay.
Carol mostly brought his got.
Oh.
Okay.
John Edwards 3 Dick Gebhardt 5 percent of New Hampshire voters like Dick.
Dennis Cassinich has got 2 percent.
Julie Roman 5 percent.
Keep in mind Julie Roman's from Connecticut, which is right down the Hershey highway from
New Hampshire.
Only 5 percent.
Al Sharpton 1 percent up from his previous few months.
Undecided 15 percent.
Ready for that?
Okay.
These are likely Democratic primary voters.
And then it's got to go.
It goes all the way back to the early part of this goes on and on and asking about vera
awareness and favorability favorable on favor.
All of these other things.
This goes on pages and pages.
Thanks a lot, Miss Fudge.
You piece of crap.
You self-hating little muddy cone with a silly hat and a gigantic ball spot.
Another poll, a growing number of Americans 7 and 10.
That sounds like 70 percent to me if my math is correct.
Doesn't think the war in Iraq has reduced the threat of terrorism quite a pull out yesterday.
So it says USA today yesterday.
Fewer than half felt that way in April during the war.
President Bush and members of his administration frequently say the efforts in Iraq are central
to winning the war on terror.
The poll by the program on international policy attitudes at the University of Maryland
also found strong support 71 percent for the United Nations to take the lead in helping
establish a stable government in Iraq that's up from half who felt that way in April.
Despite apparent uneasiness with this country's military presence in Iraq,
two-thirds said they don't think US troops should withdraw unless until there's a stable government
that's down 14 points from April, however.
So there you go.
As we're in a catch-22, man, he got us in a bind in a quagmire and we have no way out.
But they'll find a way up before election time.
You can bet clearance is life on that.
Okay.
You got my permission.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless lines.
Still searching for one Panther fan or Ottawa fan was at that game at the Macaroon last night.
In a crowd you could have put in your living room and have room after all left over to the Chinese army.
WDQYM.
QA, let me talk to Neil.
WDQYM.
Fade-Ail.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to ask you, are you serious about giving $50,000 to a band and pet rescue?
How about you, Pardon?
Is this Neil Rogers?
Yes.
Yeah, are you serious about giving $50,000 to a band and pet rescue?
I don't understand the question.
That's going to be our total.
That's what we're hoping for.
Why?
You're going to give that to a band and pet rescue, right?
Yeah.
Say one more time.
Why don't you give it to a worthy charity?
That's like bush giving to 87 billionaires.
Okay, great.
Schmuck.
Moron.
Asshole.
Maybe I like dogs better than I like you.
I mean, no contest, is there?
No.
No.
A lot better.
And they probably got bigger brain than you do.
567-0560.
And by the way, how much is this guy giving?
Oh!
Big old.
Okay, see, always having excuse.
Oh, it's always has been, always a two controversial, it was Planned Parenthood.
It was Center One.
Oh, that's a fag thing, you know?
Or it was, uh, the only time it was never controversial was Committal's House.
And I really regret that we ever raised a dime for them.
I was thinking about it yesterday, not only we raised probably over a million dollars for them over the years,
but we also got the, uh, one of the dealerships that own that station wagon, remember that?
I was thinking about it the other day too.
What a coincidence.
I was out there.
So that one of the priests over there could probably drive around them little boys, you know, around town, the altar boys,
so they could deliver them right to the archbishop or something like that.
So I regret having ever raised a dime for Committal's House,
but the money used to pour in the mail every day because from their mailing list, all the old Yentos,
oh, yes, they'd send in and donate 50 and 100 and whatever.
And every other charity that we've tried to raise money, was like pulling teeth.
So they're very lame excuse for being a cheap prick, okay, asshole.
I'm sure he's good donating to a worthy charity.
Right.
Sure.
Like his fat ass.
WQ I am.
For being a cheap prick, okay, I talked to New York police.
Speaking.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Okay, deadhead.
Another stop Florida, deadhead.
What a shock.
WQ I am.
You know, yes, sir.
Hey, question for you, please, sir.
Yes.
And that would be, I need your ear, if you want to be an expert, we're going to go over and we're planning on not to answer to him.
Is how far is it to the countryside or should we not rent a car?
Now, what do you mean to the countryside?
I don't know.
What does that question mean?
Out to be like the criminals and stuff like that, the castles and stuff like that.
Castles and windmills?
Yeah, northern.
I'd stay home.
This guy's tilting at windmills, man.
Not necessarily.
Have you ever heard a call like that in your life?
Not trying to answer that.
He's trying to answer that.
Or flying into a bed.
I don't even want to know where they're going after that.
And he's going to be tilting at windmills.
Oh.
Windmills and palaces.
Waring wooden shoes.
Well, I hate to break the nose.
The Royal Palace is one of the few that I know of in Holland.
And that's like right right in the middle, right by Dan, that Dan square.
Yeah, the Royal Palace.
I am still Dan.
Wants to go see windmills.
And I hope he puts on some wooden shoes too for a crime.
I'll even show his little respect, wouldn't you?
On that Dan rack.
In fact, I think we ought to put that guy on that Dan rack.
If you ask me, along with that little kid and his two friends,
that were diddling with them cats.
I think we ought to round up that kid in Pompo-no,
that little 13-year-old kid in his two girlfriends,
there were sisters, whatever, he'll be worth.
And we ought to get that guy to call before.
And then this guy.
And I'll put him on the Dan rack.
What do you think?
All right.
Or at least rack him up.
Throw them into traffic.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
On a personal level, how do you feel about George W. Bush?
Let me give you a clue as how I feel.
He's a bumbling idiot, 194, 624 votes.
I hate him like poison 163.
I'm proud to say that George and I both voted that.
He's a compulsive, devious liar, 112.
He means well, but he's over his head, 88.
He's an honest, dedicated public servant, 42.
And I really like him.
He's a regular guy.
I didn't know, maybe my mom voted on that,
because she probably thinks it's about ball movements.
He's a regular guy, 25, 4%, 10.7% have good things to say about this president.
I'm just sitting here, you know, thinking about tilting at windmills.
I'm thinking about seeing Todd Rex skewered on the end of a long spear.
All right.
Hanging right over in the front of the QA and holding over there.
In fact, they could make, put him up with a flag.
Is there an amazet head?
Yeah.
Todd Rex.
Just bleeding profusely.
Oh, imagine that for a few minutes.
Okay, brings a smile to my push.
And imagine this on your next mortgage.
Imagine zero closing cost, zero application fee.
You know something now that I finally after all of these years,
nowhere that the thing is in the DCS.
There's an hour can fill in this boom that we have in here, you know.
Imagine zero closing cost, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now with an interest rate of just 1.95%.
That's only $738 a month if you have for example a $200,000 loan.
Once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing cost again.
So if you'd like to find out more about this, call 1-809-409.
Be sure and tell me the Todd Rex.
Told you to call.
Grab real financing.
Part with that low rate mortgage.
You can move your next property without further cost or expense.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
Call 1-809-409 for the tales.
It's a whole new way to buy.
Zero underwriting fee.
Zero dock fees.
Zero prepayment petalty.
And zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
So get yourself financing at that amazing low 1.95% rate
and never pay closing cost again.
Call financial group today 1-809-409-409.
Either an equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
Buy and local.
Here's sports radio 5.60, she wins.
You AIM.
You can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy.
You should try girls.
No.
I always stand arranged for most of my life.
Yeah.
I'm gonna change my mood, I'm gonna make it defense, gonna be your wife
As I turn on the baby, oh, it's in up my nose, this lose is growing more now
I'm talking to kids, my sheets, from the night with me, can deny I'm a guy defending corporate enemies
I gotta think for times, and plastic surgery lies, come a woman, please show
I follow it by tomorrow, here it goes, the fun news I know where I'm going
And the next thing you know, I'm looking at the man in the prison
He's asking me to bend his way, the no message could have been any clearer
If you wanna make your world, I'm meant to bleach, Michael dropped the soap and bend his way
When I stayed in your life, Bart and Michael just shared the same fake, you know
Ah, we didn't do nothing, they didn't do nothing, there's celebrities, man, there icons, what's wrong with you?
I can't stand it, you just don't get it
Oh no, why are you sending me copy when I'm in the middle of a pretty important stuff out of it?
Now who's the count as that?
Troy
Oh Troy, Troy's a good man, Troy Stratford, good guy, he couldn't run, he ran like an old lady with her legs tied together
But so did Larry Zaka, the difference between Larry used to get in, again, he turns the yarded, Troy didn't go nowhere
Troy says he'll be more than happy to help you with any pronunciation problems you might have in that copy
Really?
Yeah, that's what he said
Is this the guy who talks about Charles Alpharri?
That's him
It's a long way to tip Alpharri, I'll tell you that
Ten commandments just to fight for job
Now where's the importance to right hand?
Another shooting report on Ohio freeway
Since the thirties began connecting shootings in Columbus, Ohio
There's been at least one more on the same short stretch of freeway south of Columbus
Police told the Columbus dispatched for today's edition
A woman reported, yes, oh this is Tuesday
That a bullet hit her car on Sunday, six days after past her another car was killed
That's old news, we don't like old news, okay?
By the way, Lincoln's got a headache
And Chris Radford's ball to say a bowling ball
Ten commandments just to fight for job
I thought see I was scouring under during a break hoping I'd find a little more on rush
But it's just breaking news, baby, breaking news, the Palm Beach County investigation continues on his fat ass
Judge Roy Moore, and you know, everybody just lets him off the hook
There's no conversation about the fact that that hearing loss that everybody was supposed to feel so sorry and shocked
And appalled about it was because he was popping all those damn drugs
Which just happens to be a side effect of all that crappy was taken that hillbilly heroin man
Hempichritical tubichrit and it goes to show you the right wing, forget about them
You're not gonna penetrate them
They're hopeless, don't confuse them with the facts
He was in pain
They're a bunch of mindless idiots, mindless hypocrites, it's like all the board again Christians men
Oh the Lord says don't do this and in the meantime they're all doing it
Right?
You can't do this and you can't do that, but they're all doing it
Yeah, but shut up
Ha ha ha ha
Speaking of assholes, Judge Roy Moore opted from the Alabama Supreme Court for refusing to move that Ten Commandments monument for these stage initial building rotunda
And out today he's gonna fight to get his job back
You go boy, far
And don't come back
Moore issued a statement saying he'll file an appeal of his removal from Orifice with the Alabama Supreme Court by December 10
Which sounds like six days from today
The Alabama Court of the Egenish Area moved more from office November 13th for refusing to obey a federal court order to remove the granite monument
He had installed the court building's public rotunda
Moore's appeal would go before the court where he served for three years and he was achieved justice
He did not indicate what arguments he'd used in the appeal
Maybe he told the Lord told him to do it
Right?
Yeah, sure
I told him to stick it in there
No, I just told him to stick it
AFLCIO calls for probing a Miami police
Good
The AFLCIO asked yesterday for state and federal investigators into police conduct during protest outside the free trade area of the America's meeting last month
A letter to U.S. Attorney General John Ascroft and Governor Jeb Bush also asked them to prosecute anyone
Who abuse civil liberties and call for the resignation of Miami police chief John Timiny
He's a lipless dweeb
Asshole, yeah
The protest, oh you mean Ascroft Bush or Timiny?
All of the above
The protest grew sporadically violent in the final days of the trade talks some of the thousands of demonstrators to robbed it and fired slingshots at officers
Police had protestors with batons, zapped them with stun guns and dispersed them with tear gas and pepper spray balls
More than 200 people were arrested
Oh my god, they got hit with balls
Yeah
Hustle like Joe Castello
The letter from the AFLCIO president John Swini said police blocked access to a union rally car off a peaceful march
And once confrontation started did not give crowds safe for a route to leave
Timiny wrote earlier the labor group defending his office
They're saying they tried to avoid using force
But he added that the department will review its work and issue a report on the jack booted Nazi fascists
A spokesman for Bush defended the policy conduct yesterday the governor thought that law enforcement officials and software did a phenomenal job
Miami avoided the mass violence that disrupted similar events in Seattle and cancun Alaya Farage said
Alaya Alia, whatever the hell his name is, him or him or shim
So I thought I had like a real hot story there and it turns out it's from Tuesday
Oh well
Here's one though
In case anybody out there wants to buy some auto nation stock AN
Do you want to buy some?
No thank you
Don't
Fort Lauderdale billionaire H. Wayne Heizinger continues to trim his auto nation holdings
He's unloading it
This time an investment partnership led by the ex-alternation chairman sold from Friday through Tuesday
635,800 shares for an average of 1760 a share totaling 11.2 million dollars
Since November 19, Heizinger investments limited a sold more than 2.2 million auto nation shares
Or 38% of the partnership solding for a combined 38.9 million
The partnership continues to hold 3.6 million shares or about 1.3% of auto nation shares outstanding of October 27th
He's stopping it baby he's unloading it
Old baldy there
Let's take up a collection for baldy and he don't want to give the marlins a better deal
You want to know why because he's a prick?
Is that why?
Yeah that's why because he has a selfish prick
I'm not in it for the fans I'm in it for the money
Aww poor baby
Don't you feel bad for him?
Don't you want to go out on the street corner there with a tin cup in your hand
And start taking up a collection for poor Wayne so maybe he can get some here?
God almighty
Cannot stand it
Now line 9 is ringing, you know it's going to be excellent don't you?
WQA am line 9
Neil
Yes sir
You want the kids name that slung the cat out into traffic?
No
56070560, pound 560 on the AT&T
And Verizon wireless line
If the police aren't releasing the enemies of minor we can't be putting that on a year okay
We'll win in addition to which how to help the we know if this guy's
I could say John Schwartz did it okay
I could say Tom Smith did it
Ted Dennis, any Dennis
I could say any Davis Jr. did it, anybody
Right? Right?
I could say Don McAlmary did it, only he's dead
Remember Don McAlmary?
No
How about Wayne?
No
WQA am
QA am
WQA am, hello
Neil please
Yes sir speaking
Neil
Yes
Windmills and Ann Arches
Yes sir
WQA am
Neil
Yes sir
My question for you
Go ahead
You went over to some of the hospitals that might have to over the burn unit or so does the cancer unit
Yes sir I got it
Oh if that same asshole again
Who's going to tell us what we're going to give the money to?
Sir we select our charities every year based on what we want to okay
There's plenty of people raising money for things like that
There aren't nearly enough people raising money for charities like this one okay
We'll raise the money for whatever to help we care about
In addition to which people don't ever they have almost never given any money because of what we were raising the money for they want to merchandise
They want the CD they want the key chain whatever the hell is they we don't give a flying crap okay just like you
So next year what we'll do is we'll call you and ask and then whatever you suggest we'll throw it out
WQA am
Yes Neil
Yes sir
How are you doing good afternoon?
I'm doing great
Listen I was wondering if you had a chance to
I did some some research about this for my thesis and at the University of Chicago
Yes sir
And I research similarities in the reconstruction efforts going on now in Iraq and Afghanistan
And the reconstruction effort you mean after we blew it to pieces now we're trying to build it back up again with American taxpayers money right?
Hang on just a second you'll give me a chance
Go ahead
And the efforts that the United States underwent in Germany after World War II
Now if you read for example the New York Times today and the New York Times articles and the New York Times back then
Are you going to find a lot of similarities?
Oh the Marshall Plan is what this is huh?
No I didn't say that
See the difference is the difference is that Germany was trying to take over the world they invaded Czechoslovakia and Poland and France and England and Russia
That's the difference okay
Iraq didn't invade nobody except back in the first Gulf war when he invaded Kuwait
And the only reason we cared about that is after we gave him Kuwait not not is that our friends the Saudis were starting to pee in their pants
And they thought that he was going to go in there next we said oh you better not do that so we better get him out of there
Even though we left him there see
New York Times this is New York Times that it's like the Marshall Plan the rebuilding of Iraq
You know sir you're pathetic you're tragic
There are young people dying over there every single day
And for no good reason then assholes like you are trying to try to intellectualize it
Trying to find some good reason okay
And you've had articles on the website about the differences like how all of the bidding was done in the open in the day
That's right
That's right, very careful to eliminate war profiteering etc
As opposed to these no big contracts given the vex how my halibut and so that our vice president all of his corporate buddies
Can just get their hands deep inside those Iraqi pockets okay and hook up the old hose. It's a big hose job pal
Kill some people
That drag right off their heads
We're gonna pop around for like tonight we're gonna bomb bomb bomb
After lights we're gonna bomb gonna bomb around for like tonight
Absolutely
Here's a real gun bomb so have a blast we're going to dump that all up your ass we're gonna bomb around the clock tonight
We're gonna bomb bomb bomb up after lights we're gonna bomb gonna bomb around the clock tonight
Hey that massive Iraqi reconstruction baby it's going great in it
Reconstruction see I always think like if I come to your house and I like blow it up and I say oh guess what don't worry though because I'll build it back for one of these days
Really nice
Like they were shown some of the police stations the other day I don't know if you saw the piece on the news
And they were complaining about the fact that they have no telephones they have no computers and then they showed the exterior the building and of course it's all smashed to smithereens by the bombing that we did
Those in great still bitching
They said that they probably could do a lot better police work and of course they said one of the biggest mistakes that Paul Bremmer did was dismantling the Iraqi play he fired all the police
Now did we have enough troops underground and we have enough trained security people do a handle it no we did not so they fired all the Iraqi police and I think I started over again
Yeah which point my point is that that punk ought to like go back to a kindergarten okay and by the way get a different topic for your thesis okay
Like perhaps something about magic undergarments that the Mormons would be good I don't believe that anyways like the other punk
What other punk the one that always called from FIU and said I'm a student of this and I'm working on this paper and therefore blah blah blah
No no what do you mean by that most of the students in America can't even find the state that they live on a map of the US so what are you talking about?
It's exactly so just like all these people with a big mouse in their big opinions they couldn't find Iraq on a map of the world if you stick an oozia up there and
back to whether that right now 90% of Americans couldn't find Iraq with either one of their hands
In fact about half of them couldn't find anything with either one of their hands well some of them don't have it
Good year blimp crashes in California oh my god Carson California a camera man inside a good year blimp was injured when the
Smitty way to crash the good year camera man inside the blimp scandal heard his knee was transported to a hospital said Sergeant Paul Rice of the
LA County Sheriff's Department that pilot of the blimp called the spirit of America was not injured nobody else was on board and there were no
Other injuries where I said Carlson is a suburb south of LA a good year representative to climb comment early today good year operates three
The airships in the US the others are housed in Echorno Highland of course as we know
Poppano Beach when a kid was out there put throwing cats in front of the traffic along with his two frickin sisters you think
As sisters are frickin as we speak maybe that's their names maybe their sisters are named frickin Frank on a personal level
Let's take a look at this poll again because we're approaching 700 votes we're approaching
A spectator well look at that 667 we just must add 666 moments ago
The mark of the beast what was that was it the Omen right Gregory Peck and then Omen who was they never should have made with William Holden
I think that's why William Holden died he was so embarrassed for making Gregory for Gregory Peck's the sequeler
In fact he was holding it when he died but he didn't stop there either there was the Omen 3 I don't think I've ever seen that one
That was a adult Damien was an adult flick was he doing it?
669 votes on a personal level how do you feel about George W. Bush he's a bumbling idiot 209 I hate him like poison 175
He's a compulsive devious liar 120 not too good there he means well that he's over his head 93 not exactly like I said a real ringing endorsement
He's an honest dedicated public servant 45 and I really like him he's a regular guy 27 up to 10.7% approval rating now in his audience
Right they like him he's a regular guy goy Bill Clinton is still tangled up in legal hits his longtime Memphis Paul of Jones reports the New York post online
In the latest twist of the 13 year second that he businessmen and Senate wannabe Abe Hershtrel member Abe Holtre
Right who's being sued by Jones is seeking to depose the former president
Jones is suing Hershtrel then Manhattan federal court for allegedly be nicking on a promise 1998 to pay her a million dollars if she settler sexual harassment case against Clinton
The former Arkansas State workers settled for 850 grand but the eccentric 83 year old never paid up court paper said
Abe Hershtrel looks central to the other how can he still be alive?
I don't know.
Clinton's attorney David Kendall has moved to Quashhurst felt subpoena for deposition arguing the ex president has no special knowledge of the dispute
Abe Hershtrel aka like that.
See now we were lucky in that case because usually it's the slime from New York that winds up in South Florida but in this case the slime from South Florida
lined up in New York nice going eight about time pay back.
Good move for us.
5 6 7 0 5 60 if we don't have somebody who was at that game last night by two o'clock I'm going to be so distraught on my go to lunch.
Wtq I am.
Nioh.
Yes sir.
I just learned a way in on this situation since daddy I think those cops you know I don't think as I was they did a Rubin stutter like that you know.
That's not right.
I don't think they never they're a mess and he's the American idol.
Yeah.
Cute.
5 6 who want to meet about the pumps out there sitting with their fist on it right now.
Wtq I am.
Q a.m.
Hello.
Hello is this Nioh Roger show?
Yes ma'am.
I want to participate in the poll or is it already closed?
No the poll is wide open.
Okay I think George Bush is a pombo immediate.
Okay.
Good choice thank you very much.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
He's a little over your nice evening.
Exactly.
Just like that.
RaulFnater.
I never forget those assholes calling an actor and then even Donahue.
Look what happen to his show.
The lord works in mysterious ways.
He's a full Catholic boy.
Although the Pope don't like him too much because he's a pro-choice since for fags.
He's for all the things that the Pope did test in reviles.
Because of course the catholic church they went all their little boys for themselves
Sports back radio
Police got my gun
Police got my gun
Police got my gun
Boys and I have quite a lot
Police got my gun
Police got my gun
But that's alright with me
Because it was great without a choir
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas
I'm not my part, police can't make fun
Police can't make fun
Police can't make fun, they can't be scared at all I got
Police can't make fun, police can't make fun
Police can't make fun, they've pasted me in a parking lot
I wish them a Merry Christmas
I wish them a Merry Christmas
Happy gosh your holidays to you 142 at 560
Happy Chinooka to Charlie and 4 Lauderdale is a little confused
We grew up in a long fax and he said Hanukkah sucks too
because all that Jews do is spin wooden tops and eat big crackers
That's so
What are the big crackers we eat on Chinooka?
I think he's talking about Matsu-a which is on pay-soft Passover
Don't look to go out for expertise and dual holidays
Okay, nice try Charlie but guess what?
Very bon says speaking of big guys
The muscular development that fostered his evolution into one of baseball's greatest power hitters
was due to intense weight training, a proper diet, and a regiment of nutritional supplements
Now, grand jurors are expected to have the chance to ask bonds under oath
whether his growth has been entirely natural
Anybody believe it? No
Bonds who weighed 185 pounds is a rookie in 1986 and now is a muscle bound 230
were set to testify today before a grand jury focusing on possible tax and drug violations
by the Bay Area Laboratory Corruptive or Balco
which supply nutritional supplements to some of the nation's top athletes
The 6th time National League MVP holds a season record for Omar's is gaining on Hank Aaron's career mark
is linked to the only two people named so far
targets to the grand jury Balco founder Victor Coddy and Greg Anderson bonds personal trainer
John Coddy, what was his name? Richard Coddy
who played Barzini and the Godfather, right?
Okay, that's right
Don't remember the great character, Rackar Richard Coddy?
I know it's a little before your time but he played Barzini
I hate that guy, damn Barzini
I don't know Richard Coddy
Good actor
Bonds 39, well, satiety is a pimple that was by Zini on the lawn
Right
Bonds 39 repeatedly is denied using steroids
argues that his evolution is all-mourn and it has been steady
Go look at the back of my bubble gum card
he said after winning a third straight MVP award last month
My numbers are consistent
If separate in nine, Bonds has hit at least 24 home runs in each of the 17 full seasons
the only dramatic jump came in 2001
when his record 73 home runs marked the only time he's top 50
Yadda Yadda, and it goes on
and on his biggest name to appear before the grand jury
athletes from four sports football baseball swimming and track and field
already have appeared including track star Mary and Jones
and her boyfriend, 100 meter world record holder Tim Montgomery,
four Oakland Raiders Olympic champions, swimmer and Amy Van Dyken
Oh, Amy's Van Dyken?
I like her, she's hot
Is she?
Dyken?
All the time
5 6 7 0 5 6 9 we haven't got the Panther fan yet, have we?
But there must be somebody who was at that game last night
That was if there's anybody who wonders why nobody attends those events
If there's anybody who wonders why people about South Florida could never possibly really support the National Hockey League
All you have to do is watch five minutes or more of last night's sorry ass performance
There was nobody there including the Panther team
There was no effort
It was the most lackluster pathetic
It was tragic and to be honest with you the score could have been like 30-0 if Ottawa really wanted to crank it up
WQAM
Hi, you're psychic man
You must be the guy
I'm the one
Okay, you're the guy that was there
Now let me ask you how many people do you think were there at the peak?
There could not have been more than 3,000 people there
Okay, I said five because I was trying to be generous but I thought 3,000 would have been a lot
Yeah, yeah, I think so
I mean there were sections in the lower bull that were in the I'm talking like in the middle of the second period
They were entirely empty
Totally empty both ends of the eyes were totally empty
Right
And it was sad you know
But then you watch the game and you're like you got this is why the people aren't there
Right
The kids on the team didn't show up, the people on the stands didn't show up
And all I could do was sit there and yell go leave go
Big game of Boston night man
You bet
Enjoy the show Neil
Thanks
Yeah
Bro leave school baby, leave's in first place by a point over Boston and they're division only one point or two or three points
Beyond fill it for the conference lead anybody here?
No
Well he and I do anyway
I mean at least I'm sitting in a place where the people care about something
I mean they make you're to an extreme which quite frankly they do
But at least they care you know what I mean about carrying enough to send you very best
No, what?
As opposed to people who only care about early bird dinners and freebies
Oh speaking of early bird dinners and freebies how we do not there at the pizza loft
Oh we have $700
Come on
Come on
That's not too bad
Not too great
So that gives us $43,605
$700 bucks
That's the best we've done in a while isn't it?
Yes it is
Well it's getting pretty close to Christmas in Chanooka boy
And that would be great a best in the LCD for 2002 and 2003
You think they're pouring up their love?
That must be it
Well the one guy that called twice already he's on his way to help a bunch of little handicapped kids somewhere
So he'll help take care of the other stuff
And we got another 13 minutes it'll two o'clock at the pizza loft in Davy right there at university dry
Scott's waiting for you in the Q and Van and you can go in there and see how bizarre he is
You think I was exaggerating?
No
See the problem was do you never gave me advanced warning?
Oh I can't
All right that was a little bit of a problem
I come back to town for a week
And I'm working with Scott Jr. there and you know he was just I don't know how to describe the experience
All the storage now you know my dilemma
I see
Well anyway he's a busy doing other things now like doing these van hits is great you know sending them out there in public
Getting a little bit of fresh air maybe interacting with some living and breathing humans who are like from the earth would be good
So we'll probably get like another update before really but we're I'd love to get a thousand would be good
I don't know if that's like maybe push and push and too hard
Don't push it I'm pushing it
On a personal level how do you feel about George W. Bush that's our pool on neo-roger's calm early five oats away from a 700
Not chubby huh?
This is something they see when I say they have no strong feelings of anything. This is one that they do they do do
696
He's a bumbley idiot 219 I hate him like poison 182
Now we're talking about the president not mo
Absolutely
But I think in either case probably would have been the same answer
He's a compulsive devious liar 123
Let me see it and we're talking we're talking about the president not mo
He means well, but he's over his head 95 he's an honest dedicated public servant 47
I really like him. He's a regular guy about
Third man look at that you take the last two categories there and he's gone up to 11% now he's doing it
5.6
He's 5.6
The rate is all yours
Q&A
Thank you baby
Hey
Where's your role? I can't find little
Oh
Who let's the radio out?
Who let's the radio out?
Hey what's that all over the place?
It's real terrible
I don't know why it's a bad joke
Oh no
Oh no the racer got out and they got diarrhea
The radio out
Who let's the radio out?
Who let's the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Hey what's that up in the sky?
Is it a bird?
Is it a plane?
No
It's a racer
And they still got diarrhea
Who's your mouth?
Who's your mouth?
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
Who let the radio out?
153 at 5.60 WQM
We have to have freedom of religion
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion.
People.
By the way we have one of those ten people
who is the path Orgame myproat to charming him before he showed up.
And he is a leaf-fan
Well...
And he is a leaf-fan.
out for a man it's like home in Taishan in Peoria I mean what's what's the point
It's like selling falafels in Chinatown
Have you ever had a falafel? No as matter of fact I never have either
Rimmer and his wife had falafels when we were in Amsterdam right on the corner there by
Rembrandt Plain yeah, was it falafel? I
Don't know because I didn't have one they actually bought it themselves. I purposely didn't go in
as
The 2004 election season heats up certain candidates might be looking over their shoulders had an unlikely
Special interest group the US Catholic bishops by the way before I go on with that in case you missed the exciting news
That we had early in the show because we're on top of whatever's happening in the not just in the world
but in the radio business
especially in the market and
Fox 940 clear channel
I think they've probably disabled a QM line up permanently now. There's no way we can compete. Oh, we're hobbled the Dan
Silio show will be starting on January 5th
2004 6 to 9 a.m. On
940 slot sports radio. I am a lady Bruno and a bunch of other network crap. I mean crap
Absolutely, so I think the Mollmeister can rest a little bit easy now
especially since he's got the naked pictures of Greg and Billy goat and he's got him over a barrel
And he's got no competition. There's Dan Silio. By the way, he's a former U.M. Hercune a jot
Somebody
Facts this the what in that that you can tell by looking at him now. No
Now he's a little on the well he bulked up a little bit
But anyway here the ratings from Orlando. They listed 20 different radio stations in the Orlando market
And for the last three rating books and the latest trend which was August, September, October
They never they never cracked the 1.1 the whole station. I don't know what the hell. Hi me was on there
But it was really make a difference. No
In fact in the winner of 03. I mean it's pretty difficult to do this. I mean they were on the year
Yeah, and the winner of 03 they had a zero
Not not just in a month. Okay, we had like slot sports did that in fact the station
We're talking about 940 did that one month that too long ago remember that?
No diaries nobody
50,000 months and nobody's listening like what if they had a what if they gave a party nobody showed up
What if they had a ball game and nobody showed up like the Panther game last night?
Well, they did well what if they had a radio station on a year in Orlando and nobody was listening well winner of 03
Well, I must have been a tough winner. You know too much snow probably a lot of interference with the ice and stuff and these are the 12 plus numbers that grow
I'm sure he's right which includes the whole audience. I mean that's everybody
The whole audience so when you have a oh that means you don't have young people you don't have middle-aged people
You don't have old people you don't have many you don't have women you don't have teenagers you don't have little children
You don't have anybody
1.0 0 0.8 1.1 and latest trend
Staying steady as she goes a 1.1 so once they syndicate that you're in South Florida to do really
Gigantic crap. I mean it ought to be phenomenal. I scored paid for you and David Ross you idiots man cheat channel again
destroying the radio business that we used to know and love
All of this crap about deregulation don't buy it for a second all that has to do with is turning the entire media over to a
bunch of Nazis so they can brainwash the public so these people can call off any future elections and they can just go step
their way to like fun and power and a lot of cash most of the cash part
As the 2004 election season heats up certain candidates might be looking over their shoulders and unlikely special interest group the US Catholic
Vichips oh
America's 275 active
Vichips are gearing up a new task force that could bring Catholic politicians in line in a way not seen before in American politics
And President Kennedy is rolling over in his grave
Announced the US conference of Catholic Vichips annual meeting last month. It's headed by the Washington Cardinal
Theodore Macarach who's a real right wing asshole by the way the task force will produce guidelines and how to deal with
Recalcitrant politicians but Cardinal Macarach hedges when asked about their most potent weapon ex-communication
I wouldn't be in favor of that he said although now that you mention it
But the Vichips have felt pressure to come up with sanctions with a bite to them ever since January when the Vatican came out with the 17 page
Doctor doctrinal note a document on how Catholic should in politics should behave
Oh, be hey, that's what Mike Myers would say. Oh, behave you crazy priest you
Those who are directly involved in long making bodies have a grave and clear obligation to oppose any law that attacks human life
It's it for them as for every Catholic is impossible to promote such laws or to vote for them
Besides abortion the document listed euthanasia slavery religious freedom and the sanctity of marriage as black and white issues for
Catholic politicians in other words you will go step in total line or look out
Now, let's see we got three Catholics on the democratic side you got Dennis Kassinich
John Kerry and Wesley Clark whose father was Jewish but evidently his mother was
Catholic
Ready for that
Now he's got a dilemma whether he's going to spin the drabler. He's got to eat like a trache
See what I'm saying? Yeah, so there you go
There's another classic example of all these crazy people the fetus huggers the people want to like continue overpopulating the world and
You know keeping people in a stone age
At any rate
How is that total now would we get a total from Scotters? He's still telling it up. Yeah, he just called me
He has 800 and people are still coming people are still coming keep coming. He'll stay there as long as you got the cash
Okay, just to piss off that guy who called before we don't like our cheerity who don't like little puppies and kittens
Okay, that's probably the guy his son is the one. I probably was killing the cats in the road
I got a piece of crap
So we got 800 and we're still counting over there the QM van look for it right in front of the pizza loft in Davie there
We need another
Well as a matter of fact we need another 295 or 44 grand up bad. We'll take it
Mad dog coming up next to the Humper at four and then at seven you don't want to know
You all are a bunch of suckers
