Have just tasted your snack.
Hey, where's your food going?
Come here, come here.
Oh, man.
Don't you ever take a bad...
What?
Where's your food going?
Ah!
Ah!
He's a walking ghost!
When I check it out, I can blow my head.
And the boxes that reduce your doom.
I ain't doing it, but I know it.
His hair he used our oozing down.
Drill him on my pants.
And then that best bill will make you new.
Things his girls are funny.
So the red light says, I went out on you and he's getting the pants.
But Henry wants to scare.
Walks through hallway sideways.
And he's covered with your real hair.
Mama says he's up there.
He's a king and some young men are leaving alone.
We're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
Josh Greenman.
I feel things seem funny, but he's no stand-age.
I'm funny, isn't he?
Don't come near me.
Josh Greenman.
He's no one can squeeze his knees out of my belly button and sell it by the pound.
It is bad.
Got so bad his guts exploded.
You ingretched pile all over the room.
There's staples of pants down his roof.
Just to hold in all that greasy old food.
Stay away from me.
Josh Greenman.
Do you think I care if Chris Roy doesn't like me?
I think he does.
Don't come near me.
Josh Greenman.
Come here, come here.
He's gone.
Bye-bye.
That's the best news of the century.
That's one of the really great pieces of news.
In addition to what's the rumor I'm here in about the Mo and Gully show?
I'm here they're going to keep pushing them back one more hour into the night and then see if they show up.
What point do they stop showing up?
I think the 1 to 4 am.
Let's give it a shot.
We don't have a lot of time because we got so many spots.
It's really appropriate that the movie we're asking about in the first hour today is Glenn Gary, Glenn Ross.
Got those leads.
Passable on to our sales department because if anybody needs some leads they sure is held to.
What is going on with you assholes in that sales department man?
Unbelievable.
We're having a going out of business sale here at WQIM.
No spots radio.
We go from last Thursday when we had the transmitter fart for three hours and we were running like 20 minutes of spots an hour to now like yesterday and today when it's invisible.
It's invisible because I think part of the bill at the FCC passed yesterday was that Clear Channel gets all radio spots.
No, no, that's in the bill.
It's part of the new law in America if you're going to advertise on radio it must be with cheap channel.
At least 82% of your budget has to be with them.
Anyway, we asked yesterday because I'm thinking about getting another dog.
I don't know.
I'm thinking.
What's the best breed of dog for a pet?
MUT.
246.
That was what I said.
Get yourself a mongrel.
More times than not.
They're great.
246.
Leverdur Retriever 155.
Golden Retriever 131.
I hate dogs.
92 assholes out there said I hate dogs.
This explains what we've been up against all these years.
92 people.
7.4% of this audience hate dogs.
And guess what?
We hate you.
How do you like that?
German Shepherd 72.
Don't know.
Never had a dog 63.
Jack Russell Terrier 55.
It's a cult.
What?
No, it's a cult.
There's something strange there.
Something that doesn't meet the eye.
Boxer 52.
Beagle 37.
Rotweiler 31.
I don't want to read the whole list.
Do I?
Cocker Spangled 27.
Greyhound 26.
Poodle 24.
Doberman Pinscher 23.
Pug 21.
Border Colley 19.
Boston Elder.
Long here.
Dogs.
All kinds of Collies.
Long here.
Boston Terrier 18.
Bulldog 18.
Colley 16.
B. Sean Frise 15.
See, people like that kind of a dog.
They just like the name.
What you think?
I'm surprised we didn't put you in the corner.
What kind of dog is a Skippy over it?
Oh, he's a B. Sean Frise.
Wow.
God, am I impressed.
Yorkshire Terrier 15.
Schnauzer 12.
Weimarain 11.
Minpin.
Minincher Pinscher 10.
Pomeranian 9.
And Schrawa 9.
That's where I'm going to stop right there.
Out of 1237 suggestions.
For which we thank you profusely.
Okay, the first hour every day now we're doing something a little new and different.
Don't have to discuss it.
You can if you like.
But we're doing a preliminary pool.
Part of the main pool of the day.
The pre-pull.
Yeah, this is a four-play pool.
And each day we're asking how do you rate a different
movie?
Now, yesterday we asked about, of course,
Requiem for Dream.
Did pretty well.
Pretty well.
Disheartedly, please.
Grat.
Today we're asking how do you rate the movie Glenn Geary Glenn Ross.
Six choices.
Never saw it.
Do you think a lot of people saw this one?
No.
Really?
Really.
Why is that?
Because it wasn't like a-
Great cast.
Right, but it didn't have all, you know, explosions.
It wasn't hyped.
It wasn't promoted heavily in the theaters.
Great cast.
Al Pacino, Jack Lemon, Adheros, Kevin Spacey, Kevin Spacey, Alan R.
Alec Baldwin.
Right.
Morgan Freeman.
Anyway, how do you rate Glenn Geary Glenn Ross?
Never saw it.
Neal's right.
It's great.
Good.
Okay.
Week or it sucks.
Those are the six choices.
And those, of course, will stay the same every day.
Now, last night I did-
Now, we had many suggestions yesterday.
I went out and I intended to buy them all, which would have been a little bit heavy on the pocketbook.
Do you have one of those old lady carts with the wheels and the wire carts?
For what?
For like all these DVDs that you shut that to the apartment there?
Oh, yeah.
They're pretty heavy, man.
Oh, yeah.
And your groceries.
You're starting to sound like my mother now.
Oh, how do you slap all that soda?
Yes, what, my, by my soda convenience store.
Okay, right across the street, bitch.
God.
How do you do that?
How do you operate without a car?
How can you live without a car?
See, I, this is at this stage of my life I'm discovering that,
I'm a tremendous number of people living in a big city.
Don't have a car.
Yeah.
That's one of the great things about living in a big real city, without the stars.
We have stars.
No cars, just stars.
Well, they really dropped the ball on this one.
I'll tell you that.
In fact, the WT and the WH, whatever it is.
Mayor Lassen says he don't know who they are.
They're thinking today about maybe putting Toronto back on the traveler advisory list.
Oh, oh, I don't know why.
I mean, they got 62 cases or something like that, but it's still all in three hospitals.
Are they going to let you back in the country?
No.
And I'll say, oh, right.
Okay.
That's the way you want to play it.
Quarantine.
Now, I did see, oh, yeah, I'm going to come back and breathe on George Corso.
The first thing I do when I come into building is I'm going to go into engineering.
And I'm going to just breathe and slobber all over the place.
In fact, every, every piece of equipment could only be an improvement.
And then I'm going to go into promotions.
Oh, by the way, speak at a promotions.
Doreen.
Doreen.
Feral don't need to see where we're going.
Okay, sweetheart.
I know you're trying to make an impression.
Well, then you say he's like six, five or something like that.
Carlethe, I didn't measure it.
She assumes that because he's a big tall guy that he's probably hung like a moose.
She just wants to look at it first is what I'm hearing.
She wants to take a peek.
But boy, you talk about screwing up before I get to the two movies I watched last night.
Screwing up everything.
I have two suggestions which they'll never listen to me.
They'd pay no attention to me in that place because what the hell do I know?
Two suggestions that could improve WQA.
I'm dramatically now this moment.
Number one, ban all Marlins talk outside of the games in a pregame itself.
From which we're contractually obligated for that crap.
Other than that, ban it.
And certainly don't be given away any tickets to Marlin games.
Nobody wants them.
George said that last week at Treasure Island they went out there with a bunch of Marlin tickets to the boy.
And that way, nobody won them.
There were people bringing their Marlin tickets to the game trying to give them to them.
Yeah, kill it.
That's number one.
And number two, what was number two?
Oh, yeah.
Number two is don't let Pharrell discuss sports.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Well, you're speaking to the choir.
No, I'm serious.
If he talked about anything in the world, about getting laid about the designers,
you name it.
Bobblehead packages.
Let's get out of here.
Yeah, see, speaking of Bobbleheads, the giveaway Bobbleheads at the stadium over the weekend,
they finally got a couple of reasonable crowds because they gave some free crap away.
Oh, yeah, you're wrong.
It's the same neurotic stuff year after year after year.
This radio station because there's nothing going on.
I'll tell you one thing.
If I was doing a sports show, all I'd be talking about now is Brian Greasy.
Wouldn't you, Boehner, boy?
Absolutely.
That's the big story.
I mean, granted it's only a June and its football still aways away.
But that's the main topic of conversation in town anyway when it comes to sports as football.
And a Brian Greasy story is gigantic.
And she's in there peddling him Marlin tickets to give away?
Get away, Doreen.
Okay, get away from that man.
We finally got a chance.
We finally got a contender when he was a leading.
And you're going to screw him all up in a bunch of stupid ass Marlin tickets to give away.
That nobody wants.
And then what do I hear the first two or three calls?
Oh, I'll take the free tickets.
No more Marlin discussions on this radio station ever.
That would do it.
I'll never happen.
Would improve the ratings of this radio station by at least a full point.
And number two, for real, no sports.
Just crap.
Just have him talk and crap two hours.
He is one of the great crap both discussed in the history of the business.
Nobody costs crap like he does.
But it's Greg Reads and Erosis again.
That's what we're on to the penalty of.
It's Greg Reads and Erosis.
So I watched two of the movies on your list yesterday.
I bought six.
Let me tell you the four that I didn't watch yet.
Which I've already seen one.
Oh, man, these are heavy, you know what?
Yeah.
Way of the gun with Ryan Philippe.
I haven't watched that yet.
Got it in my hand now.
Got Ryan's gun in my hand.
Shallow grave.
Magnolia.
Which this must be a real project.
This one.
It's one of these big fancy like Memento was, you know.
The packaging alone is spectacular.
Any frog in there?
Frogs.
There are a couple of frogs jumped out of the package.
And training day, which I already saw with Morgan Freeman.
I mean, I didn't see a Washington.
No, I see I'd put it before the show and I'll admit it.
This is one of my worst things that I just can't do with actors, actresses, names of movies.
It's just something I'm not good at.
I'm terrible at it.
That's not like hardest drivers.
No, that's just, see if I could clear out some room.
Now see, this is a guy who does no delinco from Del Mangi.
He don't know Keith Wapel from Randy Wapel.
That's your problem.
I know all of these things.
I'm so you only have, it's like hard drive space.
And your brain.
I only have so much space on here.
I got to clear some out.
I can't do it.
I need a lobotomy.
So when it comes not that I'm all movie intensive and all whipped up.
And I'm very enthusiastic about this.
I watched two pretty good movies last night.
One was great, which I'll get to momentarily after we do the break.
Because we got so much business today.
Somebody better have it invested.
Somebody better give our sales department the Glen Gary Glen Ross leads.
Or maybe get some real sales people back there.
Maybe that's the answer.
Right.
Alec Baldwin needs to come in and give him a pop-up.
Yeah, we need to have a seminar with Alec Baldwin leading away.
Okay.
Tom, the Fisher cut bait.
Close.
You're always got to be closing.
As in.
Close the door on your way out behind you.
That's what I would say to most of our so-called salespeople.
Close the goddamn door on your way out.
And don't turn around and come back.
Boy, it used to be bad, but now.
Now that we got no more John penis.
Stop and think about some of the marginally decent sales people we used to have there long gone.
Right.
Can you think of any besides John penis lion?
Brian.
Brian.
There you go.
Good old Brian.
What's his name?
Brian Morgan Freeman.
Brian Schmutz.
He was good.
So a lot of spots on this show.
But what do we got now?
Now we got Skippy.
And now we got people whose names we don't even know.
And we got Fatboy who spends most of his time in a hospital being carted around and
schlepping up and down the hall on his walker.
We have Jackamo, who lectures Carlos.
Who is, oh yeah.
We got that guy.
I missed their know it all.
Which we don't even know what his name is and don't want to know it.
He says Carlos is a liar.
Yeah, right.
10, 14 at 5, 60 WQM.
By the way, Josh Sharedaro did not get.
Did not get Beaner Boy paid on time.
He's not going to get paid on the 10th.
Nice going clearance.
Also didn't get us any answers about this spot thing we got going.
Here's a question for you.
How low can they go?
We're talking about rates.
Of course.
Now a financial group has the limbo under the lowest refinance rate going.
They're doing the limbo rock.
How low we're talking 1.95%.
That's true.
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low amazing almost unheard of.
1.95% financing with financial group.
Call 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group and you talk about savings.
Check this out.
If you have a $100,000 loan with these folks at cost to only $368 bucks a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, only $736 a month is all you pay.
So call financial group toll free 1-800-940-Lend.
And get the low and low rate you'll be looking for 1.95%.
If you're straights it at all time low, so no wait.
Call now and get that rate 1.95% from financial group.
1-800-940-Lend is the number to call that financial group at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply and rates are something to change monthly.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5. screaming
5.19 APR.
9.14 APR.
5.19 APR.
Minto but anyway, we'll do that tomorrow
And I have no idea cuz nobody's
No, there's some people it's all like the first five minutes of it. Oh, yeah
Forgot sorry. Here's Miami Lakes. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hey, how are you Neil great? Hey, where are the good leads?
So let me tell you something
My daddy Glen Ross is on my list of one of the best movies I've ever seen. Yeah, it's great
And I've been selling for 28 years Neil and I'll tell you something it really really grabs you
But the thing I want to talk to you about the movie is this film legend called Jack O'Lemm
I know that he's an American icon and I don't think he's ever used a swear word and any other movie that he's ever made
Well, if you count up the time you use it um in in Glen Gary Glen Ross
Yeah, it's just amazing if you just use the F word at least 50 times and there's a scene where he goes off on Kevin space
Right a little jerk that's he's making up for lost time now Jack lemon
He was that's the greatest seed in the movie where he goes off on Kevin spacey and he just rips
Well
It's one of my favorite movies and I recommend it strongly to everybody excellent choice. Hey, thanks for thanks lot
Thanks, palmy so I can't watch too low. I beg your pardon
MEM ENTO a reminder of the past a keepsake Carlos hit it
Because we were discussing it. You're thinking of are you serious Carlos?
Figured it out. You're thinking of momentum as an unmomento seat because you think in Spanish. No, I don't get down here too long
No, seriously all of my life and I and probably the reason being I never saw the word in print before right you know what it's like
It's like when I was reading that article about the pot and I came to hookah and I said hookah
Because I've never I get I've hookah no no seriously
I've never seen that word in print before in my life until that article water pipe sir
There you go. No, no, seriously. I had never seen hookah in print. Have you yeah, listen wonderland? Oh
Please you read out some wonderland you read it. What do you mean they made it? Well, I've probably read it too
But it was about a hundred years ago hookah smoking counter forgot right in my elbow front and center
So at any rate so that word I had screwed up and then of course we get to this in my whole life
I don't think I've ever seen the word I thought a keepsake is of a momentum with an mo
But you're right momentum you didn't sound right too many years in South Florida. Oh my god
I think my brains have been fried how embarrassing you're being spiky side not even 10 30 and I'm already learned something like that
I'm dumb of course look where I work look where I work with
So I watched two movies last night and speaking of the general topic
I will say this could have been very intensive on this for like almost a month now the main pull of the day will be an opportunity for you to get out of your system
About all these shows about movies. Okay, I mean we do talk about a few other things like dogs
And like about the a fashion government things like that
But we've just become movie intensive. I don't know and it seems to people seem to like it, but we'll find out
I watched two movies last night one pretty good not great and the other one excellent
I don't want George to get carried away. No, sorry. I just liked it better than the other one. There were two months
No, I didn't agree with not at all. I liked it better the river runs through. I thought was much better than legends of the fall
But that's a matter of taste. Legends of the fall was was worth watching Anthony Hopkins
Was good until he had that little problem
And although he didn't have a beautiful main coat. I love this main coat
but
And Brad Pitt was good and there he could have used the haircut every once in a great while would have been good
And maybe a bath might not have hurt while he went safari and you know, it was a part of the look
But now it was good. I give it three stars on a scale of five that would be my own personal rating legends of the fall
It's worth seeing if you like Brad Pitt
If you like Anthony Hopkins, he was excellent. Aiden Quinn
The Aiden Quinn was good and also even now. What's the name the other brother Henry Thomas?
There you go and what's your name?
Oh, I forget Julianna Margaleez or something. I'm not sure who I forget Julianna Margaleez maybe
It was a lot of the one I thought I don't have time to find it anyway
You know if you're one of those people like I said who likes and George likes it
He won't admit it the reason that he likes that and the river runs through it is because it's a Montana move no question
That that he's obsessed with Montana because when he was in Montana
He got laid like every hour right? So that's that's why he's obsessed with it
If you're not into like the Dakotas in Montana and it was Dakota
There were times in the movie well when we found that map that is father made
Don't you remember that book you are and it was the big map of the Dakotas in Montana freaking
But there were times during the movie when I felt like I was watching
Bonanza
Or a little house on the prairie or maybe like a combination of both Julia or mand thank you Carlos
You know what I'm saying? Yes, it was a little bit a little house on the prairie ish at times
Yeah, but you didn't think the river runs through it was like that
Without the grizzly bear yeah, but a river runs through it. There was just something about the uh, I don't know
About the whole story and about the fly fishing and red pits fly I don't know
But the movie I watched last night that I liked a lot which I give four and a half stars
drugstore cowboy with Matt Dylan and Kelly Lynch and
Heather Graham right
Center hat
Back keep the hat off the bed, huh? Oh, oh, really dammit
Well, I tell you first the hat was on a bed and then she was on the flow. Yeah next thing, you know
She's on the flow he won
She's he look kind of like purple on the on the floor
But in any way drugstore cowboy is very good Matt Dylan for whom I had the minimal regard except for a couple of movies
Always thought he was like I don't know very predictable always doing his Marlon Brando junior routine
But he was excellent in this movie did a great acting job everybody was good in and what's not to like
It was a little bit like some of the scene because it was related with drugs
People had a little bit of a little bit of a drug problem
And there were some scenes there were reminiscent of um of this I like the piece best
The priest was good the a drug addict priest and I also liked the fact that Matt Dylan said oh yeah
I knew a father or two whatever his name was a year's or I was an alter boy. He always had the good stuff
And you remember when he crossed himself after he buried that bitch
I don't want to say which one because that'd be a giveaway
But he crossed himself very quickly, but you know still programmed for Sahabat
Kind like when he walked in the priest's apartment there and like whipped it out. Can't force a habit
28 past 10 at 560 WQM if you're carpeting is schmootsy if it looks like the end of the universe if it looks like
The heavens just unleashed garbage on your carpet do yourself a favor and call dry concepts
I've been telling you people about this for over 20 years
I've been using them in my home for well over 20 years now because they're the best
They're the only people in the world who dry clean your carpeting
That's exactly what they do. It's the same kind of method they've used to drag clean your clothing
Which sucks out the deep-down dirt way down in there that you can't see
We certainly can smell it if you leave it around long enough
And they also do a stupidest job of drag cleaning your drapes your expensive area rugs your oriental carpeting
And of course also your leather furniture your pulse or whatever it is
If you have problem with pet odors picking a dogs and pets or milder voters
They can because by water damage they can make those disappear in a hurry too
And one thing you never have to worry about with dry concepts is whether they're going to rip you off
Because not only they give you a fair price
But they give it to you up front in writing before they start the job. How can you beat that?
So do yourself a big favor call the professionals that drag concepts you'll be pleased is punch
Call them tool free 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 log under their website if you like dry concepts calm
And you'll discover for yourself that with dry concepts you really can clean today and entertain tonight
You
sports radio 560
2am
sports radio 560
2am
You get a lot of
5
New Rogers sports old radio wq
Webnet comic Jeff Foxworthy has finally gotten a new act
That's right. He's changed his name and has a brand new CD
It's Jeffar Foxworthy's you might be an infidel
You know I live we know how to spot an infidel if you're car in your house
Both have a roof you might be an infidel
Jeffar Foxworthy's you might be an infidel was taking middle eastern countries by storm with weapons of
Massively funny material if you've ever seen a woman's ankles
In public you might be an infidel he's more hilarious than the former a rocky minister of information
He's Jeffar Foxworthy
If newscasters don't have to practice pronouncing your name
You might be an infidel if you've never stolen a 5,000-year-old relic from a national museum
You might be an infidel
You might be an infidel the new comedy CD from Jeffar Foxworthy
Available with a 60-foot deep crater that used to be the Baghdad Best Buy
1032 at 560 WQM
What if you start to wait as long at that best buy to get waited on as you do with the other ones
Proppo DJ Valentine says Memento is long for Mimo
He had Mimo's all over his body. Yes, he did
But let me just say this to you which you'll find most bizarre
Because I am positive that I've seen the word Memento spelled M-O
Now how do we get into a spelling thing? I'll not just point out
So I go to the Miriam Webster Schwartz Dictionary online
and I type in Memento and
It's like an alternate spelling for it can be spelled either way I guess and when you look for Memento
One of the searches comes to Memento the movie
If it spells it both ways
I'm sure I'm looking at it right now and if you click Memento the movie
you get
A review by the movie pundit. I got momentous when I tried to put in Memento
now and then here Memento Memento movie spelled with an M-O
And it says Memento by then but they spell it the way it's spelled in the movie with an E
One of the most one of the strangest most frustrating films I've ever seen in a long time
Imagine a roller coaster mixed with murder mystery and you'll understand half of what the film is
But I warn you this one will make your head hurt. That's a good review. I like that. Yeah
That's uh, so how do you like that?
So I take back what I said I wasn't wrong. I was like uh not fast and not slow. I was half-assed
I was like gonna be twisting between between a crock and a hard place, huh
Is that bizarre or what?
As I know I have seen it in writing, but I've always seen it a Memento is M-O-M-E-N-T-L
You've seen it. I see it all the time, but it's always like they're using Spanish slang like Un Memento
No, that's not what it's in regard to. No, no, no. A Memento isn't a keepsake
Has been something from the past something a uh reminder of the past
Got it got it. So anyway, we got that'll be tomorrow moment
But in the meantime Glen Gary Glen Hill Glen Ross very encouraging is uh
The law that are new thought you said nobody's seen a 135 votes. No. Yeah. How do you rate it?
I try to talk in about it through invocation shows and like uh, you know here
Yeah, but who listens when you're on. Oh, that's right
Anyway, never saw it 65 48.1%
Neal's right. It's great 50 37% and how much did the Sarah half Sarah go for?
23% see
So they like this a lot better. Well, that's because over the years they've heard us talk so much about sales people and what assholes
They are sales people are iceholes and so they like can't just bug up the rest plus of course we have a lot of sales holes out there
Talk job man talk job if you don't believe me watch the movie Glen Gary Glen Ross you'll be wanting to get those leads
Please please give them to our sales department when you're done with them when you've gone uh when you've cherry picked them
Give what you got left to our sales department. I can't hurt go steal some they couldn't sell a glass of water to a starving a Jewish millionaire
For a dot for a penny
Never saw it 65 meals right. It's great 50 it sucks 10
Good 8 okay one and weak none so
Negatory only 10 only 10 out of 135 or as opposed to what's your name Sarah? It sucks seven point seven
Yeah
Same thing see we've always got around seven percent they're gonna say no matter what will be we put on her it sucks
Okay, and probably because they would like to suck but they can't find anything to suck on that's probably
No matter what movie no matter what issue just right it's the same like with all our political issues
We have about 18 percent that will always suck bushes ass whether it's Jeb Bush George W. George senior
Prescott Bush whichever fascist we're talking about George P by the way isn't that interesting how our governor is trying to use that
Feet is a political football
He wants to appoint a port appointed guardian for a fetus. I can get messy. Oh
Atta boy jab you the best baby. How how could anybody vote for that man? How could there's a picture in the Toronto
And the national post to him this morning. Yeah, where they talk about what an asshole he is
I know how to get both for him you just look at that picture and you say to me
Well probably because you were a ran against another dead band Bill McBride who exactly
Democrats have a death wish that's what the D stands for a Democrat death wish
Now this can't be for real Sydney Australia
So you see I'm in Sydney Australia. It's about quarter of one in the morning here tomorrow morning
I'm leaving for New Zealand for a few days then I'm off to Maui. What happens? I leave Florida and now you're back to 10 to 2
You got it. Oh
I'm skipping around I was checking my emails Joe Dan. I said jeez I haven't kept up with what kneels going on
What what happened? I mean they got Scott Farrell in it for all in there now. Yeah, that's right
Don't them want to break
Forge knows who this is. This is Danny from the Atlanta. Oh hey down the rugby player
I got a huge favor for you while you're in New Zealand
Well, let me just give it the give me the load on I was on vacation because all the stuff always comes that one
I'm on vacation when I'm away. They always play you know
Right come back on a Sunday and I get a phone call two hours later from mufflin's the art program director
And she says to me. How what do you think you're going back to 10 to 2 and I said oh right? Yeah
I stopped it. I thought that man did you only wanted to work one to three and all that kind of stuff
So they had to be a lot of things put in a row there. He's on two to four. What's wrong with that?
It still sounds like two hours to me. I mean what's right? I know I just thought he wanted to work one to three
But the deal was of course they're trying they're trying to blow out the morning guy there
I don't want to mention Mohawar david it. Oh, I don't want to mention my name. Please let's let that happen tell him
I've got a nice 50,000 want radio station and per if he can go to there you go all right George
What do you need? New Zealand? I got for you. Do you have your pencil?
It's called a Haka Haka aka the Mario do a Haka I want a videotape of a Maori Haka Haka
Is what the New Zealand rugby team does right before they play a match?
The original Maori you know what George does is Haka China like he's doing right now. That's what he's Haka
I want to be a kid for some Haka's Haka George when I get back to the United when I get back to Fort Lord
I'll call you there's a group of people of group of Polynesians in Fort water
I heard it all they don't
Can't find it. I want to take no no the website. I'll tell you what the rep website is drums of Polynesia dot com
These people are native New Zealanders and Polynesians. They do the Haka when they do their things
I swear to God all right drums of Polynesia the the guy in charge is RJ rewee
R-E-W-I-T-R-G-M-E-E-I-R-E-E-I-R-E-E-E
All right listen Neil this I need I need your salary to pay for this call so I'll see you in a couple of weeks
Okay, Miguel. Thanks. Bye
Wow
What the hell remember that that we had do the Haka and get a blowjob or something like that? We
So we're still discussing how you spell
Memento Memento at the make a difference how you spell it you really should see the movie and I know most of you
I don't think most of the people in this audience are emotionally stable enough to watch that movie and come away
without going but no one would like for a long time maybe if they watched it in reverse
Speaking of dogs which were yesterday I wanted to dwell on it because it's a boring topic
I used to a lot of people but
Alert dogs saves two men another dog from fiery death and wilted manners in this morning sun sentinolo less just like a cat would
Just like your pet jirbal would
An alert dog saved its sleeping master's life early Monday morning by awakening him just as fire erupted in the back of the home
Firefighters in wilton manners said
The dog a six-year-old female air-dale terrier. We didn't have any air-dale terriers on our legio named hunter
Escape from the burning three bedroom one bathhouse and a 14-liter block of northeast 27th street along with its owner another occupant and another air-dale name chance
As in fat
Chance like Josh Friedman. You think he's coming back fat chance
The residents Paul Kinser and Scott Moore lost everything else saved the clothes on their back a cell phone dogs and the vehicles to the blaze
Which was believed caused by electrical problem
Last Friday the home's owner smelled smoke in the floater room area next to the garage toward the rear of the house
He checked and found nothing the owner told firefighters he had recurring problems with the electricity
Electrician had come but couldn't find anything wrong Saturday the owner bought two smoke detectors with the intention mounting him over the weekend
But the problem disappeared again the senses were not installed. I don't think they're allowed to mount him in the wilton manners
Only from the rear
Early Monday morning found the dog hunter sleeping in a separate room. I'll chance slept in the master bedroom around
5 a.m. and agitated 100 in the bedroom began scratching at the bed and
Pointing the owner until he got out of bed. That's when the owner spotted flames at the end of the hallway next to the garage. How do you like that?
The dog came in here was barking and scratching and carrying on and yelled out
FAMING and that's so what come to sprung him to action
It's a nice goon. There's another great job. My dogs are best friend. They're great. You love dogs and you 92 assholes
They said you hate dogs
Okay, that's for you. There's another one or extra charge
Stand people that don't like dogs
Of course a lot of those 92 people probably have never been around like real dogs
Probably an exposed to those nasty little yippy biting designer dogs, you know
Ten for I didn't affect many of the names that we had on the list yesterday were like designer dogs
That's not I like a real dog
Right
Not a designer dog
1041 at 560 wq.way. And let me tell you about dollar mattresses
We've been for doing on the show for a long time a lot of people wonder you talk about it
Do you really sleep on a mattress from dollar mattress and the answer is very simply yes
And the reason being you won't get a better deal anywhere on a plan you won't find better merchandise
And you won't find a company more dedicated to customer service than dollar mattress
They're ranked number one in the world of customer satisfaction even down under
One quick call to 1 800 mattress and you won't believe how easy it is to pick out the perfect bed for you
Depending on the way you sleep like upside down vertical horizontal etc
The expert vending consultants guide you through the whole process
They know the product details and couldn't be more helpful if you stuck a gun to their head
Ever go to a showroom forget about that. They try to stereotype their own house brand
Which is usually crap or maybe a discounted set or a mismatch or something like that that they're trying to get rid of
The dollar mattress sells you only the best in the world
Seely, Serta, Simmons, Tempor, Pedic mattresses with no sales gimmicks
No false promises and they've got the high-end beds too
Like Seely's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand all at every day low prices as well
So call 1 800 mattress right now to be one of the best calls you ever make
1 800 MATTRES you'll see what I may ask about the comfort exchange policy if you're not completely satisfied
They'll exchange it forward with no questions asked
Plus you get free setup free removal and you get to choose the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule
When it's convenient for you and nobody else does that
The auto mattress is the easiest the smartest way to get you a great night sleep
So call them today
They'll be knock on your door in no time at all. You'll be sleeping as soon as tonight like a baby
1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTRES
Or check them out on the web at mattress.com
Oh
This is halfway more thanks
You way
Move
O,oooo-oh, mmm.
Mmm.
Much better.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Mmm.
Those who gave us space to be or inspect them we?
Christmas to be respected!
hills
Let's go easy
ooh
Yes, RepeatATAR
1048 is 560 WDQM don't forget our hot couples contest number three opt away
crawling start although I think we're getting a little bit nervous about
that you know because it's premature yeah right right because they've got
until Monday June 16 to get the pictures in and they will put them up on our
website on neo-rangers.com and they'll be on for a week until Monday the 23rd
and then the couple with the most votes wins first prize is either a three-day
two-night stay for two with the Royal Oasis resort and casino at
Bahamas with round-to-peer for on Lake your air or a trip to Heedness and two or
three in Jamaica including everything except air right if I got that right right
you choose which is gonna be yours and then whichever one they don't choose will
be second prize third prize dinner for two with the pizza love and I think we're
on also about fourth prize we are working on that right that we're working on
right now pretty good one which I think will be the third prize right not that
Jeff Cohen keeps slipping down the ladder he don't care because the prices are so
reasonable at pizza love it's not like a real expensive deal here's a fact from
Scott and Hollywood as it just heard you bitching about the bush clan would
like to point out something I discovered the other day sometime within the
past year under the direction of our wonderful governor Bush it became less than
mandatory for businesses to care worker carry a workers compensation insurance
workers comp is no longer mandatory I thought this was something disgusting I
should share love the show thanks for coming back to him to Scott and Hollywood
thank Scott also says don't tell George oh what the hell tell George anyway
legends of the fall was not filmed in Montana but mostly oh can today sorry
George Calgary right morally Vancouver and Ocho Rios Jamaica beautiful
country very similar looking Ocho Rios Jamaica's when he was got on the ships
and was traveling I guess when he was supposed to be a new guinea isn't that
where he's supposed to be careful I don't don't say guinea but didn't they talk
about when they went off to join the army that we're going to Calgary right
remember that well that's another one of those deals we got cheap labor that's
back when the Canadian dollar wasn't worth crap it's not all that great it's
about 73 cent American dollar and the amazing part of his and spread all this
IBM investigation and all this perhaps another one of these scandals coming up
look at that the dows up one point now he's back up three and a half point
there's something going on it doesn't quite meet the eye all right not that I'm
suspicious maybe the reason Glenn Gary Glenn Ross is doing so much better is
because it seems to have a lot less votes I don't think I recall is I
recall yesterday the final total at about five after eleven right was about
three oh three three hundred in fact I'm gonna write that I'm gonna keep these
three hundred and three for Requiem for a dream also I think it's a little
bit older it's been out there longer more people had a chance to see it
Glenn Gary Glenn Ross so far has got away 194 so it's 1051 or in the
Chinaman's Chancin Hill that it's gonna get anywhere near 300 votes by the time
we get done so maybe that they just don't give a crap about that movie as much
or maybe they're already burned out on this or maybe they're busy you know or
maybe they're writing reminder notes all over their body don't forget to vote
on Neil's poll something like that anyway how do you write the movie Glenn
Gary Glenn Ross never saw 96 49.4 percent which means at least at least
of these first couple hundred more little more than half have seen it got it
that's good Neil's right it's great 68 35 percent pretty hefty total good 14
it sucks only 11 5.6 percent okay four and weak zero out of the first hundred
ninety four votes Glenn Gary Glenn Ross don't forget closing you always got to
be closing ABC always be closing always be closing
here's Delray Beach hello the machine Levine he's that's the guy
shelly the machine Levine that was great I liked it a lot I was one who called
and just the poll for wreck me a little bit dream last week I wasn't crazy about
it right but what I do like the music though oh well that's something see
there you go nothing's no that next for me is happiness I hope it's good because I
pay 25 bucks for it's a haven't now film me and George George you got to see
Tom Ripley movie got to see it's great what now the Tom Ripley movie the whole
that the incredible the talented mr. Ripley oh that one now I'm telling you it's a
good movie it's a good it's an excellent movie I'll watch it for free
it's a good movie George watch it I'll watch it for free thanks pali he's right you
shouldn't see the talent of mr. Ripley well you law is great in it and what's
her name when if Paltrow is great in it and even maddenon who I think you don't
like all out of my portion outstanding in it what he's a Martian oh look at this
okay just wow huh no I just got a factor my a financial guy hmm always say
do you have my facts number here oh yeah you know and then I he's got something
to fix me what number should I fix this to I'll tell you email as far as I'm
concerned highly overrated especially if you work for the taxing people just
like the national hockey league highly overrated what another coma inducing
game last night oh brother another scoreless tie and regulation at
anaheim with the ancient Steve Thomas wins over the over time for the ducks look
out Jersey baby that one cocky guy that was giving me a solid answer after they
won a first two game series tied up into a piece anything gonna happen now but
if that that's great petmans NHL man boring coma inducing clutching and
grabbing no action center rice trap just awful stuff slow ponderous no
scoring nobody wants to see a sport where there's no scoring so who was
touting me the movie this morning was it the beater boy a beautiful mind right
and I concurred with Kurt Russell did you say close Russell Crowe same
different than the same person Kurt Russell Crowe Russell Stover and Morgan Freeman
right right and get a Russell Russell Crowe I'll see the thing with Russell Crowe
is you're not allowed to like him I don't think I've ever seen him with him in
it but there's so much crap about what an asshole he's see I don't really care
about that I don't give a crap if a guy or an actress is an asshole while
they're not working that's their business they you know you're entitled to be an
asshole but if they happen to be good at their craft is not all accounts right
I mean there are a lot of people that were weirdos and assholes Peter Sellers was
supposed to be an ad-legist of nutcase but funny as hell great at what he did
that would that would be a good one good pull someday what performer do you
think was the most bizarre outside of their craft that's you know when it
worked working we'll do that someday some form of nominate Marlin yeah Marlin's
been a little bizarre that's a wally coxid so did we decide on momentum five six
seven oh five sixty pound six eight on the eight and T and four eyes and
wireless line what's that lineup look like today we got the mad dog at one
Hank is in New York for the Belmont another tough assignment for the Humper he's
not gonna be doing a show from New York four to six thirty and I've another one
as long show one f hour show for about 20 million year Marlins on deck six thirty
Marlins host the Oakland A's interlinked play anybody interested oh seven oh five
stop talking about the Marlins you idiots Eddie K. attend who's squeezing himself
over the ducks because if they win a Stanley Cup Eddie's gonna come on one last
show one last you think you'll come on one last time just to say bye bye bye
and that'll be a take his marbles and move to Vegas or something and then
Joe Mark overnight two to five and abbreviated Joe until Moe and Gildi come in
from three thirty to four in the morning you'll see they're gonna keep pushing
him further back push him back in fact we can do like it we hit out the
cheerleaders come in push him back further farther deeper you know into the
night I like that here's for a lot of deal hello Neil yes sir your movie
intensive but can I suggest a very good book sure it's like a rebuttal to that
lousy book by Goldberg bias mm-hmm called what liberal media the truth it's
it's already it's already recommended on our website I read the Eric
Alterman's book oh you read it it's wonderful just finished last night it's
one of our recommended books on a website you know it proves this point that
it's not getting much publicity they're bearing it those conservative bastards
that are in charge can't imagine why can you know it's all the truth in fact you
better read it soon because I think after the fourth of July it'll be illegal to
purchase that book I know I've been reading it every night thanks Neil okay
palie yeah the liberal media like Fox like cheap channel here is quite an
article how many pages is I think it's like eight pages it's on our website
today by I'll find it just give me some time I'm old and slow okay I'll read
it's Adelstein he's one of the FCC commissioners where's it where's my
article man it's story number eight Neil story number eight or is it number
twelve who's number twelve who's number six oh Jonathan S. Adelstein he's the one
of the Democratic Commissioners on the FCC who voted against this insanity a
dark storm cloud is looming over the future of the American media he says I'll
just read the first paragraph he says this is a sad day for me and I think for
the country I'm afraid a dark storm cloud is now looming over the future of
the American media this is the most sweeping and destructive rollback of
consumer protection rules in the history of American broadcasting and he is
absolutely correct I told you the dye was already cast the one of me in
difference if they would have had 20 million telegrams and protest and emails
from all over the country the dye was already cast thanks to Michael colon be my
daddy Powell and his cohorts as Republican partners in crime on the FCC
screw them disgrace an absolute disgrace Joseph Gerbos would be proud I guarantee
that right now he would be pleased as punch he'd be jealous 10 58 at 5 60 W.C.
way I'm are you bald well good luck to you don't call faster in culture
Caliary you have sexual performance problems go by some Viagra but if you're in a
dead end job I'll tell you who you ought to talk to the experts at fast
train because these people can have you fully trained or ready for new high
pain computer career in just for sure at months why would anybody in a right
mind want to be a sales hole when you can have a computer career just call
fast train toll three at one eight six six fast train fast trains got
locations all over town to said is boundary one easy to get to from where you
live they're in Miami Kendall for Lauderdale Pembroke Pines so call them
today there's no obligation they'll spend exactly how they can get you on the
road to a big fat paycheck call one eight six six fast train and don't forget
fast train offered job placement assistance financial aid convenient to
eating weekend classes to have no more excuses to stay in a crappy dead end
job working for peanuts because you knew careers just one phone call and four
quick months away jump on that fast train today call them toll free one eight six
six fast train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com
line and local time your sports radio five six weeks you a
m
the day it's just enough to pay my fail who I need your love
job this right this week for you
I hope you need my love
John my house payment is you oh
oh
me touch me you
me but me I need my share of love
John eight times a day eight times a day to teach my husband how to eight times a day
it's good to see you daddy
well love me every day John you're always on my tail
make me scream for page
John because soon I'll be in jail oh
oh me touch me you
me must me I need my share of love
John eight times a day eight times a day
all right eight times a day
the long fact can't be well a husband John is a little child always wanted to be a
firefighter which is why he spent so much time in a closet with his hose in his hand
love it oh five at five sixty w two a m can't be well it's for a higher on body
miracle escorts where do we get this from oh no what's wrong gonna say I know I know
oh no it's from a forky's neighbor hi I'm Kathy Willets for a higher on body miracle
escorts her rates are twelve hundred dollars an hour twenty four hundred dollars for
two hours six or twenty four hours call yeah twenty minutes call real fast hi I'm
can't be willets the legend and look at it's not even spelled right it's a
happy I'm can't be will tease the legend and look at that if you got it there it's
not even spelled right well she is kind of will take I'm Florida naughty nympho I
shocked the world of my story of insatiable hunger yeah you've seen me on Larry King live
her although hard copy in every major talk show and blah blah blah blah my favorite talk show
host our Howard Stern Ron and Ron Neil Rogers Larry King how do you like that uh-huh I've
started over 150 triple likes videos and one numerous awards at the avian award shows she's
certainly one of the award is the pastiest slut of all time what you think oh modeled although
I'm not sure if she's pastier than the Doreen I'm not ready to have him check that yeah Doreen
by the way had some tickets for her else morning in the some those lead tickets quick
get away Marlon tickets okay if you want to grab the audience away that's the sure way to do it
is keep up with his Marlon crap man it just try to force feed force feed anyway
speaker that Suzy and Weston is pissed off at George yeah I understand she said sorry George
but cats do save lives just like dogs this is sales neighbor so be nice to her I will
although you'll notice that all these stories that she's got on here she's got one two three
about a half a dozen there's another page don't fax it I didn't uh they're all Canadian a so
only Canadian cats can save lives Christmas 1968 Wyrton Ontario early Christmas morning jigs I
wonder if that's jigs McDonald a young sign means cat owned by mr. and Mrs. McGregor
proved himself a hero jigs roused the sleeping family when fire broke out although one resident
did die in the fire mr. Mrs. McGregor there two young sons and a grandmother escaped the flames
jigs had collapsed and the apartment had to be taken outside and revived here's a Ali
red tabby in waterloo ontario learned his owner to a fire that started from a crack in the
family's fireplace responding to Ali's persistent cries mr. Rosie awoke to find the living
in dining was filled with smoke and it goes on and on high sea it all has to do with the cats
screaming because they're in pain or choking on smoke and wakes up the owner that's not what the
story is is probably is true though Anita says the best video store around is video tape town 49
80 wasted land full of heart in margate the owner's name is Liz by the way is probably good friends
with Anita but that's good because weren't you would desperately need of a good video store
yes I was see I'm really concerned about when I come back to town which I'm not going to be
there very long but when I come back like in a wintertime for a longer period of time were
am I going to buy my videos my TV news because I'm sure not going to go to blockbuster and get that
censored crap that watered down bull crap well at one place I forget the name of in the awkward plaza
had a very good selection it just to know happened that somebody had bought happiness ahead of me
because we were talking about it yeah otherwise they would have had it they had it when I call
what kind of a place is it I mean I already know what kind of a place it is but what kind of a
town that you live in when you don't have big gigantic I'm not talking blackbuster either chain
stores like hmv or even sams which isn't a chain here anymore but that have zillions and zillions
of DVDs uncensored right huh it's never heard of buying censored material what kind of crap is that
sounds like something out of god damn Nazi Germany to me oh that's right I forgot it's south of the
border it says Liz knows everything about just about any movie she recommended Requiem and
happiness both of me which have both loves is Anita also has an ex room there you go George he has
an exerome that's not for me now not for you now here's the facts from wl and del ray who's
another chronic factor standing in the shadows of motown I saw I saw some clips from that is that
is that like a recent movie or something I don't know never heard of it and blind faith starring
cs dutton directed by urnus dickerson the okay do you care that uh kathy will its husband is
named Jeff and not john did I say john will it's right Jeff will it's not Jay who's with the Jay
you know momentum momentum jf john and then it's a washin in Morgan Freeman it's all the same you
know what I'm on who was the born again it was dug danziger wasn't that the uh yes
brown County commissioner born again right wing uh yeah he was on the client list okay here's the
wrap up of our poll for today see only 267 not even close to the 303 we had for a serious today
water pipe sir uh how do you rate and very glen Ross never saw it 132 49.4% so just over half of
the audience at least the ones who voted have seen it kneels right it's great 83 31% that's good
good 21 7 28 it sucks 20 7.4% say there's that same much of chronic and antagonists whatever you say
if you say it's Tuesday will tell you it's Thursday if you say it's raining we'll say it's sunny
if you say mo is an asshole we'll say you're right let's see it sucks 20 okay 7 and week 3
out of 267 okay here's our main poll for today where is it ready kneel shows on movies are are I see
yeah because probably there are people out here saying when you're gonna cut this crap already
huh when you're gonna stop when you're gonna stop being so movie intensive probably the answer
would be when I feel like it that probably would be my answer but we'll see kneel shows on movies
great a breath of fresh air good okay okay getting boring or ponderous effing ponderous I think
that's uh five pretty good choices there yeah covers the gamut 12 and it's passed 11 at 560 wqa m
and it's Friday
hocker and hocker is burning it through my roll
push push push push why we said bye got me up in my eye
if it plays this baby I don't know which way to go
oh
things like
let's say
1115 at 560 WQYM. Let's see Glenn Gary Glenn Ross was excellent says this fact speaking of Jack lemon
His performance in the days of line and roses was one terrific dramatic performance you guys ever see it
Nope says rich evil
Now that you mentioned I don't think I ever did see it
In fact, I forgot to remind myself with the momentum on my arm if I did see it. I don't think so that works pretty good
Okay, here's the final tally now. Let's see she had 303 Sarah
I'm afraid that the Glenn Gary ain't gonna get no 303
That's not bad. How do you rate the movie Glenn Gary Glenn Ross never saw 144
Niels write it's great 88 it sucks 24 good 22
Okay, nine and week three so the negative. Well, let's see you what negative 24 and three 27 out of 2 91 not too bad less than 10 percent
They liked it. You really ought to go see it
Go to the movie theater and see it. They're not showing it right now, but just how I put this on is that whatever crap you're showing now
Give me the Glenn Gary our Glenn Ross leads
And it's a pretty interesting twist there in the end too just when you think you know what it was all about
We're gonna which is good yet is good Martha Stewart not doing too good. Thank goodness Martha Stewart faces possible criminal charges
Her company said today in the insider trading scandal. It's taken her images a simple of tasteful living all right
Stewart's lawyers are told a company. She's the target of a criminal investigation by US attorneys in Manhattan
Which intends to request the grand jury to return an indictment against during the near future
And let me say it again. All right. Put that bitch in jail. Okay
She couldn't cook a tomato soup cake to save her life
Okay, we can get the new pull up there anytime that Erica feels like it. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing
We can get it up
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Glenn Gary Glenn Ross had to take all of our sales department put them in chairs tie in time into the chair
Put toothpicks in her eyelids like in a clockwork orange and forced them to watch that movie
Because they just can't get the job done there. I don't know what's going on in that place. There's just something really strange
I didn't hear that Llan has that same prop that Alec Baldwin carries around in his briefcase
Does she read that visual aid the big black one? Yeah, the brass uh the one there to come
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir Neil George. How you doing? Okay? All three movies and uh
Glenn Garrett. I've had a lot of actors and it was I thought that was really good. You know, they all kind of champs
um, you know
Keep have a good performance there and
Require him over dream that was that was great, but man, I was disturbing
10 yeah
Bridges about now the wall right now
The metal is probably my favorite um on the y but it just you have to watch it from the beginning, but
It's probably better the second time I watched it
You think I don't know if I could watch it the second time
Worth it. I need to
Is it yeah, it plays backwards so you know, I don't know what's going on
Yeah, that's true. You're I'm sending it to the very end and even then you're not quite sure
But you're right if you watch it the second time you get a better insight as to where they're going or where they've been
Yeah, I probably watch it
What will tell it was I always recommend that one, but I watch record of it during the other night. Whoa
That have me plastered to the to the seat there
Okay, well, I'm glad you liked it pali
Okay, have a great day
Why he sounds like he took maybe too many of the purple ones
Huh? Just think that's it
And here I thought the town is dry
What do you know you need to go see David apparently Matt Dylan's old buddy David nah, he's a loose cannon loose cannon
Don't do it David. Oh, jeez
Yeah, Dresstor cowboy is good, but just when you think see it was it was getting toward the end there a little bit too good to be true
I know
Although I did like the way he operated that drill press
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 when she says what kind of a job what do you do? He says I make holes. That was cute. I make holes
She was a loser man if ever there was one see women on drugs to me
I mean they might may not kill as many people, but women on drugs are a lot more devious and dangerous than men on drugs
We'll ever dream of being yeah, but it's a good thing they take them
Mia well, I can your household course no other places here's sunrise hello
Sunrise
Yes, Richard Roma. Yeah, my name is Richard Roma
You just cost me $6,000
$6,000
What are you gonna do about it?
Well, and for me I better clip it before
Fom or something what are you gonna do? There's a lot of those in that movie even Jack lemon like the guy said
Here's a lot of them around
I think what I'm gonna have to do is I'm gonna have to give me a second because I don't want to keep you slacking back and forth another DVD player
The stick in here and hook him through my little TV. There's a good idea, right?
Then we can place some of the audio clips from these great movies that new pole is going up any second
Don't you think be an or boy? Oh, yes
Now see actually
There's no difference
300 and three votes yesterday on Requiem for Dream and now 304 is the close to final total if he ever gets this guy
Dan pole over there 304
I'm going very good. I'm going raw so that's pretty consistent, huh?
Mm-hmm of which 50.3 percent never saw it which means then they're half of the audience
At least if the pole is supposed to write saw it as opposed to a Requiem for Dream 56 percent didn't see it
So that's something for you to do, okay? We keep begging you. We keep prodding you up. Don't you?
Even if only half of the if a third of the people like it as much as we did will be doing a tremendous service
Especially in June in the middle of that swamp
In the middle of the freaking Everglades known as South Florida
I could listen to forget the movie. I could just listen to the music all they want
I'm gonna be on television
Yeah, you know, you notice what a sweat she's in when she goes down to the when she gets on the subway or is it on the bus
Well, she on a bus. I think she everything taxi subway
And she's going to the TV station because she wants to know when she's supposed to be there
She wants to know when she's gonna be on television. Yeah, and the mucus carlis is making mucus
Symbols hands on my knee. I saw dry and sticky and
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 80 I will say this from add Dylan last time drugstore cowboy
At least he didn't have the purple elbow, you know like Harry
Man, there was an awful lot of injecting going on a movie last night, but at least they were a little more careful
Yeah, they post the stickin at same big purple spot
That infected blotch that Harry had on his arm
Yeah, that movie was so good. I was I was literally shocked at how good it was how much I enjoyed it and I can really say that shocked
Then I'll tell you the other one and nobody's talked about we'll do it one day since we got like a whole bunch of days
The game did you which you finally saw which you had already seen I had already seen it with Michael Vagris
Right, but that's all one timer because once you know what's gonna happen
That's all all the oomph is in that right. Oh, I'm absolutely the ending is where it's all about
I mean it is a sensation
Frustrating and guessing right. Mm-hmm. I'll confuse
Here's plantation hello
Plantation
Going once plantation is gone
Here's Miami hello, yeah, yes, sir. Hello, my Canadian pit of file friend
Hmm
Hmm five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T of Horizon Wireless line right since the adult
They're having rights in Seattle as we speak on MSNBC. I don't you might have it on something
Like I always go to MSNBC if I'm actually happy
Let's see MSNBC cut away from it sound like 133. I just want the information gathering
New jabber on the phone while driving
Well, that's the end of that. Yeah, see that'll teach you to give me to go to MSNBC
It's a bad mistake on my part. Damn it
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Lauderdale, yeah, that's good sir
I'm glad you watched
Glen Gary Glen Ross
I think if
Baldwin would have been
Consulting your cell staff they would have said
Water is proposing
Yeah
um
Looking at my notes here Neil. I know you
Yeah, well throw that one out whatever we note that was on throw it out
All right
What do you think about the NHL considering a larger
Goal met I think that's the most stupid thing I've heard it's typical of what you expect from Gary Batman
What's gonna solve the problem of the NHL is to stop though is to actually call all the obstruction
Though hooking and attacking and the holding and the crap they keep pretending they're gonna do it
And they won't do it the great players can't be great and it's it's it's terminal Gary
Batman and his colleagues there have destroyed the game. It's its ponderous
Luder Chris I'm glad you agree with me as Luder Chris. It's a disgrace
I haven't watched the total of ten minutes of these final of the series
Well, I watched the game last time I mean it's hockey so you gotta watch yourself
It's that no it's not hockey and we don't have to watch it
Because there's a hockey game on means we have to watch it
Well, why did they pass that law? I want to watch
I want to see who's gonna win the Stanley Cup. I couldn't care less
I couldn't give a crap about either one of these teams
And either one of these teams would be in it if it weren't for this clutch and grab Jersey wouldn't be there in a million years
If it weren't for the fact they play that coma style and that's all they do is like
Chase guys into the corners and drag them down
Interfer with guys who don't have the puck. They just don't call stuff. There's no game anymore. It's it's bad news
It was interesting to read that Gary Batman is you know call this you know
This is an entertainment. This is entertainment. We need to find a way to you know
For the fans
It's odd that there's kind of crime exchange
Gary Batman's an asshole man. Have a great day. Okay, find your notes
See I'd rather watch the a preseason game the Leafs and the Savers let's put that on the other rest of the day
What do you say? It sure beats that guy's notes
Oh, no Lutheran priest is spread it after claiming God and internal life don't exist
Copenhagen a Lutheran priest was suspended the after his remarks that God doesn't exist and there's no eternal life
Or ankle many of his peers in Denmark state church. Haha nice god pops
Thor killed Roseball the pastor of tar bake a town of 51,000 just north of capital of Copenhagen said in a recent interview that there is no heavenly God
There is no eternal life and there is no resurrection
That's the only correct sure the claims have mystified church leaders in this Scandinavian country of 5.3 million
We're about 85% of the population belongs to the state evangelical Lutheran church yet just 5% of 10 church services regularly
About like Italy where they're all Catholics, but only I think it's 7% go to church. No 3% 3% Italy
Yep, U.S. is very much out on a limb in every guard
Very much out on a limb most of the rest of the world is finally caught on except across the those 10th world countries
Like the ones were bushes hanging out these days
with a la I
Wonder what they think about that. I wonder what they think about his take on
Islam and a la and all of these things, huh? I guess we'll have to ask here's the a new poll is up there now
Let's see never saw it. Neils write. It's great. It's he's working on it Eric is working on it feverishly now
28 past 11 at 560 WQ and you had to be working on losing some weight feverishly because it's bad free
And out of the way you look like a tub not only can't you find any clothing that looks human
But also it's bad for your health. That's probably the most important part
You become diabetic. No fun take it for me. I've had diabetes for 16 years. No fun
Look at all the things you can't eat anymore
If you want to lose that weight and get your health back and start looking human balance for life can up you do it
Ponytail over there to pizza lot and lots of other people our audience have lost a crap load away with balance for life
Because even for the laziest of the lazy and the dumbest of the dumb it works because you don't have to make any decisions
Well the only decision you do is fill out that menu once a week two choices for every meal and every snack that's on the program
And that's it and they deliver right to your door every morning all your food for the entire day
It's in there in your little black sack three delicious fresh gourmet meals two delicious snacks. They're in there
And you'll be full like I said all day long and the weight will melt off your body
Everything is fresh and delicious nothing pre-fed no artificial ingredients no additives no garbage
So pick up that phone call balance for life today if you've tried all the others and failed
This might be the answer you weight loss problems once and for all call 954
568 3229
954 568 3229 or check them out of the web at balance for life dot com
Buts and biking coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
The startling true story of a man who wouldn't listen to his manager and ended up biting it very hard
He was Terence Trent Darby
You're one of the college first album introducing the hotline. I said okay trendy New York loft boy
I don't know what the fuck it means but go ahead Terence Trent Darby's manager Chet Stools
You're looking back. I should have known
The guy has three names, you know like Harry handstrong purple grip or something
You know that pretentious upper west side. We think we're British horse with a success of his first single wishing well
Stools urge Darby not to alienate his fans with any more quote fruity-assed art crap
Unquote but Darby didn't listen his second album would completely unnoticed
It's title neither facial nor flesh a soundtrack of love faith hope and resurrection
Can you believe it? I said Terence I'm dying here. I got three kids who need toilet paper to wipe their runny asses
And you give me fish and flesh and hope and resurrection. I ought to kill you as Chet Stools home and business went into foreclosure
He begged Darby to listen to reason
Unmoved Darby released a third record
Symphony or damn
Exploring the tension inside the sweetness if I ever see this
Again, I am gonna ram his contract so far up his ass. He was going to say ass
But tonight for the first time Terence Trent Darby himself responds to accusations that he's a complete
Hey, that's a great title for an album the artist responds to accusations that he's the complete
Christ I need a new job
It's a big juicy shopping with liquid show business tonight on inside of a honey
1133 is 560 W3 and the new poll is in the process of being up. Isn't it? Oh brother. What is he doing up there?
Uh, I asked him yesterday. So he's got to remove votes and stop people from voting long enough
So he can clear out those votes and get a new poll up. So in other words, this is created a lot more work doing these two polls every day. Yeah
All right excellent work off some calories Eric has good for you
Did see chicks ruffle more feathers
So you could keep the music going
Just as the controversy appeared to be dying down after the Vixich's Natalie mains mildly ridiculed president Bush before the start of the Iraq war country radio programmers are
Disappointed in the group lots of gain. Oh
This time they take issue with the fact that mains apparently chose to take a shot at fellow country musician Toby Keith during her
May 21 performance in the Academy of Country Music Awards means war sleeveless shirt with letters FU TK on the front
Got that
Yeah, but she says it stood for something else. I'm going on here. Would you just relax
Most viewers including award show presenter Vince Gill interpret letters as an expletive aimed at Keith
After opening the envelope that reveal Keith the one and I's biggest award entertainer the year Gill clipped
I think his name was on someone shirt tonight
For WSTU Philadelphia assistant program director slice music director cattle act jack
Main shirt was the shows only disappointment with all the patriotism in the year that night it was a downer completely unnecessary says
I was disappointed with them yet again
Just when you think the it's safe to add the chicks back in the rotation KZK
X-link and the rest of the PD Brian Jennings says oh Natalie why do you make it so hard to love you
Now what does she say it stood for?
Freedom unity truth knowledge something like that right
Nice going on Natalie keep sticking to a money
I think it's go girl you go girl friend
This story about the Mexican guy in the marijuana. This is this is so freaking American man
Man can sue government for selling him marijuana car true story
Carls just perked up Los Angeles
A Mexican network is it's a Mexican
I never want to
A Mexican national may sue the US government for selling him a car with a hidden load of marijuana
Then arresting him when he tried to cross the US Mexico border in it a federal appeals court is ruled that'll learn him
The ninth circuit quit of appeals found yesterday the government's argument that it should be immune from Jose Aguado
Servantes lawsuit was so off the mark as to be embarrassing
Just like the federal government's position on drugs in the first place is embarrassing just like the so-called war on drugs is
Embarrassing just like the US's pressure on Canada to like a water down near a decriminalization marijuana laws embarrassing
The appellate panel reinstated surveillance negligence claims against the government for allegedly failing to find a
Remove the drugs from the car he purchased in July of 1999 to the US Marshall service auction in San Diego
Four months earlier the car was seized by the INS after was used to transport illegal immigrants into the US
But agents apparently failed to notice a 199 pounds of marijuana secreted in its bumper the court said
But the justice is decided that Surveillance resident of Mexico could not sue for false imprisonment or false arrest because US
Customs agents who found the pot when Surveillance tried to cross the border for Mexico to be West
October of 99 had reasonable cost to believe his arrest was lawful
what
Surveillance spent three and a half months in jail charged with drug smuggling
He was released after US investigators realized that the marijuana which had been welded into the bumper
Was so decomposed that it could not possibly have been placed there just months earlier
Surveillance attorney Steven S. Day of San Diego be saying oh
brother
How do you like that
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T new pull is up
Neal shows on movies are always just got a smattering about it. Just one up this moment
How many folks we got 22
Neal shows on movies are great of breath of fresh air six
Okay, five getting boring five ponderous effing ponderous five and good one uh-oh
See there you go. They're getting pissed off and fired up
Although it's interesting note that we had as many votes on Glingery like one more than we had on
Sarah
The day before
But I think we pushed him right to the edge just like old mailman Rick
They got their finger on the knob right now. They get ready to change the dial ready second them any second now
They're gonna change it out because I've pushed him right to the edge
Here's four lottery. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey
I checked out a couple movies last night. I pleasantly enjoyed the first one was Fargo. Yeah. Yeah
That was good
Second one forget about it. That that changed my life. That was great.
Dr. Rascal. Yeah, they portray Miami. It's like a different world. I guess I wasn't the 70s back here
What's the name? I'm a youngster. So I wouldn't know that and
Also a movie you might like to check out they make one of the dog the stupid dog shows is a movie called Best in Show
Okay, movie. I like this little terminal, but it's worth a watch
I got it down. It's good and finally
Including Badgers. We don't need no stinkin Badgers. Okay, palmy
See ya
560560 the movie shows are getting ponderous so you call and talk about something other than the movies please anything else
What do you laugh at all hold my breath? Well, you know they can't do that that they can't do anything other in fact
I'm just watching the calendar right now
For starting on the fourth of July goes into my summer schedule for this year where I'm only doing two days and thursday's
And I'm gonna say on the fourth of July
That's what I'm gonna say
Because we have reached that impasse, you know, we've reached the point where like we all we need to recharge our batteries
Because the audience well, let's see what year was it that they ran out of material 18 what?
80 yeah, they ran out of material a long time ago
But boy, you give them a chance to add a name to a list
Right even if it's right wrong wrong list
That's right just just a name even if it's a list that we did the week before man. They got their thumb right on it
In fact, that's the that we should have a billboard in honor of the audience saying
That should be it that should be our model
560560 let's talk about Brian greasy. Yeah
How come I comments about the marlin thing didn't get any response. Oh, that's right because we're not supposed to be talking about that
Maybe they're just being obedient
Quit the marlin talk on this radio station. I'm not trying to be bush boss. Did night tell him Jimmy and Danny was not a one at the
Notice that that was killing this radio station was neither guy. Yeah, Jimmy and Danny Danny and Jimmy
Even the assholes in programming there even a sports nerds like Clarence were saying
Jesus when you guys gonna cut this crap out already
It's getting effing ponderous just like kneels a movie shows really ponderous
Let's see how's it going. Oh, yeah see that 16 look at that
Negative see I was enjoying him a lot
I was thinking maybe we're open up some new avenues for a lot of people out there some new flicks that they otherwise might never see
Just like I've enjoyed the last couple of weeks, but no they hated
They can't stomach it
Looking at that result. Yes, it doesn't have to make a grown man weep. I don't buy it
Neil shows on movies are we got 53 votes. It's the early returns, but not looking too promising not too promising at all
Ponderous effing ponderous 16
Getting boring 12 great of breath of fresh year 10 okay 10 good five
28 to 25 the negatories have it so far the negatories
Just when you feel like you're doing something worthwhile when you feel like you're opening up a little bit of entertainment to a dead-ass place
What a goddamn average person is like?
Like that on a good day
Now we don't like it Neil. We want something new we want something different and they're exciting
And I and I'll say also the thing with the hot the it goes to show you their attention span is very short mm-hmm
Like the hot couples contest. We had a tremendous response on a previous one
American
And just like all of these so-called reality shows and who wants to be a million area
They think that if they put it on over and over again, but they don't understand the attention span is very short
Oh, well, wait come on give us a new game to play now
Give us something new and exciting we're tired of that game
1142 at 560 WQM how about some new hair from Chuck Alphieri
Charlie is simply the best in the world at what he does using the very latest technology
Charles Alphieri produces sensational results for guys out there who need a lot or watch us the little more hair with the most amazing
Natural hairline in the universe. I mean some guys walk around looks like a civet cat died on their head
And people are running in all directions to get away from as fast as they can
But Charlie for over 25 years now has been making guys look great with his natural hairline system
Like I said, it's the latest technology
And you can't even tell that's not the real thing because it looks like the hair is growing out of your scalp
Not like some animal dropped from the sky and hitch in a forehead
Or like somebody drilled some holes in your head or god forbid taking those dangerous pills that don't work
Anyway, I'm really pro-piss your off and everybody gets Charlie's
30-day guarantee so you can often lose but your shiny balls
But because if after 30 days you don't love the way it looks in the fields
If you're not getting ahead at least 15-20 times a day
Charlie give you a full refund no questions asked at all
Call today be sure mention the arages it means that extra 200 bucks off the already low price and keep in mind
Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems wide you wait mo for only 25 to 30 bucks
Call toll-free today and get your hair back from Chuck Alpheary
1-800-321-24-13
1-800-321-24-13 or log on to his website Charles Alpheary.com
I beg of you local this is 560
The radio's on your
Q-A-M
Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
it's
I'm going to move my voice away.
I'm going to sing.
I look you like it.
So the air is bleeding.
Let's do the high-quality dance.
Let's do the high-quality dance.
What do we get to do left?
Make sure the door is open wide.
Put your hands on the candy cap bar.
Let's put your hands in the car.
Let's stay down on the floor.
Let's put your hands in the car.
Let's do the high-quality dance.
All right.
When I was walking through this toilet and I sure got scared.
I showed you the feet at the door and it was high-quality.
The fungared the roller was the second I faced and he said,
I am Harry, I am Harry, but today it was the kindest fail
that you did all those things.
I went and I have the exact name plain.
Let's do the high-quality dance.
Let's do the high-quality dance.
What do we get to do left?
Make sure the door is open wide.
Hold the nice and the pull down your pants.
Make sure the door is open wide.
Hold the nice and pull down your pants.
Let's do the high-quality dance.
I am 48 at 560 WQA and he would have been good in that movie.
I am 99 votes and boy it is looking really bad on our movie.
We just call it a phase that we went through and we will just move on.
Movie will have to when a doubt toss it out.
They don't like it.
The show is on movies are Pandorus, F&Pondorus, 30.
About 30, man.
Getting boring, 22.
See when the two negative categories are 1 and 2, that's not a really good sign.
OK, 20.
See even OK is like Luke Worm.
Great, a breath of fresh year, 14 and good only 13.
Now the first 99 votes.
Not looking too good.
So I guess we'll wrap that up right now.
Never discuss it again.
Never discuss it in movies again when I'm talking about the Marlin.
We will not talk about movies.
We will not talk about politics.
Right, no bad culture.
We won't talk about religion.
We won't talk about the weather.
We won't talk about geography, geometry, history, trigonometry, algebra, calculus,
class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class
class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class, class
class class class, class, class class, class class class. class Calding positions have the
official policy here guys now to read bring course Rolls-Button's
like a metabolite as a fedron because a fedra because it's killing people. That's why they're
clamping on it because it's killing people. No one's outside because you didn't solve the instructions
you had health problems. No, you're wrong. No, I'm not. I used it for two years now. I'm fine.
I don't care if you used it for 20 years. It's bad stuff. It's a stimulant. It's not bad. It's not bad.
Okay, you keep telling. Keep going. I've taken them calls in a year. Okay, if you're still alive. Oh my god.
The fedra is bad crap. It's a matter of fact. Too bad. You're right. It didn't have some. It's not bad.
I beg your pardon? Oh, I was just making fun. Oh, that's good.
See, that's what we're going to get. That's what we're going to be getting from now on. Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello.
Any ongoing. Okay. How's the weather in P.O today? How's the weather? It's a kind of murky and 66 today. Not bad.
My armpits tripping like Niagara Falls right out here. So it's got to be better than that. Yeah.
I heard somebody told me that the problem with the cars up in Toronto is mainly in the like the
Oriental section. No, that's not true at all. What did he have told you that?
That's something that I'm talking to. There isn't any problem in the community. It's confined to two or three hospitals.
There isn't any of it in the general community. None. Zero. Okay. That's so let's hear. Anyway, Brian
McGatney, the panther B. Rear right up here talked to Brian VM about how well they're doing. He
said he basically sat down here. The problem was they told him to cut payroll as soon as we
went to the cup. And that's why he has to get rid of all the players. So he was saying we could have
kept him together, but they didn't want to pay him. They should like tomorrow. Well, you know, that's
a good excuse. But I guess he conveniently forgot that he brought his brother in here to coach the
team, which all the players despised him like poison. In fact, all the players in the league despised
Terry Murray like poison and really ruined the whole chemistry on the team. So it's very easy for him
to find other scapegoats now, which seems to be the number one habit with everybody connected with
the panthers. But he screwed this thing up. Him and Torrey screwed it up and his brother big time.
It's kind of funny that we went. Panthers wanted to come up with a rookie coach. And now that ducks are
doing the rookie coach, that's anything, anything through that or just went to the... No, I don't think
there's, I mean, that car's probably a good coach, but the fact is it's a question of who gets
hot at the right time. That's what the playoffs are all about. And if the kind of hockey we're seeing
here in the finals and through most of the playoffs this year, if that's what the game has become,
I just not interested anymore. It's just it's cock-ass crap. It's just kind of sad. We, you know, I talked
a couple weeks ago, we knew if this came down to the Dustin devil, there was going to be, you know,
one of the lower games. And then the ratings, man, you can't complain about the ratings because
there aren't any. I mean, even in Canada, the ratings are half of what they were. Yeah, I don't,
I don't doubt at all. I think the only thing we've switched, we can't change the maps, we can't
change the ring size. It's got to be the rules we cracked on. It's just what the guys skate instead of
hook-up and then that one. Well, hold your breath. Gary Bowen, don't find a problem. Well, you didn't
watch the end science, right? Did you watch the end of the game? I beg your pardon? Did you watch
the end of the game last night? Last night, I watched maybe five minutes of it. Did you watch that
on ABC or did it? No, on CBC. They've got some goofy thoughts that they're going to interview all
the stars, you know, all the personalities, you know, they come out of commercial breaks and they
were showing the CEO of Disney almost every other shot and all I can think of when I see that.
Hi, sir. Hi, sir. Yeah. Okay, have a great day, Pally. One of the new. We're
closing. Yes. Has anybody talked about the website? Yes, that's it.
Anybody talked about the website that's in the news rent a negro.com? No.
All right, check it out. What is that? No, just check it out on the
chat. Okay, but okay, have a great day. Oh, thanks for the memories. I'm starting to feel
like Bob Hope, you know, 100. Here's the facts from RC and Miami says I've mentioned this to
a couple of video stores in response was that I'm a cook. I'm interested in your opinion.
Well, it probably is a cook if you listen to this show. Imagine that you could walk in and
score a list of available movies. This instead of slowly meandering through the aisles with your
available movies. How about you? The list could be easily built with a computer program to make
selection fast ever list. I mean, that's you're a cook RC. You're a cook. You're a crazy person.
It says that that's a video story to get my business to. I mean, that's just crazy, crazy man.
Get some help. See Sarah for some good stuff. Okay.
And if you see Harry, tell him to stay out of arms way.
Wow. Yeah, let me go into a record store and instead of looking to see if they got the record,
I want just give me a list of all the stuff you got. Well, it borders, which one is it borders?
Borders. They have like a computerized card catalog that the public can go up and access to see
what discs are there before they go look for them. I mean DVDs. I would assume, but I don't know
if it's for sure. Yeah. Half of the first of all, half of the fun of buying DVD, at least for me,
or music for that matter is going into a good store that's got a tremendous selection and looking
through and all the, oh, I haven't seen that in a long time. I heard that was really great and
you picked something up that you never intended to get in the first place. Little impulse shopping.
And looking at it, I'm going to go into public. Give me a list of everything you got.
Public. Instead of my wasting time with a shopping cart going up and down a house,
just give me a list of everything you got public's direct. And then you know what I can do with it,
right?
Get out of the house.
We're sports radio 516.
You A.M.
I will start with your goth from a spokeo.
When you want to get your yayas looking at some yabas, go to the Gaza.
Strip joint that is hello, I'm Joey Gaza.
Owner and proprietor of the Gaza Strip joint. And Vite News to come on down to the Gaza Strip
where we feature a wide range of talented girls that can perform amazing acts with a dollar bill
or in one of our fleshly-apprented back rules. This week's headliner at the Gaza is Gaja.
You're going to love this one, guys. She squids grenades out of her thing.
So get your yayas and take down the Gaza Strip joint located just one mile east of the
industrial complex across from the abandoned Sinclair station.
1211.
1211 isn't Sinclair to want to have the dinosaur on it?
Yes indeed. I think it was.
Anyway, date and daily news, somebody facts this in.
Project could put your life at the Pentagon's fingertips. This sounds promising, not.
In fact, I do want to pull in this newspaper, date and daily news.
Would you want to die with that records your every move? 526 votes so far?
518 say no.
And eight say yes.
The eight, I guess people are looking for a lot more attention.
Coming to you soon from the Pentagon, the diary to end all the
theories, a multimedia digital record of everywhere you go and everything you see,
hear, read, say and touch. Even your rectum.
Known as life log, the projects have been put out for contract debates by the
Defense Events Research Project Agency or DARPA, the agency that helped build the internet that's
not developing anti-terrorism tools. The agency doesn't consider life log as an anti-terrorism system.
I got a log form, but a tool to capture one person's experience in an interaction with the world
through a camera microphone and sensor is worn by the user. Everything from heartbeats to
travel to internet chatting would be recorded. The goal is to create breakthrough software that
helps analyze behavior habits and routines according to Pentagon documents.
The products of the Ancline-Classified Project would be available to both the private sector
and other government agencies, a concern to privacy advocates.
DARPA's Jan Walker said life log is intended for users who give their consent to be monitored.
At least in the beginning, it could enhance the memory of military commanders and improve
computerized military training by chronicling how users learn and then tailoring training
according to the official set. But John Pike of GlobalSecurity.org, a Defense Analysis Group,
is dubious the project has military application. I have a much easier time understanding how big
brother would want this than how Rumsfeld would use it Pike said. They haven't identified a
military application yet. In fact, if the generals want to remember something,
why not just write it down on your shirt sleeve or on the chest, write it on your chest,
on your leg, back with thigh. You have to write it on backwards so you can read it in the mirror.
Yeah, they can write it on their rectum or they can put like a little chalkboard around their neck
like what's your name Anthony Hopkins. Get the chalk! The yield shows on movies are killing
this audience. They're how upset, 153 votes and the outlook isn't good man. It's not good.
Let's talk hockey. No. You know, we finally get to the most boring, the most unwatched, the most
ponderous stand-acup finals maybe in history, at least in modern history. And now all of us
said we're getting a hockey calls. Please spare me. I'd rather talk about the Marlins and I'm going to
die before I'll talk about the Marlins. Nothing to talk about. They've destroyed the game. What is
there to say? Sucks, ponderous. Niels, as a matter of fact, if you had a choice, because you don't
like it in the first place, but even if you were a sports fan, if you had a choice between watching
a sporting event that you knew was going to suck or sticking some DVDs in there, a couple of movies
that you never saw or haven't seen in a long time that you enjoyed. Is it a tough choice? No. No.
And speaking of boring sporting activities, I'm over there in Amsterdam and on the BBC,
they had a really hysterical documentary. It was about soccer, hooliganism. What I like to see
that? Yeah. And they showed, and of course a lot of the soccer matches wind up nil nil. You know,
a squirrel is nothing, nothing. Because soccer is ponderous and boring. It's crap. That would piss me off.
But a lot of those people that go there don't really care what the score is or what they actually
is, because they just go there, they're professional hooligans, and they go from one game to another,
they get on buses. They showed the whole thing. They went to Amsterdam, they went here. Just to
stir up a bunch of crap and to get in a big brawl with the fans of the opposing team. What also
there to do? Yeah, Brits. So one of the guys, and of course all of these guys, I would say 95% of them,
the same big thick neck, you know, with a big head. Buckethead Englishman. And they interviewed a
one guy and the caption on the screen said, Joe Williams, whatever, ex hooligan, ex hooligan,
only the British could come up with an ex hooligan. I thought that was just, you know, ex
ass murderer, you know, or here's a picture of Greg Reed exogenous. Of course, I must have been before
we met him. 5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. It's looking really lame for the movie shows.
Neil shows on movies are ponderous, effing ponderous 50, 30.4% getting boring, 34. I mean,
they're like hostile. They're coming at us with the barrels just, just,
amazing. Okay, 30, good, 26, and great. A breath of fresh air is sucking winds, sucking gasping
for oxygen in the last place, only 24. Well, it's a good thing we took that pool, you know what?
Yeah, let's start talking about cats now. First, you want to talk about pussy cats,
you go ahead. I'll save that for when I'm on vacation soon. That long, long, much-a-weighted summer
of break. Oh, I'm squeezing my kneecaps and so excited about the prospect of that.
See, I thought the movie thing, we really were, you know, the response on the internet was great,
calls were pouring in. Sure. And you think you're really, you know, doing something for people
and you're enjoying it yourself. Ah, no, we don't like it. No matter what it is, we don't like it.
What's he doing today? No matter what, no matter what it is, you shouldn't have admitted you were
enjoying it. Yeah. Hey, it's just like the bedtime stories. Oh, oh, oh, whoa, man, they didn't
just dislike that. They hated that like poison sitting there listening to some asshole reading
crap on the air for four hours every day. Forget about that. We want to listen to all these great
calls you get Neil. Chamba. Chamba. Maricone. Is this the Canadian penifile? Maricone. Chamba.
That's what we want to hear. Some real, there's a lot he's doing Chamba now. That's him.
And then of course the whispering guy. I'd attached the bro. Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Miami. Going once. Nobody on seven. I think he stole his material.
Here's Port Saint Lucy. Hello. Nice to meet you. Oh, God. Yes, sir. I got home yesterday from work
ran into the computer room so I could vote on your poll like any good fan would do. And I couldn't
help but notice that the beastly stock watch is spike like somebody had shot it out of a can.
And so I'm starting to think about why would they go up 20% in a day and then it's hitting me that
the FCC rules means that clear channels now as a freedom to buy more stations. Not really. The new
ruling had little or nothing to do with radio. It only had to do with radio and newspapers but now
with more owning more radio stations. No, I thought that if a market was a certain size,
they could add one more station depending on the size of the market. That was. Yeah, that's true.
That part is true. Yeah, but that's how it's like Miami. If they owned eight now they can own nine,
if they own seven now they can own eight. That's pretty much the word. That's a possibility. Maybe
that's why we have no spots on the log. Maybe our sales department is phasing out and they're
bringing the cheap channel people in. The sales going to go through any day. Oh, maybe I'm just
paranoid, but here's where I start to get a little freaky. Keep channel word to buy out your
station. They're not allowed to have two stations in the same format and the same market, correct?
Because under this more choices all the time like Michael Powell says less owners means more.
That's not true at all. They have CCs got nothing to do with formats. I thought that they were
only allowed to have because of monopoly rules. I thought that they weren't allowed to have two
country stations because then they would divide up the country pie and maybe I've got a misunderstanding
in the way it works. I remember where did you read that? I never heard anything about content.
They're not interested in content in format. Let's just say do that. I thought that was.
What's that? For example, Cox Broadcasting owns Hot 105 and WEDR which are both hip hop stations.
There's no prohibition for doing that. They could take the coast and make it in a hip hop tomorrow
if they wanted. They could hop it all the way to the upor house. Okay, I'm sorry, I was
misunderstanding the way it worked then. I just have this paranoid thing about you getting a two-year
vacation. I mean I know you'd like it. Oh, it's a two-year vacation. Great. Hey,
speaking of movies because everybody hates them so much. Have you ever seen Clark? It's a little
watched movie but I thought it was brilliant. It's sort of low budget but the dialogue is good
enough to keep you interested in it. Clarks? Clarks. It's a black and white movie. It's basically
what started off and I know you probably hate him like poison but the first one was actually brilliant.
The Jay and Silent Bob thing. Oh, that's a great day pal. Thank you.
I'm not a big fan either. Oh, Jay and Silent Effing Bob man. Wow, just when you thought it
couldn't get any more dastardly you know it. Jay and Silent Freaking Bob. Those are the same
people that want to watch Caddy's Shack 20 times a day. Neil shows on movies are I mean what's
the point of I even reading this full anymore? You know I mean it's 184 votes but if the die has been
cast wouldn't you say? Sure. Show's on movies are ponderous, effing ponderous 57, getting boring 41
and there's no point in reading the rest out of just under 200. No point. The die has been cast.
They don't like it. Let's go see a great movie. I don't want to. I don't want to.
Reminds me of some of my retarded relatives. I don't want to. Okay. Don't want to play that game.
Like I said though it's a dang good thing we nipped this in the button. We took the pool right now.
They hate it. They don't just dislike it. They despise it. Not as much as they despise George but damn
near. And that's really saying a lot. 10 minutes passed. No one for those of you who despise George
don't forget. Mark it down in your calendar starting the 5th of July. That's my mother's birthday.
Look on a calendar back there, Boenervoy. Is the 4th on a Friday or Thursday?
Friday. Oh so like I said 4th it's like on the 8th of July is when George gets started to
collect those two summer months most of the time.
Now exciting. I'm pretty excited. I'll see you Tuesdays and Thursdays.
And I certainly hope that if I just happen to be in here in the morning like maybe a pump
and some bedtime stories over to Boenervoy like at 9.30 in the morning I don't hear.
Neil, Neil if you're there come on Neil with us. Neil.
I hope I don't hear that. That's not a way down. Those days you kept chiming in.
What are you talking about? You kept chiming in and cue.
Making me laugh. Raking Carlos last distracting.
No, no, no. You're not remembering the day that I'm talking about. This was a different day.
Oh I know what you're talking. That was just joking. I know you didn't want to come on.
It was just joking? Yeah. Not based on Boenervoy sounded like his life depended on it.
Right. Which is why I kept real quiet. Uh-huh. 11 minutes passed. No, that's 560 WQM.
Barber Cues galore has got an unbeatable slush to grills that you won't find.
Can't find any place else because nobody else has them.
This week check out their incredible deal on the three burner barber Cues
share for only $199 with 42,000 BTUs, a 625 square inch cooking area,
and a built-in hood thermometer you can't beat this deal for Popeye International Gas Grill.
For your traditionalist stuff there check out the beef master charcoal grill for just $199.
With more than 600 square inches of cooking space cast air and cooking grills
and adjustable fire grate and a full with ash catcher,
both these grills will make a perfect father's day gift. It'll knock dad right on his ash.
And speaking of fathers day, Barber Cues galore has got hundreds of great gift ideas for dad
for under 50 bucks. Barber Cues galore carries the biggest selection of barber Cues and accessories
including liquid propane, natural gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies,
all at the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere, and be sure and take advantage while you're
at it of no payment savings cash financing until January 2004 on approved credit.
Two great locations for in South Florida Barber Cues galore is on university grab plantation
in the fountain shopping center you can call them there at 9.5.4.4.2.3.4.400 and a cruel
springs you'll find them at 7.4.85 west sampler road that's on a corner of sample and rock island roads.
Call them there at 7.5.4.7.5. What is it? 9.5.4 get it right. 7.5.7.668.9.5.4.7.57.668.
Barber Cues galore ride guarantee you'll find everything you need for barber Cuing all summer long.
Sometimes art imitates life but in the case of Eddie Murphy life imitates art such as Beverly Hills Cop
thing of feel. Hey Cuey you might have ticked my hand up your what the hell is that or trading places.
This way you sit on this and out 48 hours and many hours of community service and the nutty
professor I know what time that's up but I prefer I thought that he was a she and we can't forget
in America that is coming to America sometimes life in art go hand in hand just like any Murphy and
his prostitute. Prop 16 at 560 don't send me any more faxes from the monkey man please he's you know he
means well but he's in the end. Uh jury the abuyant guy another chronic I like I said what date what's
the date today and the bad news become what the date is today I look at my watch this morning yeah
I must have accidentally hit the uh something on it the stem it says March 3rd.
If this was March 3rd everything else being equal to what it is right now I would definitely
that would be it that would be the end.
Jury the abuyant guy who is obsessed and really just out of control he says watch
Requiem for a dream finally last night unfortunately the stink had edited version from blockbuster.
We don't have any alternatives since our community is so heavily influenced by Gzoids.
I don't understand I thought now this the uh return number on here is 212 I thought he's in New York
that's New York and I understand that that's what I'm saying but it's so what is he talking about
they have blockbuster is uh get all the videos in New York New York as I don't understand what
he's talking about anyway he says phenomenal film especially the performance by Ellen Burst and
the scene where she's doing this room-to-dance in front of the refrigerator almost made me lose control
of my bowels then he goes on about Frank Zappa and he's pleased that I like Frank Zappa and you
like Frank Zappa one clarification what I didn't say anything one clarification or Frank never
used recreational drugs of any kind effectively was so immediately any drug he tended to alienate
a great number of potential fans his only vices were caffeine and tobacco the latter probably
contributing to his ultimate demise from prostate cancer at age 52 in other words he spilled dead okay
Jerry have a great life and cut the crap five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon wireless line all of a sudden we come to a real general you would call it a
demarcation point like a fork in the road a folk in the road and we discover much to my dismay and
chagrin if the audience despises the this movie shows the disgust of movies the suggestion of
titles all of these things they hate it overwhelming Neil show the 205 votes Neil shows on movies are
ponderous having ponderous 66 getting boring for to and keep in mind these are the people who are
still listening right these are the ones who have turned it off and discussed and dismay and just
ran away and maybe act as little gay here's Miami hello Neil yes sir how's it going
okay yeah i wanted to recommend movie to you because i heard you recommend some of the movies during the
week the boondocks saying the what the boondocks saying William the foes in it yeah actual movie you need
to just check it out okay okay thanks we're not doing movies didn't hear i guess you didn't get
the message somebody write the message on his arm maybe forgot i'll send him a momentum write it
out his ankle send him a memo no more movies ever ever again in fact i'm going to watch another movie
all the ones that i got here i'm going to put them into god damn in the trash i was getting all
excited about which one i was going to watch today i know well i'm going to watch him for my own
enjoyment screw the audience you know we don't have to talk about how many people out there would have
never seen that movie if it wasn't for us assholes i'm certainly not going to watch training
big because i've already seen it even though it does have Ethan hawk and i like Ethan hawk a lot
and also isn't Morgan Freeman in that isn't he always and magnolia now what what is magnolia
about besides frogs i'll fill up see more Hoffman's in it and that's another reason why you would like
the uh tell them mr. Ripley because and he that that's probably his best role ever in that movie
he's great Freddie Freddie the uh bomb the vaughan okay i'm i'm telling you like it i'll watch it for
free Jeremy blackman Tom Cruise Melinda Dylan Philip Baker Hall Philip C. More Hoffman anybody
else with three names Ricky J William H. Macy Alfred Molina Victor Molina Julian Moore John C. Riley
Jason rober Jason Robards and Melura Walters what a cast huh what's it about i don't know
or you haven't seen i just saw the frogs you saw the frogs jump out yeah and that's it that's all i
saw well that's the one i'm gonna watch today is magnolia and but you know something i'm
telling you they want to think of it how do you like that put that in your pipe and slogan yeah water
right exactly stick in your water pipe and puff it take it to the coffee shop and answer them
maybe they'll just smoke that okay do that no more because you sure can't know i'm talking about the
the movie uh talking about the frogs certainly not that wicked weed can't do that no more no more
no more smoking the coffee shops very soon and i'm just about i totally don't go there tonight
as usual the right information but these people they don't want to hear it they want to talk
hockey let's talk about some hockey oh Bobby need a mire sandwich osalens yeah
grandmari you'll be a man
here's golden beach hello Neil yes sir i love the movie shows i don't know what these people
are talking they hated don't don't start now man you'll put me out of business they hated well
well i'm going to because if it wasn't for the movie shows i wouldn't be watching requiem
and i wouldn't be watching the men's though i love them did you see memento you got to see it more than
once though yeah do it any justice because all answers all your questions that you have when you
watch it the second time yeah don't forget with Teddy you don't believe his lies that's right don't
believe his lies and why do you know why he wrote that did you get that part do i know why he
wrote it yeah why he wrote don't believe his lies uh didn't uh what's your name tell him to write it
no he told himself to write it because he wanted to that was going to be his new James G
are you sure are you sure i'm not sure i'm not sure i'm not sure i'm not sure i'm not sure
yeah okay at the very end of the movie you've got to watch it because he says am i going to
go on this way am i going to keep going on and he's right son or i don't believe his lies
even though Teddy was telling the truth at the end right so well he won't be telling the truth
anymore i'll hear it to you then oh yeah uh by the way for all is great yeah and in closing
i want to be on the radio can't you just tell me what i'm gonna be on the radio
ah
fine let's get Sarah Goldfarb on the show what do you say come on Sarah
maybe you can't be on television but you certainly look at beyond radio
fact she's got a nice hairdo for radio now
5670560 pound 560 it is so deflating i'm trying like i'm gonna put some blinders on
so i don't see my monitor over there put some tape over the screen i'm putting tape over
the screen so i'm gonna have to see how embarrassing that number is i mean they just they aren't
just negative i mean they're like hostile hostile you know what other shows like it was um
was it this past December or a year ago December what i think it might have been a year ago
December i did all those music shows and about the groups and i went out and i bought all i
music and i spent a fortune just like i'm spending a fortune now i want all these goddamn movies
because i think it's interesting and something different and something uh you know fun for the
audience and i hate it see i think tom jicke may have had a point
because being here i mean just too much of a good mood i don't and i lose contact with a
general hostility and disenchant with life in general and everything in specific that exist in
south florida yeah i can't i can't relate to it as well as being there
you just you just forget about it everything with all the problems we got here
with the SARS and with the mad cow and with the uh the uh all the all the stuff in fact
speaking of hockey the national hockey league could move next week's awards dinner from Toronto
to auto off the SARS outbreak in Toronto escalates frank brown the nhl's vice president of media
relations had the league is currently planning to go ahead with the show in Toronto June 12th should
the wh o issue a travel advisory for Toronto however the nhl could be forced to make alternative
arrangements and then asshole john madden who plays for the devils he opened up a big mouth
in yesterday's paper sin oh well i'm real nervous about culinary but you know what mr macho hockey
player stuff it up your ass stuff it up your ass john madden and speaking of john madden how about
big fat john madden the football maven here's another macho guy he's afraid to fly so they have to
cart his fat ass around on a bus you've seen that boner boy yeah i have yeah he's he's terrified
talking about former former football player former great coach uh super bowl winner with the
Oakland Raiders all the other crap he's afraid to fly yeah real madden of the new jersey devils he's
afraid to come to Toronto because he's gonna catch something was yeah pussy and by the way the red
socks deserve credit even though they got their asses swept and pounded by the blue jays here this
weekend is that they had the balls the whole bunch of them to come out and say what a great time
they had here and how the city is going great there's not a goddamn thing going on here it's in two
or three hospitals it's all confined like to see this is what happens with rumors like the guy
to call before well listen and mainly confide in the Asian community first of all here's a guy
who's never been in this city very obviously because you know what that would be like saying it
would be like being in soft food and saying oh well isn't this confined to the hispanic community
which one yeah that's my point is if all of a sudden they're like all can all the hispanics in
soft food are jammed in the sweet water or all the Chinese people here are jammed in one of the
two or three china towns we got which of course is ridiculous you walk out on the street right here
within within a matter of 30 seconds you see a whole bunch of Asian people right and then you run
back inside are they eating a Saint Bernard wash your hands a lot oh there's sandwich osalins
fact you know something i'm rooting for anaheim right now even though it is BM i'm rooting for the
duck for Eddie Kaplan i'd like to see Eddie he's a good guy deserves to get a good break make a
and pet burns without the mustache and john freaking i'm a pussy madden i'm a pussy just put a big
sign around your neck just like what's his name had Anthony Hopkins in a marginal movie last night
no not in that movie oh he was little drool legends of the fall legends i was looking for the
name of the movie it was okay i mean i wouldn't watch it again i've only seen it once
in fact i kind of thought that Brad Pitt was at my start at least in the beginning five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t some started to get worked up again calm down you look
at work don't get your blood pressure up for these bats you need work up no i'll let somebody
else get worked up okay some of it it's like always wired yeah let him get worked up
i don't want to give me any advice for all but let me just tell you don't take any wood
nickels or marlin tickets from that dureen bitch she's in there to sabotage your show she'll kill
anybody she's a killer that's what Miguel said since she could screw up a wet dream
28 past noon at five sixty wqm Tom layman and general sales manager Joe
creator and howl at Pontiac thank you folks out there are the greatest in this audience they
love this show they love me even Georgian boner boy they love everything connected with this show
and we love them of course and right now at howl at Pontiac be sure and check out here is biggest
selection of grade two thousand three gmc on voice on boy excels you cons you con excels and
then allies that's right nobody's got a bigger selection of all of these great vehicles then
howl it's also got a great selection of peon cars trucks and SUVs and if the other dealers kind
of like turn their nose up in here when you walk on the lot because maybe your credit isn't good
enough for them guess what the good news is it's good enough for our friends at howl at Pontiac
so for the biggest selection on gmc SUVs neal deals and lots more and to get treated with respect
like freighto with respect see howl at Pontiac GMC at one thirty four oh one south thick sea highway
that's us one across from the falls where they've been making unbeatable deals for over 35 years
open every day seven days a week if you want more information called the neal deal hotline it's
the toll free call one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three
four forty two eleven don't forget to mention you heard about the neal deal and see even more and
sure mentioned bob ison's book name that'll raise an eyebrow in a hero or two hallowed Pontiac GMC
who'll be professional grace
love the queen of south florida neal rages should be in book and in palace but we'll keep him here
good morning neal york man Steve Phillips artist Steve Phillips plays threefold
right up and three three hello Steve Phillips Phillips who is this yeah killing me who is this you all
killing me oh no world is this it's Mickey Mouse what the hell's going on over there Mickey Mouse Mickey Mouse
I don't work for you oh you wanna I try and call the will offer you a job you're terrible Mickey
already have a job what's the long fill up why do you want me if I'm terrible oh you fit right
in over here I'm surrounded by you need a try to figure what the hell's one more I got people don't know
what they're done from coast to coast
so hold on get out there there's folks no I don't know what that is that's remiss
that may be all but I was a blue bird on his own I don't know who that is I got Steve Phillips on the
bone he's horrible I know we're horrible I'm trying to hire him bye Bob take a look around everybody
that works here is horrible or am horrible Phillips yes Mickey I have ever gone up like wind to in a
Mickey we're practicing right now we're gonna win tonight you're terrible I'll play it by
a million here I can't do it Mickey I gotta go I gotta practice to run I gotta go Mickey you know
where I'm the practice I tell you what you call me tomorrow oh you want me to call you back you're
playing hard to get call me tomorrow yeah playing hard to get hold on a second
you're all free but what I don't think I'm going on he's terrible I know he's terrible he's
not all of the above I'm trying to tell him you think we gotta get rid of eyes hello yes Mickey
what do you think so up you've got awful horrible yeah perfect for the mouth house you know what
on second thought I really got no interest in talking to you what do you mean
you just come to my desk trying to put a new finish on the boss why are you having a jigsaw
trying to get those shallack off their balls and shot the shallack off my desk the shallack and shot
the shallack and shot for baloney hey Phillips Billy here Mickey I'm gonna give you a remit they can be
a new catcher now remits we already got a catcher you're gonna catch them all shot up we
let your catchers only hit me about 120 we have to do that hey hey hey hey you're missing my
death ball I don't you think it over all right I'll think it over Mickey thank you
we miss I'm gonna put my feet white you up here let them come 35 and 560 you swear
that way we're only I'm gonna do one more pull tomorrow on movies and that's it okay I just
decided I thought about it for about five seconds and we'll just take all of these movies we've
been talking about the last two three weeks whatever it's been and we'll find out which one they
like the best okay and they can say they never saw any of them or they all suck well you know
either one and then they will move on but then on Thursday no seriously that'll be it now as far
as magnolias concerned yeah I just oh here it is it's on the back see some of these fancy packaging
it's hard to find anything out about the god damn movie they're more interested in explaining
expressing to you how a vivid and massive the color is gonna be and the audio is gonna be great
you know tell me something about the movie magnolia magnolia is a mosaic of American life
woven through a series of comic and poignant vignettes I can't even read this well if you could
see how hard it is to read through a collusion of coincidence chance human action shared media past
history and divine intervention nine people will weave and warp through each other's lives on a day
that builds to an unforgettable climax yeah i support court some will seek forgiveness other is
escape some will men frayed bonds others will be exposed how do you like that sounds pretty interesting
and let's see best supporting actor Tom Cruise he was the golden war winner for best supporting
actor in this movie three Academy Award nominations best original screenplay best supporting actor
Tom Cruise best original song i remember the song 1999 golden bear award Toronto Film Critics Award
hey national board of review awards Chicago Film Critics Award and Florida Film Critics Circle Award
1999 for best picture and best ensemble cast how do you like that magnolia so i'm gonna watch it
today and i'm gonna enjoy it if it's any good and and the the rest of you screw off okay how do
you like that you worry about the freaking marlins worry about whether brang greasy is gonna be the
backup to jay fielder or the other way around it's gonna be j and brine and brine and j and j and
j and brine and brine and j woe j what do you think here's a good story strange way to catch a plane
from cbs news a man running late for his flight to fenix called in a phony bomb thread yesterday
and hopes that the plane would be delayed long enough to get it for him to get on board
brilliant works every time america west clarts at the rogue valley international met for their
port became suspicious notified police after the man came to their desk asking about flight 62 62
which by then was on its way back to the airport because of the threat submit for police
lieutenant mic moran the man was held on outstanding unrelated criminal charges being questioned by
the fbi the suspect was not immediately identified the plane and american west express shuttle
operated by mesa airlines returned the airport around three p.m. after the threat was called into
america west headquarters the plane had been in the air for just a few moments when the flight
attended took off from the pilot and she just turned white how do you like that she turned white
i thought oh my god we're in trouble oh my god the thirty passengers were evacuated bomb
squad surds the plane with the help of a dog all bags we checked for any crazy but explosive but
what he got is one wish anyway the plane was delayed yeah he didn't get on it but the flight was
delayed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and T line mad dog two to four
Hank de sektan from New York getting ready for the bell mod four to six thirty and then we got
that baseball stuff eddie k after that eddie k has got his fingers and eyes and legs and ears
crossed hoping for them mighty ducks to win him a lot of cash and win the Stanley Cup
and let me see it again code ducks go code ducks i'm even rooting for the aflag duck
here's bokeh hello hey now yes sir yeah it's two things as far as mad and he doesn't want to pay
for two seats that's why he doesn't uh he fly because he doesn't want to have a new rule now if
you're that fat you got to have two got to pay for two seats he's a pussy he's staring to fly
he's here i got another one for you too i'm going to let you get even here a gambling channel
that tires thing they got a company that's developing a cure for it and it's that the company's
done in the NASFACs but they have a current development in third world countries where you don't
need enough to you know FDA approval and you can distribute the care not in America but you can
do it on you know overseas and i'm not sure what they are which is my computer won't give me
you know that's in depth of what are these places are but the symbol is avr avr and it's less than
a dollar share probably today it'll go over dollar but three days it's been going from a quarter to
fifty cents to seventy five and it's probably at a dollar today i'll be damned i'm going to punch
by great uh brain's out avr okay thanks pal i have a great day okay say goodbye please five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty only eight t and for rison line meal shows on movies are disgusting
two hundred and seventy eight votes ponderous epping ponderous ninety five and that one wins hands
down your pants getting boring fifty four okay forty six good forty two and great a breath of
fresh air only forty one man if i were a sensitive guy my back don't be twitching right now okay
my bowels would be a churning you've had that feeling sure right now
oh my god just it's just incredible how unyielding and ungiving and just uh
bastards is the word i'm looking for bastards just brutal what some photos all about
anyway let go zombie do other stuff you know we'll talk about what's your favorite book what
funny pages you read in the day you know stuff like that peanuts
nineteen to one a q a m are we done in nineteen minutes
seat now i see i like to tend to two thing and i think what i'm i'm starting to think about a great
solution to the problem is what we'll do is we'll revert to one o'clock closing right ten to one
lowest common denominator right ten to one sounds good for me and like i'm certain days like when
we're in the right mood now tomorrow we got the one to two comedy bits hours wednesday
or we could do you like today since we've been so flagellated by the audience so abused and
just reduced it almost tears at this point you believe me no sounds good though i'm going to
watch magnolia i'm going to enjoy whether they like it or not i'll tell you something i do enjoy
that sleeping on my great mattress from dial amateurs and you'll do the same because they carry only
the best in the world no crap no off brands and no discontinued sets no mismatches
talimatris sales only the best mattresses in the world i got names that you know and love like
seely surda simmonds temperate temperate like i said with no sales gimmicks and no false promises
and talimatris carries the high-end beds to like seely's crown jewel line top models from every
brand going all at low unbeatable prices every day and all it takes is one simple easy phone call
one eight hundred macris and they'll be there knocking on you during any time at all soon
like when it's continued for you you get to pick the day of the hour when you want them to be
there they are two hour window and they'll show up take away the crappy old betting for free and set
up your great new mattress from dial amateurs and like i said an unbeatable price so why go to a
betting your departments during your ripped off when you can get the best you'll go in anywhere on
a great quality name mattress from dial amateurs with one easy call one eight hundred macris call
them right now you'll be sleeping great starting tonight one eight hundred m a t t r e s or check
them out of the web if you like it mattress dot com
my
and look all this is for 20 or five sixty
way
i am woman watch me go describe on nation's easy
and it's time for me to go play with the man
and with my driver i stand tall and i play with my own balls and i won't go back to the
LPGA again
fucking fish
yes i am good so stop saying that i'm nuts and bring on tiger woods i just hope i make the cut
i wear short pants and i come really swing i'm not wrong wrong i am
and i call she's and i call i am woman
she's and i call i am woman
i am 1246 that leads us into our poll question for the star canis must macho anika erickson or
irisson what do you think is that her name anika i believe right i thought it was a sorenster
or something is it sorenson sorenstamp i don't know what her name is i know uh
under ziricson and i think she wins in it well you know so we got some dikes who can play golf okay
we do a bay bay did rickson's a heriest played golf and of course uh you know you've heard that name
even though you hate sports and it's not a sport hate these uh you never heard of bay did rickson's
a heriest no i think she was kind of the george maheriest no seriously she was a great golfer she
played against men uh zivineers ago never heard of but everything now is like wow we got to take 20
giant steps back you know we got a goose step back and goose step further back you know the whole
deal so the more market dance the goose step back into the past and of course the it's interesting
to me a lot of the same guys that were screaming hysterically about keeping the broads out of augusta
oh yeah well she certainly had her right to compete and look how good she didn't she almost made
the cut and blah blah blah blah you know who cares it's a stupid game anyway everybody in their
brother i i must be way out on a limb you know i enjoyed watching these movies of course i
realized that you know it's passive when you're fat out of shape fat out of shape people generally
don't participate in activities like golf they sit around watching movies on tv i don't know
seen a lot of fat golfers yeah you're right like Hank thanks to golf go of course he Hank
goes out there and plays golf to schmuz because he likes schmuzin with his sports buddies not like
this is you know huh most fat oh that's right Moe is a chubby he's a chubby baby and he goes out
there and golf is his life that's all he knows is from golf that's why it's good that his
waning his daughter rich days are in florida because florida is where they come to play golf and
wait to die and put on the silly pants the whole the whole routine put on the lime green pants or
the other the funny looking ones take off those checkered pants those two hat with a pom pom show off
their varicose veins to the world would you just love to snap his own horse vein one time
ooh in fact i bet you've snatched his varicose vein you know the real big bulbous one hard enough
his piece might flop flop his head kind of like on our website you know that piece that the
tracer efforts got on it the one that like bobs up and down five six seven oh our whole sales
department bobs up and down as far as i'm concerned boy they need to see glingerie glen Ross oh
sorry they bob up and i'm all we'll find out which of these movies we've been talking about
them will like sweep the slate clean and we'll just pretend none of this ever happened this was a
bad you know you tried different things like i said the music thing went over bad the bedtime
stories went over bad the movie thing going over very bad they hated i'm trying to think of anything
that we ever did i was sure that they huh i was just gonna ask yeah what did we ever do one
to show twenty seven and a half years now that they liked was there anything not really the lightning
round oh yeah i'm the guiding round here's hollywood hello yes yes god is stupid but i got two
things yeah i just watched the uh director's cut on dvd of the uh usual suspect yeah and i finally
understood the film after seeing it three times normally um great film uh other thing is did you
see uh this three hour interview call in with gnome shamsky c-span two sunday oh yeah right no
course not well what i'd be sitting around watching c-span two on my weekend uh well it was a
quite an eye opening uh event i mean uh he just answered lots and lots of questions about uh our
government uh economic and overseas foreign policy et cetera yeah never see i've never seen the
guy i know he's written about a hundred books but he's a brilliant guy but i you know i have
better things to do on my weekend than sit around watching c-span well yeah i mean i you know
you can catch pieces of it here and there but it's you know it's repeated time to time it's
a comeback it's definitely worth checking out okay all right have a good one thank you two thanks
fine gnome shamsky man brinneye not too crazy about this regime that we got now that's the city
where at least he knows what side it's been buttered on he knows what it's all about had a good story
about the carl i was rupping her yesterday do you see that on the website mm-hmm got one today that
i think i might actually get to in the next hour and i wanted to our who goes terrorism tied to
christian sect question mark about iraq robert root off korea we want to say that christianity is
like uh got sex do we oh we don't want to be saying that there's no such thing as christian sex
all these doctor shooters and penis huggers like our governor boy is he an asshole or what god
anybody in this audience devoted for jet motion and last election they should they should take away
your uh uh something your marble your birthday i was gonna say marbles but i think somebody
already beat you to the punch god yeah that's right take away your birthday your birthright
take away your voter registration card so you can't do it to us again
here's a lady whoops hey don't know wait a minute there he is hello
neal yes sir okay i have some information i'm ignoring and it's directed by the same guy who
directed boogie night okay so i don't know if that boogie help you any any uh i enjoyed boogie
night so i thought it was great yeah okay moley uh i have a story somewhere along the line
to the guy that mexican that's who the u.s. government right i read it i read the you know those
news of the weird and stuff like that and the magazines and this lady buys a car at a government
auction of reap you know that they confiscated from the drug dealers she takes the car home but the
car starts giving her problems from the beginning you know stalling on and stuff she just takes
her to her mechanic and mechanic couldn't figure out what was going on either so eventually he goes
look i want to have to drain the gas tank and see maybe if there's something in the gas tank that's
doing this they found eighty thousand dollars wrapped in like you know how they wrap it to
to bring it into the country you know the gasoline do not damage to it and then the government
sued the lady trying to get the money back and basically with the law the judge said that the
eventually lady ended up with the money they said it was the government's fault for not
extracting the car throw enough to find eighty thousand dollars in the gas tank good for her
nice gloves we know we'll take care okay you'll take it thanks for the good news
i'm surprised you didn't find like a big steaming thing of excrement in the back seat long as
your arm a log five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen t line here's a lady
implantation hello actually i started off with a plantation i've been Miami now uh-oh it's going
the wrong way i have to visit my parents and i just let it a big rain storm on the phone just
well thank you so much i feel like i'm becoming a conic too because i called you last week
it's okay anyway um you mentioned something about the three named experts
the fee with a fee one you you made uh uh uh instead of helping all these actors have three names
like so let's see more on a hospital oh yeah right right
so it's a medicine type still a posthum in which i'm a bit disturbed and like in nineteen twenty to
somebody and so now the new actors i'll have to register with the new names because
all the names are being taken up well why can't they just make up a better one
well maybe they want to keep their real name oh come on that's how well i don't know and i
didn't read that jico column but i have to say i kind of agree with that with with what you just
said because i think you would have to realize with the rain storm arm and i'll be uh just
i mean the fun that i have and things like that brings back my head so i look
smooth and just like the problem i guess can you understand what you're saying because your phone
is breaking up so yeah your phone is uh is dying you're in a you're in a bad cell call me again
or uh i'm coming tomorrow okay i couldn't leave her on i couldn't understand what she was saying
she was trying to say that jico was right i've lost touch with because there's a rain storm going on
that's kind of unusual in the summertime isn't it
so yeah i don't want to be in touch with what's going on there in addition we i don't
want to debate that it's just pointless touch with what i don't know the fact that it's hot and
that there's a lot of rain it's the summertime don't forget the skaters and that nobody goes to
the baseball game i've been there long enough sweetheart okay i don't think i'm losing touch
in fact every time i talk to somebody down there it's the same story no change same old crap nothing
changes although i will admit that one little part of it is that you don't you're in a much
better frame of mind when you're outside of that area because uh you're not experiencing it
which is great but there is that segment of the audience said once you know misery loves
company that want me to be as miserable as they are and the answer is no thank you
unlike john madden i'll take my chances with the SARS thank you see that's the mistake you made
you were watching some movies and enjoying them having a good time i guess what i'll just
stay out of china town that'll keep me safe which one five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line that's heartbreaking because she like hung out a long time
but she's in a rainstorm maybe that had something to do with or maybe she's got a crappy phone
you think that could be it or both here's the call from my any hello Neil yes sir how you're doing sir
great i got to tell you it's an honor to talk to you yes it is forget about that goddamn pole today
i got to tell you that you are absolutely like a breath of fresh air every day on the radio
oh on my shmender i guess i got to tell you Neil that not only do you entertain us
not only do you deliver the news to us but you make us laugh on a daily basis yeah i don't
get what he speaks down here i have to say about you yeah i think it's the spics that are up
against it they don't like movies anyway let's take a subtitle they're absolutely absolutely
speaking of spics that mexican the sue in this country what are the odds that guy even speaks
English first of all i don't know i get maybe he'll collect in pesos yeah exactly then i got
a thank you for something that you that you did for me you know you forever have been talking
about ponytail at the pizza loft yeah so i finally i live in tembroke pines i finally tried his
pizza over the weekend i got to tell you it's got to be the best freaking pizza i've had in south
florida all right there you go wonderful how much how much did he slip you to make this call now
actually he slipped me nothing but he what he needs to do is start slipping coupons to us because
i got to tell you for a large two-top and pie it was expensive compared to other places but for good
for good pizza Neil i'll pay it there you go so thank you god bless you Neil and please keep
up a good work okay thanks thanks for the look job i appreciate okay we're gonna give me a
towel during a break although i don't have time to give me a towel during a break you just have to
get blow dried now that this is this is brutal you better tell clearance that we're gonna have a lot
of sick days coming up if we can't get some goddamn spots on the log hey clearance yeah get
whether you jackass and get phone her boy his paycheck and quit playing hard to get okay
ports who busy doing that baby crap over there with her hurricanes and with the beast you know
now that they got Josh Friedman out that's a good start i think that place needs a good house
cleaning that's my own personal opinion which don't count for much a good house cleaning get a lot
of those children out there i love that overgrown at the u of m baby crap bull uh caca they already
got penis face they're doing the ball games i was thinking about this i was in the kitchen last night
and i don't know what prompted me to have this come to my mind but i was thinking about the you
know bill zimper which we know he got screwed over by somebody but we don't want to get into
personalities do we when i'm mentioning our name but they had a chance the u of m games were
offered to him by the station and the u of m said oh no we want one guy to do all of our games
bill zimper they pass on so that Joseph Gackie can do the games
and you know what that's our floor that to me is definitive what's our floor is all about
i just threw the log away what's on it do i have a spot to do here yeah fast train
i think i threw that away too you know something i did did throw it out the window did you
get the truck hey get the truck get the truck
i close the i close the cuck and get the log with me on the board job with me on the cannellack board
and we it's then they pick up the fucking truck
yeah i think i smith can oh there it is well you know it's a Todd recommend mr. copy
mr. just we keep repeating the same words over and over again and pretend to see not only as
our sales department need to see uh Alec Baldwin real fast from grand gerry glenn Ross but they
they just they're faking their way through life not only are they not ready any business but the
little business that they do right they don't give us anything they give us nothing to work with
and of course we got a sales manager she's still busy uh doing that blow up doll she's got a
broadster and she you know can't have don't have time to get these bastards on the stick we know
got him about a 40 share on this show but you know if you're gonna move back to ten to two it's
gonna take a while to get some spots back on her what kind of a crazy bitch are you screw in
you disgusting piece of turret man she is really some kind of piece of garbage and that too
259 is 560 WDQM if you got other kinds of problems like baldness and the can't get it up and things
like that there are people you can speak to the folks at fast rain don't want to be bothered but
if you're stuck at a dead end job if your paycheck is embarrassing at best call our friends at
fast rain because they can have you fully trained and ready for new hot pen computer
career and just for sure at months column today there's no obligation else plan it to you that
gets you on the right road to a real check call 1 866 fast train don't be drilling holes like
Matt Dillon get you a real job fast trains got locations in Miami Kendall for Lauderdale in
Pembroke Pines call it see that was a little bit too convenient that part for the end of the
movie there where he just you know drilling like a Dylan yeah he was drilling the Dylan
call fast train tool 3 at 1 866 fast train they offer job placement assistance financial aid convenient
evening and weekend classes no more excuses to stay in a crappy dead end job unless you want to
but I don't think so your new career and a big fat paycheck just a phone call in four months away
so jump on that fast train today with one quick call it can change your life call 1 866 fast
train or check them out on that wicked web at fast train dot com
my life and look all 6 is 420 560
but you left the
bitch back in the still a dog but now it's you to put oh god I am the American dream but now I
smell like fast police and I'm miserable son of a bitch am I a lawyer or a lady I don't know
it's I wonder wonder wonder wonder what so when we're out and bought me a leisure suit I
jingle my chains but I'm still kind of cute got a job doing radio promo and none of the
oxygen even tell I'm a home eventually in the end so I'm a drippin along
it's the SNM I can think about an hour on the tower of power along as I guess a little
fool the child will go oh god I am the American dream with a spingle of my blood till it makes me scream
and I'll do anything again I'll see you in the night say a thank you friend oh god oh god I'm so
fantastic thanks to ready I'm a sexual stastig in my name is Bob Brown watch me now
on cool down and my name is Bob Brown watch me now on cool down and my name is Bob Brown watch me now
I got a great idea how about those one hit wonders 105 with 560 WDQA and here's a traffic
report on six oh yeah the meal yes sir I just called let you know what your audience know I
95 north from downtown Miami is basically shut down I mean it's moving but very very slow because
of the rain or be it was there a wreck there's no rain must be a wreck I just passed 395 over to the beach
at a north and it still just stopped and goes off and go there's no rain but there's no
lights blinking either there's no backs that anywhere it's just packed okay thanks for the bad news
you thank okay now the woman at Kallby Fort I was trying to agree with Tom jik even though she
didn't read it and her phone was cravin on let me just say this to you well you're in the building
there see Georgia bonerboy could say oh it's pouring out cats and dogs here when you're in a building
you don't know either because we have no windows no we have no window to the world so whether it's like
we could have hail coming on the size of tennis balls we wouldn't know it it could be raining
flaming meteors right now we wouldn't know it right exactly not that I want to be defensive about
that but it's just such a stale terrible argument you know this the arrest of alleged
olemic bomber Eric Robert Rudolph may finally allow authorities to answer a question that's
loom since the beginning of the five-year hunt for him but that's taken on deeper resonance since
9-11 is he a Christian terrorist the question is not just whether Rudolph is a terrorist or whether
considers himself a Christian it's whether he planted bombs at the 1996 olympic games in
Atlanta to abortion clinics and a gay nightclub to advance a religious ideology and how numerous
organized and violent others who share that ideology may be federal investigators believe Rudolph
has a long association with the radical Christian identity movement which asserts that northern
European whites are the direct descendants of the lost tribes of Israel gods chosen people
some investigators also think he may have written letters that claim responsibility for the nightclub
and abortion clinic bombings on behalf of the army of god and all violent offshoot of Christian
identity this reminds me of the mighty python which movie is it what we're talking about the life of
Brian did he people's liberation with the idea of Judean people's solidarity brother same thing man
like I've told you for years folks the religious people are the crazy people make no mistake about it
and the more religious the more crazy that's it the fairy tale people so go to our website read that
holster it's in the Washington Post and be sure if you have time or if you have any interest to read
that the very lengthy article by john edelstein one of the minority of the two democratic
commissioners on the FCC who voted yesterday against that grotesque deregulation bill
a dark storm cloud is looming over the future of the american media and he is he's got a
stomach right on it and I told you back in 1996 or 7 whenever the hell was we were at iod and the day
that that bill came down what did I tell you I said this is a nightmare for this business a nightmare
you only ray of hope though in a Washington post yesterday it says a bipartisan group of US
opposed the tv networks is spanning their reach expressed confidence they have the votes to roll
back they will adopted by the communications regulators yesterday the group said it was pressing
ahead with legislation to retain limits keeping a network from owning stations that together reach
more than 35 percent of the national audience but senator trend lot of mr. cibi told a news conference
there was no partisanship in senate opposition of the new cap a lot of republicans that probably most
of the republic republic republicans of congress would not agree with the decision by the FCC said
like that so that's our one way of hope that maybe congress will say the FCC not so fast here you hot
shots you lunatics you maniacs you gray robbers you and sorry but it's only a coincidence that you
know big business got all the most of the big tax breaks and the rich people and the poor people
especially those with children got pretty much left out of the latest the tax cut and then they
said oops well we didn't really mean that we didn't really mean to do that right sure five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and for eyes on our last lines are gigantic our mammoth
world shaking one to two hour here's a call from danya hello danya yes sir hey how you doing I
uh i like the movie shows right i learned a lot of things about it since you start doing them i
learned there's a lot of closet listeners really i've been able to rent directly them for about two
weeks i'll be banned and i realized my video store doesn't carry crap and uh yeah there's a real
dearth of video stores down here for dbd's minutes in birthing yeah if it's not like a jackie
chance something or other you know forget about it yeah um but i'm a firefighter and uh i'm
banned from the fire station for picking movies anymore because i rented rec we him and i brought it
in and everybody was mortified and depressed really yeah especially when it got to the part where they
said uh ask to ask that was it thank you what out of the room screaming i thought that was one of
the great scenes in a movie that's what i enjoyed liked it too especially Jennifer commies ass
and i don't think you're gonna make the south floor to audience happy with whatever you do you
write right i don't worry about that i'm gonna you're right i'm gonna just press ahead you gave me
the courage to just press right along i've been listening to you i'm 30 about 30 years old now and
i've been listening to you since i was 13 um the atheist democrat and i don't own a gun oh right
excellent so uh you've had some effect on the uncle meal outstanding must take Reese pull pal
have a great day father okay there's a nice job for my firefighter how do you like that huh
gives me a little bit of inspiration here because you don't get too much from south floor you get
that the kind of negative feeling why do you get that maybe it's only me you know firefighters
remain first high on these long ladders of hoses in hand yeah they got their hoses in hand all right
so there's a guy that's got a little bit of inspiration for me good you're right pal i'm just
presser right ahead screw on fm you know i love that was one really good scene and i movie last
night with anthony opkins legends of a bread pit yeah where he even though he's like he's you know
had his stroke and his other what all these other problems he's and he he still has that middle
digit though working just right he's got the middle finger he can barely move but he got the
middle finger that was good nice going anthony five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the AT&T and Verizon wireless line what did they like is there anything they like no freebies they
like freebies a lot right oh we got some marlin tickets for hey durian quitschroen with
for real sure the guy just started for christseys we had a rain out on his first show there because
of god damn transmitter problems and here's only a third show on a station full time and she's
she's dickening with the marlin tickets there now it's interleague play nobody gives a fly
craft don't you understand nobody cares interleague play for play all they care about is if they're
given away free bobblehead dollars or something else for free free hot dogs free weeners then they'll
show up they don't give a crap what's going on out there in between the freebies they could care
less hey that's right the Oakland A's interleague players you've said it about it what in vulnerable
boy go to the game tonight huh sixty one degrees little murky here in Toronto going to make it
two about sixty five today not too bad yesterday sunny and seventy yet yesterday was my definition
of a perfect day do you know what I mean what what did I miss I'm facting you a picture oh no
seriously it was a perfect day low humidity sunny 70 degrees just a little nice breeze it was a
perfect day a picture of what mohauer david and naked oh my god oh my god
I'll put that Jonathan Edward out of business that piece of crap I'm telling you right now I'm
leaving see the audience probably thinks you're making this up see what are the odds wait how many
million to one that I could actually uh finger that out I got my second powers working I got my
module working man well I can't wait to see this quick hurry up and face it I got to say it
it's way in the electron oh okay let me do the break real quick here so I can uh they got to go
all the way to I can spend all the rest of the time during the break all twenty seconds how low can
they go friends now the financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest free financing rate
how low just one point ninety five percent that's correct it's true now you can refinance your
call tool free one eight hundred nine four oh land that's one eight hundred nine four oh land even
if you're thinking about refinancing or buying real estate you really ought to be talking to these
folks they'll explain the how it works call financial group one eight hundred nine four oh land and
talk about savings wait here are these payments if you have a one up calm down if you have a one
hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only three sixty eight a month if you have a two hundred
thousand dollar loan you pay only seven thirty six a month call financial group tool free one eight
nine four oh land to get the low low rate you're looking for I hear the beat fund the
fax machine it's starting to print one point ninety five percent interest rates at all time
lows and all wait call now and get that rate and I know better than look at the picture I'm all
still with my spot get yourself one point ninety five percent financing from financial group
okay one eight hundred nine four oh land that's financial group at one eight hundred I haven't
even seen it yet nine four oh land the Renekville housing letter credit restrictions apply
rates something to change monthly five point one nine eight eight five and a look off
this is five cities the radio's all yours
it's time for the WUAM beauty and the beast contest let's meet our beast judges start
with the illustrious with these thank you ladies and gimp now our next judge needs no introduction
I'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning right out of my way didn't it that
pretend well that was out of any of the foie d'Ara doodoo doodoo I'll announce the
a winner of the beauty and the beast contest so I can get out of here and go home all right give me
out there mom alone and the winner is that's lorette number one okay beast I am the beast
your fast little toy behind that curtain is your thing is it going to be that's lorette
number one or that's lorette number one let me say number one I had figures you can't think
we're all that fat in your head oh wait a minute oh you want the hotter than me give me a minute
here I can't think I number one I got your mind will you be we don't have all power
all right beast meet your mystery date sport hole radio program director clearance
I was hoping you'd take me well I always thought you were trying to cute maybe later we can talk
about sports you said sports stop it clearance I am the beast and you're fighting my arm
stop it all right you two mom and head lock it off get in the back of your head what four mom
because you're one you moron now I got to escort you on a date to the crazy horsey source
tribute here we are kids go ahead a good time hey we're off the front it's a game club ball
hello other it looks like a audience in here you mean the deals audience not that back stabbing
up
oh
It's 120 at 560 QM now you're gonna have to explain to me a little bit
Interpreter because the facts loses something in the translation. Yeah, we'll have to
Forward the email to you that Boca Brian will send it in on. I'm sure oh really oh
You're gonna get a copy in your envelope a
Hard copy as it were yeah, I doubt how hard it's gonna be man
It's gonna be too old might be a floppy a floppy copy
Now trying to explain to me in 50,000 words or less what it is that I'm looking at here
It's Mo on all fours wearing the lampshade that the dogs wear to keep
If you would have told me to turn it sideways
Now I get it oh
My god
And guess what he's saying gang rape is funny. Yeah, and just as it is about to get it in the
Back to him in the eight is not exactly naked. He is wearing panties and a collar
Yeah, he's where I have one of those things at home. I guess I probably schmid-candid then panties
I can one of those things that you put over around a dog's neck would I to keep it from biting itself?
I was like lampshade things. Yeah
Well, at least now that he's got that on around his head. He can't look behind and see who it is back there, you know
Think it pretends it's anybody. There you go could be Doreen. Oh, no, that wouldn't be good
I forgot about that. Well, he had a little problem with her too
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 6 you are pulled day at disaster all on putting them are always pulled together right now
It says our last movie pool for now
And then we'll make a list of the ones who have been talking about the last month or so whatever it's been
It's been too long too many movies too much
Neil shows on movies are ponderous effing ponderous 125 people say that out of 367 34%
ponderous they hate it
There's there's spitting right at their radios right now
Getting boring 68
How much are Rick the mailman's already shut it off?
Okay 66 good 58 and great a breath of fresh year only 52
Oh, I
Don't think in the history of the show we've ever had such negative response to anything that we've tried to do
Have we can you think of anything I'm thinking I
Mean I can't imagine anything that ever talked about or tried to get into that we've ever had such
I mean now granted the two months we did on a harness racing drivers names
That was you know, that was kind of marginal. Oh, I kind of like that. Yeah
This was really depressing
These people would know William Brennan from Georgie Brennan
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line and like I said, I'm still gonna watch Maggoda sometime this afternoon or tonight
No hockey game today. I thought I would watch it anyway
In fact the next game ain't until Thursday. You see that they got a two-day L.A.
Oh, yeah, they got a fly all the way back to Jersey now for game five and probably John Madden the hockey player
He's as much of a pussy as the a football guy
One of them won't fly and one of them don't want to come here because he's afraid he's gonna die
Shmuck stay out of here John Madden you're an asshole
I'm talking about the hockey guy
Here's Hollywood hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir the
The movie talk is a little ponderous, but I want to contribute anyway
I really think about the psychology of this call
I really like almost all of the movies you've talked about it is a strange coincidence that it would be an exception of legends of the mall
Yeah, that was about it. It was very compared to these other ones. Oh not even in the same league
No, first I want to add a movie that I think you really should see I know you like it. It's called funny games
And it's a German movie don't let that scare you off. It's subtitled it
But it's not it's not like a sued movie that you wouldn't like he would definitely like it
I wait, but let me make my list here. I got beautiful mind
Vestin show and what's the name of this one funny games? Okay, okay, you got to say it's a chilling chilling movie. Oh, I like those right it kind of like
In the same way that happiness is
Magnolia I really like Magnolia a lot. I think you'll love Jason Robard
Performance in it. He's one of my favorites
Fantastic in it the frog thing the frog thing is like the least of the movie everyone talks about the frogs
That's really just a small metaphor in the film not much more than that
But it gets a little
Exactly it gets a little slow at times, but it's a good movie. You like it. Okay, that's my contribution. Okay. Thanks, paly
All right, thanks
See now, but that's an interesting call that to me that to me right there that there
Was fascinating because he said it's a little pond was many went into a very enthusiastic song and it's about several movies
You see what I'm saying no, it's like an SNM thing we find it painful, but don't stop doing it hurts so good
That's what it sounded like to me. Maybe I'm just interpreting what I wanted to interpret that could be it, you know like chewing on a canker, you know how we do
I wonder if there any of the other bedtime stories that we put on there that I ought to and I guess they all speak for themselves
I do like the one TV news that looks local even if it's not in the New York Times from yesterday scary
When of course to you know with the audience would say well you're in Toronto
You know you're not down here well, but everybody knows that so I'm not pretending to be there when I'm there
I tell you I'm there when I'm here. I tell you I'm pretty happy about it
When viewers in Flint, Michigan turned to the Fox 66 news at 10 last Thursday night the stations resident firebrand
Mark Hyman was at the ready to serve up some passionate punditry black Asian and Hispanic seniors are graduating from colleges
The spring and ethically themed ceremonies that are out of bounds for whites, Mr
Hyman the stations commentator invade before passing the cameras attention back to his colleagues on the Flint news team
He added segregated ceremonies have no place in America's college campuses if mr. Hyman's tan looked out a place in central
Michigan or as commentary seemed ill suited to a city with large population minority groups. There was good reason
Mr
Hyman was actually in a studio just outside Baltimore not sharing a set with the Flint news team as he does most nights
Mr. Hyman also addressed the audiences of local news programs in cities across the country including Pittsburgh
Oklahoma City and Rochester from right where he sat in Hunt Valley, Maryland
Mr
Hyman is part of a national team of anchors commentators and weathercasters that when plans are complete will report for all 62 TV stations owned by
Sinclair Broadcast Group
Sinclair calls it central casting to the company
It's an efficient way to cut the cost of local journalism bringing news to small stations that otherwise would go without
But to opponents of that proposal before the FCC to loosen media ownership rules the Senate Maryland is a frightening sign
Of things to come and here you go
You can read more on our website near Rogers dot com also. Let's get those hot couples of pictures in here
Will you jeez we got some nice prizes there including prize number three, which we have an announcement
But which which we will worth quite a few bucks
You're just creeping and crawling in what we got two entries three
Four we do have three I've only seen the one and we would prefer the topless version of those folks. They look good pretty good
Yeah, well the topless version will certainly get a lot more response on our website and if they're little punky kids out there
They'd see some nipples too bad, you know
We give you an advanced warning once in a while you might see something a little bit not x-rated, but what would you call it?
X-rated PG-13 there you go
On our website there might be a nipple a no maybe even like a hint of a penis kind of like what I got a hint of a penis
I missed alive now what the hell was it only buried in the middle oh well wait a minute since since when just a moment
Since when do we put a live spot?
Remember we're shopping in a great gold. I've been a part of you grow back there. There's things going on don't ask questions
Oh, brother, how'd you like to have in a interest bearing account in the bank the amount of money the equivalent amount of cash
Okay, the spots that were missing a full since the a for since the lineup change last Thursday
They haven't got a Chinaman's clue what those going on back there net the traffic department man
In fact what they ought to do is gotten planned traffic
So I guess before I do the mind up to the only a minute right now in fact, I'd like to pop a couple in
Some of these puss or elsewhere and pick the bad date of quits niff and glue exactly
All right now welcome back to the mohada David is showing you are more mucus
A station when we got a spatial guest journey in his today. Oh, no
Not after people are again. That's jade people your numbs go
Wow and they didn't hear me to I'm even tired of dropping his date. How is the ratings party?
I don't want to talk about it. Why was it? I thought it was an old nude ratings party
Lawrence told me everybody there was going to be in the nude so I shows up naked and everybody ran on it
Yeah, cuz she's showing up naked. No, he told Louie in the same thing
Oh
Yeah, well, oh
Special guest for real right?
What do you know what do you say?
You know this is gotta be one of the premier radio shows on the air today. Well, you're good
Oh the boss and the bite you guys are a planet
What thoughts of bite he's talking about real show moh?
Let me tell you something. Yeah, watch out for that spooge offer that guy there is gay in and lifter
Whoa get loaded up hoon and spice is the broads all out in here. This is a sports station
Uh, putting the top of your shirt
All right, and then that better and you zip this down. What am I?
Nance no on your crew pay. I suppose you want to rape me now
Everybody else wants me for their receptacle. Why not you?
Hey, you go no chance. You're all bastard. I see enough of these cases of moh
Every day. I want your job. My job. That's a different kind of rate. I'll have you know
I'm the king of the station and you have the
For what is the good all he has got out of here
Hello mo
What's the meaning of this? These large fellas are here to escort you outside
Give me the keys for the kingdom on the king
Why of course small you can always count on me. Yeah, Miss Carlos and Tim come on, sister. Let's go
Get your plug off drop that in tight blue. Oh, I am just one other thing before you go
134 or 560 wqm 26 till two, but that's uh, bizarre
I noticed somebody didn't put that little asterisk by the thing on the log two
I'm sorry to hurt this morning. I see
Yeah, we only had like what two hours before
Yeah
Can't cut it too close, you know, yeah, see the problem with George's along among many of the things is that he has to take his little girl to school every morning
Yeah, so regardless of the time change on the show as opposed to starting at nine now we're starting to 10
It makes no difference to me still has to get up in a wee hours of the morning number one and number two
He still has to come into work like at 7 30 in the morning. Yep
Well, guess what? I'm just getting up at 7 30 in the morning
So I do all my s h's my Schmidt my shave my shower whatever else and
You know, I take in my shellac the uh my shellac M shot and then I take you know my vitamins and my pills and my this and I come in here like about eight o'clock
And at this point I want to hear I mean I do get here a little little the ass end of a motor
Just a little bit more than enough and then I want to hear a few minutes of for out
You know because he's a trip and he's new on a station and he's you know the new guy in town
I want to hear what's going on. It's beautiful for us. Yeah, see
And then George is like a chomping at the bit because he's been sitting there on his ass talking to nobody
Just looking at the ceiling for like a half an hour
815 let's let's compromise 815
I'm not gonna write got lots to do in here. Yeah, right
By the way, these people can remember that guy that called about did you get the email that I sent you or the facts that I sent you about George push's resume
Yeah, we keep getting these are like five six page faxes. We get 20 of them a day
From him and other people and how have you seen it? It's boring. It's not funny. It's the same old tired crap. Okay
Uh, go to the comedy club take it over there. Maybe they want them to be able to put you on stage
Or put you out of your misery leave us alone and the 95 accident there was an accident on 95 by the way
It was yeah right after 836 heading north right after 836 everything's clear
Oh wait a minute. I want to see if I can find the uh one moment please and glad you mentioned that about the traffic
Q8l. Oh, you know something I am I have no idea. I just hit the rewind button and stopped it
From this morning show
This is I gotta go to the track
That's traffic and weather I mark more can on sports radio 560 Q8l
Well, brother. I couldn't do that again in a million years for a lot of money. I couldn't do it
I am really rolling even though the audience see the audience is usually they're going in one direction
They're hostile
But I'm on a wicked wild rule here a wild ride of my life
I'm so excited I might go out and get some of that bire is a scratch. Don't do it you're too young
Oh little rainy here the next couple of days like tomorrow and thursday
61 to mara 68
And then 72 on a Friday and 68 again. I'm sorry. That's not bad. I like it around 65 to 70ish
Few showers here and there
I'm just mentioning that and passing. I don't want to know you know you don't need to come here
We got that SARS. You know you don't want to get that you don't want to come here and die go to Chinatown mad cow
That's John mad number 11 for the New Jersey devil. So I hope somebody spears him into pus. Okay, we put the series over
What a pussy. Oh, yeah, I'm really nervous about going there and they should move that damn ceremony. Yeah
Blow out your ass you pussy
You know, it's it's amazing how many of these so-called macho jocks, you know the guys that take showers together
How many of them are like afraid of flying and
How can this yeah all kinds of crafts seriously?
And of course there are all the people listen to this the sports segments on the station would tell you oh no
Those are the real men the athletes those are real man. Neil that out of a bunch of panties like you right
Like me that flew like right shortly after 9-11 and it does all the time without any panic or hysteria whatsoever
Lives right here part of the time like in the middle of this SARS-infested
You know they opened up a new about the Eden Center at the big shopping mall downtown
Friday night they opened up with which they've been working on it for like three years a new I figure what they call it but
A block where they have like a park and all kinds of stuff and like an outdoor abanshell
There were thousands and thousands and thousands of people walking the streets listening to the freak concert. Have it a great time
Oh my god, we don't want to go there
Here's Miami hello. Yeah, yes, yes sir
Yeah
Yeah, they know that
More people die from fat from the food that they sell you in a grocery store than will ever die from marijuana
Yeah, and you know that the bomb was just legalized but also they're showing the uh England and Canada
The what the bomb was just joined England and Canada they legalized it
They're more hamidens
Okay, here's a great thing man go take some English car
Oh, can you understand what that he was saying? No, he was talking with like a little bit too heavy of a pet twa for yours truly
I don't understand those guys
The Bahamas just legalized the work away. Well, they didn't legalize anything here. They're talking about decriminalizing
They they're debating and they will be for the end of the year
They'll pass in the laws and they'll make it like a traffic ticket and of course they won't enforce it
And they're gonna let you have like up to 20 joints
That should be enough really for free like crossing the road
No, not for free you gotta get it
Which you're not supposed to be able to buy which is this the thing the whole thing
But that again comes from Washington DC where they made him an offer they couldn't refuse
Oh, that's right. We're gonna like put a tour and we went as soon as the mad counting happened in Alberta right away to US
Oh, we're not allowing anymore Canadian beef to be imported
Yeah, I see the bushes getting even now with the froggy with crutch n
We're gonna teach you about bastards the thing or two
And guess what everybody still got a big smile in their puts people in a good mood people polite having a wonderful life
largely stress-free
But getting fat
See it's one thing America does really well as they export their poison really well
Good
Well, that's right. What should everybody help be healthy?
Well, I shouldn't the rest of the world stay alive and the Americans you know die early from fat
That briar's score ice cream sure sounds good to me, you know
man
Now you can get that
No, thanks. It's not like my talking about Nestle's turtle, which you can't get there pretty much
It's something that everybody can get briars score ice cream. Well, you know more and more score
for the poor
Well, no, that's not a bad meal a half gallon of ice cream. That's a meal
I bet you can eat only one right. No, I am really I really could eat that see
I should probably shouldn't admit that but I will because I'm a fat slum. I can eat the whole half gallon
So I finally reach a point if I ever do that which I'm hopefully never buy another one
But if I ever you know, I get to a point and I say to myself
I realize that more and more of this is disappearing because it it doesn't seem you know if he heated up
And you were yeah, you can eat it with a spoon almost like drink it
And it gets nice and soft in the ice cream too and it doesn't seem like you're eating that much in terms of volume
Follow what I'm saying because you're just sitting there watching your movie
Magnolia or whatever and you're shoveling it down and it's delicious. It's sweet. It's uh, you know
The pleasure center of your brain is just doing a fat dance
And then so I have to get up and rush to the sink and turn on hot water and pour it over whatever the remains are it toss it in the track
I was that sad or what yeah, it is but but I'm being honest with you. It's true
Now, why can't they make it like in in at least pines you know at least who would say this
I say a lot of good things for Ben and Jerry's because they're great guys great environmentalists great
They're just great people even though they sold the company
But at least they make their ice cream in pines, okay? Right. Can you imagine a half gallon of fish food? I think that could be the last supper
I think that was what they had for Passover the Jesus had the last supper. I don't think ever gotten able to cross
I think it was the half a gallon of Ben and Jerry's fish food
And you notice the fish is the symbol right
See that uh-huh
142 at 560 WQM. Hey all you homeowners out there at a hot summers day
Which is almost every day from now for months and months and months to come you want to go out and take a dip in your
Nice pool and you go and take a look at that thing and it's a mess. It's stained
It's dirty. Maybe even has cracks in it. Maybe you've got a crack problem like Oprah
Well, your pool doesn't have to be a mess anymore. Call our friends at Atlantic Marseille because they specialize in refreshing or
Refinishing and refreshing pools bring it back to life making a brighter more colorful letter before and now
Atlantic Marseilles is introducing Atlantic Bluebright
For over 12 years Atlantic Marseilles beautified pools with the ever popular
Diamondbright and the makers of diamond bread have developed Atlantic Bluebright exclusively for the people at Atlantic Marseille
Atlantic Bluebright promises to leave your pool with a richer more colorful appearance unmatched by anything in the universe
Your friends and neighbors will be positive you have a brand new pool license
Then ensure there are real construction company and please keep in mind that the folks at Atlantic Marseille use real full-time employees
Not some illegal banana boat people like the guy who just called us a minute ago
Atlantic Marseilles a family owned and operated business that thousands have come to know trust in love
And they served a brown and palm beach
Atlantic Marseilles also does expert decorations custom lighting pool heating exotic and erotic water features too
So really enjoy your summer live it up in your own backyard this year call Atlantic Marseilles today at
1-800-558-883 that's 1-800-558-883 Atlantic Marseilles don't forget really is your pool's best friends
In lat wheat
When you come for the world
Walk over there back, cloud the carnage away,
Promise you should since good life.
Do only those who obey.
Take it all for yourself, when you conquer the world.
In a comfortable, available course,
If you're against war,
Well, the hell with you,
There'll be much deeper gas.
This center can aim,
Just turning your head,
Should John ask for a dash,
Is this take it all for yourself?
When you conquer the world,
Die, you do.
Iran's next baby, look out, we're coming.
147 at 560 WTQAM.
I guess we'll just, you know,
The whole we knew tomorrow would just be a compilation.
Like I said last year, for weeks that we've talked about.
We're not going through the old movies,
Like The Godfather and Kuku's next.
I mean, we've already done that stuff.
This is different, right?
Right?
Because the idea was to discover like a lot of new and interesting and stuff that we never heard of,
Or never saw, or never thought to look at.
Right? That was what it was all about.
Go to lunch, George.
What the was that?
From Glenn Gary.
It's Kevin Spacy.
Oh, yeah, right.
Poor George.
Yeah.
Couldn't get him out of the guy to him office.
He was, he was full of them.
Go to lunch, George.
Go to lunch.
He shows on, shut up.
Neil shows on movies are we asked on a pool today and what a,
It's like slapping yourself in the face.
437 votes and a negative response.
I mean, it's just phenomenal, remarkable.
Shocking.
Ponderous, effing Ponderous 153, 35% right on the nose.
Said that the movie shows are effing Ponderous, getting boring 78.
Okay, 77.
Good, 67 and great, a breath of fresh air.
Only 62.
Stale, we should also put on their stale as last year's hall of a.
That would have been good.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18 and team of a rising line.
And the man dog today, Brian Greasy or Jay Feeder, what do you think?
Oi!
Call them up and ask.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Oh, Neil, hi.
Yes, sir.
You hear me okay?
I'm sorry.
No, you're okay.
You sound like you.
Oh, thanks.
I didn't get to hear most of the show today, but I was wondering if you had a film recommended to you.
And it's a Dutch film actually.
Oi.
Well, I think it was Dutch French co-production.
And it was remade in Hollywood, horrible remake.
It's called the vanishing.
Oh, yeah, I've seen it.
I've seen it.
Oh, okay.
I just kind of a creepy film.
I thought you might have enjoyed it because I know you're kind of down on Amsterdam right now, but you're a little familiar with the language and such.
It was a pretty good film, I thought.
Yeah, I saw both the original and the remake and you're right through, it makes sucked.
Oh, they have to change.
You know, that just tells you everything that's wrong with mainstream Hollywood.
Well, please don't say I'm down on Amsterdam now.
I'm down on Amsterdam period.
I mean, it's the party's over.
I'm being now compared to before, sorry.
Right.
I just think that movie tells you everything that's wrong with mainstream Hollywood.
A lot of the good movies you're talking about now, like Requiem for a Dream, these are like the sort of independent on the edge of Hollywood films.
But the mainstream films are just awful, most of them.
And that remake is an illustration why?
I mean, the changes they make to the story to make it acceptable to, you know, the mass American audience.
It tells you everything you need to know.
Yeah, as soon as you started talking about that movie, I remember seeing it and then the event revamped.
Yeah.
Okay, well, I just didn't know if you had heard of it.
Okay, thanks.
I like the movie shows.
Okay, thanks.
Here's one guy who likes the movie shows now that we're getting toward the end of the line today.
I will say one thing about 10 to 2, sure goes by a lot faster, sure.
Don't you think?
I don't know why that is.
The 9 to 1 thing was almost as ponderous as our movie shows, almost.
Look at that.
We got one call left on the board.
I don't think that's going to cut it, do you?
Oh, go on.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
I'm Mike Morgan.
I'll 5.62.8.
Mark here.
Like I said, into the calls.
Yeah, let's play Requiem with the rest of the show.
5.670560.
Hound 560 on the AT&T.
See, once we stopped the movie stuff, I even know some more of it trickled in there.
You know, we'd like residual it trickled.
But that was it.
They ran out of material.
I think bedtime stories maybe make it a comeback.
Huh?
Could be.
Miguel liked it.
I mean, I don't know.
Hey, Miguel, you're a freaking liar.
Okay, Annapuse.
And Bonerbaus' Miguel's got a nasty vagina.
Now what you said?
He said angry vagina.
An angry, losing vagina.
Here's Crawl Springs.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I love the movie talk, but you've got to stop playing that piece from a record for dreams.
That's all I hear in my head all day now.
Yeah.
The Mexican movie, A Boris Paro.
What is this man saying?
Kill a music, George.
It's a mama.
Come being.
Or it's a mama.
Come being.
Have you seen that?
No.
It's not a more expensive.
You got to see these movies.
You're Mexican.
They're subtitles.
Okay.
All right.
It's not my list.
Much as grassy.
Thank you.
Take it a photo, you're ass.
Are you starting to get hostile?
Look at even BonaVoy's starting to throw in a few shots.
Well, between George, pumping a music out, and I'm playing it here too.
It's like a little bit difficult for the guy to get into one of the turd-edge-wise.
Just jam it in the back seat.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
I'm going to watch Magnolia.
I don't care if anybody likes it.
It doesn't like it.
I'm going to watch it.
Okay.
And you know it's a production when it's in that big fancy, schmanzy.
It doesn't mean it's good.
But like Momento, and of course, some of these you get like the special collectors edition.
I told you about the Momento thing.
It had all the, like, just a whole bunch of bizarre stuff when you open it up.
And there's one disc I haven't had a chance to look at yet.
It's got a second disc.
You know, with all the directors crap and all the extraneous, it's a whole separate disc in there,
which I haven't even looked at yet.
Well, I guess I forgot to look at it.
And the most, you know, the one thing I learned today, because I never really knew there was such a word.
I must confess, what's they have Mentos, right?
Yeah, the Fresh Maker.
Those fresh, you're immense Mentos.
And there's like Momento with an MO.
But there's also like the name of the movie is like, I don't know.
Like I said, I'll write it on my ankle.
I am local.
I'm your sports radio 560, she way.
You AM.
A mob the stove can make an evening gown from paper towels.
Cuts a credit cost to line us with improved.
But according to House Boy Rowell, she is downright cruel.
And even with your screaming benchy, from Connecticut, throw it all to these walls, she makes a chocolate chip.
She makes collagen for her own lips out of onion dips.
Mother Stuart, you seem so nice on my TV.
But your smile is just a mask so we can see your personality.
Once I saw her make an airing out of cottage cheese.
She gives a bucket wine quilt to do her cross stitch.
I didn't be half a million so damn rich, but she's such a bitch.
Mother Stuart, how come you don't pay off your bills?
You're like states and dress in sats and with your fluffy hats and frilly frills.
Making scones with both she got a bitter own backyard.
With a laptop as she built herself a deck.
Better watch yourself around that rack or she'll snap your neck.
In her attic she remodels using pastry, where she sits and makes her own designer shirts.
Now Martha's getting just desserts.
I guess that's true, hurts.
I've had to remind her of myself and my ankle like I promised.
I looked down during a break, you know what I said in my ankle?
What?
Rhyr is score ice cream.
Oh no!
Don't believe this lie.
Jack G. Killed your wife.
John G.
I beg your pardon?
John G. Killed your wife.
Don't believe petty.
Sammy Dickens.
Don't believe petty's lies.
Remember Sam Dickens.
Come on, answer the phone.
See there's one for this show actually.
It might be a long time ago.
Don't answer the phone.
That's it that one I'm not.
That's what I mean, but you're either.
Mad Dog is next, the Humper from New York in a bell log which is coming up Saturday.
Funny as side will win a triple crown by 10 lengths.
You'll see.
Mad Dog at two, Hank at four from New York.
Six thirty if the Amarlands undecided, the unmentioned one won.
The Oakland A's in Amarlands at the 705 and IPP part.
No interest.
Don't talk about it.
Any came who's on a virgin win in millions, if the ducks win a Stanley Cup.
Any came 10, join Mark overnight, 2 to 5 at an a.m.
Oh!
That's nobody else.
Bye, bye, bye!
The new weather show on 516 will need to be added by an e-for-mortar data.
I don't care how many take out any what grease ball gum bars come out on a woodware.
