Anyway, Neil, your good friend Reverend John said hi to me last night. Where is he?
Kenny and Reverend John's were looking for you last night and despite what?
That's what I was doing. I couldn't talk to you because I was gonna read a blow a big one.
Now who's laughing now though? I filled my section. You said I couldn't do it.
What are you talking about? Fill your section.
I had, I was like, that's like saying I'm filling this studio with the listener, you know?
I had the desire, Stadia, there must have been fun. Why don't you admit it right now?
I don't want to bring you out of the closet. Why don't you admit it that you were lying through your teeth?
You try to tell these people. Yeah, I got to come to ballpark. You don't care about the ballpark,
which is fine. You know there's no baseball fans here. You're turning into a orgy central.
It's just good when I was even little beaterboy got laid there last night. He thinks when I was eating my
friends to a meal said to me, he said, I'll admit it that Miami fans are clearly at a different level
than all other cities. Just make no mistake about that. That's right.
They're in a leak of their own. Yeah, they're good. I'm going to tell you the audience,
if you could come in here, you want to really draw a crowd. What we're going to do is have you
eat at the stadium? Yeah. If this audience could see you eat, man, it's an experience like so,
which I've never seen. I've seen it. I've seen it. I've been there for a phase. I've seen every fat pig
that make me look like Minnie Mouse. I mean, but I have never seen anybody just, he's, I was
shaying show, shaying, showing it done. George gets so nervous. I bet that's anything with an
essay to use utensils at all. Why use utensils at all? Yeah, you can use your fingers. I don't even
use an accent. That's what the beast said when he and Claret were in a hallway there this morning.
Why use utensils when you use your fingers? Yeah, I go out to the water bottle in the, in the bullpen in
here when I've done it. I just splash my hands off and I go in soaking water. Man has taken the
maple syrup and he's pouring it out. He's got the French toast in the air. He's got the halfway
to his push and he's pouring the molasses on it. And he's getting ready to put it in the water.
What's the difference between me doing that and sitting in here with all the hanks tack on this
mic and they got, Howard's got some like ginger vitus land on the end of it. I got, I mean,
man, it's just how it's a little bit. A little runoff from his bag. I can get her bees touching
this mic. I mean, the food I eat in there with my fingers, that's, you know, that's why chicks
dig me. I mean, you can see I have the manners. Oh, good. Last night I had the parking lots filled
40,000 fans there. Worse than me. Every single person that came up and said, how did they go,
hey, Farah, I just wanted to say to you, no, Neil, not one person cared to meet me. They all
asked about you. You have to suck my ass. You have to suck the Jones. You know what is tongue
in deep inside your dome, don't you got a suck. And John says he wanted to suck your ass.
For like four hours. Tell him to suck this. I know he really said he wanted to spend four hours
in your rectum. You know, I'm excited about it. I think he said he wanted to spend the rest of his
life in Uranus is what he was saying. Well, my next event is out of this world, Reverend John.
My next baseball event is I got two of them John Smoltz's Jesus Knight and then the one immediately
thereafter is it's your anus knight. All right. We're going to have a big, he had a lot of assholes
after that game. I think I can get more if I can get your million and a half, two million
lasers. We get a meal's rectum. In fact, in fact, if you get like 20,000 people after that, you
have like twice Howard's audience. I had to be there. Returned away people last night at the game.
Oh, now what is he laughing about in the back? You backstabber. I heard that you backstabbing
pony to BST. Oh, brother, you should see the way you used to suck most ass man. The fans
in the last few years. As soon as Mo kicked his ass off the show and I was busy sucking your ass.
The fans were chanting BST last night as he was busting off the chicken with his hell of a job.
You know, it's great about the beast man. He does runs up there. He gets carvel.
That was a lot cheaper than a high colonic. You know, the key was is that I had all the
fans there. And a lot of fans there. A lot of fans there. Neil 40,000 people.
You know, the nervous laugh. By the way, have you seen the beast in Claret's on our website?
I just know that Clarence came home from Omaha and no one respects him anymore. They just
think he's a whore. That'll shut this show down. Have a lot of a see day.
Okay, you asshole.
You asshole.
Baby McCartney.
New ones on the way.
Haven't been a daddy since he has today.
Heather is expecting. We can work it out.
But it doesn't make me want to twist and shout.
At home when I'm 64 I still change diapers.
When this kid's grown up I will be dead.
Better stock up now on baby wipers.
My aching head.
Baby McCartney won't give me no rest.
I am not much better off than he best.
Don't know if the kid will be a singer.
Just hope it's healthy when it finally comes.
You're gay.
Want the job to have ten toes in finger.
Unlike it's mom.
Baby McCartney, your dad is elderly.
Wonder why I couldn't just let me.
This is better.
I believe you.
Ten oh six at five sixty WQM.
So the beast is crawling around all fours on the floor.
Another clearance is back in the building.
Can you I can I can actually envision that I can see it.
I don't want to and we got that gigantic jug.
I can see it right from where I'm sitting.
I get a jug of olioleva extra virgin extra virgin olive oil for the beasts.
There you go, clearance.
Get it while it's hot.
You know, I don't I don't think I'm going to make it through the rest of this week.
This has been too much for a old man like me.
This has been way too much.
I can't deal with just watching him eat.
Have you ever seen anything like that?
It's a show.
I mean, it's bizarre.
He brings fingers into play.
He's a doggy cat.
This gives new meaning to finger food.
Rucker Howard would love him a lot.
He's like just shoveling it down.
It comes in during his breaks.
And this is what they for you know, clearance.
You're a real jackass.
Okay.
Here's the guy they finally bring a guy in who's like a talent.
They bring somebody in that we actually like.
That's a lot of fun.
That uh, you know, it's having a good time and well,
you're not going to be able to eat in that studio.
We're going to show you a thing or two.
This is clearance's idea of trying to be a macho man.
You know, he's trying to like butcher himself up.
He's going to show these guys.
Of course, you notice that he made an exception for this room.
We did not get that memo.
Did we?
No, no, we did not.
Will we ever get that memo?
No, because he could blow it out his ass.
And he knows that we'd eat it in the studio.
We'd probably put ketchup in my e-d it with relish.
Not that we don't like your clearance.
You're a good little punk, but you know, keep your place.
Sit in your, your Mahogany desk.
Oh, that's right.
They got Mahogany cards and Mahogany desk.
I still can't get over that.
Had a tremendous response on it yesterday.
The thing about them, Mahogany cards.
WQA, I'm line nine.
It's got to be a crank.
Hello.
QIM.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like Neil.
Let me.
Hi, Neil.
This is Andy Arthasda.
I'm the guy that's not going to forget about a board game.
Forget about a board game?
Right.
I sent it to the Florida studio, though.
Are you starting?
Are you in Florida?
How are you still in Toronto?
I'm in Florida right now.
Yeah, it's in the studio.
Somebody must have lifted it.
It's in a box here.
Oh, it's in the box.
We didn't open it.
It's a mafia theme's monopoly game.
You'll get a key.
Really?
Okay.
Well, it's probably around somewhere.
And I gave it and there's a couple other products that come along.
I just I know you're going to kick out of it.
Would you like the mafia lore stuff?
I sure do.
All right.
I'll look for it.
Thanks, Andy.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Bye.
There you go.
There's our first caller.
God, it's given us something for free.
He wasn't a real exciting guy,
but nevertheless we'll take it.
Whatever it is, we'll take it.
Except more pictures from that asshole of Monkey Man.
Leave us alone.
Okay, I realized that BoBina boys encouraging you,
but leave me alone.
Stay away from our lives.
Okay?
Monkey Man.
You're encouraging him.
Oh, look at this.
These are cute little pictures of the monkeys.
There you go.
You're in, you see, he with one hand is pushing him away.
And the other hand is like squeezing it.
Just keep him out of my life, the freaking monkey man.
Yeah, it's never season to amaze me.
We go from one misfit and like we finally work
feverishly for 15 years and we maybe get rid of one.
You know, were my right?
You think you maybe, maybe.
At least temporarily they go on hiatus or something.
And no, no sooner do they disappear than like all of a sudden.
There's another one just pops out of nowhere.
Like a hydrant.
To take their place.
So, Ferrell tells me that some of our misfits were there.
It is at the ballgame last night,
which comes as no surprise to me.
Gee, sorry, I missed that.
Guy with the eyes was there.
Your good buddy, Ken.
Woo.
Ken.
I think he'd have a good time with Eric up in Orlando.
Let's send him up.
And then of course, the guy with the Fanny Pack did Miguel say that too.
I'll fanny pack it.
He was there too.
Oh, brother, what a just annoying guy.
Just really annoying.
Not on the same category with like all the eyes.
Being annoying all things.
Yeah, but nevertheless annoying.
Well, benign to you, but he was once a...
Well, he was once in the lobby at the Goddamn P.P.
Stadium there.
The Panther game with a gun.
The Herodom is a security guard.
He was carrying, he was packing heat in the Goddamn arena.
Yeah.
Good God.
Yes.
Right.
The guy with a Fanny Pack.
Well, it's not loaded.
What, maybe it is.
This is what we're dealing with.
And then of course,
Reverend Jones was there.
And I wish that he could have been here today to hear a feral describe him.
Your gay.
Said you're disgusting subhuman piece of crap.
What a surprise.
He's a big fat slob.
Big fat slob unshaven.
He said he took up three seats with his gigantic ass.
So I'm delighted that we're breaking feral in.
He can really get the smell, the feel, the lay of the land,
especially the smell part.
It smells lovely.
That's why we're burning the incense.
Soon as he mentioned the guy with a Fanny Pack,
the guy with the eyes of Reverend Jones.
Your gay.
We lit the incense.
I've been pretty active here though all week.
They're just milling around just.
Oh, that's Neil.
Look at that.
Neil's here.
Not long.
Take a good look.
I'll be going very soon.
It is, seriously, I don't want to belly ache.
I don't want to be like a liner.
But I went out to the store last night.
And I walked outside.
This is like 730 at night.
It had to be 140 degrees.
And the humidity had to be 200%.
I'm thinking to myself, how did I survive all those years of this?
How do you, how do you do it?
How can you survive this?
You don't, you just suffer.
Even if there were people who liked baseball
getting back to a feral in his lies about the marlins,
he admitted by the way he lied.
He knows this is a bogus town.
But then he say that?
You heard him say that.
He did say it.
I'm not making stuff up and putting it in his mouth.
Nothing.
But it's just so damn inseparable.
So that's what we're dealing with an empty deck
is because anybody with a half a brain
who had the luxury of getting out of here, they're gone.
They got to be gone.
And I salute them.
More power to them.
I'll be right on their heels, man.
Getting out of here.
This is a swamp.
It is a goddamn swamp.
Not that I don't like it.
You don't understand that.
But it's a freaking swamp and it sucks.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Thursday to it.
Tell you one thing, the week is going by fast.
And it's 10 to 2 thing.
This is a piece of cake, you know what?
And of course following him,
he kills like the first few minutes there with our crossover,
which is it's time for a break like before you even get your ass in his life.
Thanks a lot Scott, you're the best.
I mean, it's not not as exciting as following Moe,
but the type smoker will be up next in the guava eating spicken.
That little a boner boy.
Yeah, are we sure miss that?
Are we feeling the difference in the ambiance
and the building between those bad old days?
And now there's just a slight difference in the feel and the hallway.
It's a feeling something.
Hey, how low can those interest rates go?
In fact, Todd Wreck was in here a little while ago.
But sure was a real pain in the ass in that midget.
You know he was 165 pounds.
And he's like 51.
Now if financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest B finance rate,
you've ever heard of in your life.
How low is it?
I'll tell you, 1.95%.
That's true.
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low,
1.95% financing with financial group.
Call him today and find out how you do this.
Save yourself a crap load of cash.
Call 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate,
call financial group 1-800-940-Lend.
To talk about savings, listen to these
Paul tree payments you make.
If you have $100,000 alone, your payments are only
a mere 368 bucks a month.
If you have you wait $200,000,
your pay only $736 a month.
So call financial group.
It's a toll free call 1-800-940-Lend.
And don't tell you how this works.
And you'll get you a 1.95% financing rate.
Almost unheard of like I said.
1-800-940-Lend for financial group.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change.
Monthly 5.1-9 APR.
We're supporting you 516-UAM.
Oh, yeah, with dancing with?
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
Rudolph the scumbag bomber.
He was hiding in the woods.
That's a movie.
He's living like an animal just like a white supremacist.
He is the creep who's wanted for lighting the Olympic fused.
And for blowing up people who thought they had a right to choose.
And then one steamy summer tea would off-claimed a town.
While looking for some dumpster food.
A cop said freeze or I will shoot.
Now that the feds have caught him.
He's hiding in a jail cell.
That's a movie.
Rudolph the scumbag bomber.
Soon you're gonna fry in hell.
Okay, I don't want to let out of the bag,
but now that we've been playing that absolutely.
Drop in these last couple of days.
You know, Mo is gonna stick around because they
don't like paying anybody off to go away.
So he's gonna do drop-ins.
Do drop.
Do do do do do in his pants and then do a few drop-ins.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Yeah, he's absolutely that.
He does probably the best drop-ins I've ever heard in my life.
Another train monkey.
Yeah, in fact, we might just play all of them today.
This is better than sex.
And my personal favorite.
Take off those checkered pants.
You're the best, Mo.
Just very briefly, you know, like a little snippets.
A little snippets speaking of clearance.
Yeah, clearance like, uh, looked like he was happy
enough to be in his right mind.
Yeah, how's it going?
He's a good kid, you know, clearance.
He's gonna get me paid on time on the 25th,
which is good.
Thanks.
The last of Pacea came in eight early.
clearance, you're the best, like I said.
He's a real master, huh?
Get the bonuses within a reasonable, uh, I don't know.
Get my bonus like bingo, man, like a shout out of a cany.
It's day.
He don't monkey around.
Cause he realized he's like skating on tonight.
Anyway, because Dufferty wants a job back.
Uh, here's the, what?
Nothing.
Oh, he, he really, he's very upset about that.
And I don't blame him.
Here's the, uh, deal.
Which of these do you care about most?
We ask if they know we have a similar poll today,
but a little bit better, I think.
We had 1464 votes.
Which of these do you care about most?
When is Mo's last day on the air?
You were left with spasters.
Won't cut the old man a break.
You know what I mean?
591 people said
that's what they're most concerned about.
When is Mo's last day on the air?
I, I, I, I, Middle East peace.
356.
Doesn't that disturb you?
Well, first of all, not only is it in oxymoron
and not going to happen, but even if it were going to happen,
why are they so concerned about?
What's it to you?
Well, how does that affect the price of peanuts?
You know what I'm, what does that mean?
Right.
I'm concerned about one thing.
How does that affect the taste of your humontouch next,
Purim?
I don't think it does.
Who will be that often starting quarterback
this season?
186.
That's an important heavy-duty crack.
I agree with those people.
That's something they'll be worried about.
They got something really worthwhile
and they don't seem to care about it.
Is that for Wells Real Voice?
159 again, you forgot to remind me to ask him
whether it was a crime like that as a baby?
When is it?
When did his voice take a turn for that kind of sound?
Hey guys!
150-dollar concern.
Most about this, that for Wells Real Voice.
62, the Florida Marlins.
4.2%.
They had a little over 11,000 last night,
including the 200 plus that for Wells Real got in there.
So, uh, and that includes about 7 or 8,000 midfans.
There's nobody there.
Half of the Marlins are going to win 91 games this year.
Oh, and we'll get to that.
On the next poll, we'll get to that in our survey.
Florida Marlins, only 62 people.
That's 4.2%.
Kids using cell phones at school.
George is very whipped up about that,
but most of you are not.
Only 60, 4%.
And if it all cast your Port Miguel,
he's going to be like a kick in his ass.
Realizing how far out of it,
you're right, he's got two out of three.
Yeah.
He's got that Marlin finish,
which he was there last night at the game.
It didn't even get laid,
unlike Beenerboard.
Where did he go, by the way?
Beenerboard.
Who the hell did that?
Well, he probably went down for another faggot break.
Oh, yeah.
One of those.
Probably hanged out with Robert.
Kids using cell phones at school 60,
and Phidel Castro 51.
Nobody cares about Phidel.
Not like that.
We're proud of our audience.
Even maybe dwindling,
and maybe diminishing,
and maybe vanishing.
But that's not the important thing.
The important thing is our audience
has got their priorities, right?
Far more than care about when most last day on air
is coming as opposed to a crack.
Crap, like Phidel Castro.
Oh, yeah, but those two got,
in fact, it was in the sunset and the old yesterday,
and it was in a herald today.
That's one of the favorite things
that I see when I'm here.
Is that there'll be a story
in one of the two papers on a, like, on a Monday?
And then the next day,
oh, guess what?
The other major paper discovered it.
Oh, so they must read the competition.
What a pity.
Oh, God.
I hate some.
Makes my goddamn knees knock.
It makes me so weak.
Good.
God almighty.
Nobody cares about Phidel.
Only a bunch of old dominoes
playing a bean-sucking losers.
Diner and goddamn little Havana.
Youngest of whom is about 110.
Right?
Just sweating their brains out.
Or they play, they play in the shade,
where it's like about 95.
Let's ask Carlos what he does.
They play in the shade.
In the shade.
See?
Anyway, so that's yesterday's pull.
I'll be for you about today's.
Let's take a peek how that Hot Couple's contest
is coming.
It's not a contest at this moment.
Well, I know what you're laughing.
What you're charting about.
True.
It's a runaway.
I see if I had the energy, which I don't.
I reach back there and get Dil Shannon.
I play runaway.
But I don't.
Plus they be saying, what's that?
What's that?
What's that dodging old man playing now anyway?
684 votes at our Hot Couple contest.
Frank and Litt is 684.
Are you believing that?
Don't answer.
Well, I mean, I, yeah, I try to stay on the sidelines
at this whole thing, but that seems to be a pretty
gigantic lead over like Brian and Natasha
in second place with 305.
And they seemed to have a pretty damn good grip
on second anyway.
So that in which is good.
Because the first prize couple wins a trip
for two to the Bahamas or three days and two nights
or Jamaica to that joint.
He didn't.
He didn't.
I'm trying to get that out of my vocabulary.
Trying not to be a proverb like you in the rail.
Holly and Deer in 206.
So first, the second place I like, I'm pretty good.
And third place is what is it?
Jennifer to the pizza lot.
And you get to hang out with Jeff Cohen
and suck his fingernails.
Holly and Deer in 206.
Mike and Kristen 200.
And then a shocker only 196 from Mary and Shane.
As she continues exhibiting a gigantic smile
right on her breasts.
She's a trooper.
Have you noticed that her breasts are smiling?
Which I can't say I've seen that very often in my life.
I'm smelling back out of it.
I'm sure you are.
Ian and Jen have 178 votes.
Greg and Stephanie 140.
inexplicably,
Denny and Michelle 138 are lagging far behind.
And they should be doing a little bit better.
And that captain singing his wife 101,
even though he is lovely.
Vicki and Mick 91.
Dan and Sherry 46.
And way down near the bottom,
Rich and Sheryl 35.
They're kind of like drooping near the bottom.
And they votes too.
And also, white on the bottom, poor Jody and Kevin 23.
A little better photography next time.
Do you do you better justice Jody and Kevin?
Okay, because your second win in last place.
23 votes out of 2343.
See what I'm saying?
It's fairly simple math.
Like about one out of 100, which is like 1%.
Next time you'll do better, Jody and Kevin,
because next time you'll send us a better picture.
It looks like, uh, what do they call that stuff?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Uh, what is it?
What was the word?
Cepia?
Well, what do you know?
He's mouthing it for me now.
I can't hear you.
Cepia, I know.
I just said it.
You idiot.
I know I do two things.
Now where the hell were you?
Where were you in that other excuse,
absent-stair?
Did anybody,
did you raise your hand?
It has to be excuse, no.
Where the hell were you?
His stomach is on this stuff.
Was-
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I can't imagine why.
Can you?
I can't begin to imagine why.
Why he fell over to the goddamn shower.
Almost broke the goddamn bathtub last night.
Three o'clock in the morning trying to go take a leak.
Peas all over himself, all over his clothes.
All over the goddamn shower.
Bricks the shower curtain.
Bust off the whole corner of the damn thing.
But he found a penny.
But he found a penny.
Now that's about two hours work for him in this place.
So you see, you already got a head start in your paycheck.
What do you bitching about?
Plus, clearance is back from Omaha.
Omaha now you're safe.
He will.
If you go from Omaha.
And if you go in there and service him before lunch break,
you might even get your stub tomorrow.
Yeah, he said to give you.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I think that was for real.
Our clothes do it.
He just puked in clearances doorway.
Yeah, it's kind of a party week here at QA
because we realize we're all alone.
We're alone.
Yeah, if I pretty soon you'll be alone.
I know.
And I'm pleased to say that.
Okay, here's today's poll.
Let's not dick around here too much.
Okay, let's get to it because we got heavy duty.
In fact, you know what I'm going to do today and tomorrow?
I give up.
I miss you all.
Nothing.
Revolutionary.
No, not seriously.
I'm just going to I'm going to schmooze.
Whoever calls, I'll schmooze with the, uh,
I got a whole bunch of good stuff here like that.
Stir about the fridge.
A water, uh, what's the name William refrigerator, Perry?
Remember when he played for the bears?
Remember that, right?
Anyway, he's going to be in a hot dog eating contest.
And Mad Dog had a great line about him yesterday.
He said that he's as dumb as a box of rocks,
which I thought was great.
He's been doing all of these not quite sports
events like in the contest.
He was wrestling a grizzly bear the other day.
I something like that.
The man talk.
The refrigerator, baby.
The refrigerator.
The 400 pound counter.
Everyone with them great athletes can play on the line and football.
All those wichita alignment.
They're beautiful.
Although Clarence said he'd take a month.
Let me do the break and then we'll give you the pool for today,
which I think is a pretty good one.
George, I can like it too much because you get a chance to rip him in there.
But why not?
That they like that they enjoy it a lot.
Get a chance to rip Clarence too.
How do you like that?
This is, have you seen a pool?
No.
Oh, you'll love it.
But let me do the break first because we can kill what?
Probably at least a half an hour on a pool.
No, I just want it like today and tomorrow.
We're just killing some time.
I'm not going to lie to you.
I'm not doing a show today or tomorrow.
I'm just going on strike.
Especially because it's so goddamn hot and it's, it's, it's oppressive here.
It's nasty.
When it's not raining, you wish you prayed that it would, you know?
Because it like cools it off a couple of degrees.
You just pray for like a big massive storm.
For a big blow.
The Neil Deals keep on rolling from Tom Lavin into a
Prieto at Halibut Pontiac GMC.
By the way, before we tell you about Halibut Pontiac,
if you haven't seen the pictures on the website on our new improved website,
you must see clearance in the beast in a lip lock.
And then of course that lovely picture of Mo and Gildi doing the tango.
That's, that's one of my all-time favorites.
Gildi by the way left here this morning.
I was like, hmm, like that.
He did. He was like, hmm, a little higher picture than I can make it.
He was squeaking.
Well, I think that most trying to like stab him in the back so that he can
for help can do the show together and when it doubts squeeze Gildi out.
Here's Neil Deals number one right now at Halibut Pontiac.
Get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Pontiac or GMC.
Neil Deals number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GM in Pontiac in stock
and attention, current and former military personnel, although we will exempt
Reverend Jones on this.
Get you an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halibut right now.
And Neil Deals number three, at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1
for as little as $289 a month.
Even Binaura could almost afford that.
It's a 36-month lease.
Check with our friends at Halibut Fort Details.
And right now at Halibut test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours.
Take it home, take it to work, take it to the Marlin game, wherever the hell you like it.
And of course, it's always how it's got a humongous selection of certified pre-owned cars,
trucks and SUVs, the likes of which you've never seen.
And if your credit is marginal, if you want the new Jeff DeForest,
they won't turn you down.
They'll still cut your deals somehow at Halibut Pontiac GMC.
And you'll find them in the same great place.
They've been doing business for over 35 years.
134-01 South Dixie Highway.
That's US one across from the falls.
Open every day, seven days a week.
By the way, remember the Josec and Succo story ahead on Monday?
Yeah.
Well, evidently, Greg Cotex left out of the story.
I forgot, mad dog mentioned yesterday.
He's under house arrest for two years.
Right, it got mentioned.
Did it get mentioned in the story?
I forgot mentioning that.
I thought we had the blundered.
I thought you had made a mistake.
For more information on those needle deals,
call the needle deal hotline and Halibut Tull-free at 1-88-534-4211.
That's 1-88-534-4211.
Don't forget all the needle deals.
Subtít to credit approval.
See our friends at Halibut Pontiac GMC for details where they'd be.
Professional grade.
Is this any more 20-year-old 5!
This is too way up.
It's a� отдел.
That'sätzoodman.
Some movies.
So much to see.
Some movies.
We never agree.
He likes guy films where things blow up.
She likes girl films.
They make me throw up.
Some of the fix members is chicks and cause all the arguments
Well, well, well, well, well, let's see this, let's see this
What a hell of a good cry
How about this, how about this, wanna see people die?
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Wanna go to Terminator 3
You can go but you won't take me
How about something with Reese with a phone?
Not unless she shows us her moves
Summer bites when you get into fights
Over one film to see tonight
Well, well, well, well, well, well
Let's see this, let's see this
Cause the actor is cute
How about this, how about this, cause they're jokes about proof
This is great, oh that's right that's not done yet
I'm sorry
This is great though, fake
There we go, there we go
What's that, dead babies?
1035 and 560, we got some curse, I'll be so excited to see
He's actually gotta see this physically
It just came in a mail, this overhead by the way is screwed up again real bad
But don't mess with it, of course, so you idiot stand and hear what I'm on here
I'll breathe on you
I'll take a dump right in your goddamn face
I will, I'll just go right up to him and turn it loose
What do you laugh at about?
After all that bacon you don't think you got a little spare in there
So here is from an ant guy, what's his guy's name?
Jerry Goodman from A Safe Pass, the Limitator's Inc
Manufacturers of Uncle Albert's Super Smart product
Didn't they beat him to do a song about that?
Lately?
Yeah, last week
1113, oh here it is now, wait till you see where you apply
Since you're such a cheap prick that Greg is a cheap prick, we'll get an exterminator in here
Here you go, wanna present it right to you personal
In fact if you bend over I'll give you the first exterminating shot
Now seriously, look at that lube thing, what do you call that thing?
A lube tube
That's the old lube tube
Look at his face line up, look at that
He said boy, he wishes he would have had that with him in Omaha
Yeah, he said he thought the hurricane took it up the ass, but anyway
See now I'm using Pharrell's material, I'm sorry
Don't let him say that when he's doing the Panther game next season
Okay, don't let him say the Panthers are taking it up the ass because that's what got him in big trouble in Atlanta
And anyway, so there you go, because I think it's criminal
Seriously, I think it is so, it's bad enough this non-smoking thing
Oh, you can't smoke in a building and it's gonna get our insurance rate
So you didn't really give a crap if we burned this damn building down because it's a toilet anyway
Even the goddamn roaches have gotten out of here
But the fact of the matter is they're so goddamn cheap that they're worried about cutting that insurance rate back a little bit
So that's why they come up with this, oh, everybody now is doing non-smoking buildings
And so if you want to puff on a nice Stogie or if they're like smoking a nice fat number in the other room
Or maybe Carlos wants to puff on one of them camels
Because wine style tastes good like an old Jewish cigarette should
And he's puffing away and smoking and coughing and gagging and choking up his thumb
You'll never make it to 30, I'll tell you that right now
Which is not that far off
Never make it
Melanova, lung cancer, syphilis, di-bubes
Carcinogens and ad bacon will give you a tumor to size of god damn Montana
But other than that, he's doing pretty good. He's having a problem it's called life
So thank you very much, Jerry Goodman, he sent us a hole now
I don't know what you do with these, in fact, oh, of course my fight is over
Well those go with the injector
That's what you inject
What is this the whole appearance of the cheeks open?
Because that's what they look like
You suck the goo out of the bottle
Is that what it is?
He's gonna have him a...
Did you notice how he ran out of here with that stuff?
And then the chamber's come back, Clarence, there's more to it
And you're with a door lock now
Oh my god
Back to him
Poor Clarence, you need a little box of it
Clarence, don't take it so hard, please sweetheart
He'll take it anyway
So anyway, we got the new pull is up, I haven't even given it out yet
Thanks again, Jerry Goodman, he says, Zygazant, good Jewish boy
Oi
Who's trying to help us with our problem here so that Pharrell don't have to be some kind of a lemon
I still think that's so freaking embarrassing
I mean, next to Greg, there is nobody in this building
More obsessed with Pharrell than Clarence
I mean, obsessed, he's got a blow-up doll already in there
He said the one thing he missed the most being Omaha
Was not being able to be in there and bond with Pharrell
And a suck up to him, although I missed the beast made up for a lost time
Kind of filled the breach
So to speak
So you think that he want to be nice to the guy, wouldn't you?
Huh?
You think he'd want to make a good impression?
Hey, look at me, I'm the 15-year-old program director, look at me, I'm gonna treat you nice
And instead, no eating in that studio, no more food on this table out here
See, the reason you don't want food on the table out there is too close to his room
Is that it?
That must be it, because he was just punishment for making a big stinker
Because he doesn't eat any way, which makes me very suspicious
You know what I mean about Clarence? He must be doing something
Oh, I'm done
Don't say that, see, just the kind of person that you wouldn't expect
Like, everybody's got something, you know?
Yeah, but the furrell blow up darling, gonna keep him happy all the time
They're always telltale sites
Yeah, like remember our old friend, Harry?
I know the one you're talking about, but I'm trying to divert you real fast and then
There are mannerisms, you mean like Harry?
Yeah
A little bit hyper, a little bit spastic
Oh, I know something like that, twitchy
I wasn't thinking even about you, I was thinking about somebody else
So anyway, I probably need to food in there, be nice to the guy and quit making him come in here like shovel that food
That's not good for him
I mean he thinks it's funny, I guess, but it's funny to watch
He's speed eating
He is speed eating, man, he is just making himself sick
Because he's got to eat real fast and shovel it and you'll notice he doesn't leave anything
Whatever how he sends over, he eats every drop
While you're, folks at how he's thank you very much and number two, don't worry nothing's getting thrown out
There are many morselets in there, he gets into his pus sooner or later, but just, man
I've never seen anybody eat so much so fast
So like I said, you know he ain't doing that because he's got a healthy appetite
Right, it's just, well not you because you're skinny anyway, beener
But what I would give for his metabolism
Oh, see those of us who really appreciate and love food, who are just obsessed with food
And our metabolism is like barely moving, just barely even showing on the Richter scale
Right
And so all we have to do is look at food and there's another ounce and another half an ounce
And here's a guy that I don't think he enjoys it that much because he doesn't put it in his mouth long enough to taste it
And the food either, right?
He just scarves
He just sucking it down just like my golden retriever used to do the same thing
I don't think he ever tasted any bit of food in his life because it was always, oh, oh, oh
And it just went down like, you know, in a mass
Never tasted it, he was just filling like a hole
You know what I'm saying, clearance?
So here's the, I guess we'll do it after the break
No, it's a good pull, it's already got a bunch of votes on there
And I can see that Bush is going to do well today again, good
We don't want to stop picking on Bush, do we?
No
We don't want to stop picking on a Bushmaster because he is dangerous
And now you'll notice, now they're rattling their spirit a little bit about Iran again
Did you see that in the news last night?
Yeah
Oh, yeah
Things are looking a little bit on the lame side and that would should be a good diversion from those weapons of mass deception
So, yeah, let's start rattling our spirit about Iran because they were, yeah
All those democracy seekers over there, all of our good friends who probably were pretty pissed off at us when we stuck the shaw in there
Don't like us all that much
Nah, they're rattling their spirit
So what we want to do is go in here and lend them a helping hand and prevent the Ayatollah from building those nuclear weapons
Another weapon he's probably hiding under his robes
That's where the Pope is hiding him
1042-560-WQIM
Let me tell you about a great place
In fact, Geltie's going to use these people I'm delighted to tell you, Laminates are Us
You know, Laminated would have flooring from Laminates are Us is the smart, easy, low maintenance, inexpensive, alternative to very overpriced natural wood flooring
Laminates are Us is the best place to find Laminated wood flooring from Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art, Unifloor, and Quickstep
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers
And here's another good reason why you should call Laminates are Us
Their prices are so good that they'll absolutely floore you
You'll be right on your ass just like Beenerbore last night
Right now you can get their summer special for just $1995 that is absolutely correct
Just $1995 for up to $380 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring
It is positively unbelievable and unbeatable too
And Laminates are Us will match any legitimate written offer speaking of that
If you want you a free and home estimate with no obligation call Laminates are Us tool free
Here's their number 1-877-773336
Couldn't be easier for all the money in the world
They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving a 25 year warranty
And years and years of beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring
Call Laminates are Us today just like Geldie
Call them toll free at 1-877-773336
Why, in local, we're sports radio 560-CUA-U-A-A
It's in my room before I start because I'm getting high from the smell of my parts
Said bugs are eating my brain and that might explain my eye going insane
Something buggy may something a knife must have been the 49-8 last night
And lying here seeing in my bed and free clothes to see death
Pick me up, I've got a go-go
This is your briefly can't do it solo, pick me up
I've got a go-go, I don't want to smell this for my eyes
Pick me up, I've got a go-go, before my diaper turns the color of a buckle
Pick me up, I've got a go-go, I've got a tell, yes, good night
Throw, check, good night
I'm kind of dying to hell with my pride
Pick me up and listen me away in your big strong arms like I'm Dora's date
My heart is fading away and at 20 feet per minute I could go any day
Now that's not much of a joke, I'm playing here in the pool of my drool
Archers, Michelin, dead, has my senior this way
I can't help this fight
Pick me up, I've got a go-go from a sleepy cat, my flow hole
Pick me up, I've got a go-go, before my diaper turns the color of a buckle
Pick me up, I've got a go-go, this is your briefly can't do it
That'd be funny, 1047 and 560 W.C.M. the Mad Dog 2-4
We got the Humper in the studio 4-630, another one of them tough shows
Two and a half hours, nice going hang
And then 630 got Marlins on deck, 7-05, they met Santa Marlins again at PP Park right on the street
What do you think we get about tonight?
About 30 people
Yeah, because for all they're gonna be there tonight we're not gonna have all that other
You're gonna be there?
Would you get more free tickets?
Yeah
Peter Boy's gonna be there, he got more free tickets, he's thinking maybe he'll get laid again there at night
You're gonna be in the pool and the, oh, ha ha ha ha ha
Great!
The Florida Marlins and the House of Prostitution, that's what we want
Oh, I'm telling you!
See, they think that I'm a bad guy that I'm peeing on their parade
I'm hoping that they do something, like go away
They keep doing things like that, like pool parties
If they keep having pool parties and guys keep getting laid there
And they have a place for degenerates like with the guy with the eyes, the guy with a fanny pack
And the Reverend Jones to go and hang out and Shmoos with Ferrell and Beener Boy
And maybe somebody rubs up against somebody like real squirt squirt just accidentally
They could just fire the team, save the money, nobody's gonna do that
They're gonna have that honor elected to legitimize, you know, to pretend that it's legitimate
Because otherwise if they say it's like a place of ill-reputed then right away they'll close it down
These guys and people off the street to play baseball, they'll do it for cheap or free
That's a thought, that's what Wayne had in mind
Or better
So here's the pool for today, before we start our Shmoos Fest
Now you can see on a phone we're doing screenless this week and you can see that they're ready really do an outpouring
Rock and roll
Make no mistake
Which of these statements is the most ridiculous we asked today?
Let's see we got 367 that I thought were pretty interesting
George W. Bush is a great leader, that's in the lead by the way already 58 votes
Nice going W
Uh, should I read him the way I have him on a pool or the way they are and I guess the way they are on the other thing
Because we got 123 votes already, haven't even read the pool
Which of these statements is the most ridiculous?
George W. Bush is a great leader 58, more Howard David is a great show, 21
George is a great villain for Neil, 16
Pieces coming in the middle east, 15
Farrell has a pleasant voice, 5
And tied for last place is one of the ones that I voted for
Tied for last
The Marlins of Win 91 games has got four votes
But I voted for, Clarence, our program director will get laid this year only four votes, one of those being mine
What are you smoking about?
You just, we don't know what's going on there really
Let me say it again, oh I know what's going on
It's called masturbation, lots of it
Uh, which of these statements is the most ridiculous?
So you're not listening to the question again, you're getting like the audience
Which is the most ridiculous?
Clarence will get laid this year, absolutely hysterical, it's a panic
It's a hoot
In addition to which the bees to be jealous anyway
Now look at the smiles in their faces
They look so content man, they look like, uh, Elsie DeVordan-Kahle, they look so content
Just haven't been firstly milked
Isn't that what they both look like?
Oh yeah, the bees then, and of course the moan-gully pictures
It really amusing because probably the two of them at this point are more at odds than ever before
Because it's just, you know, just a matter of time before the other shoe drops in that deal
But look at the beast with a big broad smile on his push
And those big broad shoulders and that manly body
He says that's the body he has under the thigh
And Clarence, with the, uh, I have never seen he smiling ear to ear
And a real lady is your feminist body there too
Ha ha ha ha
So I have to take back what I said last week about who the top was in that pairing
I have to take that back
Because after looking at Clarence in that picture I think
There could only be one reason to be smile on like that
Anyway, maybe they switched
Maybe they switched?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Maybe we could invite all the chronicsticals in the end of the moral, and then you'd do the show
Don't forget to look for the Q&A and noon to one day at Palm Metal Kawasaki located at 6400 West 20th Avenue in Hylia
The lovely, the hung Miguel will be there
Stopped by to win free tickets tonight's Marlins Vets Game
courtesy of the real yellow pages from Billsau
Tickets tonight to Marlins Vets Game
Miguel be given away, any takers out there?
Beanable took a pair
He's got a pair
So for else as he had a couple hundred people there last night now
Other people have given me varying reports
Even the B's who sucks his ass so hard it's like almost illegal in Dave County
He said about 80 or 90
And the Haseedam that they called in a mode this morning they said like about 80
But we'll see how well humorful we're for real
There about couple hundred people there last night
And 50 people in the pool area all just hopped on top of each other just grabbing it
See that was his definition of getting laid last night, Beanable
That was his definition
Somebody grabbed something in the pool
Oh my mind just went on
Yeah
They thought somebody dropped their baby Ruth in the pool I think is what it was
But anyway, I don't know
5,6,7,0,5,60
It was like Marquis
He's
About 5,60
And they probably think that I'm making a story of about him like
Going to take a leak in three in the morning and being so drunk on his ass
That he fell back into the goddamn bathtub
And peed all over himself and all over the goddamn wall and everything in sight
That's our beaner boy man that's the one
He's the best
He is life challenged
WDQAM
Yeah
Yes sir
When does George odd do the start doing the shows
When does George, why would you like to have about 11 o'clock?
He's one of the best
Is he?
Yeah I love him, he talks about the swing clubs
He's been in a
Slave at Magazine with Lisa Lev
He's the greatest
Okay, about 1130
Oh thank you
Okay you're welcome
1130 George
It's one of your people
Yeah
He's another one similar to Clarence's twin brother
He was a crank
Can't get laid
5,6,7,0,5,60
Pound 5,60
In fact you noticed that the people that show up at these events are the people who cannot get laid
They'd like the guy with a fanny pack and a guy with the eyes
Right, if you could get laid you'd be doing that
Instead of being at the Amarlan game
Shmuzin around with a bunch of you know
WACOS
77 votes for George W. Bush
That's a shocker
I think it's unpatriotic
WQAM
And now we've seen Norm Cantad in the business section today
Norm Cantad for what?
There's Marlan Marlins to command ads and South Florida Gay with him
He fasted me that weeks ago
That's an old strike
Get out of here you loser
See I told you this is going to be exciting today
Norm Cantad, Marlins is loose
No I am going to enjoy it tremendously
And don't mention Norm Cantad on this show ever again
OK, cause me yesterday
Oh I got a great idea of the New Rogers Bobble Head Dolls for my charity
He's got an idea for how I can help him raise money for his charity
We got our own charity abandoned pet rescue
Which I just wrote out a big fat check to get the ball rolling on it
And we're going to have the best of CDs
And a whole bunch of those more Howard David and Keychains
That'd be funny
Yeah, those are coming out
Right
Yeah, that would be funny
And I guarantee you, as big of a head as the mad dog ones
Where these are going to make those parallel to what significance
Absolutely
So you just mark my words
I know it's too late for that
No, no, this there
Oh we can get that in
Yeah, well please
That's got to be on a keychain
Absolutely
If you have your mad dog and Mohawarb Keychains
You can have them talk to each other
And answer each other
Uh huh
I'll work on that
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on EAT and T in Verizon Line WQAM
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I had a good idea, Mohawarb Keychains
And bring back Joey Reynolds and Goldie
How's that sound?
We got a phone I'm breaking you up, you sir
Okay, for some real assistance
For some very serious health
You see what I've always said?
All the little talented people out there
Just waiting for their opportunity to shine
For their moment in the spotlight
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 on EAT and T in Verizon Line WQAM
We're just having a schmooze fest here
That's all we're doing to these people know how to do it
See I'm trying to resurrect what used to be a lot of fun doing a talk show in this town
Used to be great
Yeah
And I've gone all the way from now to being a little way too serious
Greenless bedtime stories that only George enjoyed
Way too much and I would get out of here
Such a suckhole
If I would have said him been licking the fudge all the summer long you would have said it was great
I do like fudge
Fudge is good, hot
Sun is hot fudge Sunday
Yeah
On fish food
With maraschino cherries
And real whipped cream
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60
So we've tried all of that
But just to try just a little taste speaking of that
Just a taste to resurrect the good old days
Good luck
It'll be great
You'll see
All right
I mean if not I got a whole cramp load of stuff
A good stuff
Great
Will we see Gore TV?
Will we see that?
No
Oh that's the new rumor
Oh yeah we're going to have a Gore TV or radio
The liberal network
Oh Neil you need to be on that
No
No
We'll leave that to the goddess
WQAM
Shmoos line
Hello
Yes sir
This QAM?
Yes it is
Hi I'm on a cast of boat for the survey and also trying to get some tickets from my son and I for the metkin
Some tickets from home
From Neil Lewis
Neil Lewis?
How about radio?
Neil Lewis?
I thought he was going to be great
This is the best hour I've had in years
He hasn't got any idea what my name is
He hasn't got a clue what god damn my plan that he's on
But he wants some free god damn tickets
Welcome back to soft board and Neil
Yeah
God is this a great place or what huh?
What?
The next person who mentions free ticket for the marlins games
I'm going to tell you right now I'm going to do something nasty
I'm going to fix him up with clearance
I'll just turn it to you on the pool by the way don't tell me he's in the behind
He's in last place only six votes and one of those was mine
See they just don't know
Get those marlins tickets out of my face you idiot
See you know something about him
He's one of those people doing a fine job getting a lot of compliments
Getting a little extra smeared onto the table
But he doesn't know when to stop pushing it
You've met people like him just pushing it a little further every day
Yesterday he was throwing his yo-yo in a dust face
You were out taking a crap one of your four craps
He was like throwing his ass he was slinging it right in dust face all day long
And that's almost took a hold of it
Ten
Ten fifty eight
And pulled it which would have been a sad moment for you believe you me
Because once he gets a hold of your yo-yo man that's the end of that
You know hurricane season is here oh my god is it ever
May and June and July it goes on
Before a storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home
But what about the roof of your house?
The Soma paint factory makes roof mastic
A roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof
Soma's roof mastic has saved hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew
While unprotected roofs were peeling off and flying away
Soma is also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof
Call the Soma paint factory at 305
633
6333
The Soma paint factories the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacture in the entire state
Soma will save you a lot of cash because they eliminate the middleman markups
They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands at retail stores
So protect your home and property from softwaters tough tropical climate
And especially with hurricane season here right now
Get the best paints and waterproof coatings at the best prices
Call the Soma paint factory that's SOMAY
Soma paint factory at 305
6333
or find them on the web at Soma.com
You save money when you buy directly from the Soma paint factory
and be sure to tell them that NeoPortety call 305
6333
333
And look all this is 430560
You weigh in weigh in
Get in and hold it
Got King Kong
Swayly hello chief
I like real good bill of eating my feet
Sees
Hey hey I got monkey fox
And I'm not clownin' around
The Nannas got big straight men
And sure to find diaper brown
I love eating my mouth
Just try to keep these things in
Playin' monkey records all day
Sell my toes and my fingers
And wonder why they smell this way
Like J-friend months
I'm a chimpanzee
And I'm as mighty as Jo Young
But maybe landslot clean
Hey hey I got monkey fox
I'm all harryin' brown
I got some irritation
So I'm full of my diaper down
I got some real friendly
There's been a hammer down
With all the fun we did have it
Throw it on you girls
Club at 03560
WQM Happy Thursday too
We're having a big party over here
The beast is standing in there
Because he can't eat outside
Because his good bunk buddy
Clarence will let him do it
Now why are you got
Why do you have that facial mask
We're having an attack
A little bit of
Poor baby
He's having a little bit of a problem
And his pants of course
The beast he's standing there
He keeps eating
Sheldon away
If you took a dump on the chair
He wouldn't stop him from eating
Nobody can maintain that girth
By being a little squeamish
And not only is he standing there
With his 400 pounds up against the wall
He's sucking on oatmeal
Oh my god
There are a few things
So the beast, I mean, what's the same difference?
Little beast, beener boy
He brings me back a fistful here
A fistful of Marlon tickets from
You know what we ought to do?
Let's give these away
Hey anybody wants a Marlon tickets from last night's game
I think they might lose 10 to 5
But nevertheless it'll be a great time at the pool
Huh?
And for all we'll be there last night
It's going to be great
If you missed it now you don't have to
All of Marlon executives are going to be there
Suck it up to Scott
It's going to be great
If you missed it here's some tickets so you don't have to miss out
Hey Malcolm McDalby of Aero
We put you in the time tunnel with him and James Deere and Pat Boone
Right?
I got some DVDs last night
But I'm not going to watch him yet
I got Snatch
Yeah?
How do you like that?
It's about time
Clarence
Yeah, I got Snatch last night
Uh, 232 votes on the pool
GW Bush is a great leader, 108
George is a great fill in for Neil 36
He says coming in the middle east 36
You're tied with your uh, or 30
I'm sorry about 30
Moe Howard David is a great show 29
The Marlins are going to win 91 games
At least according to many of our callers earlier before the season started
12
Farrell has a pleasant voice 10
And Clarence again can't get out of last place
Clarence our program director will get laid this year
9 people say that's the most ridiculous statement of them all, including me
Maybe if you put by a girl, the results would be higher
No, I wasn't saying I wasn't thinking that
Oh, I was thinking about anything alive
Anything uh, breathing
Or a warm
Maybe not breathing but warm recently alive
So this was from Treasur Island last night, huh?
This fish is this this fissful of Marlin tickets that you guys couldn't give away
Oh no
We don't have to do
Hey Scott, I know you're on your way up to Bokeh and to play golf with the old man
But let me just say this to you, okay, seriously
And I don't know I'm Santa because he already knows it he admitted to me
He knew before we started what a bogus place this was
He's just having a good he's fun in here. That's all
He's funding in place. He's getting a little extra on the side
It was really interesting last night speaking of that
A lot of point you were there to Treasur Island
Oh, I thought you made it to Marlin game
A lot of people showed up to get the poison tickets that we said we were gonna have
Right, we did, right? And we asked them what do you want?
Poison or Marlin's tickets and they didn't even think you were talking about their concerts
They tell you like are they
The reaction it's like wait, we're not joking we're serious
You want concert tickets or Marlin tickets?
Oh my god, let me think about that for a couple of seconds, okay
Let me call my attorney and see what he says
Let me talk to Jonathan Edwards over there and see a cross, see what the dead people say about it
One, two, three, four, five, six
There's about a dozen tickets for like more than that
About 15
In fact, they're like all stuck together here because it's from Treasur Island
But third man, it might be that many
And couldn't give them away, couldn't give them away
In other words, they didn't have to go
These are people who were just taking them
They said oh yeah, well thank you very much and maybe thought about going like kind of way up the Hershey
Highway and away up the turn, maybe I don't think so, they're always behind 15 and nothing you know
But they wouldn't even touch them with their hands
That's how despicable this concept to go to a Marlin game was to these people
So let me say it again, do you silly people? Do people refuse to take a no for an answer like Norma can't speak into him?
Nobody cares
Look at that, see he's not a bit and you're right, it's it's a big yawn
Make no mistake about it, a big fat yawn
There's surgery for that
That by when there was the Beast debut on QAN that was his first time on the US when the Dirt of McLaren so much plus his shapely ass
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line
We're having a Neil Rogers schmooza thaw today, and tomorrow, WDQAN
That's Neil how's it going?
Okay
Hey, it's good to have you back inside Florida man and first thing you and for all the crossover is fantastic
Yeah, that's completely hilarious
He's a trip
And the Beast did suck in his first show
Oh, I heard you
Let me just tell you something, I told the Beast is stuck going
Like every time he opens up Playboy he's got some pictures of some hot naked babes in here
You know, stop sucking that much so this morning
Pharrell is talking about some Marlin executive or some guy that he met last night
They're not confused with the fact I'm willing grace and he said oh this guy's a real good guy and then Beast goes
Huh, which maybe the Beast has got the hots for the guy, I don't know
But I mean that's just it wasn't the appropriate sound to make at that point Beast
Sounds like they should put them in the magazine
Yeah, exactly
But I heard you mentioned Netflix the other day I was going to vouch for it
It's fantastic
Who's that on that line for us?
Thanks, yeah
But Netflix is fantastic
If you're into the movie things like you guys have been you got to get ahold of it, it's great
You didn't mention movies did you?
Oh, sorry
See you
We're not talking movies this week, okay? Or next week?
Or for the next several shows? Who is that?
It's Bob Lincoln
Hey, didn't anybody tell you that Bob Ackins died?
Yes
Oh
But what can you possibly want?
I wanted to give you a good news
Yeah
Viva Las Vegas I moved here
I'm sitting here as we speak
Oh, you moved to Vegas?
Yes, sir
See that doctor Bob Ackins had that nasty fall unfortunately never recovered and died
And Bob Lincoln being the wise guy that he is, so to speak
He figured he better get out of here while the game was good and moved to Vegas
And on that plane he was singing Viva Las Vegas
Sorry, I missed that
Boy, I'll tell you what a difference
Yeah
What a difference
I know
I should have done this a long time
Just like me being in Toronto, you know what a difference with pleasant, wonderful people
Living and breathing people under the age of 100 with a smile in their face and a hand in your pocket
My daughter's boyfriend and he jumped out of his skinny within the Albertsons and one of the employees came up and said
Can I help you with something, sir?
Yeah, yeah, shocking
Oh, totally
And service here, God forbid
That you will love
And I'm going to tell you what a difference with the fact that you are in Vegas
And I'm going to tell you what a difference with the fact that you are in Vegas
And I'm going to tell you what a difference with the fact that you are in Vegas
And I'm going to tell you what a difference with the fact that you are in Vegas
And I'm going to tell you what a difference with the fact that you are in Vegas
And I'm going to tell you what a difference with the fact that you are in Vegas
And I'm going to tell you what a difference with the fact that you are in Vegas
Yeah, there's a bunch of good stuff out there
Great, well listen, have a great life out there and keep in touch
I will
And say how to Dr. Bob
I will
He's going to be on Jonathan Edwards 3 o'clock this afternoon
Thanks Bob
Bob Lincoln, there's a guy boys happening back to memories or what?
Viva Las Vegas, oh there's the plane that's over there on the other side of the tarmac
You can't, oh
We want to apologize again to anybody in this audience who was on our Vegas trips those three years
Especially those two with Bob
He was email well and he was real tight with that rich
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, see I want to see some response here today
This has been very lame
You know I realize there's nobody in town but I come back for a few days
I like to feel like somebody cares about it
You know like somebody feels something besides in the building
Oh Gene you'll have to go back more often
Man they're all sucking me so hard out there in a hallway it's like I'm drained
Amazing you can make it to the studio
Exactly
God
Oh you have to go back more often
No
No I don't think so
This is more than enough believe me
More than enough
And then I got that long winner to look forward to
Oh I don't know I'm gonna do that
I wasn't joking about that yesterday because I'm certainly not gonna freeze my ass in Toronto all winter long
But where would be a good alternative?
Where the weather is like mild you know
Stewart for the winter?
Yeah like the middle of November to like the first of March
Texas
Albuquerque
How about Louisiana?
You know it gets pretty damn cold those aren't warm places either
No you got to hang down to get into the warm
Right like maybe not San Diego but like what Santa Barbara
Right?
Baja California
Baja sounds really good
You can hang with some beer
Tijuana
I don't want it
I could be on extra X, T, R, and Tijuana that would be good then I could say F and S, H and all other stuff on a year
I don't
I mean that fish not on this one
Probably it's after 11 at 560 WQM I'm gonna tell you about a spectacular place in fact two fine restaurants in town
Jeff Cohen owns in both the world famous pizza lofts in Davie and implantation
The original Broward location is on university drive in Davie between Griffin Road and 595 right beyond Pier 1 imports
And the Broward location is on Navhill and Sunrise right behind the Walgreens
And that little strip shopping center can't see it from the street but the good news is both pizza loft locations
Offer your fresh delicious Italian goodies, very modest prices and great friendly service to
Can't be the one with a stick
They get all your Italian favorites every kind of pasta dish under the sun and chicken and veal seafood
Three different kinds of fabulous pizza, calzone, super subs and garlic rolls that got to be the best in the universe
So bring the whole family to the pizza loft like I said the price is right so you don't have to put a big bite into your pocket book
Eat it there, have a delivery or stop by take it home for our catering as little as 5 bucks per person in Davie call 954
9168880
954 9168880 for take out catering and delivery implantation call 3a2 1999
That's 954 3a2 1999 and just on keeps getting better and bigger at the world famous pizza lofts
My, my and local, this is 43560
You way, you way yeah
So you're back
You're getting worried about what I eat
Y'all's a boss
Oh
1117 at 560, man there is a response here, I'm doing a show at the in a funeral for a reign it you are
Anybody want these Marlin tickets from last night Marlins in a mess it says right there on the ticket pro player stadium
705 p.m. Marlins met tickets we got I got a fistful of them right now
We'll throw in some magical parking passes 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only AT&T and Verizon wireless
Now you can take Ricky Tiki's parking spot right out there in front of magic
I'm doing screenless we're giving away last night's Marlin tickets and there's one call on the board WQAN
And it's the operator
Wow so here's a fact oh I got two faxes to catch up on meet him real slow nil
See in past years it seems to me that I like toward about the 20th of June like just about now is when I started my thing and this year for some reason I looked in the I should just told about
I'll start on when I feel like it right the two the interstitial
So anybody that knocks George for struggling through the summer months broad tell you I don't know how he does it I just don't know how you do it
I mean you're talking to yourself
I know that especially when you're on WQAN
NIL
Yes
Because of your show and all the drafts that you play in the recommendation yes already four years old and my wife and I sat down last night and watched the first time
You watched the Godfather for the first time for the first time yeah
The brains will all be nice I believe suit and
Because of all the drafts that you play and I'm so used to hearing them I like that I was psychic because I knew all the lines before they even said him
It was
I think your brain is going to suck
Anyway, so how do you enjoy how did it change your life?
I thought I was I thought I don't know if it changed my life. Oh come on. I thought it was a really good movie. I bet you this life this line changed your life
I don't care how many day go get any what grease ball come on come out of the wood work. They had to do it
I've laughed for five minutes. Yeah, that was good
Jack Waltz
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not sure if I could take over the program director down there
But I got a great way to increase numbers in that five day shift without changing anything go right ahead
You just change the name to free tickets today. Uh-huh. We'll be right back with more free tickets today
Coming up after the break free tickets today. You know what I'm saying? I think it would work. I think I think you got your finger on it
Hey, guys. Thanks, palmy
There's a guy saw the godfather last night thanks to me
I don't want to talk me about a hundred years of encouragement. They finally got around with here's a
Auschis facts. Wait to do this. It's gotta be it's gotta be a comedy facts. I hope so, but I don't think so
Although it is on sign Neil. Hello, do you think you can invite Rimmer to your program today or tomorrow?
Yeah, as the draft is coming up. I'd like to know his opinion
I wouldn't also did you hear for all this morning when he said that Valbury might be coming back
Yeah, that's what it said to big article in both sports sections and the newspapers
What a joke that would be and you are absolutely correct
I'm sure Rimmer would love to come on your program and talk hockey. Oh, I'm sure he would but it ain't gonna happen
There's about as much chance that that happening is my bite him anymore meals. Here's another fact that says
Out of the contest the hottest babies Liz gets two huge ones up, but Frank looks like an escape prisoner from little Havana
I noticed how George and G. W. Arneck and neck and neck and today's poll know they're not and I was wondering if we could put a picture of George on your
Sight dancing shoulder to shoulder with W. He don't want to be a scene with him and by the way one is George coming on
I think a little ass and babe talk is in either of here says a factory in Kendall
See this is the problem now you got it with Howard Spurmer
You got your baby and ass talk with for well you got it up to your earlobe's baby and ass talk
So we're gonna try to give you like as we always do something different what I'm here
Like penis talk. It's not anything different. No, no seriously. I mean I just or talk right anything else
Just to try to calm you down a little bit and then of course when the mad dog comes on then well
Oh, right and what that's all about that man. Seriously. He like he made me change my underwear twice yesterday when he was in here
Soiled me twice
He is so ecstatic about to be it on doing two to four and also my giving him that advice
He see that's a guy to mad dog who's not a bull crap artist. He'll thank me for what I want
He's honest enough to admit that I'm the one that changed his life
He said you taught me man
He said you taught me less work and more money, which is why he's on like once a week
Yeah, that's two hours it gets a fortune nice go on mad dog and of course Hank now it is a 15 minute show
Yeah, he's doing the same thing that was getting paid zillions for working about 20 minutes a week
That's the way we like it here at Q.A.N. That's why we're even nice to the underlings like our program director clearance
How much do you think he's pulling down?
so to speak
You
Figures plus
And he can't get laid
He's making six figures and he can't get laid
What what is that? He's making three figures
You're making and and and beta boys making three figures with a decimal in between a second and third ones
And he can get laid and then looks like crap to top it all up. So it's got nothing to do with appearance
Because believe me if I had to put the clearance and beanor boys side by side
I wouldn't know which one to start crying about
Which of these statements is the most ridiculous and of course both of them would say well look at yourself pal
Hey, you'd be amazed he'll be shocked
Which of these statements is the most ridiculous George W. Bush is a great leader 134
George is a great fill in for Neil 60 all the way do love his ass is eating ass and sucking armpit to our shows
Pieces coming in the middle east 41 more Howard David it does a great show of 33
The marlins will win 91 games 19 and now we got a tie for last place
Clarence is starting to get a little bit of respect for the audience
See the problem with Clarence is they don't know they don't know that much about him
Just what we say on the air. Well, they could see his picture now
They could see his picture with the beast on the O'Rodgers.com if you want to understand what the problem is there
Just take a look at that. Okay. Take a look at that girly body
For all has a pleasant voice 11 votes for that and Clarence our program director will get laid this year 11 of us including me
So that's the most ridiculous thing I've heard not only this year, but in a coons age in a very very long time
Don't forget check out the QA van new into one today the lovely Miguel is gonna be there
We'll talk to you about Castro for hours and hours. You'll stay late at Palmeiro Kawasaki located at 6400 west 20th Avenue, hi, Lea stop out of wind free free tickets
Free tickets to the nice marlin's meds game courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bell south where they haven't caught on yet WQ
A.M.
I'm so wasted
WQ A.M.
Hello, sir. I'm calling for Neil speaking. All right
Is this Neil? Yes it is. Oh Neil. I wanted to tell you that I saw something this morning you might get in it
I kick out of the door a homeless guy
That is collecting money on the street corner of seventh and flagler
Speaking on cell phone
That's sure. Yeah, that's probably Sean can only he's making contact with all of his flunkies
He's he's he's no he's coordinating activities. No, it's just amazing. I couldn't believe where's a homeless person get a cell phone
How's that happen? Sean probably is in a $300,000 house
Like I said probably it was in a $500,000 house you could be
I'll hold on to the tickets if you'd like
Oh
Oh man this town oh Neil you're not here to feel the pulse of the community. I feel the pulse believe me
Every time I pop a roi
I say no the pulse of the community is getting back in me
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. So anyway speaking of a homeless voice George tells me
Was it last week story somewhere about the last couple of weeks?
That they're now a sexual predators people are on the list on the list of known sexual predators are being
Sheltered and used by the homeless voice people to go stand out in street corners and
Shmory around they give them the home. They suckle. They're right. They unleash them on your hood. Right
They're being encouraged. They're being like kept in the community by homeless voice one more reason to say no
Just say to homeless voice get away from my car mother scratch every light isn't that the thing we say get away from my car
Mother's scratcher every time we see somebody from homeless voice get your ass away from my car mother scratcher an out of the A system that does that God
Sexual predators that's lovely and other degenerates of various shapes and sizes
And they in militant that's the thing it really gets me their militant like if you don't the immediately fork over some cash
Right away. They start bad mouthing. Oh, you driving a corvette that cheap prick. Yeah. Okay. Blow it out your ass
Get them off the street corn. We got a whole festival of tickets for last night's game
We can tell it's gonna be a barn burner met's 10 marlins five
See at least you won't have to worry about your blood pressure going up
There won't be any suspense
You know exactly what the final score is gonna be you'll even know what innings the runs are gonna be scored in
So you can actually pay attention those innings and in the rest of the time you can be like you know taking a good nap
Checking out the pool to see if be inner boys getting laid again in his mind
So who was this lovely lady that you love wow see I'm getting a little presumptuous a little head of myself
No, what's the lady but I beg your pardon what the lady I don't know if I can mention her name over the air
Oh, we don't I don't want her name, but I mean I'm looking for like how old was she
Remind me never to involve him in a conversation again
27 past 11 at 560 wq. Weim let me tell you about some great folks
Dial amateurs man these people I always knew they were nice people, but they're like better than nice
We just took up like with personal buddy Moses here holy Moses with a bet and these people are so great that it's
Unspeakable. It's beyond belief your loved doing business with them because they just make it so easy
No rip-offs no games no hassles no big overhead that they want to rip you off to pay for because they don't have anything for it
All you got to do is pay for the merchandise one easy call to dial macris milk replace your rorn out crappy lumpy
Bumpy old macris with a great new name brand new one at an unbeatable everyday low price
They got all the top names only top names. They don't carry any off brands no
Miss matches no garbage
Dial amateurs has got silly and certain Simmons temper petic no sales gimmicks like I said
Just the best merchandise in the history of mankind and if you got big bucks to spend
They've got the high-end beds too like ceilies crown jewel line and the top models from every brand all at unbeatable prices
Every single day all you do is make that one simple call one 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR yes, and if you call right now you can be sleeping in a real comfort as soon as tonight
Because they'll show up there as
You want with an a-two-hour winner that's convenient for you. It's unheard of nobody else does this
You get to choose the date and time for living that fits you schedule
And they set up the brand new bedding and take away the crappy moldy nasty smelly old bedding for absolutely nothing for free
So do yourself a big favor instead of schlepping all over town of those bedding and departments through as especially in this
Unbelievable heat just sit there in your cool air condition
Wherever you happen be hanging out and make that one easy call to dial amateurs
1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR yes, and please tell me the old Neil Tony to call or check them out on their website at mattress dot com
Video that shows real girls flashing their goods during spring break weekend Florida
But what about the hoties who spend the whole year in Florida now they've got their own video
It's golden girls gone wild
Why it's all your favorite golden girls door the rows blanche and they always said I'm just so fear
I sure it's a thing but was under that trap well
You won't have to think because golden girls gone wild is two full hours of these ravenous retirees showing loads of rickley's
Can I am the most attractive and available woman in all of Miami golden girls gone wild
These hoties with hot flashes are going topless average as they get
Except when they're arthritis laser
Yeah, I'm gonna be able to open my eyes again
It doesn't give any sexier than this but they'll take our word for it
Listen to what the golden girls are saying about each other
She looks like eight for gold
It's golden girls gone wild watch it just one time and you'll agree
Dark day in the history of mankind golden girl
Skull Wild come out it's 1133 27 till noon on a tear-inducing Thursday here look at that phone
Screenless yeah, shmou's fest right nothing
Nothing
I think we've hit rock bottom, you know, I can feel the barnacles right on my ass
Look at this Homer Simpson looks at the beat Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King's union to the title of the greatest American and a BBC online pool
Homer Simpson
Aiming the ham fisted but lovable head of the Simpson family is so far
Topping the list of 10 famous Americans with over 40% of votes in these strictly unscientific BBC online pool
The pool is being carried out ahead of a live 90 minute global TV debate about America's place in a world
Where it's the BBC will screen with along with 10 other national broadcasters and here's the result so far
Homer Simpson 40.83 percent not even close
Abraham Lincoln 10.7 percent Martin Luther King's junior 10 percent Thomas Jefferson six and a half percent Mr. T
Mr. T 8.38 percent ahead of Thomas Jefferson
Although Tom did say he'd like to have Mrs. Sleeve Bob Dylan six point fifteen percent George Washington five percent Franklin
The Roosevelt four point three percent that's the that's the gratitude he gets for bailing those brits ass out
The WW2 four point thirty four percent they're just jealous
Ben Franklin four point fifty two percent and Bill Pinto and three point ninety two percent
Isn't that something what a bunch of assholes your British bank is on me. You're pathetic. You're sad you're tragic
But they sure taught funny. Yeah, there's Sully and they talk funny and they too much spotted dick and totem hole
Five six. Well, look at that now all of a sudden they're making a comeback. Now what's what these lines?
See there's something I don't know you hear that that's how they're funky. That's how they're real funky to me
WQ I am
Welcome back. Thank you so much. It's been nice being here for a while
Oh, I heard the funniest thing on a certain FN quest for oxidation
They do in a fireworks commercial for some fireworks company. It's a guy in a girl and the guy is a forl
Sound alike. Oh, yeah, he's already he's already sasserating into other now. This wasn't the Paul and young Ron show by any chance
No, oh good. This is on
a big one of six
But how is for
Yes, okay, but
Yeah, and I heard when pizza off got in the other day a friend of mine dragged me there come on you can do better than that
There that stuff is
well
Lovely five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What are you shaking your head about?
Well, welcome to our crowd man welcome to our crowd. They don't like Georgian. I have both tried to tell you no matter what it is no matter
How good it is they don't like it. They don't like it blow it out your ass you moron
Nobody q. I.m
Yeah, sir a little fireport
How he was using your lawyer's name today. He was loving. He's screaming because it was your lawyer
About one girl got to drop the beast buddy from about what see you can't have a conversation
I don't even know what he's talking about. I have no clue what this man is talking about
Do you know I missed it and see you could one could have had a conversation there see they're they're terrified
Disguired they're like hitting run even people that pretend to be friendly hitting run
You just don't understand the fine art or even the weak are to have a conversation you haven't got a clue what it's all about
None zero
Give me the tickets and by the way that they hate you
Not necessarily in that order WQ. I.m
John 11. H. you good excellent. See there you go WQ. I.m
Hi again now. Howdy, sir pretty good. I just joined you this morning now, so I don't know if you already covered it
What do you mean?
I just got into how much I was talking about
All right, so I don't know if you seen it about person before she was on the
TV show last night talking about Iran. Yeah, so I mentioned it. He's seen rattling the spear yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah, so they might come up with a 34 WNT ball. So I would have been good if you would have put that on the pole
Yes, they've actually had to call you but you were I'm the line for 50
You got what would have put one on the pole WMD the most things that we go what I care about you know what I'm worrying about
Okay, well listen have a safe avoid five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Look I said Georgia started to summon schedule at about 20 oh all I don't do this to me. What do you mean by that?
Well, where am I gonna go I could go in there. There you go answer the phone
Yeah, I'll answer him just as much as you're answering him right that's what I'll do
Can't believe they don't want last night's Marlon Metz tickets and the best part of it is these who take it
They didn't want before the game. That's the best part. Nobody Q. I.m
I'm sure I'm doing okay. I just a couple of things to run by you. Okay
Often Wellington I asked one of Sean Kennedy's boys. I said to him. You do know you're making him a very rich man
And he said yeah, I know
And we both got all after and I drove away
Well, I don't know what's funny about that, but I guess uh, yeah
I'm not as funny, but I just he agreed
You know and my wife was in the sorrel yesterday for first time. Yeah
Absolutely love them, but you know what her first question was is that his real hoist?
I got a feds looking for me
And uh, where's got the horn boy been hot now evidently
That here from him no more
Tata see ya
560560 pound 560 on the ATT Dave hockey Dave don't hear from him no more
My front yard there's probably getting a little on the schmutzie side not that they paying the attention to it
No, they've all uh, they've bailed out on us. That's okay. I understand. Not everybody. They've got bigger fish to fry now
WQ. I.m
I'm going back
Actually sent in some pictures, but I was the guy who did the uh, scurly nail jonesy.info
I'm trying to send you guys some more stuff
But I don't know if it's the right address the the contest one that that email is like kind of shut down
Is an email I can send you guys don't know what I hold. Oh, okay hang on. I will look. He'll be the info hang on
Yeah, that guy's great. He did the swing and moping with the mowing the swing and nuts
We've got more good stuff from the audience. Just when you we want to sell them short
See the collar suck and that's uh, that's always been the way it works
But we've got some very creative people out there who are not necessarily callers including this guy
You know, this was not the best but uh really a hidden genius
I mean the pictures of how mowing guilty and the picture of me on all fours with ad lamb shade and the you taking it from
The old man from the momeister
But the I think the award winner is clearance and you know something. I think we got tomorrow's poll right
Don't you I see where you're going
Yeah
Yeah far away
No seriously I the picture of the beast with his hand around a naked
Clarence's waist and both of them with such a small a satisfaction on their pus
It's just it's just perfect. That's a beautiful thing
I still like the thrusting mo
The name of that picture should be pure bliss
Am I right? That
The definition of pure bliss if you look at the dictionary under your book that photo will pop up
I mean
That'll pop right up
Oh brother, it's just uh
And I gotta be honest with you the clearance was a little on the fruity side in that picture because they're always picking on you
Parents looks very fruity in that picture. Huh? Well, it'll look fruity. I just heard it
Don'd on me before although I have mentioned you that I think uh
19 till noon at 5
60 Q.A.M
I
We're sports radio five six
Q.A.M
I'm a Q.A. coming soon the next installment in Peter Jackson's epic trilogy
Gandalf you've come back to us. Well, I used to be called Gandalf but all of a sudden
But I'm being I am Gandalf eating the boss of the rings
Gandalfini what shall we do about the dark lord sora?
Yeah
How do I know about it? Are you saying what I think you're saying? I say nothing. We're just talking here
wink wink
The boss of the rings the sequel to the good fellowship of the rings hey give me the dwarf yes
Gandalfini the what kind of name is ghibli anyway
I mean is that Cecilia the one the boss of the rings he's a wizard at knowing what to do with stolen jewelry
Hey Frodo and I want you to take that ring about though you're taking about disco
Or a friend of ours or was a fan shop okay? You'll give it that dollar but but Gandalfini you want to kick my point some stairs come
Hey the boss of the rings he's bringing organized crime to middle earth
Do you know who I am? I'm low green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
Yeah, take that being a voice long 45 15 to noon at 5 60 WQM
She wasn't all enough to be a cheerleaders that what you said
407 votes on a poll which of these statements is the most ridiculous and a man in your position
Hey beast a man in your position does look
George W. Bush is a great leader
174 sedatives the most ridiculous of this list of seven magnificent choices
George is a great fill in for Neil 74. You say that's ridiculous
Pieces coming in the middle east 58. Moe Howard David is a great show 45
The marlins are win 91 games 28
Farrell's got a pleasant voice 16 and clearance our program director will get laid this year only 12 of us said that
So I think there may be high hopes for clearance there
You think we could only hope I doubt it
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live final reminder
Look for that big impressive QAM van and the lovely shiny McGill noontil one day at Palmetto Kawasaki at
16400 West 20th Avenue, Ohio, Lea stop by to win free tickets tonight's marlins meds game
courtesy of the real yellow pages from bill so buy a bitch. There'd be a line for that
Remember yesterday. Yeah, I got a line
Yeah, in fact, we used to work for a guy had a lot of line
In fact, I'm sure we probably still do
Wtq. I am hey Neil. I haven't heard you talk about the Hulk at all. Are you excited about it? What's the story? The what the Hulk
The Hulk coming out
I already saw it pirate copy. Yeah, never in the history of movie making
Has a movie been so bad. I was unprepared for how bad that was
I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, let me ask you though assuming that nobody your head seen. Why would I want to see that?
I don't know I
Oh, okay, well, listen, I'll keep my appeal for it. Okay, it's a big summer movie. See these people don't understand me at all
I don't need to McDonald's. I don't need a burger king. I'm not interested in standing online at Disney World
I mean, I'm just not I'm not one of those go along with the crown kind of people
I was not a thing you know normal can't that silly a queen calls me yesterday
Not only trying to get me to do that bobble head stupid thing that he says oh rumors are I'm here
And you're gonna be at the frills of marlin game tonight
Of course, it's normal was there because he goes all the time and gets free tickets and has no life
And I said do you think that there's really any chance I said if you paid me by the pitch. I wouldn't go
What about the get by the catch now?
Depends on who's catching
I would not go I would not attend I would not participate. Oh, but it's a big summer movie out now you got to see it
The Hulk in addition which you tell me that it really absolutely blue
hard
It blew absolutely hard. It sucked and blue. It sucked and blue so hard that you almost got sucked into the screen
It was sucked. You almost went through the goddamn movie screen and there were people screaming from the other side trying to get back out
That's how hard it sucked sir
WDQ I am
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Are you gonna continue with the
The the contest they have the number three is over the lifestyle contest?
Is that something you're gonna continue doing? We have one more in July and that's for right now. That's it
Okay, uh, which works out good because then after that starting in August we get our best of the CDs in the keychains great perfect
I don't quite understand some of the voting here, but I guess
Well, hey listen see if I make too many comments
It's not a good thing because then it sounds like I'm trying to like you know push people in one direction with the other
I can't I just can't afford to do that correct the contest I guess like Richard Sherrill's pretty hot
I guess Richard Sherrill me more friends with computers who can vote or something that I think you're starting to get warm now
I think you're still out your thumb on it. Thank Neil good job. Have a great day. Bye. Yeah, I don't I don't know
I mean like I said I can't say anything. I certainly have my opinions
And I certainly have off the air have made maybe expressed one or two
But on the air I just daston say nothing
Frank and Liz are in first place and seven oh eight nothing wrong with them except for a very very high total there
So you know
What?
708
Brian and Natasha and out of dancing wrong with them. They're in second place three sixteen
and then we get to
Holly and Darren 208
Mike and Kristen 207
Uh, and then we move on to uh that big smile Mary and Shane. She's got two. I mean they got 204
She's got two oh four
AM and Jan 184
Uh Greg and Stephanie 147
Daniel Michelle. This is the one that just it puzzles me 142
I just I can't say anything. Uh, I thought they would do a little better but I can't say anything
Captain singing is why nice wonderful folks. We love Captain sing tremendously one oh nine
He'd do better if he'd let his hair down if he'd let us hear it down a little bit kind of like Moe he needs to
Vicki and Mick and I said that yesterday if it was funny yesterday it's not still funny. It's not still funny
I mean he's tragic he's pathetic so
So awful
Vicki and Mick 96
Yeah, you know, I wasn't gonna say this on the air
But when Mandice was in here. I was on Monday, I guess
That's seriously because I know we had the ballgame was on Tuesday
And I hadn't seen him in a couple of months and of course we get along just great. We have
high mutual respect the Mad Dog and yours truly and
Worked together for what about 100 years now that I would be and hear all over the place. I love the Mad Dog
So we're talking about various things and he's telling thanking me for the new schedule two to four
He loves it and thanking me for like giving him the good advice less work and more pay and the audio idea
And so we got conversation eventually evolved to Moe
And I said the same thing to him that I had I guess it was fresh in my mind because I just said it to you on the air about
There's a part of Moe that you would that you see it very infrequently unfortunately
And there's that little humorous that twinkle in the eye that little sensey humor
That you really want to like
Right and Mad Dog looked at me like he didn't say it
But the message from his eyes was well, I haven't found it yet. Yeah
I think I know where it is and why we never see it
Oh no
It's in the bag though. It's on top of his head. Oh come on
I'm serious. I'm not saying that gratuitously. I mean it's far too late to be saying that
I don't think Moe and I are gonna be that tight. It's time to get it on well
They already are on that website. I mean we're getting it on heavy duty and I give him a high marks for energy
He just keeps swinging that thing man old man. He's like the energizer bunny staying power
Dan and Sherry have 47 votes
Rich and Cheryl have 38. She's got an enormous pair
And Jody and Kevin 24 in last place. They must be a very bad, but I'll say to you
I'm sure it's the photo that's Cepia
It kind of seep on it's kind of seeping negative weirdness
Yeah, it's just not a good camera 24 votes because the audience 2430 votes now
What do we wind up on the last contest 29 or something then change 29.53
Yeah, today's Thursday now we started out to think with about 1413 something the first day right
So it's increasing gradually, but keep in mind people can only vote
Yeah
Yeah, finish it. Come on
rarely
Well, no, the point I'm trying to make is that we're no matter how many hits we get on the website and lately has been phenomenal
There are only a limited number of people who can vote it's that a well crap again people can only vote at a certain rate
I don't want why why are you doing this to me? What what have I done? You know, what why do you do this? It's a contest
You can't do that, but then again, what do you know right not much
Clarites is by the way he wants to thank me for the tremendous publicity and hopefully there will be a line of beautiful babes
hanging outside the door as soon as he gets done with work this afternoon some of those girls from the marlins last night
Yeah, were they that desperate
Some of the skanky ones with the banana under-ass that for all was talking about this morning with the bruises on her head and on their body parts
Yeah, then they might do clearance like in the dark
Come on
5 6 7 0 5 oh the moosey man is resigning you just see that no and you want to know why he's resigning
see the controversy over Charlie moose
Who you remember I'm sure very very well
Of course was the fact that he had all kinds of offers for movie deals and book deals and his employer said
No, we don't think so
You can't be a consultant on a movie about the sniper case the county employee may not profit on the side from his official duties
And so he's basically saying okay
Well, how about not on the side? How about if I leave here? Yeah, and then I'll go out. I mean he's not really saying that but we know exactly what that's gonna be
He's gonna write a book
Write a book about those lunatics or scumbags in the bad news is those two bastards. They're still alive. That's the bad news
See that's a miracle for if we had real justice those two already be pushing up daisies
They be taking a long dirt and add those that pair of scumbags
But not an american man. We got to drag that thing out
And they'll probably get off you know with like a slap on a wrist as opposed to those guys in tulya, Texas
Who work and that the one guy how's that how old's that one guy like 60?
Eight or so what is he an old guy right ancient ancient guy and he cooled his heels in there for four or five years before they finally let his ass out
Sad just try that's the american fn way man. That's justice
Come into q.a.m
Hello, yes, sir
Getting restless. We're gonna do with them. Well, what would we gonna do with them? Well, it's a bit there
You know reminds me of it's like arthamic doffee all over again
That's what it's like to me got with on a motorcycle got chased and the one of getting killed sounds a lot like arthamic doffee and tamper to me
There you go and there's also been some ripple effects and they say emberling tin Vermont. I didn't think the wishmasters in Vermont
one and two
one or two
Click and you know how he said it real fact at the end right before we put the phone back down that always a president only manager
Very good very effective sir
There are only two shfarts as in brubble. They're not there right now as a matter of fact. They're both on a way down to get you now
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18 t and Verizon wireless line w.k.y.m
Hey, yes, sir
I don't want to using any bad information the technical term what what do you mean you don't want me using any bad information
What does that mean the technical term for a phobia? It's not a phobia that color thought he knew so much. It's a do it
Yeah, that's what it's called. I don't want me to that color. We had like 6,000 people all said cp
No, it's not it's a do it tone two colors anyway. Well, what what who is like black and blue do it on and so any two colors
Right exactly. Okay, cp and well, we shouldn't want to be given no bad information
You have any idea what do you remember when they were doing that on the NFL? Yes, I did it was terrible
It didn't work a couple of months ago a couple of months ago you had a caller around the time the space shuttle crash
He really bothered me. He mentioned some Bob a booey goo for Dan rather. I know who this guy is Steve Rubin
Stop stop calling Neil and
You know start paying people on the job. Let me if you hear this. I know you're a chronic if it gets okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. What are you looking at your watch? Oh, I'm just waiting
Waiting for what to a clown. Yeah
Oh, you thought I waited too long was that the thing? No, no, I think I timed it out. Okay, and if not that's okay too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line don't forget Miguel is out there giving away Marlon tickets any takers out there
No, I think it would be great if we had some good sports who would take these tickets from last night's game
They could keep us a souvenir. They might be worth something someday where the real the only thing is you will have to drive down here to get them
And then you'll have to service clearance in before we didn't before you get the tickets
You way up
This mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
Got an inside Wall Street 10
How she's gonna pay for it
Prober says she lied just soon be
Time
That's
You're up in the stripes send her to sing sing put her in for life
That would be a good thing
Oh
Is
At all
Your
It's still doing this with your sound.
Combo 1-560 WQM is kind of ashamed that Muff had to take a reduction in pace so that
clearance could be making six figures and still can't get laid.
Not that we've regurged our clearance anything. You know, he's a good guy.
But don't you think that's unfortunate?
Don't be like them coming in saying, hey George, we'd like you. You've been here a long time now.
You're doing a fine job. You don't cause too many problems anymore.
But we're cutting your pay in half because Bina Boy's got to get paid.
Well, it kind of worked out that way anyway since he's not getting paid. I have to subsidize it.
Oh, okay. So in other words, it came with like a behind the ass deal.
Right. We're schmoozing and losing, man. Mostly losing here these two days today and tomorrow.
That's the way I wanted it. I thought it was going to be just...
And it has. It has. It has looked up to every expectation I had.
It's been exactly what I thought.
5-6-7. Right. You can smell it.
I could feel it. Yeah.
Which of these statements is the most ridiculous is our question on neo-roger.com that they were going to spectacular response on a poll.
469.
George W. Bush is a great leader. 200 people say that's ridiculous.
George is a great fill in for neo. 83 people see that's even more ridiculous.
Peace is coming in the Middle East, although we didn't say peace of what. Maybe peace of a halva.
Peace of pie.
Nice to have a kind of pie.
No. Maybe not. Definitely not. Definitely not pecan pie.
Jews don't eat pecan pie. Well, they are.
That's a southern U.S. thing.
It's good. If done right. It's very rich. Oh, yeah.
It's it's fat rich.
Peace is coming in the Middle East. 68 said that's ridiculous. And of course they're right.
A lot of you are right. Moe Howard David, it does a great show. 56 said that's ridiculous.
The most. The Marlins win 91 games. 30 people said that's ridiculous.
A lot more. What has said that except most people don't care which we found out yesterday.
Paral's got a pleasant voice. 18 said that's ridiculous.
And Clarets, our program director, will get laid this year. 14 including me.
See, generally the vote I cast is usually the number one choice.
Because I'm big while I guess because I'm the one who designs the poll.
You know, if you're going to if you're going to design a quiz like for school,
you should know what the right answers are. Right.
Usually a pretty good idea. Only 14 said Clarets will get laid this year as a ridiculous concept,
which obviously means they have never met him. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and hurt his tails of woe.
Pound 5 60 on the.
Is sales of whoa. He doesn't say the same way that Eric does.
Nobody can say quite like him. Eric by the way has a lovely wife.
Although that doesn't necessarily prove well. WD Q a M.
And he is I'm talking about now currently WD Q a M.
Hey, knew I wanted to know when does Scott's real numbers come off for the first time.
Well, the first trend will not be until July because coming out at the end of June,
that'll be a main number. He wasn't on the air. He was always a month behind.
So at the end of July about the 27th of July, you'll have the June numbers,
which will be a full month of for real. So July and also would at one age,
you got what you wanted. What is that July? 24 July 24th,
mark it down in your counter. That'll be the first time we get those for all numbers.
And of course by then he may have moved in our most territory.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay and dance. That's a book.
So we'll get to break it down.
Yeah, we're going to have a breakdown. I'm working on my okay.
I'm having one here now. It's okay. It's just fine. This is just like I said,
exactly what I anticipated. But I like it because I mean, I don't, I just, I don't know,
I just feel that these people should do a little more of their part, which they don't do.
There are too, too many takers in this time. That's one of the reasons it's so unacceptable.
Too many takers. You don't want to give anything. Well, wow, then you're gay.
I'm not talking about it. See, everything always comes back to sex.
Is that all, all you know about is sex? I mean, that's all I think about.
I think about it. I'll you, they'll illustrate people. I'll tell you somebody in this building,
who I'm really a, not a maze because I've seen it since he's out. We've been here.
Poor Adam and sales. Now Adam is, you know, you're thinking why get laid once in a while.
He does. Yeah. He gives you the impression he doesn't.
No, but he just gives me the impression that he is so absolutely desperate.
Oh my God, she had the most unbelievable hooters.
Yeah, I mean, he just stands in there in the morning and just, maybe he just suck it up to you.
Maybe he's doing it for that reason. Maybe he does fine or, or maybe he's trying to like,
in a very sly way because he's a low-key kind of a guy. Maybe he's trying to give you like a little,
a little zet. All that could be that that could be. He knows you're not getting any.
Right. He does find Adam. Yeah.
Because he certainly gives me a print. So maybe you're assuming the same logic.
It maybe, maybe Clarence does find to, although quite honestly, I've never heard Clarence going on and on about some hot young babe with,
with beautiful melons and with the, you know, all the others. In fact, for Al was telling yesterday that I had the most beautiful vagina
that he's ever seen in his life. You hear that? Right.
And his mind of you. Right. He's been around a couple.
Clarence on the other hand. It's a little red though.
Kaboos. WQ-I-M.
You know how you doing?
Talking about that funky meat at the Kaboos again. Yes, sir.
I got a two thing that I want to tell you. One, I think you should put the gildy and moe picture on the hot couple's contest.
That might win.
And also do you see more US troops got shot in Iraq by the ambush?
Yes, they did. Yeah. We need to pull them out. And a shameless request. Steve Phillips got fired. Can you play the, you know, Steve Phillips?
Steve Phillips. Yes, for the Met with.
Spousal. Yeah. No, not Spousal or Rosal. All the Mickey Mouse stuff. Okay. Thank you.
Spousal or Rosal.
Somebody getting fired in there too. Oh God.
5670560.560 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line.
Got these tickets for last night's Met's game. Let's see. We did the moosey man talked about the refrigerator.
Dumb as a box of rocks. That was a great line, mad dog. A Robert's cheer. I got a great column here. It's on our website though.
What did he know? One day he know it. See, I don't want to read these. Carrie leads Dean and pull a new Hampshire.
John Kerry. It's kind of scary, but I think John Kerry, which he was the original one I like poor Bob Graham and it just makes me sad.
The latest pull in New Hampshire. Carrie's got 28% Howard Dean's got 18%.
Where's the rest? 23% undecided.
Jew Lieberman was at 11% and Dick Gebhardt of Missouri was 10%. Of course, keep in mind that's in the New England, which Carrie and Dean and Lieberman all are from New England.
Dick Gebhardt, 10%. John Edwards of North Carolina, who's just as terminal as they come, 4%. And Bobby Graham's got only 2%.
Carol Mosley Brown represented Dennis Kucinich with that bad hair piece, but a good mouth. And El Sharpe and each had 1%.
As was retired Army General Wesley Clark, who was not announced yet, but everybody's awaiting on the edge of their seat.
So that's the latest from New Hampshire. As the Democrats continue trying to find somebody who can run and not beat themselves because I have a feeling that anybody just about anybody's going to win in 2004 and it won't be W.
I really believe that now. Even Joe.
Like I said, no, look at that. The doubt what's happening there? We are on that big run that I was down 110 point.
Nasdaq's down about 18 and a half. We're just taking a little pause now. Okay. Maybe the market's a little bit overbought.
You know what expression? Overbought. And maybe the short sellers are sticking up their butt and maybe the long sellers are sideways and busted and.
Huh? The bears are fighting with the bull. The bears are fighting with a bullshmit and all the other bullcrap.
Okay. And maybe just maybe they're looking for a what do they call it? A rush to flight to safe. Oh, that's it. That's not one that's stupidly shays.
Flight to safety. In other words, all these equities you're buying is crap. It's speculative. It's like gambling without the fun. A flight to safety.
Well, I'll tell you what a scam. I wish I never would have heard that word stock market. Then words. I wish I never would have heard of it. That day Rick Riley. See what he did. Yeah, he did. He's a wanted plan to the seed. He planted the bad seed.
If it wouldn't have been for him and certain other people, I wouldn't be here right now. Be your show. You and be in a boy. Be doing the show.
What are you sorry like that? You'd be doing the show. Yeah, permanent. Sorry. I'm not.
Well, sorry, you lost all that money. I'm not. It's criminal. You believe me? Yeah, my girl. I know. I would have to be here sitting begging pleading for somebody to speak to actually had something to say something on their mind. Something friendly. Something intelligent. Something worthwhile.
Something useful. Something exciting. Something meaningful besides. Well, did you see she had a big hero.
Adam, you're a good guy. Okay, but I'm going to file a sex discrimination suit because I have to be one old bag who's getting really sick and tired of all your heterosexuals flaunting your sexuality in front of us.
Okay, we're sick and tired. All you go straight guys in here holding hands kissing in public kissing and doing these things. That's right. Spooning spooning and of course with each other.
That's the thing that I find disgusting beast.
Wasn't that like redundant. The stuff that movie yet. Disgusting beast. What movie disgusting? I mean sexy beast.
And then since Toronto I can't see it here. I mean, you think I'm buying another copy of that. You got to be crazy.
I'm waiting for my report. I will say this. I don't know. I don't want to like but best buy which I used to love them.
And then of course you got to the point where you couldn't get service in there. It's basically when you're buying a computer.
Anything that's on a top shelf. Right. Good luck to you. Forget about it. You'll never live long enough to get it. But if you're buying like DVDs, they got a pretty good selection.
And they got good deals CDs CDs. They got very good. And then you can take right to the counter and unless you get one certain cashier which he's got a high club.
Oh, I mean she is. I don't want to. In fact, somebody one of my listeners was there in that line of front of me last night.
So I hope he's listening right now. Very nice gentleman in the sun. Hope he's listening right now because he knows exactly what I'm talking about.
She was never then sawdust. I like the best buys in other towns. Don't have the kinds of problems we do.
What do you mean by that? Because you know everything here. The service here sucks.
11 past noon at 560 WQM. How low can those interest rates go? That's a question so many people might be pondering right now while the financial group right at the moment is doing the limbo under the lowest B finance rate you've ever heard of.
1.95%. That's true. Now you can refinance your home or buy you a new home and get a super low unmatchable. 1.95% financing with the financial group.
Hell yes. Call 1.8940 LED. That's 1.8940. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate call our good Paisons at financial group 1.8940.
If you have $100,000 loan your payments are only 368 a month. If you have you a $200,000 loan you pay only $736 a month. Call a financial group toll free 1.8940.
You're all in to get the low low rate you've been looking for 1.95%. Interest rates as I speak of it all time lows. So don't wait call and get that amazing rate of 1.95% right now from financial group.
Here's that number one more time for the West Coast 1.8940 LED. The Renekville housing lender. Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject of change monthly 5.19 APR.
Right and local. Here's sports video 560. She went UAM.
To a voting booth near you Arnold Schwarzenegger is the candidate or yeah now a really under running man.
Ha ha. He's a deadly political machine sent from the future to terminate the governor of present day California.
As the levista great Davis Arnold Schwarzenegger is the candidate. I think that all of the state officials should be totally recalled.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has what it takes to succeed in politics. If you go into tell lies make sure that they're true lies.
He's the last political action hero. He is Arnold Schwarzenegger the candidate. Hold for me if you want to live.
Hey boy by a string of cliched action films and a little bit of Kennedy money.
Oh look at us. Here's the big nose Martha Stewart's trial set for January 12th. I say Friday bitch.
I'm so sick and tired of all these people. She's been made an example of and it's because she's a woman and because she's famous. Okay fine now friar.
Okay. Yeah. I'm not going to argue with you. Let's just friar ass just to make an example out of her like I said.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. It's like one owner rider. Same thing. Right 20 years. No questions asked. Yeah, but she forgot. Yes, she forgot. Yes, sure she did.
All the all the shleppers out there. All the poor people. The hundredlings the hundred dog friends of Joe Rose. All those poor bastards work their asses off for two three bucks an hour. Right.
Try for years to save a few bucks and then bush came along and all their money went up like in flames.
And those bastards have to sit back and watch his people like when owner rider out there shoplifting.
All these other great Martha Stewart ripping off the public.
Cranjick. It's enough to make you want to be like dishonest. I mean you work at the station. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
If you think this honesty. Oh, you know what I heard about Gildi with that $10. Did you hear that story? Do you hear it? The meaner boy $10. What?
He was at the mobile station. I'm assuming I'm not for sure, but the one up on county line in 441.
And he got gas or whatever he bought and he gave the guy $20 bill.
And he spent like 17 bucks or something. Right. And the guy gave him a two 68 or a 10. He gave him another. It's $10 too much change.
And Gildi being the prick that he is walks away with the extra money. Now he's asking he's debating on the year with mode this morning.
And the callers should he go back there and give him the 10 bucks back. Now here's a guy with a squeaky voice.
This little punk Gildi who I don't know what he's making, but I'm at six figures for sure. Okay. Yeah.
And believe me a lot more than that voice ever in a history mankind should make an is witness anyway.
And he's screwing some guy and they finally they are the callers embarrassed him. He's going to go back. I'd be humiliated and embarrassed to go back.
Now many years ago I was at a gas station. I mean I was working. I had no money. Basically I was a slipper like you. Right.
Like I'm not talking to you. I mean, beener. Oh. I mean, I'm at a gas station. It was one of those trips and driving up north or whatever and through the carolinas of Virginia. So I'm at a gas station.
And I gave the guy a 20 for like $15 worth of gas or 10 bucks, whatever. And he gave me back the right change plus a 20.
Yeah. I kept the 20. Yeah. It was dishonest. I've talked about it since then. It was dishonest and I needed the money. And it's still eating you up. No. Absolutely not.
Absolutely not. If he was dumb enough that he couldn't make change. I mean, if I give him a 20 gives me 20 plus more back. I mean, how stupid he got to be than that.
But in recent years I've had that happen because now I would be forget about the money I'm making because I make a lot more money than guilty. Thank God.
But if I was making the money he's making and then he went out about what the guys some Hispanic guy barely speaks English and he obviously is working for a couple of bucks an hour. Oh, in that case.
No, but seriously. I would be so humiliated and embarrassed because he obviously was well aware that the guy gave him too much change. He like it fired because his drawers.
I've had told us if the track of me too much into oh wait a minute, you give me too much. I had that happen to me many times. Even when I was a slut. And I do know that it comes out of their pocket at the end of the night that they have to like, you know, right.
I'll be counting on you out of their ass out of the rest. Take it out of there. They take it right out of their ass.
So guilty. I'm going to tell you something man up until today. I thought that maybe there was something redeeming in your little slimy body. But I I just can't believe that. I like I said I admit many a long time ago. I was a young punk didn't have two nickels to rub together.
And I can't. It was a kid. It looked pretty good too. By the way. Now that's many years ago. I still remember. Does that tell you a lot of actually even our friend Adam would have thought he was pretty.
Well, no, maybe not. Now seriously, he just you're Adam your little overboard. Save it till next week when I'm gone. Okay. I can't I can't handle it. Oh man. I mean when somebody carries on like that. It just leaves you with the impression that they're so God then desperate. Okay.
And I know you're saying he's not. I believe you that. You know, he's fine. More power. He's gonna go reason to lie. It doesn't happen for me. But it's just I don't know. So over the top. Maybe he's trying to have since for all God here. Maybe he's just like taking it up a couple of notches. I think everybody is. Yeah.
Because he's just a little over the top. You know, I'm talking about when all that bean stuff. He's been eating the bean for hours. And actually we're talking about being her boy. That's his nickname. 5 6 7. That's what he calls him. He calls him the bean.
He got a boner boy. That's what mo calls him and for all calls him the bean. He was eating the bean. Bones the bean. And he was saying bone in the bean. I see now there you go again.
Taken the absolute truth. And I'm giving to the audience. And now you're stretching it. You're stretching it. You're really pushing it. God. This place is becoming so vulgar and dirty since for all God here. And all we have to say about that is. Yeah. We like that. We like filthy and dirty.
That was wrong with that. Takes the heat off of us. Thanks a lot Scott. No, certainly he takes the heat off of us. Yeah. Big time. Nobody's going to be complaining about this. You anymore. This is like a grandma Moses, especially after last night. Like little red riding hood. Yes, especially after that orgy they had at the ballpark last night. After a little bean, little bean got laid there last night. It's a good thing nobody was there. See it. At least he thought it got laid. WQ I am. I know. Yes, sir. I have to thank you for turning me on the fish food. I just try it the other day.
Yeah, well, you're sure slow starter. I haven't talked about that in a coons age. I know. I was working in a house and I had a girl. People moved me left a brand new tin brand new carton of it in the freezer.
What kind of assholes could those people have been? You leave a nice new Ben and Jerry's a virgin fish food in the freezer. You got to be an idiot. Well, now that they left it for me. Okay, well, I was nice. Anyway, gelbie sounds like a four foot nothing punk trying to sound like a tough guy. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, what do you people think about that? I mean, I know they discussed it.
But I don't want to. Of course, we've talked about that before. It's an old thing. In fact, that's what was going through my mind as I was driving in. Gee, that topic is older than the thosla. Oh, and speaking of a little known facts, you know, that when muff went for all of those tests and for that call andoscopy.
And they took those inner pictures of his. They found today. That's why I had to go back to second time. They found some unusual things in there. There were moose and Clark moose tracks. Speaking of the moosey man, moose tracks.
5 6 7 0 5 60 train tracks. Pound 5 60. I've been working on the railroad.
Pound 5 60 on the 18. Oh, what a beautiful day. It really is. Oh, and I haven't played that Mickey Mouse thing yet. I'll get around to it.
I'm just I'm just so you for it because it's like the latter end of the week and I know we're getting a hell out of here. Oh, I don't want to overdo it because I know that some people in the audience think that I overdo that.
And then if I don't like it here, why the hell do I get out and I will I will very soon, but it's just it's just so.
I mean, I please point out to be the nice things, you know. Right now I'm talking about right now at this time of the year. What's the nice stuff?
What's the good part of asking to deliver? Yeah. Speaking of pizza delivery, you know, I don't want to say that Americans are fat or like all over the world. Not people are getting fat or in fact.
I'm not a better to make people mine, but Domino is it Domino's or is it no it's pizza Hut? Well, correct me, whichever one it is where they do delivery and then they give you the cinnamon rolls.
They both do that to an extent, but stop and think about that. That's like saying, would you like a few potatoes with your pasta? Right.
Cinnamon rolls with pizza, both of them have cheese sticks and synestics of some variation or another.
Oh my God. Talk about a carbohydrate shock. It's just pizza dough. Talk about a bunch of her spastic attack.
My God. How do you like some dough with your dough? If your cheese covered bread wasn't good enough, how about some sugar covered bread?
How do you like to have some cherry garcia with your fish food? Oh, that sounds good. Yeah, it does.
We got some cherry garcia the other day and then mixed it with like what's the other what's that other Ben and Jerry's wannabe?
It's an 80s dream. I'm going to something cut a swear of my wife's dream dream something. But anyway, they got like a real super chocolate.
It's got like chocolate chunks and all kinds of different kinds of chocolate and you mix that together.
You you you you mush them up into microwave soften them up and you're together to cherry garcia and that stuff.
And wow. Oh. That's that's why that's why I wish I had for else metabolism man. I could eat.
I could just shovel down all the stuff that I love and and every skinny is a real like he is. I wouldn't be having no diabetes.
He didn't finish his food. Oh, damn it. See what you've done clearance to our good friend for Ralph.
You're going to kill that man forcing him to eat in here and he'll the diner in drugs. That's bad.
I feel I feel bad for him because I see the audience doesn't see this. They probably think I'm exaggerating, but it's the truth.
The guy comes in here in the morning on every one of his commercial breaks and he's got the stuff from how he's here.
And of course he and he does get a lot of food. He gets like a bagel with the cream cheese and locks or whatever else on it.
And then he gets like a whole order of French toast egg bacon and cheese bagel.
Yeah. And a huge order of French toast and then a bunch of bacon.
And he drinks the syrup right out of the little. He's such the syrup right out of those little packets.
He's sucking it right out of the packet. And he's bouncing off the wall. And so it's a great.
It's a funny act to watch, but I feel bad for him because he being forced to do the it's not good for you.
When you eat when you're under stress and eat like a big hurry like that, like a snake to binge like that. Right.
So clearance and I let you back. I think it's time you butched up a little bit sweetheart.
In fact, it seems to me that there is the guy if he played his cards right there could get his ass great now.
So to speak there is the guy could clearance late is a for all.
But he's certainly not going to do it if you're like playing fast and loose with all these crazy ass rules and all these prohibitions and you can't do this and you can't you know.
So maybe clearance will take that little plunger in at the ant repellent bear nine.
Yeah, it might not have come from him.
Well, that's right. He's a straw boss anyway, which we have so many man probably came from Greg.
That probably came from Greg because clearance don't control the first rings anyway as punishment for the other people bitching about the ants or whoever did bitch about the ants besides Hank.
Yeah. Well, if you guys would meet in there, we wouldn't have ants in there.
So they're for bugs and not just ants but flying stuff. There's all kinds of bugs in here because they don't have an exterminator.
It's the only place I've ever worked of any kind in my life where they're too cheap to like once a month even more once every three months have a freaking exterminator.
And if any place that needs an exterminator, this is the place believe me.
We have lots of things in this place ought to be exterminated immediately.
Some of them a little older than others.
27 past noon at 560 WQM. We got the mad dog coming up at 2.
The mad dog who's still searching for that fine part of Mo that we really all love and would like to final and covet.
Mad dog still hasn't found yet.
I tell you we all have found at Brandys what to love and covet.
That is the great service, the great selection of phenomenal prices.
Over 25 years now this is their 25th anniversary business this year at Brandys.
And when you go in their shop, if you've never been there before, you'll understand why.
Because it's a stupendous store for your feet.
They got all the top men's and women's famous shoe brands, rock ports, echoes, mefisto, Timberland Clark's, S.A.S. Floresham, a lot more too.
And no matter how big or tiny your feet may be, they got them all for you.
Men's 6 to 15, women's size is 5 to 12, then wits from the very, very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
And don't forget their professional sales staff, they'll hook you up because they will take care of you with a personal fit every time to make sure you get a perfect fit.
And with over 40,000 pair in their 8,000 square foot megastore, you can be damn sure you can bet Greg reads life on it.
That's exactly what you're looking for is in stock right now to stuff on your feet.
Brandys shoes you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompant of Beats, they're open daily 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5.
And right now is an extra great time to buy new balance because at Brandys shoes all this week, take 20% off on all great men's and women's new balance style.
Stop by our visit emit their website brandys shoes dot com.
My, my, and look all this is 4205 City.
Way, way, yeah.
Some of the lies pot in Florida.
Yes!
Yes!
Okay 1232 at 5.
I don't have a bit to play because I already just played that one.
What?
Yeah.
Well, I'm sitting here daydreaming.
Don't you understand? I'm daydreaming.
Do it all the time.
Paying too much attention to this crap.
I mean, here's an excellent thing from Robert and Plantation.
A great fact. It says, I'm way to work the other day.
Some guy was passing these out.
Thought it might be of interest to you.
Thank you, Robert. It is good.
Have you seen these?
A declaration? Yadi, yadi, yadi.
No, I've done.
Well, you like this. Long, Val, read it anyway.
Please.
Till some good time.
Well, be as good as these call.
What is?
A declaration for the future of America challenged for George W. Bush.
When in the course of a national crisis it becomes necessary for people to confront a long
train of abuses and use of patients by a president, defeated by popular vote in the 2000 election,
now decimating American progress, his damage to liberties and rights must be announced.
The principles that should direct America's future in order to advance the safety and happiness
of our citizens must be defined for the electorate in 2004.
George W. Bush has widened the gap in income and savings between the rich and the poor,
rewarded his financial supporters and got wood government contracts, barely converted
the decline in U.S. jobs, and consistently favor the rich and tax policies.
He has embarked on destroying civil liberties guaranteed under the First Amendment, among
them the right of privacy and the Roe v. Waitas' syndrome, which the prophecy of women
demands.
He has repeatedly nominated ultra-conservative federal judges.
He has launched a preemptive war against Iraq, damaged the United Nations in the process,
made enemies of France, Germany and other former allies, particularly Arab nations.
He's brought about deaths of more than 100 U.S. troops and uncounted Iraqi civilians for
the ostensible reason to find the instruments of mass destruction still unproved, and
reality hems to control Iraq's oil and the stamp U.S. hidden Germany everywhere concentrating
now on Syria and Iran.
He has settled the U.S. with the huge cost of policing Iraq at the same time he widows
away at such basic domestic needs as social security and Medicare, holding these truths
to be self-evident that all men and women are created equal and endowed with the innelable
rights of life-liberating the pursuit of happiness we've prepared therefore to clear
these principles to be the basis of America's future.
We want our country to be based once again on the objectives of the founding fathers,
the America of Jefferson Lincoln and Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Homer Simpson too, I guess.
We want a country where separation and church and state is absolute, where no religion or
group can impose its opinions on all others, where school boards and public institutions
are free from control by a few, where religions receive no government money to advance their
positions.
We want an America dedicated to shrinking the gap between Rich and Poor, and to guarantee
that a worker gets a fair return for his labor, a country where unions are given essential
protections.
We want an America where the right to education, quality, housing, and healthcare are
established principles, where all people have equal opportunity and financial means to
achieve their potential from lower grades to graduate schools.
We want an America where low drug costs and medical treatment through the senior years
are available to all.
We want an America where gender equality is guaranteed, where sexual affiliation conduct
and marital status are a matter of personal privilege, where the home is inviable from
illegal trespass.
We want an America where taxes are applied fairly to corporations as well as individuals,
where tax loopholes are eliminated, where government contracts are awarded according to high
ethical standards, and business banking and other institutions are regulated to ensure
the public's protection.
We want an America where the environment is secured for future generations, and the nation
is safeguarded from pollution, where national parks are enlarged and treasured.
We want an America where libraries are well-funded, and meeting materials cannot be censored, where
literacy is guaranteed, and computer literacy must be available to all.
We want an America where the civil liberties of every individual are guaranteed by law,
where the electoral process ensures the vote of every citizen, where the government should work
within the framework of the UN, and where the government's intrusion into the affairs of
other nations shall be prohibited without due congressional debate and approval.
We therefore committed to the principle that governments derived their powers,
their just powers, and the consent of the governed pledged to make this declaration for
the future of America a reality, sponsored by ARM New York.
Like it?
I have a tear.
I'll say that maybe Bonerbaugh put it on our website and not a very good copy.
It doesn't have a, I will find it somewhere.
Got it?
Thanks Robert and plantation pretty good.
Pretty good.
5, 6, 7, we got a lot of open lines here, like almost all of them on a screenless Thursday.
Squeezing, pleading, begging, could joling.
Can't be bother.
Have we had one woman today?
No.
On a screenless Shmooson Thursday, no women want to Shmoos.
Even with free tickets?
Even with free tickets for last night's Met Smarling game.
I can't believe it.
I got a fistful right here.
A small fistful.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T of Horizon Wireless Line.
It is just draining man.
Absolutely.
WD-Q-A-M.
You reading that comic crap?
Yeah, comic crap.
Yeah, comic crap.
Take the firecracker out of your ass pouts about to go off.
WD-Q-A-M.
Kill.
Yes sir.
Please retire.
Oh please, retire.
Took him three and a half hours today.
No thanks.
WD-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Oh well, me.
You'll see this is the substitute for having anything to say again.
Here come all the jack offs out again.
No, it's not a jack.
I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about the last pair.
I'm not really sure.
I have a husband on you.
Hey, welcome back.
I really enjoyed your shows this week.
The website is looking killer.
I love all the pictures.
And I didn't realize how close guilty and more really were.
You're tight.
You're really tight.
And you know, you had a previous caller that said,
put them in the hot couples contest.
You could do that.
They'd win and then just give them a one-way ticket to the Bahamas.
That's a thought.
That is a thought.
Hey, um.
Absolutely.
That's absolutely.
You know what you read about that priest that just resigned the guy that hit and killed that
that guy walking across the street.
You know, that's what it took for this man to resign.
Not all of the cover-ups and the shuffling around of the pedophile priests
that caused all of those atrocities against people.
That didn't get on his conscience.
But the fact that he killed an individual while he says,
well, then maybe I should resign.
And I just, you know,
you know, you know, you had nothing to do with conscience.
It had to do with pressure.
It had absolutely nothing to do with conscience.
But he had me.
He had a lot of pressure to resign.
Even though most Catholics,
he had a lot of pressure to resign because of all of the shell game that he played with these kids.
Yeah, but after you kill somebody in broad daylight,
then the pressure gets a little bit over the top.
Right.
Hey, I got a small confession to make.
I did vote twice on your hot couples' contests for Frank and Liz because her hooters,
which is so big, I had to give them each one vote.
Okay, well, that's the limit.
One for Hooter.
And Neil, I love you.
And you have a wonderful summer.
And I will listen to at least QAM two days a week.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
I don't like you, George.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16.
Why don't you retire, George?
I don't have 5, 60.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you ever see Mo Howard David and Jackie, what's his name in the same room?
Jackie, what's his name?
Good, excellent job, pal.
You ever see him in Jackie?
What's his name on Asus?
Jackie Mason?
Jackie, tell me something.
I've always talked about Jackie Johnson now.
I saw her this morning.
You know something?
I don't want to get in with all you head-or-rows, you know.
But she, her face, ain't that great.
I like it.
No, no, it's not that great.
Okay.
No, she's not beautiful.
She's beautiful.
No, she is not.
Unless she had an off day or something,
unless that maybe her facial parts had been moved around.
I hear everybody on the station just oogling and carrying on.
And this morning, I, you know, flip around.
I was watching Channel 7 for Bitten.
She was getting ready to do a Jackie's Johnson.
Do her what the thing.
And, uh, I don't know.
In fact, some of the news stories,
that saw a lot more beautiful looking brods in her.
I mean, not even close.
No contest.
I've actually that 10-year-old babe that,
Venerable was pumping on last night in the pool.
I bet she was even, huh?
How old is she about eight?
She was afterwards.
She got what?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, not in the pool.
I mean, she's literally knows the kind of stuff
that's swimming around in that pool.
Oh, God, almighty.
Keep your tongue in your mouth in the pool, Venerable.
Oh, and you wonder why he's puking his guts out
and crapping up a storm and going nuts?
You wonder, huh?
I don't.
19 to 1 at 5, 60, WQM.
I'm going to retire after I do this spot.
Well, maybe not.
I'll think about it.
You know, summertime and south Florida guarantees three things.
Heat humidity in hurricanes.
You know, you can't control the weather.
But you can control how you protect your home
during hurricane season.
The hurricane Shutter and Window Shop
provides the best hurricane protection.
With just one call to the hurricane Shutter and Window Shop,
they'll be at your home the next day.
With a quote for hurricane Shutter's Windows and Doors,
customize and engineer specifically for you and your home.
From panels, accordions, roll-up Shutter's,
impact-resistant window and Doors,
the hurricane Shutter and Window Shop will not be undersold.
They'll beat any written legitimate quote
because you're buying direct-from-manufacturing wholesaler.
Call the hurricane Shutter and Window Shop toll-free.
1-800-538-0191.
They also offer cash and care if you do it yourself handyman.
So if you're serious about hurricane protection,
customize and engineer specifically for your home.
The hurricane Shutter and Window Shop is the place to call.
toll-free.
It's 1-800-538-0191.
That's 1-800-538-0191.
Be sure and tell them that old Neil and Horny Adam told you to call.
My life and local, this is 43560.
You way, you way.
From the people who've run out of ideas like America's most talented team,
American Idol Junior and America's most talented kid,
comes the ultimate competition for young people.
America's most talented.
Be this the show that lets you vote for your favorite celebrities at your sonogram.
The year tonight when a pre-nabel Bruce Springsteen votes out unborn in the USA,
a tidy Justin Timberlake Gurgles rock your body from the inside.
And the things that will grow up to be von Jovey sings
born to be your baby, America's most talented piece.
Right after American infant Idol, tonight on Fox.
There's the new issue of American Conservative magazine
and the front page article Big Headline, Iraq, the mess we made.
Every issue of the American Conservative magazine
shouting from the rooftops about what a nightmare this is,
and it is, and there's people dying there every day, including ours.
But hey, don't confuse us with the facts, man, because, uh, you know,
hey, thank you for that cheap gas.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, remember that call?
Right, it's, it's Freeno.
Yeah, it's free.
In fact, he's pumping it.
If you go to the gas station, GW will pump you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We had one woman yet today.
Not a woman.
I'm embarrassed to say that Benerboy had more women in the last 24 hours
than we've had on issue all day today.
That is sad.
That's tragic.
In fact, clericists had just as many.
None.
Just as many as we've had.
None.
Not one.
5, 6, 7, talk about not caring enough to send you very best,
talking about being heartless and playing hard to get.
We'd even give them four of those tickets.
I give you.
In fact, just to show what a kindhearted guy I am,
what I'm doing right now is I'm changing
because there won't be anybody in the seats anyway tonight.
So what I'm doing is I'm changing the day and the date on the ticket.
I'm just writing it in with a pen through the party.
Thursday the 19th.
And I'm going to just and see if they work.
Huh?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah.
See if they work.
They might not notice the difference.
I don't know what you're laughing about.
This could be a whole new scam.
We can give away like 30,000 tickets a game.
Although it would be for like previous games.
We'll just we'll just cross it out.
They'll let you in.
Do you still have that traffic ticket?
No.
I would take that there.
See if that works.
No problem.
You got a Broward driver's license.
They'll let you in like at the Panther Games.
By the way, we don't want no Valerie Burray.
Okay, enough of that crap already.
And there's Robert Gryper saying,
well, they got to pay him anyway.
So they figured they might as well get something out of them.
They got to pay his salary.
Guess what?
He couldn't he couldn't score an empty net.
Okay, from five feet away.
Valerie Burray.
Never count on a guy named Valerie to win you nothing.
Unless the monkeys got something to do with it.
But that's all?
No.
Valerie by the monkeys?
No, homophobars.
No.
Okay.
I know a few bars.
Not your kind.
W-D-Q-A-M.
I'm a woman.
I'll take the tickets.
Are you pardon?
Say that again.
I know women.
Neal's complaining that no women have called.
You'll take what tickets?
The tickets you're talking about.
For last night's game?
Oh, you said the 19th.
That's yesterday, you're right.
Yeah.
I just turned the radio on.
So I'm a little out of the booth.
You're a little bit confused.
That's okay.
We're all confused.
Okay, thanks.
So you got your woman collar.
Thanks.
Oh, we got our woman collar, all right.
I'll take the tickets.
We got our weener.
I'm a woman.
I'll take the tickets.
How about a nice slap?
Right off the side of the head.
Just like just like what's your name?
Eve keeps doing
to Liz on the past.
I love that.
You bitch and she just slapped her off the side of the head.
That's great.
It's one of the few shows on TV
where they keep calling to their
bitch and slut in a whore like over and over again.
I love it.
Excellent.
You bitch.
You slut.
You whore.
I love it.
In fact, don't we have what's that thing we got?
What is it called?
You bitch.
Is it?
Oh, it's called.
You bitch.
You slut.
You whore.
Perfect.
I don't mean for this last lady.
She might be nice, but you could fool me.
She'll take the tickets.
And by the way, today is the 19th.
Honey, what I said, well, she didn't get it.
She just tuned in.
Anybody believe she just tuned in?
No.
She heard free tickets.
I'll take them.
I'm talking about a lady who has something to say.
A lady who wants to speak to a big radio celebrity
who gets driven up to the station in the limousine
every day, coined the moharry, David it, or at least should.
A big hotshot.
A big fat old turdberg, I mean, in yours truly.
That's what we're looking for.
Not somebody who wants something for a free.
This town needs a goddamn lobotomy.
Needs to take the cure.
You got the idea.
As a matter of fact, the face price on this ticket is,
what is the price?
A dollar.
I'm serious.
I'm serious.
These are one dollar tickets.
Those might be our special
emotional.
Right.
I'll feel reserved, which means nosebleed.
They're a dollar, a holler.
I never heard of such a thing, including all tickets.
All tickets.
All tickets.
Does that pay for the printing?
So when you take away the taxes and the printing,
how many cents do you think the cost of the ticket really is?
About third, man.
And still I can get him away.
We can't.
For free.
If we gave you 30 cents, would you take the tickets to the nice game?
No.
If we gave you a dollar.
No.
If we drove you to the game.
If we picked you up in a limo and we had clearance in a vaccine
giving you a head, you still wouldn't know.
Oh my God.
It's very, very sad.
So I don't take it personally.
I'm not the only one that's having a tough time in this town.
WQAM.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
I'm just getting the dial here.
And for the first time I'm listening.
Are you usually carrying on like this with your program?
What would mean carrying on with your phone?
It was very disrespectful to me.
How could I be disrespectful to you?
I just said hello.
You're using those words and...
Those kids?
Those kids.
Kids.
Kids.
Are you deaf, sir?
No, I'm not.
Can you speak the language, sir?
Is that the problem?
I hear very, very well.
OK.
So what if I could...
So what do you talk to people in other countries anyway?
Sir, let me say this to you.
OK.
You don't like the show?
Is that what you're saying?
No, I don't like the way you...
No, no, no.
But you don't like the program.
Is that what you're trying to say, sir?
I don't like it.
I'm inviting everybody to do now.
OK.
Bye-bye.
I'm good day.
Bye-bye.
He's inviting everybody to tune out.
Hi-bye.
We're going to tune out right now.
See you all.
He's inviting everybody to tune out,
because he doesn't like it.
I don't like vanilla ice cream, so I'm
inviting all of you people to throw it out.
When did that throw it out?
I can feel them tuning out.
Oh.
Can you hear the notes?
You can hear the knobs, man.
All over town.
Look at that.
It's an Exodus.
They're all heading for Navhill Road.
They're twisting their knobs.
Because I invite everyone to now.
Sir, you are a major, major asshole, OK?
We're majoring this for a big time.
We have a big game.
No, I'm giving him what he deserves.
Major ass.
And he talks with that stentorian voice.
And who do you?
I'm doing a radio show, kids.
Entertainment show.
You like it, fine.
If not, put it off.
Schmuck.
I guess I don't have radio like this in Jamaica.
It wasn't Jamaican.
It was a Caribbean something.
How do you know?
Oh, come on.
Here you go, making stereotypes again.
Maybe he was like from a flushing.
If not, he should be himself right down the turlid.
WDQAM.
Send that guy to my Hogini card.
Right.
Sentiment of Duda is with Johnny Dirk.
Damn.
WDQAM.
Amazing.
It is amazing.
Fuck yourself.
560560.
Power 560 on the 80.
No, he actually hates me.
I beg your pardon?
Caffeine-free soda in the soda machine.
I like him.
That's what I drink.
I want caffeine.
Are you neat caffeine?
I need it.
I think the last guy needs some caffeine too.
Right up his...
Back down.
We're working on it, Paulo.
In fact, Clara is going to take that little injected tube and bring it right to your
home.
And then he's going to...
The Lube tube.
The Lube tube.
WDQAM.
NEO.
Yes.
Hey, I'm calling because I'm embarrassed to be a chick in this tent.
I don't blame you.
You should be.
I love you.
I would never scrub tickets off you.
I just wanted to tell you that not every...
I mean, everybody was overreasoned as a dirtbag.
Amen.
All right, I love you.
And some of the women too.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
There's our first real lady.
She didn't want no tickets.
She wasn't a free loader.
She wasn't taking a bunch of cheap shots, making a bunch of stupid ass comments.
She was just a person, you know?
And she's really embarrassed to be a chick in this town and she ought to be.
A chick in the town.
A chick in this town.
Oh, I got to tell you when Moe is on there and talking about...
Hey, you know, when Ferrell comes in when he begs him to come in with him?
No, I don't know.
Yeah, Moe begs Ferrell to come in there because we would be great together.
You know when we get Kelly out of here and you and I can do the short-against.
Yeah, he's trying to cover his ass.
What?
Uh, that's right.
Go on.
Now I lost my train of thought when he...
No invites Ferrell in for crossover.
Yeah.
Because they'd be so good together.
No, I had something really important.
Oh, no, I know what it was.
And of course Ferrell is going out about my other favorite to game in my...
My chick, my home is, you know, so hot.
And then Moe is talking about the pictures.
I guess maybe Vlad and Anthony left some pictures from the dual-mark show.
Oh, yeah, she's really a hot chick.
That one is a hot chick.
And this one over here.
She's really... that chick is really...
He doesn't talk about racks, does he?
No, I haven't heard him talk about racks, but...
Oh, racks.
Racks spread.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you got a hostile crowd out there today.
They're really... and you know something I understand.
I understand.
You're stuck here, you haven't got two nickels to rub together.
It's 100 degrees in the shade.
The mosquitoes are the size of God then come quads.
And it's just not a very pleasant situation.
So I understand why you're miserable and hostile and hateful.
Who do you, QAM?
QAM?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
I'm doing very well. Thank you.
You know, it does...
That jacket, as I call it, is a little wallet.
It does.
These things that perhaps there are some of us that listen to you
because you're so disrespectful.
That's right.
Who says I have to respect him, his ass?
Exactly.
The people who deserve to be disrespectful, get disrespectful.
It is what it is.
I'm inviting everybody to do not mind.
Yeah.
Toon into this ass.
Right.
Toon into this ass.
All right. In fact, that's what he did.
Okay, have a great day.
I love your meal.
Well said.
See, there you go.
He's not pissed off and fired up.
There's a happy camper.
He's probably getting out of here in a couple of weeks this guy.
That's why he's in such a good mood.
Do you think that was a Jamaican man that was called before?
He was a little bit more.
He was just a little bit more.
You know what?
You worked at the Bahamas all the time.
Speaking by.
Speaking.
Speaking about condos.
Anybody.
Oh my God.
I guess I'm not good enough for you, Munt.
That's the problem, Munt.
He could have been 28-year-old.
I don't, he's an-
You know something, no matter where he's from,
he's still just an asshole to me.
He sounded a little like Alc mentioned.
Just another asshole to me.
Look for the QM van for another four minutes.
Well, I'm sorry.
I apologize to Miguel.
I was going to do this at 12.30.
He's out of there.
Don't let her.
But he doesn't care as long as we get the air checks. Oh, okay. This is long as we get the air checks that I give him the plug because we know nobody wants
those Marlon to I mean I'll take the tickets
Got a fireplace
I wonder how long it takes to burn Marlon tickets in the microwave we have a microwave we have to know I'm I'm you think I'm gonna
What's up my microwave with the paper we'll put a plate down now way no way Jose a paper play no way or hey
I'm not messing up that very nice micro. Thanks again
I'm a good friend Bob for bringing every refrigerator many years ago, right?
The microwave I don't remember where did that come from another listener another list of weight-unner who was and I had the espresso machine like wise
Right all of the stuff in here we got contributed or I paid for it or whatever because it's the beesleys or as cheap as goddamn dirt
That's why I bought the book which is my book of Brian and getting paid for his bits lately on time by them
Yeah, now the clearance is back I guarantee you once we can separate him in the beast. He'll straighten those beesleys back
Boy it's the one to two hours
For
And
Please do with
It's a drag, does you care?
Oh, say, don't let her hear that
You can't then return, Ray
For the fact is plain to see
She's your wife, your her slave
Absolutely
102 at 560 WQM, it's our gigantic one and two hours bigger than life itself
Although we are very disrespectful as what I'm hearing
And not what you're hearing is not the scuttle barbara building
No matter if I've got a similar call once upon a time
Did you really? You or me? Me?
You're disrespectful too?
Absolutely
Well, I'll be goddamn
Sort of, the guy said
Yeah, I can 30
Hey, listen, a good news for you
During that last break I made a phone call
Because clearance and the beast are had such a good time
Since clearance has been back that they're getting hitched
I made a phone call, made reservations in Toronto
They're getting married next week
NTO
Wow, where are they registered?
I'll be giving the number out
What a lovely couple they'll make
I can just see them during Pride Week
Driving up and down Bay Street and Tert Street
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, we got a lot of hostile assholes out there
Because they're stuck here and we understand that
We appreciate that, don't we? Absolutely
WQM
I've been listening since 1982
You think I'm going to take that guys as right?
Are we sure hope not?
The answer would be no
No
The outfield boxes, they're nine bucks a piece
And the seats too at the Marlin Games
How do you like that?
So those people are always bitching about
This is overpriced and that's overpriced
If it's said free on the ticket they still wouldn't be there
Well Wednesdays is the buy one get one free
If you have the Sun Sentinel
Tuesday if you have the hell that's buy one get one free
If you see Miguel you can get free tickets
Which is actually where I got my name
That's right
Don't laugh
Hey, to go over there in the swimming pool
The dinner boy was looking at
She wasn't the one with the red streaks in her hair, was she?
No, she had red streaks in her pants he said
Okay, is that one with the red streaks in her pants?
Maybe she wasn't old enough to have red streaks in her pants
Have a great day, Pally
See you, man
No, now he says that you were looking at
You were just looking at
Now you weren't doing this in the pool
You were committing some sexual act in the pool, were you?
All my sexual rumps were at treasure island
I didn't even make it to the Moralyns thing
That will be tonight for me
How come the show is almost over now
It's gonna want to clock our in that or discovering this
Because I don't have a microphone in front of me
Because George is, you know, Hagen what?
Hagen what? Hagen it
Right
Hagen da
But ask me tomorrow about what happens at the Moralyns game
I'll have some stories
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Haaaaah
Man
You talk about, see you invented it
Dr. Frankenstein you invented it
There's the little monster right there
It's creations
That's going to be right
And now just like the monster it's out of control
Absolutely correct
Ha ha ha
So you got laid at treasure island?
Well, that I mean
not as a result of being a treasure on we don't have to know exactly where we
don't want the details of the old back under the old back I do like
their walk about suit he had a puppy in wrapped nothing the walk about soup at
the outback no he had a blooming onion always was a little on the creamy side
blooming idiot yeah so anyway we got some great Marlon tickets for our last
night you know I feel so bad no I don't because these guys are
rancels why did I say that I don't know because first it was Wayne I don't
feel bad for him he's a schmocky killed the goose and then of course Wayne
John Henry who was an even bigger putts a real a lemon and now we got these
guys Samson and Galad Delilah and who could feel sorry for them nobody but I
mean whoever the marketing people are they're trying everything they're
trying everything under the sun they're giving away two for one if you ever
as right into McGill on the street if you ran him over whatever and they still
can't get anybody out there and okay yourself for well he's no dummy he
know is he just looking for a way to get laid out there's looking for some new
meat five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it I mean you're
schmorkin but I'm just waiting for the day what day is that the day of enlightenment
for him for out enlightenment about what when he realizes how futile this is the
dead horse no you know what I just got through saying he knows that you weren't
listening you were a little with some this morning he was before the show he
was in there during a break just shoveling crap down his post and he said he
said I know I knew that before I got him no but I'm waiting for him to be honest
about it on his show he can't but that would take away his his ability to keep
pulling off all these scams don't you understand he's not gonna do that look
a gift horse up the butt a dead horse up the where WQ I am all right like
speak to Neil speaking Neil yes I have a gerbil in my hand oh great still in
there huh maybe ducking up you know he knows a good
pathologist five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 see what
I mean about how we move from one to the next and then we got the retire that
guy and then we got this guy that's got the gerbil stuck in his ass and can't
get it out of his rectum
coming to Q.A.M. Neil yes sir
Neil speaking yeah Neil be careful with George he's secretly meeting with
forl you know you're gonna retire in a couple of months a couple of years
yeah you want your job yeah so that's what it is okay he can have it okay
bye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line WQ I
am hello yes is this Neil yes it is are you in a wind tunnel I'm on the feet oh my
god I wind is this blowing up a storm oh I'm trying to protect the phone here
with my towel but put your towel yes I can I thought I'd call you and let
you know the wonderful things about South Florida in the summertime okay first
of all the beach is practically empty and I'm able to lay here without my
top on and I have to worry about anybody well I hope you're you're slathering on it
the heavy duty sunscreen I am I am slathering on there I am and then the the
restaurant prices are lower hmm hmm tell rates tell rates are lower and I guess
it depends on where you live in South Florida I'm lucky enough to live right
on the beach so I can take advantage of it so I just thought I'd let you know
some of the good stuff about South Florida well I'm delighted that there's a
happy camper that makes me feel very good and besides that I'm a senior citizen
so I can go to the baseball team for 10 bucks and sit under the air conditioner
too there you go excellent have a good day have a wonderful life thank you I like
don't spend it all in one place you notice how we keep coming back to that same
you know what I'm saying yeah I'm just the her on the beach with her top off I'm
trying to like wash she didn't say she had her top off yes she did she's I was
must have missed that I must have like filtered that out I wish I could have and
well then I say her covered up with the towel I thought I said oh man oh man
you maybe that's what was flapping in the breeze you know what beach it is that
she lives on yeah we're kidding we can do issue the warning like a like a rip tide
warning like an oye vay warning like a like a like a frog warning and Hollywood
beach killer frogs for anybody it's all magnolia did you say you want you
need that the soundtrack yeah okay no problem and then of course you can also
just in case you see I heard that people talk about death trying to cover up
his tracks look that you know what kind of tracks they were Lucy tracks in fact it's
the soundtrack
lovely in stereo 10 past one so we got a nice old lady there on the beach who's a
little on the tight sides you don't want to spend nothing for this nothing for
that she's a senior citizen now and it's all for free and she's topless and
she's topless and she'll show you her boobies for free too it's booby with the
boobies oh yeah booby with the big bouncing boobies whenever you're a great rock
group booby and a boobies boobies dollar mattress man all you boobies out there
they've been wasting your time and money schlepping your department and bedding
stores I got a much better idea for it and that is make that one easy called a
dollar mattress 1 800 mattress you won't believe how simple how easy it is it's a
piece of cake to pick out the perfect bed in your back the expert bed and
concerns the really nice knowledgeable people of dollar mattress will hook you up with
exactly what you're looking for if you ever got to ensure when they start
steering toward a house brand that nobody wants this continued set or a
mismatch something that nobody in the world would really want that you didn't
want in the first place forget about that just sit on your ass there make that
one easy called a dollar mattress because they saw only the best they saw
ceilies served as Simmons tempera pete no sales gimmicks no false promises no
bull crap no song and a dance no bait and swish and they've got the high end
beds too like ceilies crown jewel line and top models from every brand grow
go and grow in all that every day low prices column toll free right now in a
no time at all to be knocking on your door taken away the crappy smelly old
bedding for free and set up your great brand new bed also for free 1 800
mattress 1 800 MATT RES and don't forget that company exchange policy they
offer you as unpresident if you're not completely satisfied no exchange it
with no questions asked and they give you the opportunity to pick the date the
day and time for delivery whenever it's convenient for you like I said nobody
in the world does it be so our good friends at dollar mattress they're the best
the easy the smart way to get to a great night sleep for a years and years to
come call them today 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES and tell them that old
Neal told you to call or check them out on the website if you like at
inside outside TMA inside outside TMA inside outside TMA inside outside TMA inside
outside TMA inside outside TMA inside outside who gives a
dinner that's a good looking for TMA until me into the summer each and every
day I'll be at the beach now with my binoculars hey I'll be getting an
iPhone of what I really crave don't give a damn about serving looking for TMA
inside outside TMA inside outside TMA inside outside TMA inside outside TMA inside
outside TMA inside outside who gives a damn about serving looking for TMA
17 at 560 WQM happy Thursday to mad dog at 2 the hump will be along briefly you
don't like to work you know overdo it come down 4 to 6 30 and we get to
Marlon stuff Marlon's Oddex 6 30 night 705 the Mets and the Marlins last
get no it's not gotta be last given that's here so they played a moral Tampa is
if the devil raised him on do believe yes why my entire things are what a good
thing I am because George is really slipping on the sport stuff sorry oh no
why won't I want to sit up there right it just won't pop up there you go any
campaign at baseball stuff and Joanne Mark over night 2 to 5 in the morning talking
about the pirate radio don't forget about that oh and so yesterday going home I
listened to 95.3 FM pirate radio oh oh that it was you know and there was nobody
talking they just were playing music oh the black man was it no no no that's
not the right one I want to buy me and Broward I say I remember the pump that
called and said huh and what kind of music were they playing like you hear on
Kpx alternative by the way Piper high had a D did you see that the school
ratings that came out yeah you know Cooper City had a for Cooper City why it's
because their signal is so bad you can't hear their station anymore so that's why
Piper high had a D when Kpx had a good signal used to have a good number right say but now that they're a signal on Kpx is
degenerated now it's a D speak on a D D S ball art this is the worst piece of news man and the
faxer is right it's just talk about recycling crap this guy was absolutely awful and you are
absolutely correct WTVJ NBC 6 and a familiar facial reappearance newscast starting July 1 and
the viewers can expect to see the same anchor man on corporate sister station
Telemundo 51 WSV the TV station said Jose Diaz Ballard
boy is scheduled to co anchor NBC news at 5 p.m. with Jennifer Volapi plus
continuous job is co-incorrect boy in El Mundo that's
oh in El Mundo
Telemundo's national more when I see him that's what I say
it's Jose Diaz Ballard makes me want to fart he is brutal can't complain about his
personality he has got any he's got to have naked pictures remember they put him on
at CBS morning show for about five minutes and I was screaming just they heard you the arrangement
allows both organizations to benefit from Mr. Diaz Ballard's extensive experience in English
and Spanish language did you know that Jackie Nesbrolla she's a who yet yeah I think I did do that
I didn't know that and boy she getting chunky yeah she is really chubbush she must be
in all the food now that our friend Kelly Craig ain't eating no more how's Kelly doing
Chokey still chunky yeah how's my buddy Bob Weaver doing she's still on here yes he is poor
Bob I'm gonna go next are you saying Bob Weaver doesn't have any neck that's the
beaker thinkin of not Bob Weaver Diaz Ballard who worked at WTBJ years ago was most
recently anchor on Telemundo's in Foucai oh I got a good line for that oh yeah in Foucai
and back at you Jose back at you the same to you a monthly public affairs program and
coa and my I'm pronouncing that right I know my esponial and Foucai oh I mean that's
something I think that thank you for this back whoever sent this you just did me a tremendous
service that's your making guide I called before that said I was disrespectful I guess what
and Foucai you a man that's right what's wrong with that nothing you should hear my brother
say focus focus anyway in 690 60 as ballard was part of the original team on CBS this morning
as a news anchor fluffed went over like a goddamn pregnant pole water it was also a host
of against the law on the CBS cable program I got people on people's and he ought to be
against the law Jose Diaz Ballard man him and at whole family his all is Lincoln Diaz
Ballard all his other right wing oh brother Mercury Lincoln Diaz yeah Mercury Lincoln boy
does he blow a whole family they're like all I think they're all in their tight with
Ilyana Rosanna Dana oh yeah and Jeb they're all just kind of every now and then they
throw like a bones at vulnerable under the overpass open a window from a little something
absolutely 300 votes for George W Bush it's not a good vote because which of these is the most
statements is the most ridiculous George W Bush is a great leader 300 people said it's the
most ridiculous of all days pieces coming in the middle east 110 people said ridiculous they
said it's thank you David George is a great fill in for Neil 104 said who are you kidding
Moe Howard David it does a great show 75 votes Marlon's the win 91 games 41 41 said in fact maybe 41
is good they're gonna win uh Claire and our Clarence has moved up a little bit nice go out Clarence
Clarence our program director will get laid this year 21 and Farrell's got a pleasant voice only
19670 votes being a boy that's pretty good especially on a day when they're eating nobody here
that's pretty damn good we're getting a heavy response on our website where's that new thing I was
supposed to look for there's that's new it's there now oh it is there all right let's hear it all right
okay one moment please I gotta go to my home on the regular homepage one moment please
neo-rodgers.com here comes something new and exciting oh yeah
then I put you up or what if you must pray then pray to Neil God there's my big naked macho
picture you know you could have shaved your pits no I'm gonna have to have much
a tape-might crotch I can't it looks like I did tape my crotch I've never done shaved it right off
yeah shaved that was shaved that water never there was nothing there anyway it's smoothie you can't
see my beautiful vagina one that the Farrell was talking about it's covered up by the G you look
like a GI covered up by the G that's the G spot oh yeah oh G he's no fool he know where to stick
that and the letter to golly G so anyway there it is a beautiful thing if you must pray then
pray to do good got a new lovely bulked up butch-dub picture of yours truly on stair on roids
well maybe not stairroids maybe just hemorrhoids five six seven oh five sixty and this show is
absolutely disrespectful is what I'm thinking you know don't you think absolutely and we're proud of
it nobody Q a m yeah I don't need to speak to uh neo just don't know there was a topless
senior citizen citing on a beach that's one reason that's one reason the beach is clear oh no it's
not I've got mervin Jones it was yeah no it was not was that you think that was mervin Jones
and citing like him oh it don't quit being such a war swiria let's see currently it says this
facts there are three specialized lines from hallmark Jewish Hispanic and us darkies I don't
understand the issue with having cards that celebrate individual subcultures the fallacy of the
west is a homogenous group was a racist notion intolerant of cultural expressions beyond those of
western europe you're absolutely wrong about that t r further if there's a market for a specialized
line does not our model of capitalism predict that the niche will be filled I think it's encouraging
that independent groups are actually being serviced by corporate america although I lament the loss
of revenue for all the minority companies who previously filled the void as for the reverse
racism argument that was never lacking cards celebrate same package day for the Irish October
fest for the German April full day for the friends etc I guess it can all be summed up that if the
cards had cross cultural appeal and appearance these specialized lines would fail their successes
a testament to their need your dark skin listener t r north mimics he's got some good points in
there you know it and like I always say who cares here's another all this is also from him and
all this from somebody else I think the since sediment day hallmark year-round product offering
see this is bears out with his other guy was saying cards for traditional occasions like
birthday love wedding anniversary sympathy and more since sedimentary hallmark also addresses his
panic cultural events like uh kinsian air oh kinsian air kinsian air i said it right that time
just look i'm not a professional spick like you okay so i even like a senator to even like a make
believe one kinsian air i said well i had it was a thrill to say it right the special celebration
of girls 15th birthday in al dia del santo that's the Jose Santos birthday chicken sacrifice
and the line also offers cards for a dia de los reyes celebrated jane were sick the
Hispanic Christian holiday commemorative rival of three wise men and bettlehem unfortunately they
build out too soon so that's it that's the name of the game we got sparser cards and spick cards and
jukeards and if you like this and you like that something for everybody absolutely pretty
said we'll have the mole line 26 past one at five sixty wd qm the brinny jim man it should be
longer to the staff known to unload on the moman they're not going to do that but if that ever
happens you got to call me immediately let me know if i'm not here oh oh listen daily i'll turn
it on i'll have it blasted so loud the windows will crash i want to tell you about something that's
really good for you that you ought to be taken right now today and tomorrow and every day and that's
olio med olio med softels are very easy to take you just pop them right in your mouth and they're
loaded with all kinds of good stuff for including olive oil that's the purest and the best you've
ever tasted and had not just ordinary olive oil it's super concentrated a little with health benefits
for you olio med are you they can overduce the risk of all kinds of bad things like heart disease
and high cholesterol plus now there are 14 different olio med formulas you can choose from each one
combining the finest olive oil with vitamins and minerals and herbals to support specific healthy
it's from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system how many marlin tickets to give away
of the uh Miguel whatever your name is bitter Miguel de de de Miguel how many he wants you to guess
and we had probably none probably give anyway but third man none i was right for seriously
just pick out the formulas that are right for you now there are three new olio med formulas
one to obviously one to help you control your weight and suck you ten for your heart
picks them up right you're shopping today pick up all you made at public's equates
Walgreens whole food markets Navarro since adonis are ordered online olio med america dot com for more
info column tool free at one eight six six olio med that's one eight six six six five three
sixty six thirty three for better health start pop an olio med and your big push today
morning we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement
or permission from those depicted it is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good
and decent look as ridiculous as possible we hope we reach that goal or at least major lab
here you two
fried chicken you better get your sorry minimum wage ass back here whip up for more
see what happens with a lifetime of over indulgence meets with an under supplied food by one
plate i'm going to have one plate per frame
except shut up shut up shut up and bring me a wheelbarrow damage
you said you two and another thing that these are this will time yet is a little
uh...
uh...
uh...
you
uh...
won't turn you to a five sixty over the q-witch so anyway speaking of that movie
too fast to furious to a full of crap
you know who's in that movie
nope pa walker
okay
you know who that is
no
now what that was a movie he was in a word where did he just go again you're out
you didn't you you must have forgot what you didn't
machine but he would be a chain
see
but i have that chain when i'm guiding life
anyway
uh... pa walker was in a movie where he and this uh... buddy
and these two chicks are like headed for a summer in a highway and it's not
the one is crazy trucker more right i know he's having a trucker makes them run
into the uh...
right restaurant naked which of course the whole premises little christ but it's
a little excuse to show us pa walker naked that's all i can do that and is a
cute little ass
he's uh... pa walker is pretty interesting guys yeah we got to have some
fact talk on here to counter balance uh...
adam
i'm not talking about for else for else fine when i'm messing with him but adam
is out of the back and the reason i mentioned that about pa walker because he's
a lot prettier than jackey johnson
and here's the fact to prove it and i know the problem this fact is an hour the
only people would have balls to say it because she is like she's like the
rascal house of hot babes you know
it's just fashionable to say oh i gotta see the weather
oh there's a high front over my crotch there's jackey you know that car will say
that she doesn't have much of an eye she didn't look good this morning i maybe
was an off day maybe the camera angle was bad maybe uh... they weren't
shooting through the lonely i'm like the fact says you are correct about jackey
johnson monkey face bleached hair and store bought boobs
how do you like that two out of three for example so fear of a garah who's all
all back there i mean is jackey johnson in her league no no no no
so don't tell me i don't know a beautiful one
so she doing the weather you don't know a beautiful woman when you see one
uh...
okay
i mean when you tell me that durin is got a big rack or no that was a
for us and joe costell by the way quit talking about pirate radio you jackass
the hen you were we got a spy report that you guys were promoting but in addition to
which why would you want to go on and promote ninety five point three until
what frequencies are on
at the time we didn't know it was pirate radio we just heard this crazy black
man on the air talking about racist stuff right funny right it was way after the
fact that we find out that it was pirate radio we heard it they're infringing on your career
don't understand that i mean to be able to spend a four well like i said i
spent a fortune to build a studio yeah we know it was pirate time we heard it on like one
of four something it was just a little bit but it was uh... something i have no idea
but uh... bottom line is that once we found out it was pirate radio first of all
disappeared second ball we were vehemently against it those guys are criminals
plus spreading all that racist crap on the air you know but we're not too fond of that here
are we no we hate that don't we absolutely five six out how you and mow getting
along the world we're here it is that there's no crossover between you and mo no mo
can that be true absolutely yeah that's true well what's the reason for that
well he's working on his stuff you know he's got that big five o'clock hour to fill
and and we're usually on a roll you were his only hope huge four o'clock you were his only ally
and now you're you're letting the old man down to you're jumping off the bandwagon
just fine i noticed that i was the least to despise uh... howard on the right what i
think they figure you're like a wimp you're too much of a pussy to tell them the truth that is it
i won't repeat what you said off here okay good not yet
which of these statements is the most ridiculous George W. Bush is a great leader three twenty two
pieces coming in the middle east one sixteen George is a great uh... fill in for neil 105
mo Howard david it is a great show 78 absolutely the marlins of the 91 games 42
clearance our PD will get laid this year twenty three is the most ridiculous statement and
for ral's got a pleasant voice funny don't let me forget what we do the little crossover with
Scott in the morning uh... because you never mind me anyway i'll try to remember
his assignment while i'm gone will be to get
clearance laid right it down is there anybody else in this building who's got a better chance i
mean he's got a good chance i would say to hook him up but hooking him up is that that's not
going to be a piece practically going to have to be like their holding his
glant and you know talking about that's right right it up right it on the window
Scott you got to get clearance laid man
there you are he's written on account to get clearance laid that's got for ral's uh...
if he can get that done then we salute a man that we took the head
now what's uh... what's uh... joe's take on for all
what's your take
i haven't met him yet but he's i love him about personally uh... shows great
but he'll stand still long enough to meet him okay you'll ever really meet him
right now but uh... you know i obviously i haven't heard him too much because of the time
but when i heard him fill in and when we first brought him on he's great
i used to listen back in the day when i was a schlepper oh wait i still am but still
he's funny he's hysterical he's he's outrageous he's any excellent there you
know what you still have the ballpark yet the river bent over the
we heard about that you've been over the what
been over the seats or something they were all giving her dollars he was taking her clothes what
happened do you know why i didn't hear that part
what
of course who was gonna tell us that part because being a boy pretend he was there
meanwhile he was getting late after treasure island so he was there
george mister golden opportunity to be a ballgame for free
all i know is we got
two different colors and that's an enormous amount for you that's like a lot
oh my god are you kidding me that said they were out there with for all and man they
were the strippers and they they were holding up dollars and all going crazy and
they could the ushers came over to the florida marlin's baseball and strip club i like it
i think it's great i was actually gonna think about going there we go
let's hear it get some bastards out there by the way would you like some tickets to give
away in your show tonight for last night's game sure no it's just a mall it's a stress-free ballgame
and ten five minutes you know the final score you know the endings when you have to pay attention
it's great i'll leave you a 15 tickets for last night's game i bet you guys can give them away
but i wait what i started doing was crossing out the date and writing in yes
oh they will notice a difference no uh they'll be just happy to see it yes the rumor around the
building is that uh marlons were too happy with uh with the shenanigans with the shenanigans
well but at least we got next to a couple hundred people out there what they want
and some publicity right right you know we and he we've been talking marlin crap for like a hundred
times more than we ever would because nobody cares about the baseball team who are in last place by
the way but uh there what what's the now don't give us a little tease like that who is is this a
valid rumor is this just uh oh as soon as they see me walking by they they shut off and it's like
who's this day you're talking about i was passing by by the the promotion's office and it was like
five or six people in there well let's have some names uh the ring was in there
there were all phantastarine was in there the ring was that she was in the one talking oh
she was in her own office you got a big rack other people that i'd sort of pick up truck and who else
other people that i didn't know who they were i don't know if maybe they were from the marlins or
something and they were the ones talking amongst themselves really yeah so if we're also only
been here like a couple of weeks and he's already created a whole uh big sondidance that's beautiful
throughout uh we agree nice god Scott that is excellent we like it a few stirs up the crab
instead of this usual state boring crap you know that's a problem in this town they don't realize
people if they're going to pay a couple of bucks or make the effort to go somewhere they want to
have a good time they want to be entertained right they want some excitement uh huh oh and by
the way what's that the dan trail uh willis is that his name dartrail danter remember i saw that
thing on the website the other day i said who's that a basketball player that's that the young
black picture that puts the one-hitter for the marlins on Tuesday why didn't you correct me he's
nodding is that oh yeah right why didn't you correct me i mean no you're not gonna correct me because
you're not you know keeping tabs this you're like you used to sorry 20 that's not very exciting
this year 20 till two like it used to be yeah like it used to be before for all start taking
all of naked babes out there and people started getting laid in the dunio huchi kuchi see when when
Wayne had the team they want to do the hoki poki now they're doing the huchi kuchi and quite frankly
most of our crowd would rather do the huchi kuchi than the hoki poki when you agree i would
how about more with all great absolutely you know when you're considering speaking of
mode something to do on top of your head fill in that ball spot there are many alternatives you've
seen his you've seen the choices he's made and woe is us that's all i can say for more than 35
years chuck alphier has been given guys a much better alternative than that is his natural hairline
system it's a patented system that makes you guys look better and younger than you ever dreamed
again because it looks for real not like a dead animal not like some horrendous thing for a lot
of the sky like a frog and magnolia and right now Charlie's offering a summer special hair system
for only 549 bucks for first time customers if you already have a hair system you can save you's
50% on service and repairs on all kinds of hair systems including shampoo and trim so it's a
perfect opportunity the summer to give Charlie a try Charles alphier is guaranteed you is you try
one of his hair systems for 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells the whole
deal and if you're not getting more action at least then clearance return it for a full refund
you got nothing to lose but that ugly shiny reflective ball spot Charles alphier the benchmark
of the industry can help you really look a lot better so pick up that phone and call tool
free today they'll bring in give you free consultation I'm really sure you just how much better
they can make you look here's the number 1 800 321 24 13 that's 1 800 321 24 13 or check out their
website Charles alphierie dot com on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography
profile story she asked what if God was one of us and tonight God has an answer for Joan Osborne
listen I know what she was getting at but I found that song a little disrespectful I got to tell you
in his first ever interview with a suck ass low budget basic cable network God shares his
impressions about Joan Osborne song sure you know there's a little of God in every person cute idea
but why she want to call me a slob I'm not a slob I take small bites I chew my food my apartment
is spotless I may know if you want to know the truth but frankly I was hurt not content to label God
a slob Joan Osborne went on to describe him as a stranger on the bus trying to make his way home
now see there again use your head girlfriend I don't have to travel by bus I'm an entity I got
nothing against people taking public transportation but I can materialize from the love of me
I just wish she checked with me but no Joan Osborne never thought to check with God before she
wrote a song about him and as she tried to explain to inside the behind oh come on it's artistic
license I was only tried your god holy s**t and stop swearing be out Joan Osborne why do you think
she never had another hit it's a big juicy stopping wet look at show business tonight I'm inside
the mind 145 at 560 WQM so anyway here's a great fact mainly for you George from Quincy and Miami
do you know Quincy one of your friends medical together tell Ross cloth George say the boy who
call is not a blood clot Jamaican to Ross before okay I got him down this is a real world selling
weed smoking Jamaican who listen to your show all four hours every day of Georgia don't say sorry
I will cut off his drug supply for good trust me Bumble clod blood clot Ross cloth says Quincy and Miami
do you know I'm walking on the street Toronto one day and there was these Jamaicans and I hear
the one yelled on the street Bumble clod yeah that's me and I thought she is George here
Bumble clod says he's sorry I said he might have been behavior or twinidadian
yeah he sounded like Halcyon sound like an asshole to me absolutely right Halcyon
it was terrible why did you say that he sounded like a tornadoes and possibly well whatever he was
it doesn't make any difference he's a schmuck we don't care where you don't have to show us his
passport and his goddamn visa in the master card he was a schmuck he could have been from Tobago
I urge everybody to now to now to now to this get on a goddamn banana boat and go back and see
go see some baseballs five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon
wireless line you'll notice Sammy so it comes back last night it's a four hundred and sixty foot
home run without corking the bat although I heard the man dog talking about yesterday the fact
that Sammy and right away some other people jumped somebody else started it they were picking on him
because he's Hispanic and of course a black Hispanic that's the reason they made a big
stimulus about the court now payrod and even was it the rust rust made a good point when they
caught before this corking happened and they was the best player in baseball and everybody had
loved him admired him were they do it saying that because he was Hispanic and how about payrod
with his twenty five million year are they paying them out because he's Hispanic they look at all
you professional ethics out there cool it you know absolutely right cut the crap
so racist thing w2ym hello yes ma'am when Neil speaking this is Neil yes it is oh Neil you know
that guy for real yeah he sounds like froggy from from our gangs it is that's him that's froggy
it's not it's not kind of cute he is cute he's lovely yeah and uh you know you know that's
so uh build uh Ross I mean uh bill Ross it's a commentator uh Ross William I don't know
what you're right first name Ross his last name is Ross he's a one of him in the morning his last
name is why his last name is Ross Ross Limbaugh no not Ross Ross it's a TV guy what what about him
Spencer Ross Ross he had a TV act I mean a movie actor what about him he had a movie actor called
Brian Cox yeah and I and I was wondering if anybody has seen any of his movies I sure hope not
no no he looked very interesting Brian Cox not the football player the actor yeah the actor
but we'll find out have a great day sweetheart okay bye bye say hi to Ross what the hell was she
talking about Ross five bummer Ross and that it absolutely five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18 to you know I want to say something right now I'm going to go off on a spiel and
you know you don't like it too bad it's a great thing that this particular week that I'm here because
the atmosphere I'm getting a chance to sample the atmosphere in this building that last time I was
here which wasn't that long ago a couple of months we were still doing nine to one we were still
following Moan Goldie we still have this nasty a hostile environment in the hallways people were
rated like stab each other not only in the back but like red thin in the heart and it was like
this everybody walking on edge shells up and down the hall like tip towing around like oops I hope
but this one's done out there whoops you know now not that the old man is out of here dragging his
varicose veins a costume bag down the elevator at eight in the a.m. and now we got parallel in there
not only is he a hoot on the year we have a lot of fun but the whole environment in this building is
like it like day and night light and day okay Mo you said I hate to break the news to you Moe but you
cast a dark cloud over this established no question about it it's like the good old days that's
right and like it was a diode well good in fact even better than when we had the first team I mean
yeah they were okay they'd hang out in the hall a little bit and they were all right but we never
had the kind of a feeling when they were here even a party atmosphere we have a party atmosphere
here and of course the marlins don't want a party atmosphere evidently well not that kind of party
well why not because there's little kids out there they want like little kids get out there
right and raped in the pool like family affair by boner boy see why didn't you tell us this story
that you weren't even at the game last night why didn't you just say that and don't tell me you
you were I saw you before the show why didn't you say that yeah how you did you never told me that
oh boy see see what all those drugs will do to you but I think he's losing absolutely
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty so welcome Scott welcome we love you
even if you do eat like a slob and even if you're creating some of see he was trying to do a good
thing out there right and then they're gonna have to understand if he's gonna publicize people are
just gonna come out there because he says oh come out watch the ballgame they don't want to see
the ballgame no no they're not I mean it make him as a shock as a shock to some of those clowns
out there but I am a true character when I say that they're not gonna do that but if they feel
like go out there and maybe like you know little grab ass a little party maybe a little bit of
you know few green lizards purple lizards 20 or 30 40 beers then maybe they'll have a good time
and they did I bet you know those people are complaining I haven't heard just the stuff
church in that organization evidently and this is only based on a room with a been or boy
spreading by the way keep that in mind I do my own personal display with their
and George's well been or boys the one who came in grabbed the mic and started breathlessly
and toning into a blah blah blah blah blah blah blah no really upset no didn't he say that
what absolutely hey if you're in a dead end job man maybe college is too expensive maybe it
takes too long you don't have the time if you can afford only ten bucks a month and commit yourself
three nights a week for four months fast trinket up you achieve your new high-paying computer career
that is absolutely correct like I said it is absolutely correct just ten bucks a month and three
nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify so call fast train get your life on a
roll get it moving call them toll free at one eight six six fast train with four locations in
town is bound to be one nearby you call them at one eight six six fast train talk with a train
career counselor and keep in mind the fast train offers you day evening weekend schedules
job placement hands-on training so call them a day and get your life out of that rut and get on
the attractor real job at a big fat paycheck fast trains defer payment is valid for a year regular
payments apply thereafter whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody underpaid
dead end job working for a real pucks are just looking to increase your net worth call fast train
to then at least check this out one eight six six fast train or look them up on the web at fast
train dot com my and local this is for trade oh five six eight eight eight
program I urge everyone to complain to the station Ramon
we take you now to a small watering hole outside Chapacua, New York it's just another day
at tiny's place fast things going am I keep asking no crap funny you keep still can't find a job
now there how you doing there falls hey what do you have there I give me the usual I get the
president Zima are you one there Mikey I got no job oh same old crap hey my crap tell me about
man one a week I'm having she put the book out yeah read so many excerpts there hey tell me
something funny did you really cry like a baby when you told her about the monical and whiskey thing
wasn't that you know how we do it you go home you do whatever you can you try to hide it a little
bit crack a dial tears
not to get her off make sure let the president alone you know more hanging on me I did you
once now that was a favor I can't get you a drink I believe this has
been a way for me okay just be quiet over there don't cry stop cry I said don't cry don't make me
come over there where's my Zima man come on get the president to Zima Mikey you don't read this crap
right don't pay any attentionless book love book good man I love Mike he's a bit of an idiot but I
like him hey hey hey hey yeah your blueberries going off your blueberries going off blackberry what my
page your wife let me say wow Kim Petrell I'll give her the Cyclops yeah
ah did you say Kim Petrell yeah yeah yeah did you say Cyclops yes I did thank you Tani I got
this he's something oh hold on blackberries don't wow are you closed wait a minute wait a minute
wait a minute let's see a picture over look look at this picture wow where her clothes
hey I'm not gonna say again I'm gonna drink I'm gonna drink just out
jeez I think he killed her hey what happens in Tani's place stays in Tani's place
158 is 560 WQAM we got the man dog coming up nice oh right the Humberett fourth what is it
for 15 to 430 well his show keeps getting a little bit shorter he keeps making more money
that's what we're aiming for 10 to 2 is good but 10 to like 11 30 would be even better wouldn't
huh 10 to 10 15 man would that be a power pack 15 minutes or what nobody QAM
hello yes sir yes I'm welcome back yeah and in closing popcorns are easy
huh WQAM yeah I'm gonna talk to Neil speaking yes Neil God you got a great show
okay Mo thanks wasn't that Mo absolutely sounded like 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line WQAM
ah
WQAM oh yeah let me talk to George I want to give him the scoop on last night I think I'm
burning I want to talk to George about last night well why can't we talk about on the
air is it too perverted yeah because this is that guy it's a walk guy no it's not
you got the scoop on last night but we can't say it on the air okay hold on well see if
it's that guy maybe he's got the inside story about the orgy they have last night at the Marlin
game now it's interesting I didn't see anything in a SunCeller in a Herald about that to you
no because they probably would have to give us some free publicity God forbid you know
God forbid that should have happened just like the Joe Rose call on the Moshe on Saturday any
other market Geneva New York if that would have happened on a radio station engine and WGVA
there would have been a blurb in the paper about that about a major blowup between two major
personalities on the station anybody would be anything about that here no times you can have anything
Kevin Baxter baking what their hell is name is no I rest my case by the way the most ridiculous
statement of them all George W. Bush is a great leader 342 they don't like it Georgie
pieces come into the middle east 127 George is a great fill in for Neil 108
Mohawar David does a great joe 87 the marlins are when 91 43 clearance our PD will get laid
this year 24 and for rouse got a pleasant voice 24 bye bye bye
the Neil Roger show unclimates the new QAN Miami for my name hi a pali absolutely
