I got a lot of sex going on. Happy birthday to all man. Happy birthday. Happy to Greg is out sick this week because of the one back today.
Maybe in there right now you'd be on your way down the hall for another a meeting. He has he showed up today. He showed up today and he actually had he doesn't realize it but he's got a little action in the corners of his mouth because he's sick and he's on medication and he's frothing at the mouth. He looks sick.
I saw him this morning. He asked me what kind of I was on docs cycling for my Charlotte's web infection in my chest and he's got a sore throat and we know how he got. No, Neil Greg read is here today but he's looking like he should still be in bed.
Excellent and always out sick today too right. Now most sick he just took a day off for the rubbing time birthday presents for me man. What more could I want? Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy
Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday
Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday
Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday
Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday
Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday
Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday
Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday
Great birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy when i'm winning.
Happy day to you
Baby, launch a couple missiles
Oh!
Toward a place we know
Yes
And aim a madamella
Whose first name begins with old
There's one thing we all understand
All right
Alcatamone will be finished
Until we blow up Pakistan
Oh, great
We could chase him round forever
With our tanks and all our troops
But special forces are so tired
Of jumping through them moves
And we'll stop that
You don't need another plane
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And go blow up Pakistan
How clear a need to nuclear tank
Okay
Why don't we stop pussy flu
And blow up Pakistan
We ought to insert this as part of the copy
And that one's folly
Boom, boom, boom
I might just have to do that
I'm gonna have to like take that boom boom
And stick in that one that boom boom
Jeffery on tank
Anyways, 108 happy birthday to me
I'm 61 today and I don't lie about my age and I don't wear a silly old hair piece
I don't give a crap if I wear a burlap sack to work
Because I'm not trying to impress any of the assholes there
And things like that
Yes, sometimes I'm going to be birthday on the end of this five page facts
And I'm not going to send you because it's another one of these George Bush resume things
Oh, so happy birthday
Thanks, here's another one from a Peggy says happy birthday
My son and I love you
We've been listening for 10 years
I'll have you a peg in your son
I do like that
See there's already a fact saying happy birthday
I got a birthday present for the audience
I'm gonna turn it around so to speak
I know some people who turn it around
Welcome all the time
But I have maybe two birthday presents
One and I just came across it
Squirt Squirt by accident last night
Channel surfing
Why tell you CBC is great it's too bad that you people are settled with a garbage you know
CBS problem
No problem all you right wingers no problem
We'll ship it off the showtime because Vycom is very nervous about the FTC and about wanting to get
You know all the favoritism for all the TV stations we want to buy in the newspapers CBS wants to buy up and whatever else
So no problem we don't want to offend the right wingers
Forget about freedom of speech
We'll just ship it off to make sure nobody sees it
And we'll also water it down so that don't make anything happens anyway
What a pile of Schmidt
So I'm coming across this great show and I thought geez this is looks pretty interesting
It's on the 5th of state which is a regular
It's kind of like what does PBS call it front line right?
Right
We'll this is much better in front line
The 5th of state and you can go online
CBC dot ca slash 5th and the name of the show conspiracy theories now
And if you want to get lots more information on it just click on the visit the web feature
That's what it says visit the web feature and you get all kinds of more information
But I'm actually going to play the audio from this
Oh that those people on hold don't put anybody on hold please
Because it's part of my birthday gift to myself today
I'm taking a lot of time from the show I don't know how much time it'll take
I'm playing the audio from the entire show last night which believe me
I want you to call everybody you know and tell them to tune on WQAM
Because everybody needs to hear this about the bushes and the bin Laden's
See the first few minutes of the show deal with a couple of wild conspiracy theories
And there's there's no credibility in the two people they had on for the first few minutes
So I'm not going to play any of that because it's pointless the rest of it however
And they make it very clear on the CBC documentary that there is absolutely no evidence to link
Voish or any of these people with advanced knowledge 9-11, any of that stuff
You know like some of these wild conspiracy theorists
But the rest of it is not only all factual but enough to make you really pissed off and foaming it them out
I mean pissed off and fired up
So quickly let's give the poll result
Of course they count yesterday the fixes in I told you
They voted kind of like in government in the while it wasn't in the dark
But they already approved the 73 million dollars for the stadium for the uh
For the a panthered often marlins
They'd commissioned approved marlins stadium funding plan
Poded 9 to 4 to allocate 73 million dollars in tourist tax money
Tell pay for a stadium for the Florida marlins
I'm sorry for the Miami marlins
One piece of a plan for a 325 million dollar ballpark to be built in downtown Miami for the Miami marlins
By the way maybe Wal-Mart will take those caps in the shirts back
Yesterday we asked which of these are you the least interested in
Ben and JLo 481 out of 1212 votes 1212
All of the above 363 and I should point out that the people have voted all of the above
We slipped in that war in Iraq one on them afterward and that's not what they meant
They meant all of the other categories 363
Kobe now keep those numbers in mind Kobe Bryant rape case only 79 see
So Ben and JLo we want you to go away
Don't go away, man. Just please go away
Don't ever come back
Kobe Bryant rape case 79 Marlins stadium issues 70
Elizabeth not so smart 61 Scott and Lacey Peterson 56
Q56 the World Trade Organization
The WT in Miami 47 sports 25
Parents is really pissed off at you 25 people too by the way he'll never speak to you again
Terry Shivo 24 and the reason we put the war in Iraq
Under us because we knew a few assholes out there like ostriches have their heads buried in the sand
They're only six I'm proud to say in our astute audience
Just wait till you hear this audio man George you're going to be peeing your peeing
I'm riveted I can't wait I'm camping
I got so much stuff here today too in fact I might
I might give myself a real present here today and I'll take any calls
I wouldn't be a present for you
And if I have time I might actually do the last one to two comedy bits of it sir
You don't think I'm going to stop doing that on my birthday doing it
And force myself to work an extra hour on a hump day that would be bad
Even I'm not that much of a massacre is to do that but we'll see
Because I also got like about 22 pages from the Michael Moore book
Dude, where's my country in line with you have been loud and stuff and Saudi Arabia
See that bit that I played drop it in a nuke on Pakistan
But that's number two first like I've told you for a long time
It's got to be Saudi Arabia because like Michael Moore said
It wasn't just a attack against the country by a bunch of disconnected people
It was attacked by Saudi Arabia against America
We could we could we could finish them off in one day all them laundry heads and go in there and take over the oil
Right at the world's greatest supply of oil
Go in there you could be paying like 40 cents a gallon for gas
Hey there are people are oppressed
We could we could build some real schools and sell those madrasas where they teach nothing but anti-American anti-Jew anti-Weston
Everything
They'll be better than the floor
We could close down the place where they like chop everybody's head off at the square for entertainment
So I like that place
Yeah, 1013 at 560 WQA and if you run a low carb diet which almost every fat person in the world is on now
Whether it's Atkins or the South Beach diet which sucks
Sugar bussards a lot of others here's the deal for you
Here's a great store that'll help you stay on your low carb diet because they've got over a thousand products that are delicious
You need variety no matter what you're on
Even the most effective diet programs they usually fail because they're boring one-dimensional
But when you have the lights to aid in a bet you then you got some real choices
They've got over a thousand low carb products like I said like breads and bagels and cheesecakes and muffins and brownies and chocolates
Pasta sauces chips and dip soups ketchup's that world-famous Carboholite ice cream walled brownies by control carbs
Southern delight chocolate chip cookies
Carboholite candy coated chocolate covered penis
Apple cinnamon granola like carbsense and lots lots more
And of course that's the last of West Voka the good part of it is a lot of these products you never heard of before
You can try any of them before you buy them too and all the Atkins products are on sale all day every day only
Atty lights they're open every day seven days a week ten to ten and you find the lights on the northeast corner of glades in
441 next to Boston market it's like dining and going to diet heaven
Call them toll free at 1-877 low carb L.O.W.C.A.R.B. or on a wicked web you'll find them at lowcarb.com
The one the only delight so West Voka your official Atkins retail center
Ride in local
Here's sports video five sixes you a U-A-M
Were you fudge back in?
Yeah I was busy
I had to get my fingers
There's a spread my thighs
And through my silk fun with toilet bowl I feel my bowels lose control of the toilet
And there's a smell that makes you cry
So bad I can barely see my knees as I make my straightened fingers squeal
He's done this for a little bit
It's not hard to bomb a snake can you die a better peak at man
I can't really wonder if being on the sea
You're getting so goddamn embarrassing
Every mother's making fun of me
Ancient with the fancy gay
Ever thought through its doll of a day
Ain't too personal that night
When you do jade inside my holy pound of skin of broken wood
On the toilet
Tonight at 560 maybe that's where Moe is today
Maybe he's home on the turlid okay
Working up a big batch
Here's the facts from a Denver fan says happy effing birthday how many candles would you blow tonight?
By the way four more years for your medic here
Oh I forgot you're in Canada see am I mean 2007
Thanks Denver fan whoever you are who doesn't have a name
Here's our poll for today this will be up there all day
We don't have to dittle around with it they may want to wait before they cast their vote until I play all that audio from that
Fifth the state you're on cbc last night
You may want to hold back or not whatever you're like
What's your take on the Iraq war we've got six brilliant choices here for you
First one which seems to be leading so far George W. Bush should be impeached
Rumsfeld should be fired
I want the troops to come home
We need to send we need to send more troops for security
I don't care about any of it or let's say the course it'll take time those are your six choices on your take on the war in Iraq 382
Dead Americans lots more what do we call the coalition of course there is no coalition lots more dead and of course we got thousands and thousands of Iraqis
But who's counting which is a may sound humorous but it's true who's counting who seems to care a lot of people trying to count
They just can't count that high is that what you're trying to say while they're getting interfered with I see
Plus the number keeps going up so fast they can't keep track anyway
We've got a few votes on there already a smattering of people who discovered the new poll is already up 14 vote
George W. Bush should be impeached seven let's say the course it'll take time for Rumsfeld should be fired two I don't care about any of it one
And that's it so far 14 but that's don't mean too much yet right right it's just kind of formulae
I think after the 10 25 break because I'm not going to play any no maybe we'll start it now right I can't wait
Well no because it's about 40 minutes
But 30 minutes and I'm going to have to like interrupt it because naturally we're here to get the commercials in so I think maybe we'll start it now from CBC
All right you know to truly understand what happened on September the 11th and the close relationship between the bushes
The bin lot and the rest of the Saudi elite you have to go back about 25 years and so the couple of thousand kilometers to Houston, Texas
Where in the mid 1970s George W. Bush was a young man just trying to learn the ropes in his families to businesses politics and oil
The bushes were a pillar of Houston society George senior struck a rich in oil became a congressman then director of the Central Intelligence Agency
Where it said he first won the friendship of the Saudi royal family by arranging CIA training for their palace guards
And George Jr. was trying to follow in his father's footsteps a Harvard business grad he dabbled in politics and the Texas Air National Guard
And it was about the same time that a man named Bill White a former fighter pilot with a Harvard MBA himself was recruited to work in Houston with someone with business and personal connections to both George Bush's his name was Jim Bath
This fellow James our bath needed someone to run a series of real estate companies that would be grubbed stake by not only the political families but also by some foreign nationals the Saudis
And so I came down on an interview and met Jim
They opened an office in downtown Houston where Bill White became Jim Bath's partner and confident
But White says Bath spent most of his time dealing with his foreign partners a wealthy Saudi family
The Bin Laden's he also ran a company in the same building called Bin Laden and associates which Jim explained was a procurement company for the Saudis
He bought a bank for them he bought an airport for them he started an airline for them among other ventures in Houston, Texas
Now at that point had you ever heard the name Bin Laden?
No I hadn't had nothing to you.
Nothing to me.
But in Saudi Arabia the Bin Laden's name had a great deal indeed. They owned one of the largest Saudi construction companies
They were advisors to the Royal Family. They were the second richest family next to the Royal's with billions of dollars to invest a bra in places like Houston with a Bush family
They moved into the state in one of Houston's finest neighborhoods.
Bin Laden's brother named Salamid Laden and a brother-in-law Khalid Bin Mufuz. Mufuz was also one of the Saudi royal family's bankers
So is it fair to say that when the Bin Laden group establishes an office in Houston?
The presence of the Bush family at that point had a lot to do with him.
I think that was essential the essential element. I don't think any of those dollars would have committed the United States or any of those assets been purchased.
They had not been this quid pro quo relationship with the Bush family.
While the Bin Laden's built their ties to Texas back home in Saudi Arabia they were making another kind of foreign investment.
In 1979 the Soviet Union occupied Afghanistan. The Saudi royal family wanted to build a Muslim army known as the Muhajidin to defend Islam and force the Russians out.
They turned to their trusted advisors the Bin Laden's who offered up a likey 21-year-old named Asama.
The man who personally chose Asama Bin Laden to build that army would also become his mentor, Saudi Prince Turquiel Faisal.
Last year on British television he reminisced about the young Bin Laden.
In those days he was a young man who had committed himself to helping the Afghan Mujaidin
liberate themselves from the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
And he was doing a lot of good. He was bringing support and aid to the Mujaidin.
Meanwhile back in Houston the Bush family was also on the move.
George Sr. was a vote to become vice president and his son made a career decision too.
By the late 70s George W. Bush was setting out on his own.
He established an oil exploration company that he called our Busto, a Spanish word that loosely translated means Bush.
But before our Busto could find oil it needed to find some money operating capital.
And apparently George Bush you weather look.
And at that point I'll take a break.
I'm not going to play any comedy bits. Huh?
Not that you ended on a cliffhanger or anything.
Well that's right that's the idea. Keep them hanging.
Not going to play any comedy bits. We'll just do the spots and then we'll come right back to what the name of the show again is the 5th of state.
It's an investigative report. It's on a CBC every week and was on last night conspiracy theories.
You can get lots more information than what you'll even hear on the audio.
I'm going to play today on CBC dot C a slash fifth conspiracy theories just click visits of web featuring.
I know stupid question. Yes spelled out not with the new rules.
How big your partner fifth is spelled out like FIFTH spelled out as in FIFTH got it.
Got it. Fit 1026 at 560 WQ. I'm happy birthday to me.
And I again thanks people would be calling and happy birthday.
I'm not saying anything about that's boring and I think what I'm going to have on today is going to be a lot more interesting and birthday present from me to all of you.
And of course the morons out there who want to hear.
Hey happy birthday douchebag. Forget about that.
If you're underpaid and overworked because maybe you're a moron.
Here's the answer for it. Get smart.
Get yourself a new high paying career. You don't have to go to college for four years to do it either.
If you've got a problem with a low paycheck like Scott.
If you work for some schmuck like all of us.
Here's the solution for you. Call the friends at fast train tool free.
Our friends at 1 866 fast train. It's amazing that they are still friends because it's a type of direct fast train.
Can have you trained and certified for a high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist career and as little as four quick easy painless months.
That's right. In just four months you can finally get yourself some skills.
You can be fully trained and ready for a real career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Fast train office you day evening weekend classes.
They offer you job placement assistance and financial aid to people who qualify.
Just convenient locations free including for and sound float or so it just makes sense.
It's likely a fast train close by you.
If you'd like to get out of that dead end job and really make a positive change in your life.
Check them out on the web first at fast train.com and make that call fast train tool free.
It's 1 866 fast train.
This is for 305.
The bathroom told me that he had used.
Soughting money to fund George Bush Jr's.
For a new into the energy business.
This is the Arbusto.
The Arbusto partnerships.
As baths partner Bill white says he had access to information about the financial dealings between the bin Laden family and George W. Bush.
He later obtained baths personal financial statements when the two had a falling out and became involved in litigation.
On schedules that show his partnership interest he shows a personal partnership interest of $25,000 invested in Arbusto 79 and another $25,000 investment in Bush 80.
But according to white that share was only baths commission for investing the bin Laden's money with Bush.
Do you have any knowledge of how much money the Saudis put in?
He told me it was an excess of $1,000,000.
So there's no question in your mind whatsoever that whatever went into George W. Bush's companies from Jim Bath was more than 100% of the lucidity of money.
And George W. Bush would have been aware of that?
Absolutely.
But that was an all a few years later another oil company in which George W. Bush was involved needed cash.
It got a reported $25 million.
Again, thanks in part to Bush's old Houston neighbor, Khalid bin Mufous, a son of bin Laden's brother-in-law.
And it wasn't only George Bush the son who benefited.
The bin Laden's did business with the Houston bank where George Bush Sr. was on the board.
What time is it?
This is the not political part of this.
And businessman Bill White says whether Bush Sr. knew it or not, the bin Laden's were also generous with him when he ran for president in 1988 allegedly finding a way around the U.S. ban on foreign campaign contributions.
Now I understand it from Bath was that they were making campaign contributions by taking briefcases full of cash to the law firms.
They would give the cash to the lawyers and each of the lawyers in turn would make a $1,000 campaign contribution to Bush.
Which would presumably be against electoral law.
Well, it is against the law, but it's obviously covered by virtue of the attorneys making the contributions.
And when George Bush Sr. became president, as with George W. more than a decade later, the Saudis occupied a special place at the White House.
The Oval Office always opened a one man, Saudi Arabia's ambassador, Prince Bondar.
He's got instant access. He calls him up since I'm coming over.
He's got instant access to CIA anybody he wants. He can summon people.
He can call anybody up at home at any time, which most ambassadors in Washington cannot do.
Robert Bair served with the CIA for 21 years.
It's been much of that time in the Middle East.
What is the George W. Bush calls Bondar Bush?
Bondar Bush.
Bondar Bush. It calls Bondar Bush.
You know, it's fine. Bondar is a great ambassador.
It works great until you turn blind eye until you believe everything Bondar says.
Bair believes that Bondar's position is symptomatic of the blind self interest on both sides.
That's the Saudi American relationship's fatal flaw.
As you'll see when we come back, it's a lesson George W. Bush and his administration wouldn't learn until it was much too late.
Had Saudi Arabia been acting as one might expect a true ally and friend to act, could they have told the US all they needed to know about the real threat posed by Bondar?
They knew everything. They were the source of findings that went to buy arms, to buy bombs through their charities.
And those charities in Saudi Arabia are all controlled by the government to some extent.
1035 at 560 W.Q.M. So you're getting to you? Enter what?
Steven.
Mm-hmm.
You get much better.
Ah!
25 to 11. Well, we'll just take the break. I mean, I edited it out to spots.
I was up till 2 o'clock in the morning. I taped in a replay of this last night just because to give myself a birthday gift to putting something on a ear that I think people read out of here besides Johnny's a douchebag.
Now, maybe I'm wrong. Call me crazy.
That is a douchebag.
Anyway, imagine this. Imagine zero closing costs. Then we could boom, boom. You know what? I'll get that.
I'm going to, I'm going to get it.
Imagine zero closing costs. Zero application fee. Zero credit bureau.
Fee zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll be ever needing.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with interest rate is just 1.95% which sounds too good to be true, but it ain't.
So in other words, if you have a 200,000 out of loan, your payments are a Paltry $738 a month.
And once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never, ever never pay closing costs again.
So if you'd like to find out more about it, call them today tool free 1-800-940-LAND.
Grab real financing power with the low rate mortgage you can move to your next property without further cost or expense.
Only one mortgage from financial group. Call 1-800-940-LAND for details. It's a whole new great way to buy.
There is zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero prepayment, probably zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
So get yourself financing. It's just 1.95% and never pay closing costs again, by the way.
Call them today financial group 1-800-940-LAND. That's 1-800-940-LAND, the Equal Housing Letter.
Credit restrictions apply rate subsidy to change monthly 5.19 APR.
My life and local. This is Portrait O560.
Way to A.M.
Bush, F**k the MOU!
Ladies and gentlemen, America's first company.
It was 1991. The Gulf War was over. American troops had defended Saudi oil fields against Saddam Hussein.
Now the U.S. could continue to enjoy the economic security which came with all that Saudi oil.
It was essentially the same deal George W. Bush himself made when he did business with the Bin Laden's in Houston.
One side got a powerful partner, the other oil and money, former CIA agent Robert Barron.
The United States depends upon Saudi Arabia for its oil production.
Saudi Arabia also recycles all the money it makes off oil in the United States.
It puts trillions of dollars in our banks. It pays for presidential libraries.
Anything you can imagine.
And the Clinton White House wasn't immune to Saudi charm either.
It was difficult not to give the benefit of the doubt to the biggest buyer of American military hardware with the deepest pockets in the stock market.
Not to mention the world's largest oil reserves.
Which is why after George Bush senior left office and became a senior advisor to the powerful international investment firm, the Carlisle Group.
He paid a number of visits on their behalf to his good friend, the Saudi royal family, and the Bin Laden.
It is a very nice thing as you know friends.
They soon became Carlisle time.
Incredibly, on September 11th Bush and the head of the Bin Laden family would be at the same Carlisle Group meeting in Washington.
Just a few miles from where some of Bin Laden's hijackers would attack the Pentagon.
As the 90s unfolded, there was much the US administration didn't know about Bin Laden.
Who was about to become America's nightmare.
Because he saw the presence of US troops on the holy sands of Saudi Arabia as a sacrilege.
Osama Bin Laden was an ally of the United States through the 80s.
He was killing Soviet soldiers. That's what we wanted.
Now what happened later on in the 90s is Saudis who certainly had good intelligence on Bin Laden.
We're not telling us that Bin Laden had chosen a new enemy and that was the United States.
And the Saudis left something else out.
Something that tried to hide to this day that they kept paying Osama Bin Laden after his war with the Soviets ended.
And his terror campaign against the US began.
The man who has uncovered the proof of that is Jean-Charles Bressard.
He investigated al-Qaeda's finances for the French intelligence service well before 9-11.
And he's been following the relationship between Bin Laden and Saudi Arabia, especially with his mentor Prince Turkey ever since.
He was helped by the Kingdom and this support lasted for years.
So Turkey for instance was the one who met regularly with Bin Laden in Afghanistan.
Oh, until the very recently until 98 I think in the last time, for at least three or four times, who sent in checks for suitcases of money, trucks.
All that suggests that he was clearly supported by the Saudi government itself.
Bressard says though Bin Laden despises the royal family, he secretly agreed to set that hostility aside in exchange for continuing financial support.
In other words, protection money.
The Saudis denied it ever happened.
But according to investigators Jean-Charles Bressard, French intelligence reports confirm that a meeting did indeed take place in Paris in 1996.
As some have been lied in himself didn't come, but a senior representative did.
Also in attendance, Bin Laden's old mentor, Saudi Prince Turkey, up in Laden family member, and a number of bankers.
The result? The Saudis promised to keep paying Bin Laden as long as he promised to keep ignoring them.
According to Bressard, one of those who came to this Paris hotel for that meeting was none other than Bin Laden's brother-in-law, Khaled Bin Mufous, the same man who once financially supported George W. Bush, now negotiating payoffs to Assam Bin Laden.
And support came from the Bin Laden family as well.
They publicly proclaimed they'd disowned Assam, but privately Bressard said they sent him equipment and money.
The company, Saudi Bin Laden Group, is providing all the tools to some of them not in to build a road or an airport in Sudan.
Yes, they're fairly financial doctors, but some of them haven't yet.
So how much in all did the Saudis contribute to Al Qaeda estimates are that before 9-11 Bin Laden spent about 50 million US dollars a year, the vast majority of Saudi Arabia.
What exactly is that? That's one of the documents that were recently seized by our team in Afghanistan signed by Mullah.
From Bosnia to the Sudan and Afghanistan, Jean-Charles Bressard has discovered an Al Qaeda paper trail that he says proves what the Saudis are still denying.
This leads you to believe it's $2 million which originates where?
Oh, he stated that it originates from the head that's provided by Saudi Bibi.
Millions in Saudi fornade diverted to Al Qaeda.
Financial support for terrorist training camps in Afghanistan like this one.
Camps run with money, funneled through a Saudi chair, funded, managed and supervised by royal family members.
They knew everything. They were the source of funding that went to buy arms, to buy bombs through their charities.
And those charities in Saudi Arabia are all controlled by government to some extent.
Knowing the way he felt about the US, knowing he had declared war essentially on all Americans, would they not also have known that by giving him money they were funding ultimately attacks against the US?
Don't you think that the interests of Saudi Arabia from its perspective is more important than the US, interests of the US?
That's what we experience, that's what we've seen in the past.
Not only do the Saudis not want to tell the Americans about their deal with bin Laden, it seems the US didn't want to hear, despite the decades increasing terror attacks against the Americans abroad.
1995, a bomb in Saudi Arabia kills five US soldiers.
1996, 19 American servicemen die in another Saudi bombing at the US military's Kobar Towers barracks.
1998, more than 200 perished when truck bombs devastate two US embassies in Africa.
2000, an explosion tears apart the US as coal, 17 American sailors are killed.
Though a son of bin Laden was obviously responsible for the majority of those deaths, US intelligence effectively ignored the place that was his recruitment hotbed.
The US attitude remained here, see and speak no evil.
Even though there had been the bombings in 1995, 1996, 1998, 2000, all involving Saudis, no one asked for a national intelligence estimate if Saudi Arabia is in a new terror state.
Is it fair to say financial and political interests in one way or there led to 9-11 Afghanistan and Iraq?
Absolutely. Financial interests were predominant in Washington.
They led to a turning blind eye to what was happening in Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan and contributed to 9-11.
But it doesn't have to be a conspiracy. This is where people will nail you if you say it's a conspiracy.
It's nice it gets a conspiracy as silence. We're just not going to talk about it.
When we come back, what they still don't want to talk about, how American law enforcement might have discovered and disrupted the 9-11 attacks.
The agent in San Diego testified to you that he believed if he had known he could have stopped the September.
He believes he would have, I mean he could, no one can ever say for sure we would have stopped it, but he believes he would have had a very good chance.
It's crashing my life.
Near minutes after the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, the Federal Aviation Administration ordered the grounding of all civilian air traffic in the US.
Travelers were stranded across the country and around the world.
48 hours later, September 13th, an update. Private flights were still prohibited to take off required government approval at the highest level.
That morning, Prince Banderer of Saudi Arabia visited the White House and later that day something unusual began to happen.
Despite the blanket aviation ban, several private planes from Lear Jets to a 747 were cleared to the park from various US cities.
On board were dozens of the Saudi elite, almost every one had been lawden or Saudi law.
Meanwhile, Elizabeth Alderman was desperate to find a way from Paris to New York, where her son Peter was missing.
There has been lawden family, whoever was in the United States got safe passage home and I couldn't get home to be with my children.
Other families couldn't get to New York who lived far away to even begin to look for their children.
At this point, we didn't know who was alive or who was dead. I couldn't get home and there has been lawden family all able to get home.
To this day, the Bush administration has not even confirmed the existence of those flights to Saudi Arabia.
Those Saudi diplomatic sources have been quoted as saying approval for them was granted at the highest level.
But the Exodus to Saudi Arabia happened at all, is one that the occasion that took place before the Saudis departed.
It seems there was none. The biggest crime in American history orchestrated by Assama bin Laden with funds from the bin Laden and Saudi royal families, plain loads of whom were given special dispensation to leave the US almost immediately afterwards, essentially with no interviews to determine what they might know.
No, they just got them left. The FBI is not allowed to put Saudis on a terrorism list up until September 11th. They were not allowed to ask these people any questions.
The President of the United States, the next week George W. Bush finally threw down the gauntlet on global terror or so it seemed.
The re-nation in every region now has a decision to make. Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists.
By then the Bush administration knew that despite years of Saudi reassurance, 15 of the 19 hijackers had been Saudi nationals.
So in the terrible aftermath of September 11th, surely it was now time to track down those who provided money and support for 9-11th wherever they might be.
Right? Wrong again, according to former CIA insider Robert Bearer, when George W. Bush says terrorists, those who harbor them, those who give support to them are our enemies.
That's obviously not true because everybody that finance September 11th is currently in Saudi Arabia and free.
It would sort of like have been lawden and said, well, you know, it's just a coincidence my guys happened to run into your towers. We're just going to leave him alone.
In the past two years, the U.S. has relentlessly prosecuted its war on terror, first invading Afghanistan, which unquestionably harbored and supported Al-Tayda.
Then occupying Iraq, which had virtually nothing to do with the Somaban law.
But despite all their with us are against as rhetoric, the U.S. has given Saudi Arabia, which spawned the mastermind, the manpower, and the money for 9-11th, a free pass.
The CIA, for example, ignored intelligence about the hijackers gathered by a number of foreign countries before and after September 11th.
The fifth estate has obtained documents like these phone records from German intelligence showing calls made by key members of the 9-11 plot to Saudi Arabia that the Americans chose not to pursue.
And nowhere was that attitude more obvious than in the report of the Congressional investigation into the September 11th attacks.
The community made mistakes prior to September 11th, and the hearings on Capitol Hill began several months after 9-11.
They were to be the definitive inquiry into what happened and why, focusing on what U.S. intelligence agencies knew or should have known.
Eleanor Hill was the committee's chief investigator.
Yes, you guys.
In the fall of 1998, the intelligence community received information concerning a bin Laden plot involving aircraft.
The much anticipated report was more than 800 pages long.
But since it was released this past summer, most of the attention has focused on 28 of those pages, one chapter that is almost completely redacted, ordered classified by the White House, and blacked out to the public.
And because they're classified, I can't tell you what's in those pages.
I can tell you that the chapter deals with information that our committees found in FBI and CIA files that was very disturbing.
It had to do with sources of foreign support for the hijackers or alleged sources of foreign support for the hijackers.
Now, I know it has believed and has been reported that many of those 27 or 28 redacted pages deal with the Saudi relationship to the hijackers.
But that's what the press has said.
I haven't said that.
In fact, others familiar with those 28 blacked out pages confirm that much of the secret material, but foreign support for the 9-11 hijackers, does indeed deal with Saudi Arabia, was more.
Some of the classified material also appears in unclassified areas of the report.
In other words, if you know where to look, there's more than enough there to reveal exactly what it is the Bush administration would prefer the public, doesn't know.
1055 at 560 W.
Here, there's a couple of more minutes, and by the way, the most aggravating is coming up yet.
Oh, God.
Yeah. It gets worse.
So, strap yourself in.
I'm getting sick to my stomach.
I'm going to be the right way to do it.
I saw it twice last night.
Yeah, I want to puke my guts out.
So far on the poll, what's your take on the Iraq war?
We've got 175 votes.
George W. Bush should be impeached 100.
Oh!
Let's stay the course.
It'll take time 31, 17.7%.
I want the troops to come home 25.
We need to send more troops for security 9.
Rumsfeld should be fired 6, and I don't care about any of it for.
That's right. Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
1056 at 560 W.
It won't be long now before all your relatives start showing up for the holidays.
Maybe your parents coming out to stay for the winner and impose an invade.
In either case, if you need new mattress to do the smart thing, like more and more people
are QA and are doing, call my good friends at Donald Matriss.
I've been using them for years.
1-800-MATRiss.
You know, the mattress industry is full of phony games and shelf claims.
And the other way around, at Donald Matriss, no phony promises.
No bait and swish.
Just discount prices every day of your life on a brand name you know and trust in love.
Now, including, stirrings and floss to heal it.
When you call Donald Matriss at 1-800-MATRiss, you pick the day in time for delivery any to our
Windows 70s, week from 8am to 10pm.
Honest sales practices.
Fantastic, unbeatable service.
Every day low prices, same day delivery and free set up and removal.
All of these things.
So it's easy to see why Donald Matriss is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction.
So do yourself a humongous favor.
Don't get sucked in by those so-called giants in the mattress industry or furniture stores.
Don't pay for that big overhead.
They can't match what you get every day from Donald Matriss.
Pick up the phone right now and guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
Call 1-800-MATRiss like George did and Miguel did.
Vokabrion, even disgusting fat boy did.
Call 1-800-MATR-ES or check them out online at macriss.com.
I am the local of this.
This is 560.
The radio is all yours now.
It's a huge EM.
Bush, put the moo.
So Eleanor Hill could tell us the story of a Saudi government employee based in California.
A man named Omar Al-Bayumi.
According to the report, at least one, the FBI's best source in Sandy, I guess, suggested by Umay, may be a Saudi intelligence officer.
You can then say that Mr. Bayumi, according to the report, did certainly help and assist the hijackers at least two of them.
Those two 9-11 hijackers were Calid Al-Matar and Nawaf al-Hazmi.
They were Saudis too, and reportedly the first of the 19 hijackers to enter the U.S.
Guess who was there to meet them?
Basically, Mr. Bayumi had a significant context with Midharen Pazmi in California.
He put down the deposit for them on their apartment there.
He threw a party for them.
Help them enroll in the election.
Help them enroll.
He tasked another individual to act as their translator, help them enroll in flight schools.
Not only does the Congressional report detail the Saudi support for those two hijackers.
It also reveals how much American intelligence already knew about them by the time they got to San Diego.
They'd been under surveillance at a high-level al-Qaeda meeting abroad, where U.S. agents certainly suspected they were planning future terror attacks.
The CIA knew their names, birth dates, passport numbers, then you wanted them to have a U.S. entry visa, which likely meant that planned to travel there.
But despite it all, the CIA somehow neglected to warn other U.S. agencies about them, which meant that all meet are and al-Hazmi were able to enter the country without a problem and settle in San Diego.
Even amazingly renew their U.S. visas so they could stay legally until they played their part on September 11th.
Congressional investigator Eleanor Hill says it was perhaps the single most crucial intelligence failure before 9-11.
Had the FBI been told that and been aware of that back in January 2000, things may have been very different.
We had the FBI agent from San Diego who handled that informant testify in our close hearing that he believes that had he had that information from the CIA, he would have been able to stop this because he believes he would have had what he called a full court press in terms of investigation.
On mid-Harenhazmi, while they were living in San Diego.
But in fact it wasn't until August 2001, the two Saudis in San Diego were finally put on the U.S. watch list.
By then, it was tragically too late.
Three weeks afterwards, they crashed American Airlines flight 77 into La Penelope.
It was terrific. It was terrific. He really knew how to enjoy his life.
And he made the people around him enjoy their lives more.
Elizabeth Alderman lost her son at the World Trade Center.
Now she's among 4,000 Americans and Canadians who filed a trillion dollar lawsuit against defendants that include Saudi charities, members of the royal family, and Bin Laden's.
The suit claims that by funding a Sama Bin Laden, they were just as responsible for the 9-11 tragedy as the hijackers.
If this will cost the Saudis enough money, I think maybe they will think twice before they will sponsor terrorism again.
I think that if we hadn't brought this lawsuit with the large number of people that are involved in the lawsuit, that it would have taken a very long time for the name of Saudi Arabia to even be mentioned by our government.
Elizabeth Alderman's life has changed in many ways. For one, she says, she's never been as suspicious of her government as she is now.
I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but I certainly can understand why people would believe it because it doesn't make sense.
I offer a lot of the way I look at life. The things have to make sense. I may not be knowledgeable in a particular area, but I know when things don't make sense.
So has all of this made any difference whatsoever in Washington? This past summer, US senators held a hearing on the financial support of terrorism.
They asked government officials to provide the names of the Saudi charities and individuals who have been investigated for funding al-Qaeda.
I know that Chairman tried very hard and others have tried very hard to get this information, so let me try again.
Are the names of those entities classified? The names classified that you have recommended for listening. It's a yes or no question.
The names themselves are not classified. And I think you ought to present them to us today.
I don't have them with me.
Senators were promised that get the names the next day. But overnight, the Bush administration classified them.
That list, with the names of the Saudi suspected of financing a son of bin Laden, would not be made public after all.
Call it a conspiracy or call it the way of the world. But the long relationship between the Bush's, the bin Laden's and the Saudi royal family has shaped the times in which we live before and after September 11th.
For better, for worse, and for who? You be the judge.
There you go. Well, I'm going home. Bye. Yeah. I want to puke. Anyway, that was from a CBC last night. You won't see that on CBS.
There are tears in the CBC. You sure won't see that on the peacock because General Electric wouldn't let him put it on.
You sure wants to get on ABC, eh? Or Fox. You sure won't see it on Fox.
So that's that. I think it was well worth while playing. Yeah, I just played every day, every hour.
You see, if the American public had news like that, if they really had any ID, what was really going on in this shady relationship between the Bush's and the bin Laden's all these years and about the Carlisle group and all of these things and about Peanak and all the stuff that's gone.
I'm ready to say to invade Iraq long before 9-11 long before. And then they also understand why it was the ability of the Bush's to steal a presidential election.
I mean, that's small potatoes compared all this other stuff. Anyway, thanks to Mattis Helen, Sunrise who says happy birthday and death for those who oppose you. And you are absolutely correct.
Here's another fact that says happy birthday. You want. Under the I will prove that the Banana Republic is alive and well and living in Dave County. Here it is. It says.
As another tree means winds up in Mexico this week and authorities in South Florida making extraordinary preparations to get ready for the next one of November 17 to 21 in Miami.
The Miami City Commission passed an ordinance this week for meeting anyone gatherings over three people from carrying such items as golf balls, marbles, sticks on signs, glass bottles and bull horns.
What has civil libertarians screaming is the laws expiration dates is four days after the meetings end. They say the effect is to discriminate against one specific group and commissioners say that's exactly what they're doing.
This will send a message to those groups who want to come here and create chaos at Commissioner Tomas and regalano. We did tailor one law specifically for them so don't mess with us.
The ordinance was recommended by chief of police and Miami police John Timone who fears demonstrations on the scale of those in Seattle in 99.
How do you like that? No, I don't want to get it to pages. How is that pull up on the no-grad you asked? Wait till we get to that thing about 70.
Miriam elephant, she's the best baby. Thank God it's not a racial thing.
What's your take on the Iraq war? That's what we're asking on the Orojis.com 237 votes.
George W. Bush would be impeached to 138.2% and those people are absolutely correct.
Let's stay the course. It'll take time 40 very naive people 16.8%. I want the troops to come home as in now 34.
We need to send more troops for security 12. Rumsfeld should be fired 8 and I don't care about any of it. 5.
Speaking of 17% of Browitz, Maryland ballots return due to bad addresses.
More ballots were... This is just so amazing that it's almost even more unspeakable than the tape I just played from that CBC show but not quite. I were used to it here.
More ballots were returned as undeliverable than were cast in yesterday's mail-in election.
The last major job for Browitz County Election Supervisor Miriam elephant before the governor decides whether to remove her or not.
Get her out of there, Jeb, you idiot. Elephant was under intense pressure to pull off the small election in four cities without a hitch after a state task force last month charged with gross dereliction of duty.
They gave her a deadline of next Monday to make dramatic improvements to her operations.
But the problems with yesterday's election and building for months because the office had not completed the state mandated update of the voter registration rule.
The out-of-date list contained thousands of voters who had moved or died.
The U.S. Postal Service returned 17,245 of 100,000 ballots sent out because they went to people no longer with the addresses listed at the same time.
14,752 residents of Pompeo Beach, dear field beach Southwest Ranges and two neighborhoods near Cooper City voted a turnout that was the fourth of what elephant had hoped for.
So now they've skipped that in mind. 14,700 some voted and 17,245 of ballots were returned.
They were sent to dead people and the missing people and people who moved.
Well, they could have voted.
Indeed. Sure. Many times.
City officials were frustrated and county leaders depicted the voters another sign that elephants to mulchewis tenure must come to an end soon.
Absolutely correct sir.
There are so many areas, so many that haven't been taken care of that brings it all down.
County Commissioner John Rodstrm be saying. Well, there you go.
I mean, what are we talking about and what is that woman doing there?
Well, Republicans and of course, you know, how are Dean gotten all that hot water because he made the comment.
All he really basically said is we got to get some of the good old boy redneck vote is what he said. He didn't say it well.
So, you know, the his democratic opponents last night on desperation decided they would like spend a good part of that debate.
Rock the vote thing. Beating up on him and wow, don't come down here and tell us how to run the South China.
We'd said all this of the crap, but you're not the at a good point because the deep South which used to be solidly democratic forever.
Ever and ever before the Democrats discovered something called civil rights for the dark folks.
Right. But they lost the Republicans captured Kentucky's governorship for the first time in more than three decades.
They won a Mississippi.
They picked up three governorships to Republicans yesterday.
Even when filtered off the Democrat one and also Democrats won a controlled legislature in New Jersey.
But that was small potatoes compared to the other ones. And of course, Arnold in California is the third one in tucking Mississippi in California.
But a ray of good news here.
More than four and ten voters. This is from USA today today.
More than four and ten voters nationwide say they definitely plan to vote against President Bush next year.
More than more than plan to vote for him.
The survey by Merit College Institute for Public Opinion found that 44% of voters questioned so they plan to definitely vote against Bush.
While 38% said they would support his reelection.
An April survey from the Pukips in New York based pollsters found that 40% of voters nationwide plan to vote for Bush.
While 30% said they would vote against him.
The latest poll also found a drop in Bush's approval rating, which was 70% in April. Now it's 53.
Among Democratic voters there was no clear choice about who should be the parties candidate.
Howard Dean led the way with 16%, Jewelieberman 12%, the Gibhard 10%.
Other Democratic contenders all in single digits.
In theoretical matchups against Democrats, Bush led them all closest Gibhard 48 to 43%.
But again, 44% said they would definitely vote against Bush.
And they ain't seen nothing yet.
It's one minute after 11 happy birthday to me.
I want to read, it's just what, 22 pages from the Michael Moore book.
Oh, you're playing all of this stuff. Yeah, that's right.
Because my birthday and I'm giving myself a present today.
No, that's a present to us.
I got a whole pile of stuff today. I might just not take one call today before that one o'clock comedy, but it's our one to two.
That's a present for me.
There you go. That's right.
Well, no, I mean, you know, thank you for wishing me happy birthday and we get a lot of those calls and a lot of calls.
Hey, you're an asshole. Retire whatever.
But I think that that thing I just played from CBC is just I get butterflies in my stomach while I listen to it,
even though I've heard it twice already most of it.
Everyone should be forced to watch that.
Right. That was Carl Levin.
By the way, Senator Levin who is asking for the names of those Saudis and over night before they could provide the list of names overnight, the Bush administration classified that information.
Done your business. Yeah.
Kind of like Dick Cheney in those energy meetings he had with his end round friends and others before all the gangsters took over.
Oh no, that's classified. We're going to give you that information.
Mind your own business.
I mean, what is your going to take to wake up the American public and anything to it?
I don't think so. I mean, maybe if one of the networks had to boss to say, hey, you folks at CBC, we'd like to run that show and they'd be delighted to let them do it by whatever happened.
Never happened.
Something will happen that I did pomp and oparthe the dining room at the top of the park opens in honor of my birthday.
How do you like that? Thank you, Dick and Steven, all my good friends at pomp and oparck and Wally, Hennessy and Brucey Ranger and Camel Wallace and everybody else to an even Donald Brainerd.
That's right. Top of the park restaurant opens with fine dining on the sixth floor.
And pomp and oparck is now opened four nights a week for great live harness racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday,
including tonight at seven o'clock. That's the new post time and the poker room at pomp and it was open from noon to midnight every
year.
Thanks for the birthday wishes, Amigo. 1119 at 560 WQ I am looking at pull almost just under 60% say George W Bush would be impeached. Of course, those people are correct.
Those hearings are to be going on right now. This moment as I speak, they ought to be taken place this second.
And why it takes, you know, I just stumbled into this. I want to thank the channel surfing gods.
Forgive me an early birthday gift last night. Wouldn't that nice of them? Very nice.
Because I had no idea that show was going to be on. I just stumbled across it. I just came.
Squirt Squirt across it. So to speak. And there was no thought, hey, this is something pretty damn interesting.
This is something that maybe we ought to like put on it. Somebody faxes me this and I was going to smit panic because I already have we talked about this before, but it's worth bringing up again now. Thanks, Michelle.
She says in his memoirs, the world transformed written five years ago. George H. Bush senior. That's the Bush one.
Wrote the following to explain why he didn't go after. Son of was saying at the end of the Gulf War.
He said trying to eliminate son would have incurred inculculable human and political costs apprehending him was probably impossible. We could have been forced to occupy fact that in the fact rule Iraq.
There was no viable exit strategy that we could see violating another of our principles. Furthermore, we had been self consciously trying to set a pattern for handling aggression in the post Cold War world.
Going in and occupying Iraq does unilaterally exceeding the United Nations mandate would have destroyed the president of international response to aggression that we hope to establish.
Have we gone the invasion route the United States could conceivably still be on an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land?
Huh? Oh, that's genius. Yeah.
Should have listened to daddy, man. Should have listened to pops. W.
Yeah. Well pops, of course, was too busy on 9 11. He was meeting with a Carl Al group right few miles away. Then that's chilling. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's the love you're killing because that's really chilling.
Here's something else that somebody fact in from an AOL poll AOL poll yesterday. They asked which issue is most important you in the 2004 election economy 55% war on Iraq 34% other 11%.
They asked how vulnerable is Bush. Let's see how many votes they have about look at that 30,000.
About 30,000. Let's see how vulnerable is Bush very vulnerable 43% somewhat 34 not at all 22. So 77% said very or somewhat vulnerable.
Who would you like to see jump into race? No one to write candidates are already in the race at 47%. Hillary Clinton 20% Al Gore 14.
Everyone who lost in the California week called 10% even like Gary Coleman, I guess. Ralph Nader 5. Ross P. Ro4% that's from an AOL poll yesterday. Thank you for that.
You think I ought to do the Michael more stuff now? Yeah. Well, you just come down. Just like the guy in yourself there. How could you tell?
I'll worked up into a freaking frenzy. You got a camera in here. No, we don't want to see that.
Gee, I've got I got so much good stuff. There is no chance that we're going to take any calls today. I just mentioned that so people because I'll know I'll never get too all of it.
Because they got to Michael more stuff. Then we got the big one to two hour and they got several bedtime stories because I'm giving myself like I said a nice birthday present and doing the show I can feel real good at two o'clock when I get my asset out of this chair at two o'clock and just say, hey, this was pretty damn good and worthwhile for people with IQ bigger than their thumb size.
I mean, you know, we do have those people. How many seven people say I don't care about any of it, meaning what's going on in Iraq?
Maybe it's just, you know, we put it on here because I knew we would get some votes. I mean, some people would say to me, well, why do you put it on there if you don't think anybody should vote for it?
And of course, I always know somebody will. So maybe they're just trying to be wise guys or maybe they truly don't care. Those are probably hurricane fans.
Yeah, no, you're laughing. I'm serious. You don't understand the mentality. See now Scott can relate to it because he knows what I'm talking about because he's, you know, is a bit of a sports fan.
But he knows what I'm talking about the kind of assholes who walk around not just on game day. Okay, I can understand people are fans. They paint their face like the leaf fans, blue and white and they go, you know, that's party time. That's fine.
But I'm talking about the people who walk around every day and you'll see him. You go to your shopping mall or your strip shopping center, go to the supermarket and you'll see the silly assholes walking around with their orange and the green caps and their shirts and their flags.
They're like, look at what they got. They got empty mascot looking like people who haven't got a freaking clue what life is read all about. That's the biggest problem in America is bad, bad education, horrible education.
No lessons about history, no lessons about geography, the American public is so isolated from the rest of really what's going on in the world. And not because American people are bad people, the American people are uneducated people.
And we're paying a wicked price for it. That's the problem. Dumb doesn't get the job done. Sorry, then work.
A Borscht and Wright's group there adds criticizing President Bush. Here's some good news.
Oh, and a Borscht and Wright's group is doing a TV ad today criticizing President Bush for his decision to sign a bill that imposes the first federal restrictions on a woman's legal right to abortion. And of course the right wingers, this is just one step in trying to undo Roe v. Wade. There's no question about that.
At the White House today Bush is a plan to sign the recently passed legislation that bands what critics called partial birth abortion. In a statement last week, Bush said he looked forward to signing the measure that would end in abhorrent practice and continue to build a culture of life in America.
A Borscht and Wright's advocates say the bill applies only the way procedure done latent pregnancy and criminalizes a safe medical practice. The Neural Prochoice America Foundation sponsor of the ad says the band violates the privacy of the doctor patient relationship.
Neural is spending nearly five a five hundred thousand dollars to air the ads and keep early voting states, the more in Iowa and Manchester, New Hampshire as well as Washington DC.
We're hoping to be a model for the prochoice candidates will be taking the president on next year. So David Selden, Neural spokesman, the 32nd ad, how many?
About third man called the in-room portrays the bill as Bush's first step, like I said, only moments ago in my psychic abilities to overturn the 1973 landmark decision upholding a woman's right to end a pregnancy.
The female announcer says medical privacy is a basic American freedom. That's why the government stays out of the doctor's office. But now President Bush just signed the first federal law that will criminalize safe medical procedures, along with no exception to protect a woman's health.
And once government is in the door, who knows what they'll do next? Throughout the spot, there's the sign of a fist thouting on the door of an empty doctor's exam room, eventually the fist breaks through the door.
Democratic presidential candidate Howard Dean, a trained internist, yesterday urged Bush not to sign the bill. This law will chill the practice of medicine and endanger the health of countless women, the former Obama governor said in a statement.
As we continue in America, taking huge gigantic steps into the stony.
The president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state
the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state
the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state
the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state
the president of the state, the president of the state, the president of the state,
from the days, the ones when you weren't AWOL in the Texas National
Earth, Texas Air National Guard.
You've been hired by Solomon Bin Laden or Sama's brother to invest
a bit of Lodz money in various Texas ventures.
Some $50,000 or 5% of control of our booster came from Mr.
Bant.
Was he acting on behalf of the Bin Lodzans?
Most Americans might be surprised to learn that you and your
father have known the Bin Lodzans for a long time.
What exactly is the extent of this relationship, Mr. Bush?
Are you close personal friends or simply on again off again
business associates?
Solomon Bin Laden first started coming to Texas in 1973 and later
bought some land, built himself a house and created Bin Laden
Aviation at the San Antonio Airfield.
The Bin Lodzans are one of the wealthiest families in Saudi
Arabia.
Their huge construction firm virtually built the country from the
roads and power plants to the skyscrapers and government
buildings.
They built some of the airstrips in America used in your dad's
Gulf War and they renovated the holy sites at Mecca and Medina.
Billionaires make many times over they soon began investing in
other ventures around the world, including the US.
They have extensive business dealings with city groups,
general electric, Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs, and the
Fremont group, a spin-off of energy giant Bechtel.
According to the New Yorker, the Bin Laden family also
owns part of Microsoft and the airline defense giant Boeing.
They've donated $2 million to your alma mater Harvard
University, $300,000 more to Tufts University, and tens of
thousands more to the Middle East Policy Council, a think
tankated by former US ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Charles
Freeman.
In addition to the property of their own in Texas, they also
have real estate in Florida and Massachusetts, in short,
they have their hands deep in our pants.
Unfortunately, as you know, Mr. Boy,
Salam Bin Laden died in a plane crash in Texas in 1988.
His father, Muhammad also died in a plane crash in 1967.
Salam's brothers, they're around 50 of them, including Osama,
continued to run the family companies and investments.
After leaving office, your father became a highly paid
consultant for a company known as the Carlyle Group.
One of the investors in the Carlyle Group was none other than
the Bin Laden family.
The Bin Laden's put a minimum of $2 million into the Carlyle
Group.
Until 1994, you headed a company called Cater Air, which was
owned by the Carlyle Group.
The same year, you left a soon-to-be-bankrupt Cater Air.
You became governor and quickly oversaw the University of
Texas A State Institution, make an investment of $10 million
in the Carlyle Group.
The Bin Laden family had also gotten on the Carlyle
Gravy train in 1994.
The Carlyle Group is one of the nation's largest defense
contractors, among many of the other lines of work.
They don't actually build weapons themselves rather they buy
up feeling defense companies, turn them around by making
them profitable, and then sell them her huge sums of money.
The people who run the Carlyle Group are who's who of past
movers and shakers, everyone from Marvel Regans Defense
Secretary Frank Carlucci, to your dad's Secretary of State
James Baker, to former British Prime Minister John Major.
Carlucci, the head of Carlyle, also happens to sit on the
board of directors of the Middle East Policy Council,
along with the representative of the Bin Laden family
Binness.
After September 11th, the Washington Post and the Wall Street
Journal both ran stories pointing out this strange coincidence.
Your first response, Mr. Bush, was to ignore it, I
hoping, I guess, that the story would just go away.
Your father and his buddies at Carlyle did not
renounce the Bin Laden investment.
Your army of pundits went into spin control.
They said, we can't paint these Binladins with the same brush
we use for Osama.
They have disowned Osama.
They have nothing to do with them.
They hate and despise what he has done.
They are the good Binladins.
And then the video footage came out.
It showed a number of those good Binladins,
including Osama's mother, sister, and two brothers,
with Osama had his son's wedding just six and a half months
before 9.11.
It has been reported in New Yorker that not only is the
family not cut ties with Osama, but they've continued
to fund them as they have been doing for years.
There was no secret to the CIA that Osama Bin Laden had access
to his family fortune, as a share is estimated to be
at least $30 million, how many?
About 30, man.
And the Binladins as well as other Saudis kept Osama
and his group Al Qaeda well-funded.
Mr. Bush weeks went by after the attacks on New York
and the Pentagon, yet your father and his friends
at the Carlyle group refused to buckle in their support
for the Bin Laden empire.
Finally, nearly two months after the attacks,
with more and more people questioning the propriety
of the Bush family being in bed with the Binladins,
your father and the Carlyle group were pressured
into giving the Binladins their minions back
and asked them to leave the company as investors.
Why did this take so long?
To make matters worse, it turned out
that one of Binladins' brothers, Shafik,
was actually at a Carlyle group business conference
in Washington, D.C., the morning of 9.11.
The day before at the same conference,
your father and Shafik had been chatting it up
with all the other ass government Carlyle bigwigs.
Mr. Bush, what's going on here?
You've gotten a free ride from the media,
though they know everything I've just written to be the truth,
and in fact, I've taken it from the very same mainstream
news sources they work for.
They seem unwilling or afraid to ask you a simple question,
what is going on here?
In case you don't understand just how bizarre
the media's violence is regarding the Bush Binlad
and connections, let me draw an analogy
on how the press or congress may have handled something like this,
if the same should have been on the Clinton foot.
If after the terrorist attack on the federal building
in Oklahoma City, it was revealed that President Bill Clinton
and his family had financial dealings
with Timothy McVase family, what do you think
your Republican party in the media
would have done with that one?
You think at least a couple of questions
might have been asked like, what is that all about?
Be honest, you know the answer?
They would have asked more than a couple of questions.
They would have skin-clinted and alive
and thrown out what was left of his carcass in Gitmo.
So what is this all about, Mr. Bush?
We have a right to know.
That's question number one by Michael Lamore
in Dudewear's My Country, a book that everyone
of you ought to be forced to read,
or maybe like have somebody who would
not be larger than their pinky, read it to you would be good.
Line, line and local,
hereventions Sport Renierungs Ry Enough 60C grips.
We have a lot to do with it.
The notes they're talking in the right wing
Is drilling it over and over and to our heads
That iraq has some weapons of master's instruction
3,000 people killed are now forgotten that's exploited instead
Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after sentown to
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in London
But no one seems concerned all, comfy and complacent
Believe in every word of this cartel of administration
That controls us by fear through media manipulation
And the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our heads
That iraq has some weapons of master's instruction
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservation
Out of roboque, battle, land, world and annihilation
Old regimes must fall in halivert and it's no with no objection at all
Democrats don't have the balls and the right wing
Is drilling it over and over and to our parade watch it
I rack has some weapons of master's instruction
Only I rack has some weapons of master's instruction
Thanks Anthony for the good facts who enjoyed hearing that piece from CBC
Reminds me that James Baker, the very same one with Secretary of State for Bush 1
The very same one who came down to Florida to help fix the 2000 election for Bush 2
James Baker is the attorney representing the Saudi family against those nasty families from 9-11
Right, those evil families, rollers of the victims like that woman that was on that CBC piece
Let's see, here's the fact, thanks Jeff Cohen for having a happy birthday but we're not putting no calls on here today
On a hotline or not, thanks Jeff, I love you, see you soon
Here's the fact that says outstanding play at least once a week and also check out information clearinghouse.info
And it's an article, okay I'm going to put that off to the side and I'll check it out, went it out
It's a little return for five links at the top where you can view this Dutch documentary
I'm the disgusting Carl Law Group's profiteering of the war in Iraq and the wars yet to come
Thank you
I just got inspiration, I inspired myself since this is my birthday, I don't do whatever the hell I want today
Manu's done a halala, has that
I'm going to read a lot more than that
All right, from the Michael Moore book, I'm going all the way through page, I mean, yeah, I'm not going to read the whole book
Through page 30 something, what a tweet
The end of question number six, so I guess I better get back to it
Michael Moore, dude, where's my country?
Question two, these are questions he wants to ask W
Question two, what is the special relationship between the bushes in the Saudi-World family?
Mr. Bush, they've been live in the only Saudis with whom you and your world family have a close personal relationship
The entire world family seems to be indebted to you or is it the other way around?
The number one supplier of oil to the West is the nation of Saudi Arabia, possessor of the largest known reserves of oil in the world
When Sauna Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1990, it was really the Saudis next door who felt threatened and it was your father, George Bush one, who came to their rescue
The Saudis have never forgotten this and, according to a March 2003 article in the New Yorker, some members of the world family consider your family to be part of their extended family
The high-file wife of Prince Bondar in the Saudi ambassador to the West says that your mother and father are like my mother and father
I know if I ever needed anything I could come to them, she said
And his Robert Beer, who was a case officer in the CIA's directorate of operations from 67 to 97 and who was on that CBC report we just played
Revealed in his book, Sleeping with a Devil, which I'm gonna buy
Your dad even has a special name for the Saudi prince, he calls him Bondar Bush
And if I can interrupt the reading, there was a clip that we saw on one of the actually on the PBS news show of days following 9-11 just a couple of days later
And it showed George W on one of the balconies at the White House and guess who he was reminiscing with and the ruminating with and discussing with, it was Prince Bondar himself
Just a coincidence I guess
This relationship as you know but have never revealed that the American people was forged over many years
Through his stints in the CIA and his vice president and president your father learned that whenever the dirty work needed to be done the United States could always turn to Saudi Arabia
When White House aid Ali North needed money to buy arms for Iran and the Iran country affair it was the Saudi who provided the 30 million dollars in secret cash
Come ony
But third man
When the CIA needed funds to up destroy the Italian Communist Party in 1985 and finance its opponents in the election it was your good friends the Saudis who happily put in 10 million in an Italian bank
This was all while dad was VP and he was having the Saudi ambassador over for frequent lunches
It is no surprise then that the Saudi ambassador is the only diplomat in Washington who receives his own personal state department security detail compliments of the US taxpayers
Robert Bay reported that Prince Bondar donated a million dollars to the George Bush presidential library in New Zealand, Texas and a million dollars more to Barbara Bush's literacy program
Which I guess the president probably should join up with real soon
Even though popping was defeated by Clinton in 1992 the ties remain just as strong your father's Carlisle group did a lot of business with the Saudis when it came to weapons procurement
The Saudis spend more than 170 billion dollars on armaments in the 1990s and a chunk of the business went through the Carlisle group
Your dad is met with the Saudi world's on many occasions and is traveled to the Arabian Peninsula at least twice in the leaving office and stayed in the world palaces of the House of Saud both times on behalf of the Carlisle group
Prince Bondar was also an investor in the Carlisle group and he attended your mother's 75th birthday party in Kitabunkport
It's been a fruitful relationship all around
When there was all that nasty stress surrounding the hanging chads in the Florida ballot boxes in the late fall of 2000
Your close friend Prince Bondar was there for your family offering his support
He took your father on a feson hunting trip to England to help take his mind off all the chaos
While the royal family's lawyer your lawyer James Baker went to Florida to direct the battle for the ballots
Bakers firm would later represent the Saudi world and lawsuits against them by the families of 9-11 victims is Anthony just to remind of us
To be fair Mr. Bush it's not just your family members who are the recipients of these Saudis largest
A major chunk of the American economy is built on Saudi money
They have a trillion dollars invested in our stock market another trillion sitting in our banks
If one day they chose to suddenly remove that money our corporations and financial institutions would be sent into a tailspin
Causing the an economic crisis the likes of which has never been seen
That threat looms every day over our heads and it's something that no one ever wants to talk about
Couple that with the fact that this one and a half million barrels of oil we need daily from the Saudis
Could also vanish on a mere royal whim and we begin to see how not only you but all of us are dependent on the House of Saud
George is this good for our national security or Homeland Security? Who is it good for you? Pops? Not us?
Here's what I don't get why have you and your father chosen to align yourselves with a country that's considered by most human rights groups
To be among the worst and most brutal dictatorships in the world
Amnesty international had this to say in its 2003 report on Saudi Arabia
Gross human rights violations continued and were exacerbated by the government policy of combating terrorism in the wake of 9-11-2000
With the amount of tax in the USA the violations were perpetuated by the strictly secret of criminal justice system
And the pro-ovisional political parties trade unions and independent human rights organizations
Hundreds of suspected religious activists and critics of the state were arrested and the legal status of most of those were held from previous years
Remains shrouded in secrecy women continued to suffer severe discrimination torture and ill treatment remained rife
In 2,025 people were publicly beheaded many of them in the city of Riyadh had a place popularly known as Chop Chop Square
And why was trying to think of the name of that? Right, Kapoicio Chop Chop Square
After meeting with the Saudi Crown Prince in April of 2002 you happily told us that the two of you had established a strong personal bond and that you spent a lot of time alone
Were you trying to reassure us or just want your friendship with the group of rulers who rivaled the Taliban and their suppression of human rights? Why the double standard?
Question number 3, who attacked the United States on September 11th a guy on dialysis from a cave in Afghanistan or your friend Saudi Arabia?
I'm sorry Mr. Bush but something doesn't make sense. You got us all repeating by wrote that it was Osama bin Laden who was responsible for the attack on the US in September 11th even I was doing it
But then I started hearing strange stories about Osama's kidneys. It turns out there have been reports on Osama's health problems for years. For example, in 2000 the Associated Press reported
A Washington intelligence official said Osama suffering from kidney and liver disease bin Laden has kidney failure and his liver is going the official said
He said bin Laden's followers were trying to find a kidney dialysis machine for their ailing leaders
After 9-11 these reports escalated I was watching hardball with Chris Matthews one item MSNBC and one of the guests at Taliban expert said
Osama bin Laden the Pyrethinese dialysis treatment for his kidney problems so he's got to be close to some dialysis he can't really travel far. Did he just say dialysis?
The world's biggest monster the most sinister evil man on all planet earth and he can't even piss in a pot without help?
I don't know about you but if I'm to be seriously frightened by an evil door especially the top evil door I want that evil door to have all his vitally functions working 110%.
I want him strong scary and omnipresent and the possessor of two working kidneys. How am I supposed to be supporting all these Homeland Security measures when the lead bad guys flat out on the table somewhere hooked up to a kidney machine?
Suddenly I don't know who or what to trust. I started to ask other questions. How could a guy sitting in a cave in Afghanistan hooked up to dialysis
have directed and overseen the actions of 19 terrorists for two years in the US and then plotted so perfectly the hijacking of four planes and then guarantee the three of them would end up precisely on their targets.
How did Osama do this? I mean I can't get this computer to stop crashing every time I type the word gingivitis. I can't get a cell signal from here to Queens and he's supposed to pulled off all of 9-11 from his little cave 10,000 miles away?
What was he doing then when we started the bombing over there? Was he running from cave to cave in Afghanistan with his tubes and dialysis machine training behind him or maybe there was a dialysis machine in every third cave in Afghanistan? Yeah that's it.
A real modern country Afghanistan. It has about 15 miles of railroad track and a lot of dialysis dialysis machines I guess.
None of this is to say that Osama isn't a baddie or even that he didn't have something to do with the attacks but it seems that maybe a few journalists might want to ask a few common sense questions like how could he have really pulled this off while his skin was turning green and he was living in a country with no kinkos, no FedEx, no ATMs.
How did he organize, communicate, control and supervise this kind of massive attack with two cans of string?
Yes we're told by you to believe it with two cans and a string. We're told by you to believe it. The headlines blurred at the first day and they blurred it the same way now two years later terrorist attack the United States.
Terrorists. I wondered about this word for some time so George let me ask you this question. George W.
If 15 of the 19 hijackers had been North Korean and they killed 3,000 people do you think the headlines the next day might read North Korea attached the United States? Of course it would.
If it had been 15 Iranians or 15 Libyans or 15 Cubans I think the conventional wisdom would have been Iran or Libya or Cuba or Tass America.
Yet when it comes to 9.11 have you ever seen the headline? Have you ever heard a newscaster or have you appointees ever out of the word Saudi Arabia attacked the United States? Of course you haven't.
And so the question must be asked why not? Why when Congress releases its own investigation into 9.11 you must have bought sensor about 28 pages that deal with the Saudis role in the attack?
What is behind your apparent refusal look at one country that seems to be producing the terrorists that have killed our citizens?
I'd like to throw out a possibility here. What if September 11th wasn't the terrorist attack or rather a military attack against the United States?
What if the 19 were well trained soldiers? They elite at the elite unquestioning their duty to obey their commanders orders.
That they lived in this country for nearly two years and were not discovered. That takes a certain amount of discipline, the discipline of a soldier, not the erratic behavior of some wild-eyed terrorist.
We have to do a break. And then when we come back I'll continue. How do you like that? I like it a lot.
11.564 minutes still known at 5.60 QAM.
My and local. This is 4.805.60.
Way to AAM.
This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen inside my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of 1 hour beeping.
All right.
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
Now
Good
In
connects
thousands of princes in the world family, and many observers have commented that Saudi
rabies on the brink of civil war are perhaps a people's revolution.
You can only behead so many of your citizens and then before long they lose their heads
and go crazy and overthrow your ass.
That's what is on the to-do list for many Saudi citizens these days, and the worlds are
circling the wagons.
A 1999 article in the Political Journal for an Affairs pretty much spelled out why.
Like Pakistan, Saudi rabie would like to leave bin Laden in Afghanistan.
His arrest and trial in the U.S. could be highly embarrassing, exposing his continuing
relationship with sympathetic members of the ruling elites and intelligent services
of both countries.
So did certain factions within the Saudi world family execute the attack on 9-11?
Were these prowlits trained by the Saudis?
One thing we do know, nearly all the hijackers were Saudis, and they apparently were able
to enter the U.S. legally thanks in part to the special arrangements set up by our State
Department of the Saudi government that allowed Saudis to get quicky visas without going
through the normal vetting process.
Mr. Bush, why are the Saudis received red carpet treatment?
Sure we need their oil and yes they received the same kissy face welcome from all the
presidents before you, but why if you blocked attempts to dig deeper into these Saudi
connections?
Why do you refuse to say Saudi Arabia attacked the United States?
Mr. Bush does this have anything to do with your family's post-personal relationship
with the ruling family of Saudi Arabia?
I would like to think that's not possible, but what's your explanation?
That it was just some nut in a cave who just happened to be on dialysis?
And after you couldn't find this nut, why did you try to convince us that Sodom Hussein
had something to do with 9.11 in al-Qaeda when you were specifically told by your intelligence
people that there was no connection?
Why are you so busy protecting the Saudis when you should be protecting us?
Question number four, why did you allow a private Saudi jet to fly around the U.S. in
the days after 9.11 and to pick up members of the bin Laden family and then let them fly
out of the country without a proper investigation by the FBI?
Mr. Bush, not that this is personal or anything, but I was stranded in Los Angeles on the
morning of 9.11.
I scrambled to find a rental car and then drove 3,000 miles to get back home, all because
traveling by air was forbidden in the days following the attack.
Yet members of the bin Laden family were allowed to fly in private jets, crisscrossing America
as they prepared to leave the country.
Can you explain that to me?
Private jets under the supervision of the Saudi government and with your approval were
allowed to fly around the skies of America and pick up 24 members of the bin Laden family
and take them to a secret assembly point in Texas.
They then flew to Washington, D.C. and then on to Boston.
Finally, on September 18, they were all flown to Paris out of reach of any U.S. officials
interrogation other than a few questions that the FBI asked them and requested check each
of their passports before leaving.
One FBI agent I spoke to told me that the FBI was furious that they weren't allowed
to keep the bin Laden's in the country to conduct a real investigation, the kind of police
like to do when they're trying to track down a murderer.
Usually, the police like to talk to the family members of the suspect to learn what they know,
who they know, and how they might help capture the fugitive.
None of the normal procedures were followed.
This is mind-boggling.
Here you have two dozen bin Laden's on American soil misdibushing.
You come up with some lame excuse that you were worried about their safety.
Might it have been possible that at least one of the 24 bin Laden's would have possibly known
something? Or maybe just one of them could have been convinced to help track Osama down?
Nope, none of that.
So while thousands were stranded and couldn't fly, if you could prove you were a close relative
of the biggest mass murder in US history, you got a free trip to Gay Perry.
Of course, the bin Laden's have been your business associates,
so why wouldn't you do a little favor for some old family friends?
But to use the Clinton analogy again, imagine the hours after the Oklahoma City bombing,
Bill Clinton suddenly started worrying about the safety of the McVeigh family up in Buffalo,
and then arranged a free trip for them out of the country.
What would you and the Republicans have said about that?
Suddenly, a stand on a blue dress probably wouldn't have been a top priority for a witch I've
wanted. With all that was happening in the days after 9-11, how did you find the time to even
begin thinking about protecting people named bin Laden? I'm amazed at your ability to multitask.
As if bin Laden's over America, air-laden wasn't enough. The Tampa Tribune reported that the
authorities also found the time to help even more Saudis. Apparently, another Saudi jet,
this won a private lear jet arranged by a private hangar owned by the French contractor Raytheon,
which also happens to be a hefty GOP donor, was allowed to fly from Tampa on September 13
during the air travel lockdown. The Lexington Kentucky drop off some members of the Saudi
royal family to be with other Saudi royales who've been Kentucky looking at horses.
Two bodyguards for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers were hired to travel along on the flight and they
told their story to the Tampa Tribune about how the pilot revealed them upon returning to Tampa
that they had still another run to make the Louisiana. Why, Mr. Bush, was this allowed to happen?
Our frightened nation started to get through those days after 9-11 yet in the sky above us,
the bin Laden's and Saudi worlds jetted home, I think we deserve an explanation.
And you know what I decided? There's like three more questions. I'm going to read them all through
page 40. You're like that. Because I know most people either they don't have time or they're
lazy or they don't have the how much is this book cost, 25 bucks to go out and buy the book,
or for whatever reason. All of you're not going to go out and read it themselves. So they need to
be forced to run in on my birthday. And like I said, there's some people out there. Oh,
gee, this is terminus. It's boring. It's no fun. But you know what? All those kids over there dying
in Iraq is no fun either. And all those 3000 people who died for no dang good reason, 9-11 was no fun either.
And what's going on in America today is no fun because the American public are like Jell-O
brained and they're being fed a constant diet of Jell-O. You pick the flavor, man. You like
Raspberry? No, it's not. Well, there's a Raspberry for all president. They know I should charge.
9 minutes past noon at 560 WQ. You know, if you wear a musk red on your head or some other dead
farm animal like a weasel, you get a lot of raspberries. Everybody looks at you and like falls down
laughing like the moment. In fact, that's why I stayed home today. The rumor is his weasel ran
away from home. Absolutely. If you're tired of all the phony looking hair pieces, if you're tired
of hearing all the ads for all the other phony gimmicks, like holes in the head and dangerous pills
that don't do anything except take the money out of your wallet. Here's the answer to help you get
your hair back. Chuck Alfie Erie's natural hair line system make a long story short. Charlie
is the best in the business. Using the latest technology, Charlie produces sensational results
and it makes it look like it's really your hair, like it's going out of your scalp instead of
something fell from the sky and camped out on your head. For over 25 years now, Charlie's been
helping the famous, the infamous and everybody in between looked the best they possibly can,
better and younger than most of them ever dreamed they could again. And if you don't love the way
it looks and feels, Charlie gives you this guarantee after 30 days, how many?
Charlie give you a full refund if you're not getting all the action you could ever use and then
summon. Don't love the way it is doing it for you. So call today and get your hair back from Chuck
Alfie Erie. Be sure to mention my name because if you do, you get an extra $200 near Roger's discount.
Here's the tool for you never to call to get that hair back. It's 1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413 or
get more info on our world flaming website, Charles Alfie Erie.com.
You're a man.
K-ABC News with a one-on-one interview with gubernatorial hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger.
I'm sorry. Excuse me. I apologize.
What do you apologize for? I'm not following you.
For everything, Kim Lipa, I'm a KBC News. I'm sorry to the people of California.
For what? Those bad movies you make?
No. Although if you don't like them, I'm sorry, Kim Lipa, I'm a KBC News.
I'm sorry for this.
You just touched my boobies.
That was a demonstration, Kim Lipa, I'm sorry.
Well, don't do your demonstrations on me, Mr. Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you.
I apologize. You're very whiny. Go ahead with your question.
Well, you're very touchy-feely.
I apologize.
Excuse me, but did you just touch my arm?
That was a demonstration, Kim Lipa, KBC News.
That's why I want to apologize to the people of California.
And I believe you should.
I'm sorry.
I see you have a problem with women.
I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them.
Excuse me, but we are not an object.
May I see your anida?
It's my what?
Your anida, may I see it?
I don't think I have an anida.
You haven't anida, it's right here.
That's your anida.
I can't believe you just put your hand.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I apologize.
Oh, do it again.
Yeah, good for you, Kim Lipa, you won't.
Don't you hear her?
Let us have your anida.
Oh!
You are disgusting.
I want to be the governor.
Here, I put my lever vote for me.
Ew, why is it purple?
I eat grapes. I'm a grape either.
Pumileva.
1215 at 560 WQM.
In fact, there probably change the law in between now in 2008.
You're already working on it.
Yeah, so that somebody who's a father was an Austrian Austria can actually be the president of the US.
In 2008 and 2012, there's eight more years, baby.
President Arnold.
Anybody mess with us?
We'll terminate him.
Anyway, getting back to the Michael Moore book, question number five, he's got for George W.
Why are you protecting the Second Amendment rights of potential terrorists?
Mr. Bush in the days after 9-11, the FBI began running a check to see if any of the 186 suspects,
the feds had rounded up in the first five days after the attack,
had purchased any guns in the month leading up to 9-11.
Using the instant background checks files for gun purchases created under the Brady bill,
the FBI immediately found two of the suspects had indeed purchased weapons.
When your attorney general, John Ascroft, heard about this, he immediately shut down the search.
He told the FBI that the background check files could not be used for such a search,
and these files were only to be used at the time of purchase of a gun,
not to find that information on law-abiding gun-toting citizens.
So the FBI was prohibited by Ascroft from doing any further investigation as to whether those
detained because they were possible associates of the hijackers had procured any weapons in the
90 days leading up to that faithful day. Why? Why? Because even though all their other rights have been
thrown out the window, your administration insisted that they still had one constitutional right that
you were willing to protect, their sacred Second Amendment right to bear arms, and for the government,
not to know about it. Mr. Bush, you can't be serious. Is your administration so gun-nutty and in
the pocket of the NRA that even though you have not given a nanosecond of thought to protecting
the rights of any of the Arab Americans you've arrested detained in harassed in the past two years,
when it comes to their gun rights, then all of a sudden you're the biggest defender of constitutional
rights and civil liberties that the nations have ever seen? You realize that when most Americans
figure out you've protected potential terrorists by stymying a legitimate political investigation,
they're going to run you and Dick and Reverend John out of Dodge with their own six shooters of
ballot boxes of blazing. I guess none of this should come as a surprise considering what Mr.
Ascroft was up to in the summer of 2001. Instead of protecting the country from events like the one
it was about to take place, the Attorney General was busy trying to dismantle the National
Instant Criminal Background Check System. He said that the government should not be keeping a
database on gun owners and wanted the law changed so that the files were kept for only 24 hours.
The Senate and the public didn't find out about Ascroft's orders to stop the search for terrorist
gun files until the summer 2001 when Ascroft not only proudly admitted to doing this in front of
the Senate Judiciary Committee, but went on to attack anyone who would question his actions to
predict a hijackers gun rights. He told the panel that critics of his anti-terror practices were
providing ammunition to America's enemies to those whose whose scare peace loving people with
phantoms of lost liberty. My message is this, your tactics only aid terrorists, he said.
But who was the one eating the terrorist, Mr. Bush, and Attorney General who wouldn't let the
FBI do its job? And Attorney General who won't let the police thoroughly investigate what the
terrorists were up to including purchasing of weapons? At that same Senate hearing, Mr. Ascroft
held up what he said was an al-Qaeda training manual. In this manual he warned, al-Qaeda terrorists
are told how to use America's freedom as a weapon against us. On one point, on this point,
he was correct. One of the freedoms al-Qaeda apparently really likes is our second amendment.
Another al-Qaeda pamphlet that was originally found in terrorist safe houses in Afghanistan
heaps praise on the United States. Obviously, Ascroft missed all of the beautiful irony. Here's what
this al-Qaeda training manual says. In some countries of the world, especially the USA, firearms
training is available to the general public. Once you've tried to join a shooting club if possible
and make regular visits to the firing range, there are many firearms courses available to the public
in the USA ranging from one day to two weeks or more. Useful courses to learn are sniping,
general shooting, other rifle courses. Handgun courses are useful only after you've mastered rifles.
In other countries, for example, some states of the USA and South Africa, it's perfectly legal
for members of the public to own certain types of firearms. If you live in such a country,
obtain an assault rifle, legally, preferably in AK-47 or variations, learn how to use it properly
and go and practice in the areas allowed for such training. Respect the laws of the country,
you're in and avoid dealing in illegal firearms, one can learn to operate many arms legally so there's
no need to spend years in prison for dealing in small illegal firearms. Learn the most you can
accord your circumstances and leave the rest to when you actually go for G-Hod.
So Mr. Bush al-Qaeda apparently is plotting to use one of our freedoms the right to bear arms
against us. I truly love how you've rounded up hundreds of people, grabbing them off the streets
without notice, throwing them in prison cells, unable to contact lawyers or family, and then for
the most part, shipping them out of the country on mere immigration charges. You can waive their
fourth amendment protection from on-lawful search and seizure, their sixth amendment rights to an
open trial by a jury of their peers and the right to counsel, and their first amendment
rights to speak, assemble, descend and practice their religion. You believe you have the right to
trash all of these rights, but when it comes to the second amendment right to own an AK-47,
oh no, that right they can have, and you'll defend their right to have it, even after you've flown
that they've flown a plane into a building and killed a bunch of people. When this three first
broke, you naturally got worried that it wouldn't spin the right way of the public, the vast majority
of whom want stronger gun laws, so you tried it out to Justice Department spokeswoman to explain
to us that the decision had been reached by senior justice officials after they had done exhaustive
study of the law. Among those spin-miches was Mr. Viet Din, the Assistant Attorney General for Legal
Policy, Din's justification for blocking the background checks. According to the New York Times,
Mr. Din ruled that these texts were improper, reasoning that they would violate the privacy of
these foreigners. Yes, when it comes to guns, finally the rights of foreigners come for something.
But in July 2002, the truth came out and the General Accounting Office released a Justice
Department's actual legal opinion on the matter. Did it October 1st, 2001, report that your
Attorney General apparently suppressed? What did it say? That the Justice Department's legal
advisers had ruled that, get this, there was nothing wrong with using gun background files to
check if I suspected terrorists had purchased a gun. Did you read that, Mr. Bush? I'll underline it
and put it in bigger tight so you can read it nice, slow, and easy. There's nothing wrong with
looking to see if I suspected terrorists bought a gun. Nothing wrong, how shocking. Who else other
than you and John Ascrodden would think that it's a crime to find out if alleged terrorists were
buying guns? The GAO also reported that 97 percent of illegally purchased guns that were initially
approved and then taken back once the mistake was realized would not have been detected if the
gun check records have been destroyed in 24 hours rather than 90 days. Your administration talks
of the phantoms of lost liberty? Tell that to them and women who were thrown in jails not because
they were terrorists but because they were Muslims. And tell me why you think you have the right
to find out what books they suspected terrorists is reading but not what guns he might be packing.
Who Mr. Bush is really aiding the terrorists here? Okay, question number six is coming up.
Oh man. Oh man, what? Nothing. I'm just not. Now you want to see if I'm right. My plan was
got my 10 votes for president. I'm spitting blood over here. Are you really? Well, we'll have Scott.
Look it up. Look it up Scott. Once you take on the Iraq war that's our pull question on neo-Rodgers.com
George W. Bush would be impeached 62.8% 306 out of 487. Let's stay the course. It'll take time
77 15.8%. I want the troops to come home 61. We need to send more troops for security 24.
Ramesfeld should be fired 11. I don't care about any of it eight eight eight hurricane fans.
Like that. I don't care Larry. Coker. No matter what you say no matter what you do you ain't
going to make him care. And by the way, give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball.
You know what? A constant having your carpets clean. There's only one name you need to be thinking
about. That's dry concepts. They've been in business for over 20 years. They've been cleaning my
carpets for well over 20 years. There's a number one carpet cleaning company in the
universe. I was the holiday season right around the corner. There was never a better a smarter
time than right now to have those carpets cleaned eliminating the schmutz, the oil and germs
that have settled deep into your carpets over the summer months. Dry concepts set the
standards by which all the others have to follow beautifying your home leaving your carpets
sparkling clean vibrant and color and soft to the touch and don't forget dry concept treats expensive
or in a russians rapery the same way dry concepts technicians are schooled and certified by the
institute of inspection cleaning and restoration which means they know exactly what they're doing.
They know their craft perfecting dry concepts. They are cleaning method leaves your carpets dry in
just two hours and not two days. I mean you're ready to rock and roll in no time at all. So bring
your carpets back to life just in time for the holidays by calling my good friends at dry concepts
tool free and don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start
the job. Here's the number to call tool free it's 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Call
today and see how you can say 15% on your next carpets cleaning. Don't forget to slogan and
dry concepts in fact it's not just a slogan it's reality. Clean today and retain tonight.
Com Tool Free 1-800-248-5071.
For David's a bit. Dr. Phil the element weight solution is number one in the New York
class the best selling book in America. And there's not one thing in that book that is grounded
in the scientific research is Dr. Phil off the top of his head and each your advice. Exactly.
Let's go to your calls. Kurdelaine Idaho. Hello. Hi Larry. Hi, what's the question? Dr. Phil I just
started a new diet. My doctor gave me any words of wisdom. You are going to fail. You're not
going to get back to that weight. Tampa Florida. Hello. Hey guys, hold on one second. I'm opening
up a box of Twinkies. Twinkies. Whatever. First step. What's the question? Hold on a second.
I'm eating a Twinkie. Great. What's the question? Do you know how late the dairy queen is open?
24 hours a day, seven days a week. Bans for revenge. One more call. Wingslow Man. Hello. Dr. Phil both
my current works. I have to fix a lot of my own meals. What should I have for breakfast? Ice cream,
cookie. Are you sure? No question about it. I teach you said I said a fruit or cereal or something.
Bad idea. That's not healthy. That's not good. We'll be back with more Dr. Phil the element weight
solution. Yes. Number one on the New York Times list. Of course. More calls after that. Not just
a drooling Yahoo but a fat drooling Yahoo with a diet book. Nice going Dr. Phil. Who the
1229 at 560 W. Who I don't have time for a for a holiday here because I got to get to page 40 here
through the rest of these questions. You guys in what's the question? Number six Michael more wants
to know from George W. Were you aware that why you were governor of Texas the Taliban travel
of Texas to meet with your oil and gas company friends? Mr. Bush I don't know what compelled me to
type in some key words one night on the BBC website but there I was punching in the words Taliban
and Texas and lo and behold look what popped up on my computer at BBC Story from December of 1997.
Taliban to Texas for pipeline talks. The Taliban as you know were invited to come to Texas while
you were governor of the state. According to the BBC the Taliban went through to meet with Unicael
the huge oil and energy giant to discuss Unicael's desire to build a natural gas pipeline running
from Turkmenistan to Taliban controlled Afghanistan into Pakistan. Mr. Bush what was this all about?
According to London's telegraph online your oil company friends rolled out the red carpet for
some of the world's most notorious murderous thugs and showed them a real good down home Texas time.
First the Taliban leaders spent a few days in Sherville and Texas enjoying the pleasures of
western extravagance. The oil men put up the brutal bastards in a five-star hotel,
took them to the zoo and of course the NASA Space Center. Houston we have a problem apparently
never crossed your mind even though the Taliban were perhaps the most repressive fundamental
fundamentalist regime on a planet. If the reverse had happened they were hosting you in Kabul
the entertainment would have been the hanging of women who didn't keep themselves covered from
head to toe. Now that would have been some barbecue huh? After Texas the Taliban dictators
mostly had on over to Washington DC where they met with Carl Indefurth assistant secretary
state for South Asian affairs then they went to Omaha where the University of Nebraska eventually
created a special training program for Afghanis to teach them how to build pipelines all paid for
by your friends at Unicael. During one of their visits there in May of 98 two Taliban members this
time in the U.S. sponsored by Clinton State Department took in some more sites including the
Badlands National Park the Crazy Horse Memorial Gerald Ford's birthplace and Mount Rushmore.
Yes it was an amazing amount of hospitality a fine example of American goodwill in our big
generous hearts or our love of money and cheap energy heck if the prices right will give anybody
a chance. As you know in the former Soviet republics east of the Caspian Sea there are hundreds
of billions of dollars worth of natural gas and we're just waiting to be tapped. Everyone was
trying to get it in on the Russian the U.S. government was more than eager to help them.
Even President Clinton was all for the idea of the Unicael pipeline. The trick to getting our hands
at all this booty was invading the Russians to it and we had to fight away to access it without
having to build a pipeline through hostile Iran. So while Unicael came up with the idea of running
a pipeline through Afghanistan and Ron had been working on their own plan to bring gas from Turk
Minestan and pipe it under the Caspian Sea into Turkey. The U.S. government actually paid for
Enron's feasibility study Enron was so busy with neighboring U.S. Beckerstan where was trying
to strike deals to develop natural gas fields there. In late 1996 Unicael had begun looking into
U.S. Beckerstan and its pipeline deal heading through Afghanistan into Pakistan. And then you
Mr. Bush decided to get in on the action. You met personally with his Beckerstan's ambassador
on behalf of Enron. Enron chairman Ken Lay ended letter to you in prior to the meeting with
this little bon mot. I know you an ambassador's software will have a productive meeting which will
result in a friendship between Texas and Uzbekistan sincerely Ken. What role exactly did you play
in the Unicael meetings with the Taliban? I'm guessing you knew that the leaders of a foreign
country were visiting your state and meeting with people who were donors to your campaign.
So why exactly were brutal dictators being winded and dying in your state when you seem to be so
against brutal dictators? Of course to be fair you weren't the only one trying to help others make
a buck from what is believed to be the world's last vast untapped reserves of oil and gas.
There was the Clinton White House, Henry Kissinger and another former secretary of state Alexander
Hague, all of them willing to lend a hand. And of course there was Dick Cheney.
Cheney was then the CEO of the Joint Oil Services Company, Halliburton. When not building
jails in Guantanamo Bay, ignoring massive human rights violations in order to do business with
Burma and working deals with Libya, Iran and Sodom Hussein, Iraq, which Halliburton did happily
in the 90s, Halliburton built and still builds oil and gas pipelines. In 1998 your future co-present
Mr. Cheney had this to say about the situation in that part of the world. I can't think of a time when
we've had a region emerge as suddenly to become as strategically significant as the Caspian.
It's almost as if the opportunities have arisen overnight. And in a talk to the Kato Institute
the same year he revealed this information about Halliburton, about 70 to 75 percent of our
businesses energy-related, serving customers like Unical, Exxon, Shell, Shervin and many other
major world companies around the world. As a result we often times find ourselves operating
in some very difficult places. The good Lord didn't see fit to put oil and gas only whether a
democratically elected regime is friendly to the U.S., occasionally we have to operate in places
where all things considered we would normally not choose to go but we go where the business is.
Yes there certainly was business in Afghanistan. After the Soviets were repelled the in their
occupation of the Afghanistan by U.S. back Mujahideen fighters like Osama bin Laden, the U.S.
quickly forgot about Afghanistan and let chaos take over. The country plunged in the Civil War
when the Taliban rose to power in the mid 90s they were met with absolute glee in Washington.
Initially the Taliban were thought to be following the U.S. approved Saudi-Rabid model of good
government strong-handed oppression while giving the rest of the West what it needed. This made
them a country we could play ball with. Quickly however their murderous ways came delight in American
political leaders began to back off but not the oil companies Unical stuck it out and plunged
on with their pipeline deal with the Taliban teaming up with Saudi-owned Delta oil. Delta is headed
by a man named Muhammad Hussein Al-Ahmudi who has been investigated for ties to Osama
bin Laden. It didn't seem to bother either party that Osama bin Laden taken a president
to Afghanistan with the Taliban's blessing in 1996 the same year he first called for his
holy war against the United States. That kill all the Americans Gihad talked in by the
your close friends at Enron either. In addition to their plan to pipe the Kaspian's natural gas
all the way to the Mediterranean, Ken Lee and his associates were also hard to work on another
great scam. They were building a giant natural gas-powered energy plant in double-India,
the double plant like everything else Enron cooked up including your campaign was a titanic ripoff
and who better to screw the than the indigent people who better to screw the
indigent people of India than the same company who screwed its own American employees and
customers Enron. But George I'm curious about something else here can you tell me if it was
Jessica Winston's that Enron and Unical were in the same region one building a natural gas
power plant and the other building in the natural gas pipeline would there something else going
on here? See this is how it looks to me and please George feel free to tell me if I'm wrong. Unical
would pay off the Taliban to build their pipeline through Afghanistan in the Pakistan.
They were then planning to build an extension on that pipeline that would run into Indian stop at
New Delhi. About the same time Enron was planning to build a pipeline from double-old to New Delhi,
where of course it could meet up with the Turkmen pipeline bringing Unical and Enron together.
An alternate Unical plan had the pipeline terminating at the Arabian Sea in Pakistan where the
gas could be exported. Enron's double-hole plant would have been a quick tanker right away.
But that was some of blue up to American embassies in Africa and that was enough for President
Clinton to decide he no longer wanted anything to do with Afghanistan. He responded to
been loved by firing missiles into a Sudanese aspirin factory and a deserted al-Qaeda training
camp in Afghanistan. I guess one thing you and every other business student learned in school is
that once your country bombs the country you're trying to do business with the deal is pretty much
off. So two days later Unical suspended their involvement with the Taliban to build the pipeline
in Afghanistan and pulled out of the deal completely three months later. Suddenly the Taliban
were out billions of dollars. Money they desperately needed to fund their regime and protect
bin Laden. I'm not certain but I would guess Mr. Bush that the Taliban were mighty pissed off at
Unical and the Americans for going back on such a lucrative deal. One thing I do know about these
crazy Taliban they hold some mean grudges. But one thing was clear to your friends at Enron
and Unical and Halibut and Mr. Bush the Taliban and Osama and bin Laden really screwed up business
with these two terrorist acts and Clinton shut the deal down. So as long as the Taliban were
giving a home to Osama that pipeline would never be built. What would be the solution?
A new president wouldn't hurt. Let me do the break. Just a couple of pages more to go and
then enough of the reading. You know I'm saying too much freaking reading. No. I agree. I agree with
your response. No. 22 till 1 at 560 WQ I'm happy birthday to me. I'm giving myself a birthday
president. Maybe some of the people in the audience with an IQ larger than a pinball. Was it?
Here's some big news for you. I'm from our good friends Joe Prieto and Tom Lehman at Halibut
EXGMC. They've been just voted number one party EXGMC. Dealer, indeed, county and customer
satisfaction. They want to thank all their loyal customers for their support over 35 plus years
now. They've been in the same location doing it right. Right now stop by Halibut and check out
the party. Ag vibe normally retails for over 20 grand. But you can buy it right now fully loaded
for just 16 5 plus tax and tag at Halibut EXGMC. Halibut truck headquarters with over 300 to
choose from including the Yukon and Yukon something and come and soon the new envoy XUV the most
unique SUV on a market. And of course is always their great Neal deals waiting for it today.
Tomorrow next so because every day at Halibut EXGMC 13401 South Texas you highway their legendary
location on US 1 across from the falls open every day 7 days a week. If you want more information
called the Neal Rogers Neal deal hotline tool for E 1.885 34412. That's 1.885 34412. Keep in mind
all offers subject to credit approval see the folks at Halibut details they'll explain it to you.
Halibut EXGMC unlike the QM sales department they are professional graders.
Oh my god.
We have a yellow line.
We have a yellow line.
A big line.
Every content.
24385 60 WQM.
So if you want to do something nice on my birthday instead of calling saying happy birthday
Neal or crappy birthday or just being a smart ass go to Neal Rogers dot com and after
cruising voting on a pool and cruising all the stories punch up the abandoned pair rescue
thing there and get some of our best Neal merchandise and that a good idea as a birthday gift
and exchange for all the work I'm doing here on my birthday I could have just come in here and
say for for happy birthday Neal.
That's boring.
Well it happens every year it's boring and of course it's a lot of people well-meaning people
who have nothing else to say that nobody wants to hear that.
Speaking of the best of our van hit tomorrow is that the mobile gas station in the south east
corner Sheridan 995 11 to one with lovely Miguel and all of our best of merchandise including
our new 2,000 2,000 3 Neal Rogers best of CD and the more hard David the key chains and
whatever other crap we got to love it and one tomorrow on the and that'll be good time
to pick up some stuff and at that point you can say hey I'll be sure tell me on happy
birthday or off yours that one.
Get back to getting back to Michael Moore I think I'd have backup just for the continuity
of this.
Just a couple of senses.
One thing was clear to your friends at Enron and Unicael and Halliburton Mr. Bush the
Taliban and Osama bin Laden really screwed business up with these two terrorist acts and
Clinton shut the deal down.
So as long as the Taliban were around giving a home to Osama that pipeline would never
be built what would be the solution a new president wouldn't hurt.
Clinton was never going to let Unicael Halliburton and Enron be in business with these terrorists
so Enron became one of the biggest contributors to your campaign to one seat the Clinton
Gore Axis.
Cheney hired to pick your vice president ended up picking himself.
Then he picked a bunch of your dad's friends for the other top spots and you said okay,
then you got appointed president by the Supreme Court and then you were in an office a month
when the Taliban came in Akhan on your door.
They still wanted those billions from the pipeline deal.
Six days after Cheney set up his secret energy task force the London Times reported that
the Taliban were offering to work out a deal with a new administration that would have
involved kicking Osama out of Afghanistan and had this conveyed to you.
Everyone was looking for a little quid pro quo and it just so happened that you'd installed
Zalme Khalazakh Khalilzad a former Unicael consultant in your administration.
Khalilzad now a member of Condoleezza Rises National Security Council had attended the
dinner for the Taliban during the Unicael meetings in Texas.
In October of 1996 he had told Time Magazine that the Taliban are not into exporting revolution
nor are they hostile to the U.S.
To sweeten the pot the Taliban had recently joined America's war on drugs.
As Afghanistan was responsible for 75% of the world's poppy crop, the prime ingredient
of heroin, this was good news to you.
The Taliban banned all poppy cultivation after an international delegation traveled to
the country and declared it poppy free.
You wasted no time in granting $43 million in humanitarian aid to the ravaged country.
The aid was to be distributed by international organizations.
This is the kind of aid that our government is almost always refuse to give to places like
Cuba and a host of other countries in the past, but suddenly the Taliban were okay.
Of course the Taliban still had huge stockpiles of heroin sitting around in warehouses which
they continued to sell.
If you're pretty much controlled the market for an in demand substance and then you drastically
cut the availability of that product, even a failed businessman like you George could
see what would happen, prices go up, up, up.
As foreign policy and focus has reported that men a kilo of heroin went from $44 to $700
and that's all pure profit in your evil freedom-hating pocket if you're the Taliban.
According to various reports representatives of your administration met with the Taliban
or conveyed messages to them during the summer of 2001.
What were those messages Mr. Bush?
We're discussing the offer to hand over bin Laden?
Were you threatening them with use of force?
Were you talking to them about a pipeline?
Did you and your administration as one former CIA operative suggested the Washington Post
follow up a chance to get bin Laden into American custody?
Whatever the case the talks continued until just days before 9-11.
There would be no pipeline.
The Taliban were out the loot and the companies who supported you and now lost millions
themselves on all that prep that went into this lucrative pipeline.
What was going to happen next?
Well we know what happened.
Two planes took down the World Trade Center and other one crashed into Pentagon.
A fourth plane went down in Pennsylvania.
And you decided to protect our freedom by taking some of our freedoms away.
Then we swooped into Afghanistan and sent the Taliban and their al-Qaeda buddies running,
which was a hell of a lot easier than catching them, most of the big shots escaped.
On, we turned Afghanistan over to Unicale.
The new American ambassador to Afghanistan, Unicale consult the National Security Council
member, Zalme Khalilzad.
And the newly American install leader of Afghanistan, former Unicale staffer, Hamid Karzai.
On December 27, 2001, Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, and Pakistan signed a pipeline deal.
The gas will eventually throw from the Kaspian Sea region and all your friends will be happy.
Something doesn't smell right here, Mr. Bush, but it can't be the natural gas.
Natural gas is odorless.
And finally, question number seven at Michael Moore would like to ask George W. Bush?
What exactly was that look on your face in the Florida classroom on a morning of September
11th when your chief of staff told you America is under attack?
On the afternoon of September 10th, he flew down to Florida, staying in an upscale Sarasota
resort, you had dinner with your brother, Javan, and then went to sleep.
In the morning, you took a jog on a golf course and then headed to the Booker Elementary
to read a little to read to little children.
You left the resort between 8.30 and 8.40 a.m., a good 10 to 20 minutes after the FAA knew
they had hijacked planes in the air.
No one bothered to tell you.
You arrived at the school after the first plane to hit the North Tower in New York City.
Three months later, you told a third grader at a town hall meeting in Orlando that you
were sitting outside the classroom waiting to go in and I saw an airplane hit the tower.
The TV was obviously on and I used to fly myself and I said, well, there's one terrible
pilot.
I said, it must have been a horrible accident, but I was whisked off there.
I didn't have much time to think about it.
You repeated the same story a month later at another town hall gathering in California.
The only problem with this story is that you didn't see the first plane hit the tower.
No one saw it live on TV as the tape was neared until the next day, but that's okay.
We were all confused that morning.
You entered the classroom around 9.00 a.m. and the second plane hit the South Tower at 9.03
a.m.
Just a few minutes later, as you were sitting in front of the classic kids listening to
them read, your chief of staff and your card entered the room and whispered in your ear.
Card apparently was telling you about the second plane and the part about us being under
attack.
And it was at that very moment that your face went into distant glaze, not quite a blank
look, but when it seemed partially paralyzed.
No emotion was shown.
And then you just sat there.
You sat there for another seven minutes or so doing nothing.
It was to say the least weird, creepy.
You just stayed there in your little kids' chair and listen to children read, listening
peacefully for five or six minutes.
You didn't look worried, you didn't excuse yourself, you weren't right from the room
by your advisors or the secret service.
George, what were you thinking?
What was going inside your head?
What did that look on your face mean?
If all the questions I've asked you, this is the one that has me totally stumped.
Were you thinking you should have taken reports the CIA had given you the month before
more seriously?
You'd been told Al Qaeda was planning attacks in the United States and that planes would
possibly be used.
There had been previous intelligence reports talking about Qaeda's interest in attacking
the Pentagon.
Were you saying to yourself at that moment, well, thank God they didn't fly into the Pentagon?
Or were you just scared schmittless?
It's okay if you were, we all were.
Nothing wrong with that.
Except you've taken on the mantle of Commander-in-Chief and that means you have to command when we're
under attack, not just it froze in a chair.
Or maybe you were just thinking, I didn't want this job in the first place.
This was supposed to be Jed's job.
He was a chosen one.
Why me?
Why me, daddy?
Hey, we understand and we don't blame you.
You look like a lost puppy you just wanted to go home.
Suddenly, this was not the party you thought it would be and you were no longer the CEO
present.
You were now expected to be the warrior present.
And we know what happened the last time you were expected to perform in a military uniform.
Or maybe just maybe we're sitting there in that classroom chair thinking about your Saudi friends,
both the Rawls and the Bin Laden's.
Perhaps you knew all too well that they might have been up to no good.
Would questions be asked?
Would suspicions arise?
Would the Democrats have the guts to dig into your family's past with these people?
No, don't worry, no chance of that.
Would the truth ever come out?
Within the hour you want to play, not back to Washington DC to lead the nation's defense
and comforter frighten citizenry, not even to a nearby McDeal Air Force base in Tampa
where the Army Central Command is located?
No, you ran.
First Louisiana, then halfway across the country to Nebraska to go in a hiding underground.
How reassuring that was for the rest of us.
For weeks afterward, you and your people pushed the phony's story that was for your own safety
because you yourself were the intended target of Al Qaeda.
Of course, the problem with that story is that any dunderhead knew that if hijacked planes
have been used as missiles, the last place you want to be is up there flying around in
the air and a big target called Air Force One.
Maybe someday we'll learn what that was all about.
To me and millions of others had just looked chicken Schmidt.
And I guess by late afternoon you figured it looked like that too and you knew you'd
better high-tail it back to the White House where you could look presidential.
From the moment your chopper landed on the soft lawn that evening, your presidency was
something no one would or should quite dare question again.
Two nights later, according to a New Yorker article written by Elsa Walls, you went out
on the true embalcaning of the White House to relax and smoke a cigar.
It had been a horrific 48 hours and you needed to wind down.
In that private moment you asked one close friend to join you.
As he came in the White House, the two of you embraced and then you took him out to the
balcony where he had a drink that you offered him.
The two of you then lit up cigars and stared out across the ellipse toward the Washington
monument.
You told him that if we can't get them, any Al Qaeda operatives who may have been
involved in the tactical operate, we'll hand them over to you.
It was an offer that I'm sure he appreciated after all he was your good friend Bondar
Bush, the prince from Saudi Arabia.
As the smoke from the ashes still billowed through the air over Mainhattan in Arlington, the
smoke from the Saudi princess cigar walked into the bombing night air of Washington DC with
you, George W. Bush, by his side.
There are my seven questions, Mr. Bush.
Seven questions that I believe you should answer.
The 3,000 dead in their surviving loved ones deserve no less and a nation of millions
as soon or later going to want to know the truth and demand you come clean or leave.
That's what I'm reading.
That's chapter one.
Speaking of or leave.
Yeah.
Look at that.
We're over 64 percent who think it's time for George W. to be leaving, whether he wants
to or not.
Here's our poll question today.
What's your take on the Iraq war?
A lot of votes.
Five seventy seven.
George W. Bush should be impeached three hundred and seventy sixty four point one percent
almost two turds of this audience say you ought to be impeached, Mr. Bush, and they're
right.
Let's stay the course in Iraq.
It'll take time eighty seven fifteen percent.
I want the troops to come home seventy one.
We need to send more troops for security twenty four.
Rumsfeld should be fired fifteen.
I don't care about any of it.
Ten hurricane fans.
Ten idiots.
What do you like that?
We're actually going to get through this entire show without a single phone call.
Oh, it's like all times again.
You know, well, no, that was my birthday present to myself.
And I just fell into a bucket of crap.
But at CBC show, if you're too late, I'm almost tempted to play that damn thing again.
You know, it's good.
You got to be a bit of a big bit.
No, fine by me.
No, that's a bad.
I don't have time.
I don't think I think it's too long.
That would be bad to cut a short.
I'll play it again someday.
I'll let you know in advance.
All right.
But anyway, where's that information on the, uh, what the thing?
The website?
She's going to be sick.
CBC dot C a slash fifth FIFT H fifth.
And when you go on there, you can see all about that show last night.
What goes in the conspiracy theories?
Yes.
I can't believe I know I didn't shmit can.
It's in the, I've got a pile here, man.
I got piles.
And anyway, just go to CBC dot C a slash fifth.
Great documentary last night.
The Saudis, the Bin Laden's, the Bush family, the Carlton group, all of these things, the
Carlisle group.
I said, Carlton, that's a cigarette.
And you know, I keep thinking back to Paddy Chayevsky, who is, you know, is one of my favorite
people in a movie network, which is also one of my favorite movies.
And I keep thinking of that scene there with Howard Beale and the Saudi deal.
Remember that's right.
We want the CCA deal.
Stop now that whole thing.
Remember?
Mm-hmm.
About how the Saudis had all more behind the own CCA and a whole deal.
Fair.
And that was I think 1970.
What was it?
Three, six and like that.
In the 70s.
One of the geniuses of our time, Paddy Chayevsky, Weston, peace, man, what a freaking genius.
And one of the most important movies ever made, even most people ain't seen it, network.
256 at 560 WQM, hey, if you're really in a crappy job, go in no place.
If your life is like on a treadmill, your feet are moving real fast and hard, but you're
like a standing in place.
If you're underpaid overworked and treated like crap and your paycheck isn't even
worth talking about, how'd you like to get yourself a new high paying career without
spending four years on college?
If this sounds like your situation, here's the solution for you.
Call Todd Rex, good buddies at Fast Train.
You think if they were his good buddies, he'd treat him a little bit better when you're
but he won't, because he's lazy.
Anyway, don't be lazy.
Just make the one easy call to Fast Train, toll free at 1-866, Fast Train.
Fast Train can have your train insertified for a great high paying computer never professional
career or high paying medical computer specialist career and is little as four easy simple months.
That's right, you heard correct.
In just four months, you can be fully trained and ready for a new career and a big fat paycheck
that goes along with it and who doesn't want a big fat one.
Fast Train offers day and evening and weekend classes, they offer you a job placement assistance
and financial aid for guys who qualify too.
And Fast Train, as I keep telling you, has got four soft load locations so no matter
where you live, there's bound to be one close by and nearby you, no matter how lazy you
are.
So call Fast Train today.
Make the decision that once and for all you're going to change your life, get out of
your dead and crappy job and start having a career, some skills and a real big fat paycheck.
Check them out on the web if you like it.
Fast Train.com.
And when you make the call, be sure to mention the Todd Dreck, tour to the call.
It's always good for a few yucks over there at Fast Train.
Here's a number to call toll free 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
This is 420-560-2AM.
We've got to start for real.
And when I'm up in Boca-Tiga, slapping old women with painted lips around the pole,
I listen to the Neil Rogers one and two.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers Aaron Balance one and two hours.
We meet again if we don't wind up down from the push-part till they left us all
this way.
We both end to lines of code.
It was our doom as the bombs drop from the stars from far away.
Maybe we should have painted tension a little bit more to the fats we chose to ignore.
The price of characteristic long, but I'm afraid that the line won't be very long.
We meet again with a hold that my bear.
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
We meet again if we don't wind up down from the push-part till they left us all this way.
We will meet again with a hold that my bear.
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
Man, I miss those days.
Cause life in my white house share was sweet.
I'd sign important documents with my feet.
There was always something tasty to eat when I was the president.
I'd get to the office by eight or nine.
I'd open up a bottle of zimp and they'll wind.
Unzimp that big old fly-in mind when I was the president.
Then maybe get a baby and play just a little intern in the office.
Time for a little, maybe get two and lay in the middle when I was the president.
Stand on my best like old King Kong wiggle in the tree and my thing don't.
Maybe take a hit from my water bomb when I was the president.
All right.
A long comes out the pretty young thing out pops the Clinton dangling.
Life is good when you're the king.
I miss being president.
Miss riding in the limo check and other ladies long gone hair and convertible Mercedes.
Had a bigger black book than war and made his when I was the president.
I'm out.
Are you sure?
She let's out of the game go.
When he makes it we go.
Money is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Well, he don't know where a stoke goes.
I can see how there was some confusion between humor door and human horror.
And then Arkansas the term cedar box means saw her naked stars.
Report can lead to go in blind.
Now Clinton he was working hard late nights in the over re office working on a practical joke.
He took a mac and noodle for the next floating load in for Monica was blowing rings a smoke.
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China.
She let's out of get go every time he makes it we go.
Money is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Well, people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was moaning.
More and our door was doing her with bills old bomb.
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China.
She let's out of get go every friggin time he makes it we go.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind.
Oh, candy is a secret.
Yeah, does master is faster.
Oh, yeah.
Her vagina what she got to do is take a tip or reload.
And put it in a drown.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, now, now, now, now.
Absolutely.
Can stars in that hole who doesn't know when to quit?
In everyone's minds where wondering who's the saddest who?
Oh, cause it really doesn't matter if Bill gets off tonight.
When it's the Christian night, really though.
Hate the job it never dies and get the hell out of our lives.
Just go away and leave us all alone.
Can stars in that hole who don't know when to quit?
In everyone's minds where wondering who's the saddest who?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Let's go.
I'm good.
Good.
I stumble and I fumble just to talk is really hard.
Without pre-written notes from Car over Andrew Card.
My brain is made of new dew.
But that don't seem to bug you.
Has no opposition and you have no opinion.
It's supposed pretty high.
How about raised by the sudden wave of white collar crime?
Unless, of course, the CEO's are old friends of mine.
That's as little as I'm a girl.
Not every flasher he's a home home.
The Saudis they attacked us but who don't give a crap in teamwork?
Just care of friendship.
Rest assured we're in pursuit of evil jurors every day.
Just like those drug lords being pursued by OJ.
You don't care what I'm doing.
And I thought I was stupid.
The media controls you.
You do what you told the team was.
If you didn't see it on TV it ain't real.
The media isn't our control with stars they're a spinning.
No matter what goes wrong.
It will just blame it all on Clinton.
Team Bush.
I don't have the winchers going down.
Come on a higher ball ground.
Is that how you wouldn't know how?
He's a moral grounder and a bug founder team.
Pau pau pau pau blue.
Stained dress.
And some in formation.
All wrapped up nights for Kenny's star.
This air is evident.
We'll be kept salvation.
Maltral proud in protecting us from illegal blowjob.
All right.
Joe the God he would be proud on how Kenny shakes him down.
He owes a lot to tail gunner Joe.
Who was a drunk and a flaming homo.
Stained dress.
And some in formation.
Maltral proud.
All right.
Maxie Kenny star.
Come on.
Do I stick in a plane in Hummus?
I've seen this footage.
It's got a real tribute to herself on her website there.
With a picture and a whole thing that silly picture with that goofy hand cover on his gigantic ball spot.
Tis birthday too.
No, it's just a big tribute to himself because of that fact that the Chi was the first one at CBS Storyman.
CBS Schmidt can't enter Reagan miniseries because Viacom wants all the goodies.
They don't want to get him and take it away.
They want to slap on the wrist from the right wing.
Nice going miss.
But see, at least David Brock had the balls to do two things.
Number one, come out of the closet.
And number two, say to the right wing, you've used me enough audio.
I just mentioned that in passing.
There might be a bullet coming here.
Look at that.
What's your take on the war in Iraq?
64.7%.
We have 612 vote.
A lot of votes.
George W. Bush would be in Pete's 64.7%.
Say, yeah.
396.
Let's say the course it'll take time.
92.
I want the troops to come home to 73.
We need to send more troops for security 26.
Romas Fels should be fired 15.
And I don't care about any of it.
10.
And how about them?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, you know one of the best kept South Florida dining secrets is right in
Korol Springs, right smack in front of your poofs.
The goldcosee who drilled a celebrated their one year anniversary and received three
and a half stars.
From the most prestigious, uncentual, showtime dining review, the goldcosee who
drilled George says it's so good it's almost of seen as specialities that include mango plum salmon.
I'm encrusted.
Mahi Mahi.
Orange Honeygley stebas.
and Craven Shrimp Stuffed Shop.
Did Scott Gay and the Fu went to Kim and?
Yes, he did.
And he said it was pretty damn good too.
Yes, I did.
And the best part about it, he liked the price as well.
There's an incredible bar atmosphere
at Gold Coast Seafood Grill, including unbelievably big
big martinis that happy our only five and a half bucks
from four to seven PM, seven days a week a gigantic
wine and martini list.
And you'll find the Gold Coast Seafood Grill
and Coral Springs, 2752 North University Drive
inside the beautiful Walk Shopping Center,
the Gold Coast Seafood Grill,
where I guarantee you'll find great seafood and great prices too.
and Coral Springs, 2752 North University Drive
inside the prestigious Walk Shopping Center,
the Gold Coast Seafood Grill, where I guarantee
you'll find great seafood and great prices too.
Slide in local.
Here's sports radio 560,
she's doing UAM.
Puff the mouth!
She's a perfect match in you
who likes to flash her pants in you
when she don't have those on you.
She's hanging like the straw me on right
pink ultra-srancid snap
in culture's rams in snatch
imagine what you can catch
from in culture's snatch
gonna be upon you
scratches with a brush
you've thanked her all though
and Bill Marbott you'll never get
crushed in culture's rams in snatch
in culture's rams in snatch
a swirling pool of crap
in culture's rams in snatch
using function moisture
making out her place
walking with the billed oak
firmly and inside of her
but in culture's rams in snatch
racco
in culture's rams in snatch
the one to know what it can hatch
in culture's snatch
airy is a very antice
gonna get married
airy is a very antice
gonna get married
still hating homo
so least
gonna get married
homo has to go burrito
he's a queer
or a wolf
named in proven
nothing weird
letting his shoes
fall down
confused
still hating you
who wears panties
all the need is to
marry the
neoconfary's toys
gotta get married
but there's a very antice
gonna get married
still hating homo
now he's gotta get married
he's both scared of the white house
homo
he's a fan
a fat-goody schmuck
with a low up-down
of young-ish girls
that's what he's told for
that's what he brought home
and he never
is food on a roll
he's a sweet, milicting fairy's toy
gotta get married
airy is a very antice
gonna get married
still hating homo
has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
homo has to go burrito
I have to buy a Cadillac, I'll take a stinkin' coat of wool.
I wish I had my money back, but don't do much good sounding food.
Those raccoons have the tug of a quay, those greedy shallers fall.
I could deal with the boy I love, and now we're getting rough.
Look at these dead prices!
Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails, Fogs and snails
Farging and Pirating and Pirating and Pirating...
ulation
hey
there
Liu
What
Oh, right.
Your W is getting brighter, you.
It's having it in doing so it's way over too much.
But the dumb, the dumb, the dumb, the dumb, the dumb.
The dumb is an a-hole.
Let's turn them into charcoal.
The dumb, the dumb, the dumb, the dumb, the dumb, the dumb.
I wanna buy all of that water from a young neighbour.
I wanna buy all of that water from separated into eighteen,
then I will sell it, then I will sell it.
I wanna use this water to shut up
Should a time of heart go to death, you better run, sisters.
You go on over, sisters.
We will not tire, we will not fault her, and we will not fail.
Want it, dead or alive?
All I can tell you is, is that a summer benlon is a prime suspect.
America wants to be brought to justice.
That's what we want.
We will find those who attack our country, and we will hold them accountable,
the men and women who wear a uniform.
Both activity and reservists and national guard people are ready to respond to the call
of the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary of Defense.
Make no mistake about it.
I want justice to get them running and to find them and to hunt them down.
The warrant to smoke them out, the U.S. military, is ready to defend freedom at any cost.
I used to put out there an old west.
I wanted coachers, and wanted dead or alive.
This is a fight to say to the freedom-loving people of the world.
We will not allow ourselves to be terrorized.
Whether we bring our enemies to justice, or bring justice to your enemies, justice will be done.
The entire world has seen for itself the state of our union, and it is strong.
Make no mistake about it.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
I want to know what you are saying.
Are you ready to ride?
Alright.
And now we are going and see.
Yeah.
Do that.
Okay.
They're on the land, but a good sign They search in every wall
Or tell a band on the run, tell a band on the run
Hell the palm hit fallen, you'll beckons of blood
The gang you crunkled down In the town for searching for the mid-reware
And those lucky-laden smells, tell a band on the run
Or tell a band on the run, they're on the land for a good sign
They search in every wall Or tell a band on the run
Tell a band on the run, tell a band on the run
Hell the palm hit fallen, you'll beckons of blood
Oh my god
The government says be proofy and I'm scared
This ain't not give but when now
Not specific, threat to the joy
Yeah, I think there are hopes they could give me a stroll
I think that I just will ignore it, yeah, live my life
Enjoy the ride in my life
I can't advise terrorists to make it single
I'm a fool, I'm a fool
Hello suckers
My name is Colamba, I got off the plane
After shopping in France to kiss your money away
I bought designer clothes, expensive bubbles and jewels
And you in a fancy dueting, haxy-sue
I tried very hard to smuggle
And they wouldn't let me buy
But I did not get in trouble
Cause I did governor's wife
Yeah, some ghetto media players
Was to live up my life with special favors
After all my husband brother
Will soon be your big tater
I like the red disability, I buy anything I need and just one thing more
I'll be darkness in family values
When I get the spark from the storm
He's got to get that ain't too bad
Same occupation as dad once had
Closes his eyes when he counts to ten
Helps him to remember all of them
Like the bush we had before
He's got the same name on the oval office door
She's in there thinking unlike Clinton
I don't make this country wonderful
When George W. We like his dad
When he quarters it more to bomb back death
There's a dumb one to another fight
It might scare George and make him want to cry
Cause his eyes when he goes spread in dreams
Of the recount make him smile
Don't feel better when you hear him say
She would say we'll be wonderful someday
He might promise us everything that don't mean spittle
And he's got to change me
To blame if something goes wrong
Once the press gets to him he'll realize
We and president ain't so wonderful man
We and president ain't so wonderful man
Come...
Alright
He had a stint, eat up and win!
They put one back in, does his heart is old.
Absolutely!
The doctor called me a hearted fan.
But now we really know his heart is old!
It don't matter what we're told.
Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old.
Oh, great.
Opened on its flow.
He makes decisions.
He has the vision.
He has the country under his control.
While push is jogging, Dick's face is vlogging.
And that's what happens when your heart is old.
And it's full of holes.
Yeah, Dick Cheney's got a heart that's old.
And it's gonna blow.
He'll keep on working till as hard as cold.
He'll keep pretending that is hard, ain't old.
But it's really old.
Another Dick in the White House.
22 till 2 at 560 W.Q. We got the Mad Dog sitting by.
And we got the Humper at 4.
Panther preview at 7 o'clock tonight.
Any interest?
L.A. King's in the Macarena.
Scott will be there.
I sure will.
We'll split some free tickets.
Now these are my tickets you use in or these are some other ones.
No, no, your tickets.
Oh, good. Good seats.
And then you got the Panthers in the King's 730.
The big after the hockey game, because we know nobody listens to the hockey game anyway.
So why bring Indian, you know?
And enjoy Mark overnight.
What?
I'll tell everybody the final score.
Tell me up.
678 votes.
Look at that number, George.
We're two thirds of the way toward, you know what?
What?
We got 4444.
Yeah.
Maybe it was Omega.
It was the Antichrist.
Maybe it was.
Oh, no.
What's your take on the Iraq War?
4444, say George W. Bush would be impeached at 65.4% out of 678.
4444, two thirds of the way toward.
Let's say, of course, it'll take time 98.
I want the troops to come home 81.
We need to do a certain more troops for security 27.
Romanceville should be fired 16 at far bison.
And I don't care about any of it a dozen.
The dirty dozen from the Harkoon team.
You know, I want to tell you right now.
And I know this from personal experience for many, many years.
Dieters fail.
We try this one.
We try that one.
What's the lose except that dangerous nasty ugly weight?
That's the deal.
Cause fat kills man.
They know mistake about it.
The beast gave it his best shot.
I'm not going to knock the beast too much because he gave us a nice check for a band of pep rescue.
He gave it a shot.
He's still fat.
Although he did lose over 50 pounds of balance for life.
You can do it, baby.
If you've tried all the others in your frustrated because they're too complicated
because they're too tasteless because the food is like prefabricated.
Whatever the reasons.
This could be the answer you're looking for to your dietary problems.
Balance for life.
No cooking.
No shopping.
No cleaning.
No worries.
No carbohydrate counting.
No counting.
All you do is reach outside the door.
And that's it because every morning by 6 a.m., balance for life delivers right here.
Door at your home, your orifice at the warehouse wherever you're hanging out.
A little black sack.
And that's the key.
The secret is right inside there.
All the food you need for the day is in here.
And you won't go hungry on this program.
Three delicious gourmet meals made with the freshest, the best ingredients.
Nothing prefab, nothing frozen.
No artificial ingredients of any kind.
And two delicious snacks.
It's right in there in your little black sack.
The only choice you have to make is filling out your menu every week.
They give you two choices for each meal every day that's around a program.
In fact, they're the only company that gives you a choice for every meal and every snack.
So if you're sick and tired of being overweight, out of shape, lethargic, diabetic run, a verge of it.
Have no energy whatsoever.
Have no clothes to wear.
We're in pup 10s, so on things together.
Here could be the answer you've been searching for.
Give it a shot.
You got nothing loose but that dangerous ugly fat balance for life.
Call them today at 9.54.
5.68.32.29.
You'll start seeing results on that scale within days.
9.54.56.8.32.29.
Or visit their most prestigious website at balanceforlife.com.
That's my life and look all this is for real high sick you.
You ain't a UAM.
Back in the day when someone was wrong, we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, when the jabs dropped their bombs, we bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cars, our little flags wave.
Has that Saunil of an recharge?
Voice of bombers the wrong way.
Oi, and oven barons to be in Americans, where they follow books like sheeps.
The United States of arrogance, and by push and its families, breathing under the country.
A family torched the legislation our history.
I don't want to be a tax America in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the mess.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that obviously, and afford to leave.
The blue and oven barons to be in America, where we paint triadically.
Where the flag it would have, with our head in the sand, it blindly follow the powers that we have authentic.
A washing stage for news on a 65 inch screen.
Scratcher balls and fine, everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Don't push America.
You can sit and watch the TV with the finger up there for a while.
Why cook to know? Why cook to know what Christians do for fun?
We've filed a limit for it.
While fondling their nuts, whoa, why cook to know?
Why cook to know when Christians do for fun?
Post a blanket facing from the factory gate.
It's hailing back the macaroni and cheese.
Cut holes in the bed, keep justice, case they reproduce.
Badgers about all their allowed to dream.
Why cook to know? Why cook to know?
Do they get us whole and cut it?
While meaning out their guns?
Why cook to know? Why cook to know?
What Christians do for fun?
Do they college have the fish?
I'm telling you to think truck, whoa, why cook to know?
Why cook to know? What Christians do for fun?
See that standing heat and sit back down again and chew.
And watch it all down with the twelfth pack of fruit.
Live a life of boredom up to heaven, you'll go.
God only smiles upon falling at home.
I love to know, why cook to know?
Why cook to know?
They have love to know, why cook to know?
Why cook to know?
I love to know, why cook to know?
One, two, three, four, five,
Come on over honey now.
Come and take a drive to my big house in Chapacua.
We can both get juice and maybe a little Panama.
My wife is on business.
She's out for a week.
I'm like a kid in a candy store.
It's time to cheat.
I have pretzels, hot dogs, cold beer and pizza.
You remember Little Billy, you're leaning, Tarotiza.
It's gonna be a wild time, not my home in New York.
Cause you're neat, darling, cheating, I can sport.
Unzip my drives all good.
Come on over honey now.
Blow on my trumpet.
A little bit of Monica in my god.
A little bit of Monica without my wife.
Now a little bit of Monica is what I see.
When she's our way, that's still a rate.
A little bit of Monica is what I need.
A little bit of Monica, memory.
A little bit of Monica, here I am.
A little bit of you, I'm a happy man.
Wow.
How you doing honey?
This is Bill Clinton, the president of the United States.
And this is my state of the women's dress.
I've known a few girls who thought they were pretty hot.
But Bill, he's here to tell you that girl.
You're not.
They used to wear makeup and rib-o-white pants.
But when they looked at me, they were under my trance.
Whoa.
You think you're special?
Well, I think you're something else.
So Paula Jones, you got a new nose.
That no-man dress me much.
Well, you got the brain.
You thought of you got the touch.
Now don't get me wrong.
Well, I'll plan here all right.
But that won't keep me warm in the mail overnight.
That no-man dress me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Let's make one, shelly.
Ha, ha, ha.
I'd like you to remember this one.
She had a tight ring carder, but she kept on her phone.
And after she ate steak, she would bury the moment.
She got herself some life, all in the tummy tuck.
But she still has ugly as a hock and plug.
Whoa.
Say like she's something special.
Whoa.
She likes she's something else.
So when the trip got some surgery,
that no-man dress me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain.
But if you got the touch,
now don't get me wrong.
Yeah, I'll plan here all right.
But that won't keep me warm in the mail overnight.
Ha, ha, ha.
My no-man dress me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, I forgot everybody.
Oh, yeah, I bought this next one.
A big, choky girl with a purple right.
That damn gap dress nearly for the white.
Well, the secret meetings in my car ignore.
I could have thought we'll chamberlain the hottest car.
Whoa.
Say like she's something else.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That no-man dress me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain.
It's not if you got the touch.
Now don't get me wrong.
Well, I'll plan here all right.
But that won't keep me warm in the mail overnight.
Ha, ha, ha.
My no-man dress me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
I was thinking about the last.
Well, I've tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with catap star.
When she gives birth, I think her arms break.
She'd hatch big old wigs.
And it has too much.
Oh, she thinks she's special.
Oh, I don't know what she thinks she's something else.
So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from New York.
That no-man dress me much.
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, you got the brain.
But if you got the touch.
Now don't get me wrong.
I'll plan here all right.
But that won't keep me warm in the mail overnight.
Ha, ha, ha.
My no-man dress me much.
Ha, ha.
Like you, that is my style in the women's dress.
I love you.
I'm a local.
This is five cities.
The radio's on your side.
You win.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dom at people killed.
With the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescitation and they only won that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks they're talking about.
The right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
That iraq has some weapons of master's destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in London.
But no one seemed concerned all.
Humvee and complacent.
Believe in every word of this partillid administration.
That controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing.
It's drilling it over and over and to our head.
Who had iraq has some weapons of master's destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hawkers, all are saying.
Blind obedience, cattle don't have any reservation.
South of provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old machines must fall in halivert and installed with no objection at all.
Timor cracks don't have the fault and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our brain waspits.
I rag has some weapons of master's destruction.
Only I rag has some weapons of master's destruction.
Bye bye bye.
When you watch your show I'm fighting to a end by any four-month-a-o.
Were you fudge packing?
No doubt about it.
