Neal's teaching me how to count and state my money because I'm gonna need it when QAM does me.
So I'll hook you up with a real good stockbroker, Mitch Hirsch.
Hahaha!
By the way, the Dow is down!
BAPTURED, MAN!
And then ask Dex up one point something.
Thanks.
What the hell we need that third burger runner?
We can sit here and look how they're...
There's my old buddy David Ted today.
Let's start making fun of me when I'm doing my financial update to get my sponsor happy.
I'm not gonna do that right before my short.
It sounds like sabotage.
No, I'm doing it at 9.4.
What that financial stuff did for Rick and I was spud.
I went to the hockey game yesterday.
And then you tell me that the beast has taken you down there and trying to inject you into that whole U.M. cesspool down there.
That's bad.
Yeah.
You don't want to, you don't want to like...
That was sure here today.
We have macaroni grouge going shrimp.
How big you're putting?
We're eating shrimp over here.
I love the macaroni grill and they love me as a matter of fact.
I just don't like that old black sandal guy that gets up on the table with those big shoes.
How about your Italian?
That old man, River, do you ever see that?
How about your boy Fatboy?
Hi, how he hasn't freaking got me in my dial amather shit.
God damn.
Hey, we told him we're on the case but he's just still laying down on the job.
I don't think he's me.
What did he do?
What in George give me the contact so I can go do another deal.
He's laying down when he come right down to it.
He is my contact.
I mean, he's saying something about scalp and Todd Dreck.
I always do I like Ferrell.
He helps his ass.
Yeah, Luanne comes in here every morning and wears a little flash on me.
She wants to do it.
Yeah, they all do.
What's a doggy game?
What's the name of that?
I can't believe any Dave Bree behind you.
Hey, you know I saw last night your buddy Jeff Rivers said hi.
Yeah?
Oh, he saw another one.
Do you know the guy that was at the game?
You and Scott?
Yeah, I was the only one that was shot over the else.
And in turn Brian, who gives Scott great deals on American Airlines.
Don't you love the way they put these things in a box score?
13,274.
If there were 7,000 people there last night, my name is Mohawar David.
Okay, I was pathetic.
What's you doing in your birthday?
There was nobody.
I didn't do crap.
I got sick.
Oh, yeah.
What's the weather like?
It's going to be 46, a little on a murky side over the camp.
What are you doing?
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
OK.
I think your packs ln fiux % saw down da song.
I think your packs ln fiux % saw down da song.
Oh my car I've gone mad.
This is a car I've gone mad.
Oh my car I've gone mad.
For this This is a car I've gone mad.
This is a car I've gone mad.
This is a car I've gone mad.
This is a car I've gone mad.
It's not raining.
It's not raining.
For all of these years you claim to love time cruise
Certainly you must realize we knew it
Honestly it's not that big a shock
If you and Ricky Martin were to do it
It'd be a crock
Oh my god
Oh man
Jesus just let me sit here with my thing hanging out
I don't want to talk about that disgusting bitch
He says if you lie you get cancer
Okay that's what she said
Oh I apologize to her
I apologize
What a disgusting, oh I almost said it
Anyway we had a lot of hopes on the point yesterday
And of course yesterday was my birthday
I'd give myself a little present didn't take any cause
Which was great
And just inundated with faxes
Happy birthday and you know what we have about three
Four
Four
That was a prime we had a card coming I think
Although I think it was like to the wrong address
Yeah so the public is really just as usual in South Florida
Outpouring of emotion and the love and kindness and caring
It's a very warm fuzzy thing
That's how I played the CBC thing yesterday
The 5th of state or whatever the hell that thing is called
What is it called?
Di conspiracy
Yeah and anyway that's why I played it
And of course the Scott and his dad are still trying to figure out what it was
They thought it was a public service announcement
And then read from the Michael Moore book which still know
But nobody cares about any of that
But I did my best and maybe they're like a handful of people out there in the audience
But hey this is pretty damn interesting and we're getting pissed off and parted up about it
And the rest of the people are like
Oh gee when's you going to take some calls
We got to hear some calls
Don't you call me in here's our first call in two days
QAM
Hi man speak to Neil
Speaking
Oh I got to turn it on the radio
Hello Neil I just want to be the first one to say happy birthday yesterday
Okay thanks
Thanks
Are you in Toronto or are you here?
I'm in Buffalo
I'm in Keke, Tawaga
Go Bill
I got right, get up here you'll need it
Okay Drew Blets was a stiff
1466 votes on the point yesterday
What's your take on the Iraq war?
63.2% of our nearly 1500 votes said in peach George W. Bush and I say those people are
Absolutely correct sir
927 when peach is asked
I want the troops by the way two more dead troops I want the troops to come home 201
Let's stay the course it'll take time 197
Right we need to send more troops for security 63
Rumsfeld should be fired 46 and I don't care about any of it 32 hurricane fans by the way there you go
Bees 32 of your cohorts of your mindless idiots like you in clearance
Hurricane fans they have to be 2.1% that I don't care about any of it
As in what me worry and we should have a lot of people saying what we were
We got Alfred E. Newman for president right yeah to be the national motto we got the Bobby Hatfield died
He died and in the baseball player who died he died and all kinds of stuff going on in two more soldiers
Right yeah but who's counting
But we're only counting Americans in the coalition we're not counting the Iraqis because it's so many thousand now we lost track
And addition to which the president and Rumsfeld can't count that high
Russian he'll help me get that high 1013 at 560 WQ I am absolutely I know
He had people jumpy when they heard of
Farhan
Monday morning went to get some ammo
Tuesday he goes shooting with his son
Wednesday they get busted by the phone
They found the gun
My firm a helmet part of a psychopath
And we won't be happy to leave him
1018 at 560 WQ I am so we got a big appearance today right
Miguel's gonna be out there showing it or somebody I beg your pardon somebody will be out there
What do you mean by that?
Well it's pouring cats and dogs out there it's pitch black nobody wants to go out there so they're gonna have a fight over who gets to do it
And it's raining too
Well maybe we had a like postponement instead if the weather's that bad
As another fact I was gonna tell you expect the power to go out down here on this end without notice at any good
Well let me know did it go out yet
I'll just put my feet up on the table here watch a playboy TV or something
Or watch Harvey Levin the screaming fruitcake talking about Rosio Donald
It rent to break the lease that's essentially what Rosia saying that it was made so unbearable that she had a legal we don't care about that bitch
Now what was I just saying what how about we postpone it we could do that yeah tell Miguel that we in fact all we want from him today is just a number
Just a total would be nice just a number because I'm sure that everybody yesterday being my birthday
And I didn't let people call in see and lady was very nice that I just took that call
But we could add three hours of that yesterday and I would not have been very illuminating or entertaining or exciting
I mean she was great and thank you very much but who wants to hear that for three hours right?
Right they kind of like talking about hockey
Yeah we could have talked about hockey and had a point and point zero zero zero
In fact you saw yourself last night the tremendous interest in hockey and self-flora
Well that was 4,300 people were actually there in the seats probably half of which were giveaways
I don't know how they're gonna make it I don't understand how that franchise is gonna survive
There's nobody showing up I mean they can put 50,000 in a paper in a box score it doesn't make make them any money
It's a crap
Hey here's our cool question today before we go I'd like to get the number Miguel because I'm sure that everybody bought some of our best meals
Stuff yesterday on our my birthday were probably a bloody you think yeah no how many people do you think
I doubted we had 37,295 for band and pay rest you as of whenever I give you the number last time I guess on Monday
He just just keeps ignoring us well Doreen keeps him busy running
Here's the poll today who is or was the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all when was I talking about drooling Yahoo's the other one?
When you came back because of the upset poll
That's right that should have been on there drooling Yahoo's man they just make my skin crawl
Anybody who talk like this I know there are Mooran I don't care how many college degrees they got
I'll try to get a perm loudly for me oh man you talk about dumb who is or was the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all we got a short list and how come you didn't put Toby Keith on there yet
I wrote it on the paper well he didn't put it on there I guess I guess Eric psychic power he must have known that was your choice he just hates you
Jesse Helm strong thermon and Toby Keith just to get just for a starter there I don't even know who Toby Keith is you already explained it to me don't waste time on a year but I don't know who that is
You will I will what you will know him no I will not know him I'm not going to go anywhere near him anyway bad news on this story about the possible deal that we could have avoided invading Iraq that goes to show you right there
It's another piece of the puzzle right there fraud you doubting Thomas isn't a dicks out there we'll get to that two more Americans killed in separate incidents Polish major wounded and exchange of fire
Two American soldiers killed in separate incidents and your bag that along the Syrian border the US military said today and a Polish major was seriously wounded in the ambush south of the capital
A senior figure from the US led coalition warned that the Americans and their allies face a rough winter of attacks by insurgents and now we're sending in the Marines
And we're sending in a hundred thousand troops not in addition but like replacement troops in the beginning of the year
Because these other people are like a little bit on the burn outside never expected to be there like the rest of their lives maybe and so
So there's going to be a lot more dead bodies is basically what it boils down to and then you look at this story and it really makes you more pissed off
I don't want to get any of my pissed off but if you'd like to be pissed off a possible negotiated peace deal was laid out in a heavily guarded compound in Baghdad and the days before the war ABC news has been told
But the top former Pentagon adviser says he was ordered not to pursue the deal because that would have screwed up all their plans you see
This the fix was already in this was already engraved in stone it was carved in granite before the even stolen election
The PNAC people already had their meeting and they decided that they were going to go in there and they find some excuse
There'd be some catastrophic catastrophic event that would take place and then they'd have a reason to go in there
Not that we're suggesting anything no of course that
I just was very afford to it is for them a prominent levities American businessman said he secretly met with a raki intelligence officials just days after
Secretariat state colon Powell lied through his teeth and laid out the US case for the war if you went in prebor with all the maps
Got that map he's got the middle east peace road map all his maps seem to be like outdated just like the time we bomb the Chinese embassy that time
Oops from an old map my back and a mistake
I'm on the Hague the president of American underwriter group insurance company and known in the region is having contacts that they Pentagon told ABC news
He was first approached by an Iraqi intelligence official who arrived unannounced at his office in Beirut
A week later according to Hague he had an associate where has to come to Baghdad when Hague said he met with Saddam Hussein's chief of intelligence
General Tahir Habush later labeled the jack of diamonds and that silly deck of cards
The pick the most wanted members of Saddam Hussein's regime publishes still at large he was conveying a message
Said Hague he was conveying an offer he said he laid out terms of a negotiated piece during a four hour session beginning at midnight at a compound in Baghdad
Hague said Habush repeated public analysis by the regime that Iraq had a weapon to mass destruction but offered to allow several thousand US agents or scientists free reign in the country to carry out inspections
Based in my meeting with this man said hey I think an effort was there to avert war they were prepared to meet with high ranking US officials
And a Pentagon said uh uh no way Jose we want that shock and awe and a lot of dead bodies and they got both
Now let's see here's the fact that just came in it's an unbelievable or maybe at this point we should expect it from the president
It seems that he sold Congress a bill of goods again couple of weeks back Congress including Republicans voted to make part of the Iraq package repayable loans instead of all grants
Then according to representative Herald Ford Jr. Democratic Tennessee when the two bills from both houses had to be reconciled and voted on again this week
The president pleaded with Congress to make all the funds grants only because if the rest of the world sees that even the US won't give grants direct they won't make any of their pledge contributions at all
However the president got this wrong to a point of representative forward as soon as Congress voted this week for the grants
Two thirds of other pledging countries provided aid in the form of you guessed it loans
Loans, loans so in other words they're smart and we're dumb they're loading the money but they wanted back to they got all that oil there which ain't going to end anytime soon
But we said oh no we don't want to do that we don't want to lay all that debt on the backs of the Iraqi children in the future
So we'll add a back of all you Americans and your kids for the future for generations to come billions and billions and billions and billions
And everybody's going like that what time to ballgame give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball that's that kind of crap
Bad news
Too much bad news you know I know stop plus I got the little ear infection that I caused myself I had like a little thing in my ear
Ever have a little thing in your ear all the time
And I you know kept picking it picking at it and of course they they was you know just fine I picked at the scab and then now I realize I had like a little pain in there
So I'm taking my antibiotics again and plus George told me stick something in there and I did my answer for everything
Yeah stick something in there some polyspawn in fact you know something's getting better already is that possible maybe is it an analgesic
What do you mean by that like oh no I mean is it a pain killer yeah or I just an analgesic
No I think pain killer is some sort of pseudo intellectuals
Absolutely you know it's an antibiotic cream prevents infection to help speed healing and worse fast like just like that
Singer Bobby Hatfield died he died he died 63 years old half the team known as the righteous brothers of you lost that love and feel and fame
He died yesterday poli said what was the other big one you lost that what was it oh geez
Well it's just brothers right come on
I'm saying no it ain't a shameality there you go that I'm saying that you stole from Al Hibbler
Thanks to Boca Brian who's living in the past like me Hatfield's bought by the way bad disc this week Boca Brian really weak stuff
Hatfield's body was taken to the Kalamazoo County Medical Examiner's office for an autopsy and the statement was to be issued later but they don't say like when
Hatfield and partner Bill Medley met in Orange County California performed together for 41 years according to the group's website you've lost that love and feel and recorded in 1964
Stanzas the most played song on a radio and we are sick and nausea we don't we're not happy that he died
But we're sick of that song and the righteous brothers in general so I guess you could look at it trying to find something good out of tragedy right finding a little silver lying in the middle of a dark cloud
The fact that he did die but in a course now we're gonna hear more than ever so like I said it's even worse
Because now there be all these tributes in fact wax you'll probably I mean magic are probably play like 24 hours non stop
Other righteous brothers those two songs they'll just segue back and forth because that Hamilton guy what's his name Bob Hamilton
Tour table whatever it is name is he's an asshole the pdf magic 1027 at 560 WQ am one of the best kept secrets in South Florida as far as fine dining is concerned is right in front of your nose and curl springs
The Gold Coast seafood grill just celebrated their one year anniversary and got three and a half stars from the Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review
The Gold Coast seafood grills got specialties that include mango plum salmon almond-crusted mahi mahi orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuff trout
And if you love seafood you're gonna love the Gold Coast seafood grill coin a George and Scott and all the other people wait for you a couple of weeks ago
There's an incredible bar atmosphere with an extensive wine and martini list big gigantic martinis you can almost take a bath in them at happy hour only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m. seven days a week
The Gold Coast seafood grill your fight it in curl springs at 2752 North University drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center all those gangs in curl springs you won't find them there call 954-255 fish for reservations and more information you can
Dine inside outside large parties private functions are welcome to so check out the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining at all South Florida the Gold Coast seafood grill and prestigious curl springs
Look at a 2752 North University drive inside the walk shopping center the Gold Coast seafood grill where you'll always find great seafood at amazingly low prices
I am low this is sports when you're fighting you way up
Oh
I'm home
Oh
I don't get it
It's already some buffalo wings
You're home or I don't eat buffalo
You'll be silly Jessica everybody knows buffalo wings are made from chicken
Oh, let's check another tea
Oh, the Jessica Simpsons because people this dumb could only be in cartoons
Right
We can only pray 1032 at 560 WQM suited to make up bring a number in or what?
Shut up
Jesus Christ
See what I'm telling you just like that all I'm asking for you in a chance to cancel the thing today because it's raining
We won't raise 50 cent you can sit there. We can just hang out with Doreen. He can hang it right out. She can take a look at it
Sniff it
But in the meantime we need a number we got like 38,000 yet coming at you
He can just say it you don't need to like print it out I can actually like almost 38,000 how much
37, 8,95
Oh 8,95 so that's something for us to work on today
We only need 105 bucks to get 38,000 so maybe Greg Reed instead of running around showing his pussie
Ousing sourced everybody in a building see that's a real rocket scientist that tells you what a moron we work for
They got strep girl going around all over the building at QAM
And you think that anybody who's got it would have enough intelligence to stay the hell away from there
But if you do if you know feel compelled to come in here because you're so freaking important
You don't go running around opening up your mouth and showing everybody you're using pustules and
Chancers and stuff like that because that's a great way to spread it you know what I'm saying
But when you do know what a guy who spends most of his time with his finger in his head looking for where his brain was
And it sounds like that what do you expect you an idiot Greg nothing changes
So we got 37,895 now does that include like from the internet and everything too?
Yes
Well that means we got 600 bucks yesterday I tell you one thing I don't know why I worked my ass off and
Said the alarm got up one o'clock in the morning to tape that CBC thing so I could play it yesterday
And go through the whole song and dance and edit off the spots and try to like you know do something
Because if it meant anything every line on the board would be lit up right now from people saying
God that was really pissed me off and it was great and thanks for doing that you know I mean something something
Or or even saying what I was sure boring don't ever do that again something
Mm-hmm they have no passion no passion now let's see next van hit appearance tomorrow rain or shine
I see them as because it's a commercial thing
Is that what he's trying to say?
Rain or shine tomorrow will have now this is the for all one is that well I see for us because he's got an appearance to make
Scott for out you can go there and see if he really talks like that in person which he does
No, no to it Napa auto parts 1911 North State Road 7 in
Where is that in Margate right so tomorrow will be in Margate with the van and I'm sure McGill will be there with for all
No, into two and a little more more about that so that's rain or shine because he's gonna get paid for it
And actually anybody gets paid for something and we want him to show up even if nobody else is gonna
37 8 95 105 bucks we ought to be able to collect that just in cash before 11 o'clock inside the building right
Well, why do you keep 105 bucks to get us to 38 grand?
This is the worst fundraiser I've ever been associated with in my life this even makes the OJ center one thing
Pale into one significance. That's how desperate this has been
They not only don't care enough to send their very best they don't want to send nothing
Now we got to get some more names for that pool although I will say strom thermo to jump to the races
For a dead guy and strom thermo he did die didn't he? Yeah, I think so. I'm not positive. I'm not sure
Strom thermo 18 Toby Keith 8 and Jesse Helm 7 the first 33 votes on who's the biggest july Yahoo of them all
I like that I can't because july Yahoo's I find extraordinarily offensive
And you'll find plenty of them in Canada your fundamental Calgary you'll find like in the Saskatchewan in Mousja
Got plenty of red necks. We're talking about that yesterday. There's different kind of red necks
There's the ones on that picture that I showed you the about the
Yeah, look like they just came up from a tree for the weekend
And then there's the Texas deep south Mississippi Louisiana y'all come back like judge more kind of Alabama with a banjo on unique and then there's the other ones with a banjo
But they're up in the tree the beesleys that kind of redneck the maple slower to redneck
Cincinnati boy more too much bad news. I'm gonna go back and hide under the bed. I don't like this
Cincinnati Reds outfielder Dernnell
Stinson was found dead early yesterday on a residential street after he was shot and apparently run over in a Phoenix suburb police said
Chandler police said that up was being treated as a homicide and a man was being held by police for questioning
Stinson 25 made his major league debut the season played 37 games for the reds and now
He's dead he was 25
Even worse on the stories that period he had been run over by the vehicle witnesses told police a black SUV was seen leaving the area
And he was also dragged along I guess these shot him and killed him in random over in the kind of dragged him along a little while just I guess to make sure
A bit Italian huh must have been Italian is that the way they do it? Yeah, they shoot you then they insult you somehow
Oh and speaking of John Ascroft well, I'm sure we got a lot of color that everybody calling and I'll say but that was really a horrible yesterday
And you'll don't ever do that again and don't read either here's for a lot of day. Hello
Yes, I have one for your bowl. Please sir the Dixie chicks are the biggest dueling Yahoo's oh man big time. Okay
Yes, I wouldn't be solved as footage
From a rock of those people getting thrown off the buildings and
Broken, etc. Yes, uh-huh. Do you
Could do that further justification for going in there and removing that absolutely not huh? Let me ask you this. Do you remember the shot of Iran?
Pardon me. Do you remember the shot of Iran? Yeah, who put him in Iran? Who's who's a flunky was he?
Well, right. I you know understand when you come in from with that but after who's saying?
Gas the million of his own people
Where let me ask you this let me ask you weren't we doing business with them then?
No, I understand that we
Listen, we don't we don't don't give me this song today and so try to do what you're trying to see as well
He said that this he just we know where this guy was coming from. You're trying to justify the unjustifiable
There are lots of brutal dictators most of whom we support by the way and many of whom we have to put in their
First place like Salvador and they for example in Chile and finish it you know, we didn't like one so we put in the other one and
All over and baby doc and pop a doc and
Pop a mom out and what's up doc right?
We do it all the time. We've done it all over the freaking world
And this guy's giving me a song and it's about well didn't know it didn't those tapes it wasn't that for the justification of course not
the Savak that was the
There was the secret police from the shaw ver man. They used to pull out people's fingernails was one the way they used to torture them
Oh, they've got to pull out their fingernails. They'd yank him
He was our guy sure if it's our dictator our brutal reprint
It's just like that thing I read this guy didn't hear anything I read yesterday from Michael Moore talk about the Taliban
He won't we love the Taliban right they were our folks man. They were our business partner. They were the partners about all over Africa
But I brought in that kind of stand that's correct
But as soon as the things went sour then all of a sudden well
They did this and they did that in their barbaric and they repressed the women and they came listen to music
And they got to shave their beard so long and they're bad guys, you know and some of you people fall for this bull crap
Don't be that stupid
Don't be that ignorant of course this guy is like I said Suzy star with a Dixie chick so you understand why did oh head
Don't even put that on. They're not july yahu
They have jackass
They got a big pair
Not a much of july yahu's like you sir
Probably got his Tammy one at blow up doll right now is probably working on it
20 before 11 at 5 6 or maybe he's got his what's his name Billy? Mary Cyrus blow up doll. It probably working on that too
20 before 11 at 5 60 WQM imagine this imagine zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee
Zero discounted points. That's probably what John London was thinking about when he wrote that song just imagine you think no
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate a low low
Amazing interest rate of only 1.95 percent
That's only if you have a $200,000 loan
$738 bucks a month once you be financed or get a new-moham mortgage from financial group
You'll never pay closing costs again call toll free 1 800 940 land grab real financing power with low-rate mortgage
That you can move to your next property without any further cost or expense the only one mortgage from financial group for details
Call 1 800 940 land. It's a whole new great smart way to buy
Zero underwriting fee zero dox fee zero prepayment petally zero closing cost even when you move to another property
So get yourself financing it's just 1.95 percent and never pay closing cost again call financial group today at 1 800 940 land
Be sure and tell me Todd Dreck told you to call 1 800 940 L.E.N.D
That's direct with a D equal housing lender credit restrictions apply rate 70 to change monthly 5.19 APR
5.19 local here sports radio 560
U.A.U.A.M
It's dates if I am Italian
The blue has 560 WQA
Got 105 bucks yet? Oh yeah I got it right here
I hit the boost then hit David guest
I want to leave a mark on you the size of New York
Kick you with pointed shoes for wearing my dress
I have just one remark for you you dark you dark
When I get lit up on the meanest day in the world
And I don't have any quote about hidden girls
Your beauty brown eyes will be black today
I'm gonna not love love with you you dark you dark
If you don't want to get hit you'll hide in the closet
That's why with the room you dark you dark
Oh speaking of hiding in the closet here was a fact there were a couple of
Facts as came in the estate and have time to uh mention
Here's one that says you're such a silly girl misdrug wearing that ridiculous hat which went out with the univac
Here's some honest information you aren't fooling anybody nobody
Even the brainwash diddlehead snicker behind your back
But keep paying off your cronies in the media to run phony baloney gossip articles about all your hot female dates
Try to imagine Paul Lin with Marilyn Monroe what a hoot
Actually facts what a hoot
Er
It was a really a good column very disturbing we don't want to disturb anybody robert
No share how many body bags
I think we added on a website yesterday from the early times
I'm gonna read it right now because I feel like it i'm in a mood
On Sunday 19 more young americans died in a rack serving the vanity of an american president who will
Fully be trade them and who has no idea where his policies are taken to country
This is a president who has his now amply clear has systematically
Lotted the troops in the nation about the reasons for going to war
Distorting evidence to claim that the united states was threatened by satan who say his weapons of mass destruction
And linking erected the 9-11 terrorist attacks
Having led the country by the nose into a clumsy ill advised middle east power grab
President Bush has faced with a terrible quandary. What do we do now?
The first thing is to resist the logic of the self-fulfilling prophecy
Bush blender rack was a center of international terrorism
It wasn't and now says that because terrorists are coming over raki borders to take potshots at americans
We need to stay and fight them
We won't run Bush said cavalierly dismissing the lives of the young soldiers mirrored in his folly
This amounts to using our young men and women as bait and assumes there are a finite number of fanatics who can be dispensed with once and for all
In fact the US occupation of the historic center of the Arab world is provided al-Qaeda another like-minded groups with their most effective recruiting poster yet
And we're fighting them on their terms and on their turf
Meanwhile attacks are coming from various Iraqi quarters those who enjoyed favors under Hussein
And those who may have been glad to see the US overthrow the tyrant but have since become alienated by an occupation that inevitably inspires nationalist
As well as religious opposition
Why can't we learn from our history and Vietnam in the experiences of the French and Algeria
And the Israelis in the West Bank and Gaza that no occupation by an army of the other is ever welcome
Only last week israel's army chief of staff issue to warning on the limits of an occupying power to achieve its goals to the exercise of military force
It increases hatred for israel and strengthens the terror organizations lieutenant general Moshe yalon told israeli reporters adding in our
Tactical interest were operating contrary to our strategic interests
Some pundits in politicians even those who may have been skeptical about the word to begin with now
I argue that we must finish the job even if it means increasing our commitment of troops or ruling Iraq indefinitely
This is however exactly the kind of stubborn and mushy thinking that let us into the hell of Vietnam more and the deaths of 58,000 Americans and more than two million Vietnamese and Cambodians
The occupation of Iraq is not working and will not work for Iraqis our culture is offensive and our tactics having handed
As none other than the American sponsored Iraqi politician off my chalabi put it after the latest world attacks
The Americans their methods their operations and their procedures are singularly unsuited to deal with this kind of problem
And US intentions in Iraq are far from clear though
There may be an echo of white man's burden that seeks to export civilization
Even that highly questionable goal is clouded and undermined by the fact that Washington inevitably will put a higher priority on having a new Iraq serve the US superpowers needs
Oil commerce military power rather than meet the needs of regular Iraqis
Unless we are willing to trade the lives of US troops and Iraqis for the obsessions of empire. We must end the occupation now
The US can give chalabi and the crowd the money they need to operate in the short run and similarly aid the more established
Shi'i groups
It can beg the UN Security Council to take over this mess with financial support from the US and smooth the transfer of power enough to let the president
Say faced by declaring the mission of victory
Such a wise reversal of course might even help push get reelected
His pull numbers on Iraq are sinking
If he can back off from the edge of the cliff to which his hyperaggressive foreign policy has taken us
The public might be conned into giving him another term
Personally, I think the president should be impeached for his lies
But more important he should redeem himself by coming to his senses and ending the carnage in instability
He is brought in Iraq and the world great column is usually by Robert sheer in the LA times on November 4 on
Good one
And I apologize for reading because obviously a lot of people out there who'd rather
Who wouldn't like that?
5670560 pound 56 did we need some more names on this list this poll today could have gone over to have no names
Here's a lady in Miami. Hello hi, Neil. Thanks for yesterday that made my hair stand on in
What you what you read?
It was horrifying and upsetting
I suspected it but it was it was actually worse than what I suspected about bush and his cronies
You know, I'd like to see you know, I'd like to see if I'd like to see him head up an army the way they did an ancient Rome
And see how much of a man he is then
Yeah, you know
And saying oh yeah, we've got to see it through you know
Let's see him step in front of the army and see how far he sees it through
Okay, but maybe help to his military service will be this was the first time
He has this vanishing cream. You know, he just keeps disappearing
5670560 pound 56 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a call from Weston. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir
I want to thank you for playing that yesterday. I called the plan and we're both listening and then
We know it all along about this stuff
And also I want to give her her that a big daddy bush was a drug smuggler in his early days
He had a company in Houston where he had pull where his ships never got checked for nothing
I'll be damned sounds like a candy bootleggers to me all over again
Yeah, I have it you take it me too you take it to have a
Tampa
5670560 this is I'm telling you man. I don't know why I do this. I have no idea why I do it
It says just let it go just pretended yesterday never happened on this show. It was just an aberration
Was just one of those things, you know, I mean
5670 is lying. Whatever gonna get fixed. Are we just giving up on that is the
We're gonna get what they open to ticket. Oh open a ticket my ass. Okay
Open the ticket. It's an inside the building thing. It's not subbell south which I know you love to bash them
But then I don't believe that's their problem. It's an inside the building thing
Because I saw when the hell that happened it was like right in the middle of a show like right in the middle of what I'm not like that
And it just just died
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing pretty good? I just want to first start by telling you
I happen to leave a birthday to you. Thanks and now the business guy
I myself am a service member. You know, I've been in the
In military for well over my retirement point and I tell why everybody tell everybody that I'm gonna be getting out
I'll be getting out simply because they call me crazy. They call me stupid
I'm not gonna throw so many years away and I have a sip. Where's her for them? I value my life
There you go. Very simple. I'm not gonna I my I value my life more than
More than money more than anything. I mean granted. I've served my country and but with an ass or like
Our commander in chief
He could keep it and like the lady just said why don't we put him in front of the firing squad? It's the all-on-last there
I love you baby take care and I'll
Much kisses. Good choice. Okay. Thank you. By the way, speak out of that would you us bring back the draft?
This was in Toronto star yesterday was on our website of Eggert Pardon
I've been here about that a call from the US Defense Department for volunteers to sit on local draft boards
Has sparked debate about whether a nationwide military draft could ultimately be needed to complete Washington's mission in Iraq whatever the hell that is
A number of analysts said on Tuesday that while any public suggestion of a draft would be politically suicidal for a bush and an election year
He could fight himself with the other options if he's returned for a second term and the fighting in Iraq is still going on
Bush during fire ravaged regions of California Tuesday again
Vah the troops will never cut and run in Iraq even as attacks on Americans escalate
As debates rules about the kid release of the beleaguered US military the Pentagon's going for volunteers to serve your community and the nation
People but you know we make fun of people who are like suicide bombers right and what barbaric lunatics they must be well
What's the difference right?
It's a selective service system wants to hear from men and women in the community who might be willing to serve as members of a local draft board
If conscription becomes necessary it says 2000 local and appealed board would need volunteers the boards would decide who would go to war and who could
Defur their service in the event of a national call up to boost the currently off-holunteer military
This is significant said then the LeVoa presidential scholar at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire
What the Department of Defense is doing is creating the infrastructure to make the draft a viable option for the administration wish to go this route
He said it's the first public call to be constituted draft board since the compulsory draft was abolished in 1973 and
Amazingly shockingly Pentagon officials did not return calls for comment yesterday
What a shock who do they their mom their mom on the subject and by the way say hi to mom
Well thanks to Cindy who fast yesterday said happy birthday. No, thank you Cindy she and four five others had you know
Because we weren't taking the calls that would have been easy, but it took a little bit effort to send to facts. Thanks Cindy. That was nice
She made the effort
77 votes on our redneck. I mean on our drool in Yahoo poll
We only have three choices on air might just stay that way all day
Maybe we just can't top those three you know it maybe
How about that Lindsey Graham you know there's a drooling redneck hope
Lindsey Graham you ever seen him
Oh, who is the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all 79 votes Jesse hums 36throm 3rd and 30 and Toby Keith only 13 only 13 for Toby
But he won all those country music awards last night. Yeah, but so did Johnny Cash and look how he's doing
For 305
I'm still on the charts
Still having kids
And I'm still making money baby
Like
we
I
I passed away
Though I've been dead forever
I'm still doing fine
I'm still doing fine
Just as forms my goals seem
I'm doing fine
Though I am on my grave
I'll play my song at rings
And if that ain't weird, I don't know what is
If I were dead
I'd be in the red
Going toes up is good for business
Beating the ground forever
But I'm doing fine
This is doing fine
Though I have left the building
I'm still doing fine
I'm still on the charts
Still having here
Love it or two this is one of the most beautiful things we've had on our website
And quite a while the WMD countdown I just noticed that
You must click on the picture and get the big the full deal here
And I just noticed I finally figured out why the president is his dumb as he is he's an orangutan
Because if Scott would look at that picture you know precious on passions the orangutan
The lips are exactly the same you see that you see the lips he can't see it I can't see it
And he said read my lips and W says look at these lips and if the orangutan they sure are precious
The WMD countdown it now says we've been digging now for 220 days 11 hours 0 minutes and 52 seconds
And ain't found nothing but oil yet darn it
That's a beautiful thing
Oh the lip that's definitely precious he's kin to precious
It's precious, don't think about it
We've been digging now for 229 days 11 hours no minutes and 52 seconds ain't found nothing but oil yet darn it
Nice go on W
In fact you know something
We're looking for names for the poll what that was wrong with me
Start taking
He's looking us in the push right there George W
Yeah
Get him on there
A Texan
Here's a good one from Marty and Miami who says how about David Duke for your poll
Okay
I'll be honest with you that David Duke doesn't talk like that though see he doesn't know
See he says by the way these banana voters we don't get this poll that's a reason for lack of opinions
Yeah Marty I hate to break the news you remember one most of our audience are banana voters the number two you don't get it
Because David Duke even though he's a southern redneck racist he just he don't talk like he's not a julien jehoo
Yes, fix don't know nothing about rednecks
Until they look in the mirror
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a yes so let's get George W Bush on the poll
That'll go sub that number real quick
Oh they love it
Some stiff competition Toby keep that shout out as did the Dixie Chicks of the Accompanied Music Awards
And I guarantee you what I said before is true that whole country music
Mafia the whole thing there's there's like a genetic defects is what there is there like a couple of genes missing
Here's a call from Miami hello
Hello
Yes sir
Yes, I heard the the audio you play just in the radio actually I went on the web and I got the transcript it's about 40 pages worth
Right
If I have a lot of people are interested in you know hearing more if anyone getting hold of the audio
You can't get it on there on the website
No I couldn't find anything on the audio it says you have a cassette or anything I get you know purchased from you or anything
No
Okay any suggestions
There's a lot of people that you know first part of it but they didn't hear the whole thing and they wanted to hear it all
Any suggestions George we could probably like dovetin and the charge ten bucks a pop raise some money for cheer and a
Don't we still have archives going on won't that show be archives so that they can listen to it over and over again
Oh that's right that you'll be any archives you can listen to it on the oranges that come on our website that's correct
Not just the piece that you played but that wonderful reading job you did
Right the audio will be on your website too
Sure
Okay so just because I looked on your website yesterday wasn't on there
No but you're not looking in the archives though see you have to look in the archives for while yesterday's show for the date November 5
Oh okay I'll do that then because a lot of people actually you could probably do it on cassette and then raise some money for the charity probably
So I'm going to think about it I'll be able to say what I want to come down thanks a lot Pellie
All right bye
Here's one from Sergio who says happy related B day for the pool how about many of the girl boys from NASCAR like maybe Dick Trickle
Well see I don't know we'd probably have to have Joe Costello to like and of course he'd take a section of that because he insisted
NASCAR isn't a red neck you think you know try to red neck thing of course it is it's a red neck thing
It's much a red neck's going round and around every time that one gets killed
Wasn't there one of them killed here a couple of weeks ago and so test run or something
I don't know I lose count
Where the hell they call that crap goes round and around and around red neck you think
I mean red neck's are entitled to do their own thing you know they always got their thing
But it's just I don't know Dick Trickle you know I've seen it but I don't know it I don't know either
So somebody were calling with some country with I mean with well some country West people
We could then be the the the petdies and all from that family and he did which one is dead I don't know there's like five of them
How about Gordon Johncock from Hastings Michigan
I don't know and what about Gordon what's his name the big one Jeff Gordon Jeff Gordon Jeff Gordon right about him
And they were down in New Zealand Yahoo though Jeff Gordon he's very articulate for considering one of the petdies are Yahoo's
I see five six seven how about Tom Petty and two here's Miami hello
Miami hello you yes sir I discovered a theory called dialectical check the marriage and one thing happens is result of another
When the atom is played it causes nuclear fission yeah this is what we have here is a failure to get an education
What we have up here is a failure to ever keep his ass off this show
Let's see I said oh this is good says that's supposed you could include 90% of all players but John rocker beats him off
John rocker there's a jewel in Yahoo right you move here's a chronic fan who faxes and says so much for playing that TV show yesterday morning
Right at the juiciest bin Laden bush moments I was parked at a gas pump on the other side of a pump was an older guy with a jet bumper sticker
One of those stupid bald eagle American flag stickers on his windshield
I just sat there in my car where he stood and pumped and gradually raised the volume to deafening proportions
Thank you for that moment that's great and the facts about away is still alive but there it is survived he's still alive
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Who is the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all?
Soon there were new democracies in Latin America
108 votes 43 for Jesse Helms 42 for stromthurman 17 for Toby Keith
And George W. Bush who's named just appeared on theirs already got six like magic
He's zoomed up the charts you watch you mark my words man he's gonna be a hit a smash on our poll today
Here's a call from Pompollo hello
Hello Mr. Rogers a boy with a birthday to you sir
Thank you and I wanted to thank you for yesterday's audio on that that was absolutely outstanding
And it needs to be replayed again over again I agree with the other guy if you double it onto a cassette or another something that would be worth donations for sure
For a charity cause more people need to hear what that was what was played yesterday
And you saw my thunder on George W. Bush being on the list so that's what all I got is that
I'm in fact he's drooling right now mocking on TV he's drooling a little bit out the quarter of his lip
And I'm one of the people Mr. Rogers does not want to see you retire I'd like to hear you on the road on the airway forever
Because you're the only central that's a little person out there. Thanks. Thank you for all your contributions you do you really do well. Thanks, pal
I'm sorry to interrupt we try to like give you a few laughs we try to let you know what's going on in the world we try to give you some information like yesterday that you won't find any play well you will find it but most people don't have the time or the inclination to look for it to read to do these things
So all of these things and it's not easy to find a balance because no matter what it is you're doing you're going to piss off somebody some time
But I will say this it sure is hell better than put on a bunch of boring guests on talk radio I learned that a long time ago because what I used to do for many many years was put a bunch of boring guests on my talk shows and they were boring in the average age of my list there was 100 plus death
Infinity why never knew you work for infinity no I sure would like to though
What does this say Canadian skipping stones or yeah I had this story days ago that you just fact me about the you know I'll Canadians forget that's not the point that's not the point the fact is the rolling stones have come up with a new for this DVD and they're like marketing only and there's selling it and best buying one other joint and the rest of the major major music and music change today screw you we're not going to sell it
Canadians forget pretty easily well the screw that how would that just because they came here and done a concert does that mean that they're going to screw over all the other record stores the hell with it if I'm over there at HMV I say this to you Mick you idiot you sorry sorry old the piece of crap you old fag
Here's a call from poppin O hello yeah, I know you're sir happy birthday thanks and I got an addition to your list getting away from the political arena can we Bradshaw I think is the biggest you in Yahoo
Oh man you know who else just inspired me Terry Bowden oh yeah there's another oh Terry Bowden could be the big he could be the winner he is just on that
I don't know either one you can't go wrong with okay thanks a lot of Kelly I want to ask you something yes I was watching you know the thing about the apostle birth abortion yesterday that's you know passed and the sign into law I mean think about it you know I'm a bill that's voted on by predominantly male legislators
sign into law by male executives that a law that's now is basically going to dominate women and their bodies for God knows how long I mean think about it most women you'll notice that his signature wasn't even dry on the bill and then the judge in a brass can said not so fast the good black enforcement of it a lot of local municipalities are going to fight and send these should but I mean the thing about it is you know most women they go for abortion they go for it real early women who opt for abortion after the first five measures because they find out that it's not a good thing to do it
if they count pregnancy you know to full term they're invading their health and they're making no exception for this if a woman's life is on the life too bad we're not going to give you this apostle you're not going to be able to have this procedure that's that compassionate conservative
any woman could vote for this man next year is beyond me really that's what I thought the first time well now I mean if this guy didn't sign his own death warrant with that was signing that that bill in the law yesterday I don't know what's going to do it
but anyway you have a happy birthday and I always the pleasure talking with you okay have a great day I like five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 Terry Bradshaw and Terry Bowden man I and I see George doesn't know who that is no he doesn't know you know who a Bobby Bowden you've heard that name in FSU
I don't remember you're right for some very Brad size where you he's a moron the idiot he's a simpleton the scene in the runner see I don't watch any of the pregame shows I know that may come as a great shock or red blooded sports
nerds out there I don't really care about watching a bunch of silly people like Dion Sanders and Terry Bradshaw just just embarrassing him
really getting paid a lot of money for it Dion Sanders makes my skin crawl I got to tell you that right now that makes me
erratious too bad he makes my skin crawl and Terry Bradshaw too and he's white last time we checked but Terry Bowden
Terry Bowden takes it to another level he is he is the definitive Juleen Yahoo redneck he's got a finger in his nose
and another finger up his butt he's picking some corn and seeds whatever he's doing man you got to see him to believe him
and you really go and when you see him and you think they put this guy on the air on TV and people are watching this
with a straight face you got to be smitten me man Terry Bowden no you you got to see him I know you're not a
sports guy but I would know where to go trust me trust me down to 7 11 eating pickled eggs and
pork rinds and pork rinds 11 14 at 5 60 and then great the spicy sausages to in the big jars with that antibiotic fluid
in their head release if you're underpaid no work like poor Scott maybe like to get yourself a change in life
a new high paying career but you don't have four years to waste on college do something about it change your life
I'm making a simple phone call one eight oh what is it one eight six six fast train that's the number fast
train and every train and certified for a high paying computer never professional career or a high paying medical
computer specialist career and is little as for easy simple months that's correct you can be fully trained
ready for a great career with a big paycheck that goes right along with it in his little is four months now let's see
it's in the middle of November almost December January like March by the eyes of March you can be doing it and the job
to fast train offers day evening a weekend classes they offer you a job placement assistance and they even offer
financial aid for people to qualify fast train you know what they got six convenient Florida locations
including foreign South Florida so you look out the window there's probably one right down the street pick up that phone
and call them today and change your life for the better say goodbye to your dead end job tell your boss to kiss your fat ass
check them out of the web at fast train.com and call them tool free and get yourself a real career call one eight six six fast train
life and look this is four train by city
stench of palminor hovers over this performance by the dolphins
oh
when you get back from the moon bring me some crab ring
Chinese face man you're gonna land on more strong people around life
oh
Chinese face man
in a ship shake like a walk that runs up right
right
oh
Chinese face man
I'll have the low name with the shrimp on pork fried rice
1119 at 560 WQM Steve Spurrier A.M.N. former Gators coach not coaching so to speak for the Washington Redskins
from Madrid thank you Madrid
I'm still keeping up with this somebody the Denver fans is Willie Nelson I don't know but we'll put them on there just to make the
Denver fan happy right sure what I need a good guy who is the Denver fan of Willie Nelson the Denver fan
bush science ban on late term abortion president bush hot legislation Wednesday banning a certain type of abortion
and encourages the encounter of the individual with God
handing a the disputed procedures opponents a long sought victory even as a federal judge at least partially blocked the new law from taking effect was he talking about
oh god again
but less than an hour after bush put his pen to paper a federal judge in Nebraska sharply questioned the law's constitutionality
and you should a limited temporary restraining order against it U.S. District Judge Richard comp said it was concern that the
ban contains no exception if the woman's health is at risk and you should an injection applied only to the four doctors who brought the suit
while it's also true that Congress found that a health exception is not needed it is at the very least problematic whether I should defer to such a conclusion
when the Supreme Court has found otherwise cops said
beside Nebraska hearings were taking place in San Francisco and New York on similar challenges and will take place all over the country
fully aware of the impending legal obstacles bush said rights
and are denied schooling
what was said away standing ovation and longest round of applause during his brief remarks the executive branch will vigorously defend this law
against any who would try to overturn in the courts
I guess the feeling that like they want to do is like to drive it all the way back up to the Supreme Court again
it will
and even though they've declined to revisit Roe v. Wade a couple of times maybe this time maybe the fixes in already in
clearance be token maybe they got clearance and really good stuff
and maybe they let him look up uh huh need a hills dress one more time
and San Diego Conner as well who now would want to look up San
Diego Conner's dress Jesus that would be like he helps ruins
uh address man oh man can you imagine what's crawling around up there
now my psychic powers you're right did come into play again because here's this facts from Tucker who says
my choice for the top july njahu is the banjo playing son of fsu coach bobby baudin
who is no slots in the jahu department himself but can't come close to him in bread sun terry
Tucker this is the greatest facts in history mankind one of the best and happy belated birthday thank you
this is old mother tucker who says terry baudin yeah huh y'all come back now out of here
and they put him on there with a state face like like this is a real human being
i'd rather i'd rather give turn it all over to precious on passions
she's got the goods man she had the license numbered here on charlie's getaway car
she did yes she did it was a precious thing well okay and it's amazing that she can
keep those numbers straight with all that boo she's drinking now too
her and old india they're just chugging it down
don't isn't that the picture you generally get out when you see like a terry baudin you see a guy like
barefoot with his feet up on the damn pot belly stove chugging the moonshine
the play right that way yeah he's chugging a big old a big old what do you call it a bottle
a little jug oh right he's got the jugs big old jug of moonshine
oh
that's terry baudin baby y'all come back now
here's a good one from pd and nm in new mexico who says she says very happy birthday
love yesterday shalvo give me a good case of ajira keep hammering away at these bone suckers
oh don't knock the bone suckers p.s doctor fill for your pool is an excellent choice how can we
forget about good old doctor for you know he's another one he he's like it's like that syruf
is just dripping from his lip you know that that phone e phone e droll that syrupy crap in his
it's taken is nothing worse than syrupy crap look at this George w bushes moving toward the top
back are developing their greatest resources right it's right on our pool w
chessie hummus 53 George w bush 51 is a late addition
that's the only back man he's on a roll stromthurmin 50 to be key 21 doctor fill six oh how do you
already get on there you already send it up good i'm working ahead uh john rocker for terry
bomb one come on you can do better than that terry baudin terry branch all one and willy
Nelson and Steve spurrier just went on there and if you reload one more time if we want if you
reload one more time i bet you're trying to whosen first place i bet he sounds like they deserve
to be active citizens there he is oh man uh it's reloading but it's not reloading quick
i heard it is oh yeah he just went over oh i want to hit a jessie in strom 54 for w the
biggest drooling idiot yahoo of the mall i didn't say idiot i said yahoo but in his case okay here's
the petty story all right no uh tom petty on his list and him petty was 18 year grandson of Richard
son of Kyle uh died petty is what it's i guess he's one of died that's no right no man nobody laugh
it does nascar people man why don't this goes we're going 180 miles an hour there and a little
tight oval and him petty was the 18 year old grandson of Richard who was the son of Kyle who was a son
of a feature man but anyway i guess he's the one who died well i thought portion we're sorry to
hear that just like bobby hatfield it's really medley and bobby hatfield the righteous brothers
here's rich shog in the dust off the old cap and played for the 45 minute time just this week
on magic one of two point seven who play at least a whole bunch of records every year
got third man over and over again man that guy that uh what is his name again bob uh shmuck
shwant Hamilton the third shwant Hamilton the fourth he is a moron and even didn't even rich
shraw make that comment they didn't come on say it because he needs the work but he in as much
animated that he's not too happy with that real tight playlist where they played build me a
buttercup 15 times an hour not what the public wants to hear okay and even though we may have
i can't remember a time when i liked any of the righteous brothers music you know what i mean
no i do there may have been a time in my life when i thought hey that's because i know i
played it on the air as a district many years ago about a hundred but i just can't remember that
far back that i actually could have liked that because it's just been you've just been brutal
it'd be even beaten over the head with it like somebody took a righteous brother cd and just
pulverized you with it kind of like the way teresa was getting pulverized by guinea on passion
a couple of days ago right yeah the bed pan remember that yeah and the new k k on she's got to go
on passions is she like permanent too close the enemy soap operas when they change actors and
actresses for the characters especially ones that have been on there for a long time the new case
she is the worst she's she's not evil she's not you know in fact the old k looked a lot like your
wife George yeah yeah she was very attractive and had that same first same facial features yeah
and she also had like an unwanted baby i mean how do you like that human no you know something
it's interesting because she tricked Miguel into getting her pregnancy not armagile i don't think
and even better looking Miguel she tricked Miguel into getting pregnant so anybody who looks like that
all you guys beware look out put on your rubber's end goulaches before you venture in take a pill
and then don't do it take a pill and pass on the thrill 27 past 11 to 5 60 wqm hey let me tell you
on loose some weight on you fat people boy there a lot of us are fat i am so tired of being fat
in the audiences tear to hear about it if you're tired of being fat check out balance for life
the beast lost 50 pounds if he would have stuck with it he'd be he'd be trimming slimy probably
look like slim pickens right now and you really can't acoustic with it because it's an easy way to go
there's no cookin no shopping no cleaning ever see him and slim pickens together same guy yeah who
used to be anyway no calorie counting no carb counting with balance for life they do all the work all
the figory in the counting for you and they put together delicious food i mean really gourmet
omelets and frittades and chicken dishes and beef and all kinds of really good stuff using the
best fresh ingredients you'll be amazed and they deliver it to you in the little black sack every
morning wherever you want by six o'clock in the morning there's all the food you'll need to keep
you full and happy and healthy all day long three gourmet meals through delicious snacks and it's
the only company in the universe that lets you choose between two choices for each meal and snack
everything that you're on a program this in your menu once a week you fill it out faxed back to
him and that's it that's all the work you have to do besides shoveling all that good food down
so if you're sick and tired of being overweight out of shape wearing pupthens lethargic being
diabetic or red undaverged of it let balance for life get the job done if you failed with all the
others you'll start seeing results on that scale in just a matter of days call balance for life
today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two
twenty nine or few more info about their program check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com
shit!
queue mighty
Him goes when two fish are free
He should be committed by this week
I think Rocker's mental, his brain is a rental
Maybe he took it from Manson
He should keep his trash out
Or he may give his throat cut
He'll be around as long as Manson
He's a redneck, needs a brain check
He's a big round, living out sound
And gold, sweet, cheap, and jelly-free
He should be committed by this week
Got Rocker's got six votes, he's moving up the ladder
I can't believe Terry Bowden's holding out a pair
You know what a real teeny tiny pair like ball bearings
He's only got two votes
Who?
Terry Bowden
Oh listen, I mean we got some sports nerds out there
And this crowd, they know who that is
It's just, there's nobody even close
Even W is like a great, the big city slicker by comparison
Keep slick
The National Endowment for Democracy is promoting women's rights
And training Iraqi journalists
Oh this is good right?
And he heals the sun and that bill yesterday
He's talking about women's rights
Nice going W
No wonder he's leaving the pack
Who's the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all
His or was, dead or alive
George W. Bush 74, Jesse Hums 56, Ram Thurman 56
As in Q 56
Toby Keith 21
You notice how Hank in Atlanta and that spot he did during that last break
Spelled off Fury
Oh, that he are our wise and Danny Fury is opposed to
Toby Keith 21, Dr. Filma Groh 13, a real jueling Texas Yahoo Fony
John Rocker 6, Terry Bradshaw 5, Terry Bowden's only got two
I wish I could vote a thousand times for Terry Bowden
He is the definitive, he makes the kid that was sitting in the tree
That Beasley family member in the tree with a banjo and deliverance
He makes him seem like John D. Rockefeller
Willie Nelson's got two and Steve Spurrier's got one y'all to see it
It's like purple in the green
Now this facet is sent me
Keep a scan fisherman
Oh, speaking of the fisherman, how's he doing?
The fisherman maybe he's still in the closet with Aelion
Dear Mr. Neil Roger Schoetz, this must be from Reverend Jones
I think even the Faxes now are starting to be from Reverend Jones
It says I hope you'll consider giving this same poll a twist one day
Instead of drooling Yahoo
Slow-bring it's slavering with one B, slow-bring spick with a K
We'll have a field day without one starting with Rick Snatches
Have a nice day to keep his scan fisherman
Slow-bring spick, well how many slavering spicks do we know George?
I guess he'd like to put you on the poll probably in Rick Sanchez
In Aelion, I don't know if I forgot
Maybe a lot of it
There are quite a few when you come right down to it
There's Rousa Sanchez, what else is there?
Rousa Rousa Rousa, let's figure out what his name is today
Whether he's Cuban or Jewish
Right, what are yours?
Ramon, Saul, Sidor...
He's yours
No, in a hell of a year, no he's gay
You take him, yeah
And well I'll take it under consideration
Okay, we have done the uh, see what the Jews we didn't say
Well who's the most obnoxious Jew of them all?
I would have invaded, you know
So we did like who's the best biggest walking afferent he's Semitism
What a jury sign fell down there in the Nanny people like that
So today we're just picking on drooling Yahoo's
Which I enjoy picking on drooling Yahoo's
They're generally speaking dumb and dangerous
They're just really...
They're spelled both of them
Yeah, they've doubled these
dumb and dangerous
Here's the call from Hollywood, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good
Happy birthday to you
Thank you
I like to give one to the Poles and I got an extra important question
Okay
Yes
For the Poles, Jerry Jones
Oh yeah, somebody did you send the facts?
The Dallas Cowboy owner, I mean
He's a typical Yahoo's
Somebody just passed it and also Jerry Jones, let's get to my get him on there
He's an idiot
And the question is, my brother, Moll and Chester just bought a trailer right
For our investment reason
Yeah
And the man who lived in it was 97 years old
He passed away, his family was up Michigan
And he didn't want nothing to do with it
So he got the trailer real cheap
So he called me over this weekend
And we were going through all this junk throwing at all this stuff in there
And it caused it
I'm asking you this question
That'll trust these Yahoo sports guys
You got a new radio station, okay
I found the baseball bat
And it's an old stuff
And it's got George Bay Roost signature on it
Wow
I want to know if you know where I can call a place
Or a website I can go to to check the old
Send us all
You know, TFF signatures real
And how much does that need work
That's a good question
Because I would say
You know, look under collectibles
Like an yellow pages under collectibles stores
A baseball cartridge
He doesn't go to a library
Do you think they're going to work?
No, that was just going to say
The only problem with that is
Is that you know, if you don't find somebody reputable
They can say, oh, that's worth about 20 bucks
And sell us for 20 grand
Oh, I know it's worth more than that
I mean, I'm not stupid, you know
I mean, someone can put it on eBay
Well, let's see if somebody call in and let us know
Because I don't want to guess
Alright, I appreciate it
Hang on to a tight pal, thanks a lot
Oh, I will
Okay
Jerry Jones, out of their Dallas Cowboys
Who not only is a really joling Yahoo
But also very temperamental
He's got kind of a Southern George Steinbrenner
Okay
Yeah, no, seriously
We're not quite that much money, I assume
Well, here's the schedule for next week
Look at all this stuff
I don't see anything
Oh, yeah, Jimmy's brother, Billy Carter
Would have been good to use to pee on his side of buildings all the time
I guess he used to pee
He was like an omchidon no matter where he was
He just whip it out and take a leak
No matter what the hell he was
And we had Billy Beer
Oh, we put that on
That's a good one, Billy Carter is excellent
I understand it
105 bucks to get to 30 in I-1000
For a band of parriscu, we got it yet
Yeah, I got it
See, well the reason being they don't want to bring the cash in
Because if they give it to Scott, they know that he'll spend it
They don't give it to Scott
They give it to you
Right
Like I said, they don't think they give it to you
No, I mean, that's just unacceptable
You know, you people in that building
I'm going to be there next week
And I don't think I'm going to talk
Aside, I won't talk to George because he won't be there
Right
We'll talk to Scott and I'll talk to
When I'm not going to talk to Farrell either
Because he hasn't given a dime yet, hasn't he?
Hasn't given a penny yet
He'll pony up, I'm sure at some point
Well, when the hell is that going to be?
Well, we get our bonus checks
Now, I get out of here when you get your bonus checks
My fat ass
Christ, we got people in that place making more money than God
105 bucks
Parasite of being able to reach down into his pocket
Deep down in there, you won't find anything else
105 dollars, you ought to be able to come up with a 20
I ought to be able to round that up in 15 minutes for Christ's sakes
There is, see the one thing in WQM, seriously
There is no spirit of cooperation
None
And I'm not just talking about
With this show or any other show with Mo
That it just doesn't exist
Right
Everybody is like an island unto itself
Well, if you would just cooperate with them
Scrum
Quot by doing what?
By talking more
Sports
No
Promoting here
Asking of the partial birth of Berson
Bill is just another in the endless series of blows
Disadministration is striking at our civil liberties
Oh, wait until you hear the story about the PPT Act
I got by the way about how they're using in Vegas against strippers
True story
To establish their neo-fascist regimes as James in this fact
I defy anyone to explain how America's fetuses
Are more viable value important than living a raki children
And how about the American children that were sending over
The kids that are getting blown up every day
The sad fact is that in all likelihood
Will be stuck with Georgie Poo for another five years
As he won't have to run a primary campaign
And will start the presidential campaign with a tidy 200 million bucks in the bank
As we all know he outspent both coordinator combined in the 2000 election
And got the minority of the votes but now he's got his buddies rigging of voting machines
I long for the sweet
Oh, that's a great fine
Did you read this?
Yeah, it's great
I long for the sweet release of death
So that's James B
Don't do it James, you're a young man
You got your whole life ahead of you
Don't jump
I'll see you at the border
I'll be in the North
We are supporting the O-Fy-C-C-C-C-A-M
Tut
Russiansves united within
Looks like he is from large in land
How did he get
Years like that
A handful of golden
Yeah, and now it's time to end this song.
Like it's going on too long.
We can skin-grab victims.
We can't even get a gun.
It's like that.
I look in here with his pimple head.
I'm from a boat full of rats and cranes.
Ooh, it's like that.
Ooh, it's like that.
Ooh, it's like that.
Your brother, Ken and Toronto says what about Larry Flethe?
He is the consummate drooling y'all.
We didn't mean that kind of drooling, Ken.
Oh, that's bad.
Although you do have a good point.
Anyway, great article at Newsweek.
In fact, I just emailed it to Eric.
We'll have it on our website momentarily because it's more important.
I don't think they say Eric, I don't like to usually add on more stuff during the show.
Because I know you are very busy, like Don Corleone.
But Michael Issykov and Mark Hosenbahl lost opportunity.
Remember that story at the beginning of the show?
Hosenbahls.
We can't say that.
Hosenbahls.
On the eve of the invasion of a rack, defense officials were offered a secret back channel opportunity to talk peace with Sodom.
Remember that story from ABC News?
Yes.
Well, guess what?
Newsweek found out about it too.
Sources tell Newsweek that Investigators want to know if one house officials blew a chance to avoid an invasion of a rack.
Other than, wait till you're this.
Okay.
Others see the meeting and others that took place overseas involving Pentagon officials as part of a secretive intelligence operation that was set up by administration hardliners within the defense department and functioned outside the boundaries of the U.S. Intelligence Committee and without congressional oversight.
It was a renegade operation, says one Democratic investigator.
We've been hearing a lot about that.
A lot of scuttle butt, a lot of rumblings.
So the whole story will be down there on our website from Newsweek as soon as Eric puts down lunch.
I'm going to save this.
I long for the sweet release of death.
That could be the greatest back of all time.
Man.
It's not that bad, James.
Well, you know, maybe it is.
Maybe it is where you are.
I'm not there yet.
So anyway, Ross Perot, who is my play that hobby has got to go in him.
Ross Perot, of course, absolutely, right?
Absolutely.
Jouling Yahya.
Here's another good one from our chronic faxagery and beneath the springs, which yes, I do have the story about John Ascroft and the paypudak, which I got here standing by momentarily, about how they're using it to bust strippers in Vegas from the paypudak.
It's just mind-boggling.
Anyway, Jerry says I'd like to make a suggestion for today's poll.
It's a very good one.
It's the right wing Democrat from Georgia, who thinks he's a Republican zeal.
Miller, I saw him drooling this weekend on there on all the talking in shows.
Jerry says, I'm beginning to think we don't stay the chance to November.
Don't keep your chin up, Jerry.
Don't throw into town. That's what they want us to do.
Vote 20, 30 times at least.
And then we might have a trinomins chance against those fixed voting machines, too, by the way.
Who is or was the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all?
Larry Flint's an excellent choice.
We're not going to put them on it.
It's some bad taste.
George W. Bush 102, Jesse Helm 61, Strom Thurman 57, Toby Keith 23, Dr. Phil.
Dr. Phil has got 20, man.
And he's moving up the list relentlessly.
John Rocker's six, Terry Bradshaw's six.
Terry Bowden got four and I was tied with Steve Spurrier.
Hey, I got news for it.
Terry Bowden makes Steve Spurrier look like a British aristocrat.
Willie Nelson, two and Jerry Jones has won out of 289 on a pull so far as we have the search for drooling Yahoo's continuous.
Here's a call from Jacksonville. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a copy of that fifth estate on a video.
It's a May, May, May, May file.
Right.
Now, I'm sure I could rip it to audio and I could burn it on a disc and send it to you.
You know what I'm going to write on your webpage if you want.
That would be outstanding.
Okay.
The comment on that, I think he let the conspiracy theories off easily because that part about the French journalist, Terry Mason,
was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was
a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a
person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person
who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who
was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was
a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a
person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person
who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who was a person who would go or picked up a woman or she was a person who would go to the school hospital please let me get some milk thirty six weeks of milk and this my rising ID status and this lady came out of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniforms of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the uniform of the
or Elliot George Wallace or will focus on less dramatic
drooling Yahoo's man they didn't like them colored
oh and speaking of that that uh...
Fobbos FAU BUS
or will Fobbos
I wasn't either governor Arkansas am I wrong about that I'll tell you what I'm
gonna do right now
since I don't want to leave a man's job
let's see FAU
I hope I'm sponed I write
I haven't seen that in print
uh... or will Fobbos
Syria go or to the national guard to bar the admins
of he was Arkansas governor of black students
what are they going to do?
what?
that guy I saw those news
during the fifties yada yada yada yada
the fifty four supreme court ruling in case of brown versus board of
education place the damaging blow
to the hearts of many white segregationists
and uh... this thing goes on forever I'm never gonna find a verbal
father saw yeah well
here it is
uh... television cameras were rolling as white mob straight into black students
with physical harm as they unsuccessfully attempted to enter the doors
of the school black soul right leaders pressure president ison how are this was
in Arkansas little rock
the san federal troops to protect the rights of the students
as several presidents before any total leaders that progress on the matter must
come slowly
after conferring with governor fobbos president has no choice but to act
you urge fobbos to allow the students to enter the school when thousands
gathered for prevent the students from re-entering the school
ison how are getting tempted to speak with the governor
rather than relating the governor left the state on a business trip
is now federalized the Arkansas National Guards and a thousand paratroopers
from the hundred first airborne
to protect the nine black students for the first time since reconstruction
u.s military forces were sent to
to a state to assist blacks and restore order
orville fobbos in little rock
how do you like that
yeah who
before you were born
showed up you you didn't really love orville fobbos man
now i was thinking of orville fobbos how about orville redden mucker
uh... he wasn't a red dot
he's out of your orville redden mucker you were both i
it was from new england or something
he was one of them crusty new englanders you're right
just like grandpa there in the uh... the uh... the country time lemonade spot
grandma keep telling you this is the truth grandpa was only forty one he just
drank too much of that goddamn country time it'll kill you we get to hundred
and five bucks yet for ban and periscute
uh... if we didn't i may uh... i may just take off i may just go to
lunch early take off a
uh... i'm serious what kind of crap is this it was one thing when it was seven
hundred you know just joking about that
but a hundred and five bucks to get to a nice even thirty eight thousand
to give us kind of like a jumping off point for our next appearance tomorrow
with the world's going to be
napa auto parts
you cheap miserable bastard pretty i'm i'm serious i'm not going to have done
the within people next week i'm going to be there
i'll talk to scotch junior only basic because i have to
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
and i like
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
you know the aluminum chat thing with the toilet seat in the middle
i always wondered what the point to those things were
now i'm old enough to know
it makes it easier to take a dump
like when you go shopping
stop it on the back of your scooter
when you gotta go you just take a dump
right there on the floor honey
because when you're elderly you got the right
uh...
mr. my most things slowly drove down the street
in his white muggy
left a stain on his bench seat
because he didn't have one of them chairs
uh...
and i got another one for our poll
lbj
remember how
md jansson and july yahu man he was like the poster child in those days
just lbj don't know who it is if they don't know lbj then they won't perform
anyway
uh... hundred eleven votes for George w he did you can't touch him
because if he did win the election he didn't have it fixed anyway
three hundred nineteen votes one eleven for w who was the late addition
jessey helms sixty nine
he's probably pissed about that is he did to or what
i don't remember i just can't keep track of these uh...
i just said ancient uh... no he's not
sixty nine strong thermon sixty four he's dead
to be keep twenty three dr. filmer grog twenty one he's drooling
terry branch or eight steve spurious eight
jian rocker seven terry mountains only got five
oh man you people better get with it
will in elsin two jerry jones got one
George Wallace or will fall with less thematics
and uh... lbj will go up momentarily
book says jessey helms was raped she was raped
did you know that no i did not
a book about former army pfc jessey helms
he was sexually assaulted by her iraqi captors
according to the new york daily news which obtained an advanced copy of the book
lynch has no memory of the salt
well she can be really forgot everything
because the book in the movie and all these stories
and all the news reports we had had nothing to do with reality
the biography authorize by lince says scars on her body and medical records
indicate she was sodomized
lynch and author rick brad received a reported million dollars from publisher
Alfred not for the book the records don't tell whether her captors assaulted
her almost lifeless broken body after she was lifted from the wreckage
or if they assaulted her and then broke her bones in the splinters until she was
almost dead brad rights according to the daily news
lynch suffered broken bones and other injuries when she was ambushed in the southern
rickie city of nazaria march 23
her rescue on april one made her a celebrity should return home to palestine
with virginia in july to a hero's welcome after long hospitals stay
the book dispel some of the myths that have grown around lynch's story
including initial reports that she put up a fierce fight against her rickie
attackers lynch said that her m16 jane making an impossible to fire a shot
i didn't this is what she said this is a direct quote
yeah i didn't kill nobody
okay
lynch also spoke of kindness from a raki doctors nurses she denied an assertion
by a raki lawyer
well hammond odette al rahi that she was slapped by one of her raki captors
and she lay in a hospital bed unless they hit me while i was asleep and why do that
she said
they because they enjoyed it but she said i didn't kill nobody she
didn't have uh... she couldn't kill nobody because her gun jam
her thing jammed
dammit she said jammed up until he tight that's what's grand always says
nobody laughs
speaking of jam can i send out a personal message inside of this guy's number
yeah
hey andy don't bring the food next Tuesday
what does that mean
he was going to send me some food from us very far and uh... i won't be hearing you
well we don't want any food there will be no food in my studio when i'm there
that week you can bet your does scots life on that and troen Greg read as well
no chance no way Jose enough of that already
well that was the last time let's see back in february was there for a couple of months
and i had a stroke
that i was there in the summertime for a week and i had the uh... the forty five
pounds of bacon that how he sent over that turned my intestines inside out that i still recover
from in fact just be doing a break i pop in other one of these me lots of tablets
who the anti gas anti-flatula extra strength
the reason i keep eating is as they taste so then good wild sorry wild wild buri
they be good
you're not supposed to eat too many of them
well that you hear this pape would act says laws use can scousing concerns this is
from the uh... reviewed generally li i mean the uh... Las Vegas newspaper
the investigation of strip club owner michael galardi enumerous politicians
appears to be the first time federal authorities have used the pape would act
in a public corruption probe government officials said Tuesday that
you have no other instance in which federal agents investing allegations such as
racketeering and bribery of politicians have employed the patriot act
even bill bell check into happy about it
i don't know that it's been used in public corruption case before this at mark
corral away spokesman for justice department where's that corralo
it's corralo
these can be joker rollo
and attorney for one of the defendants in the galardi case that he research the matter
for hours to think came to the same conclusion
i've discussed this with lawyers all over the country if the government's done this
before this is definitely the first time it's come to light said bigissotry
dominic gentil who represents the former clerk county commissioner loren
alance malone galardi's lobbyist
two of the vatis lawmakers blasted the fbi for employing the act in the galardi
probes saying the agency overstepped its bounds senator harry re-democrat in a
vatis at congress intended the pape to act to help federal authorities route
outtracks from terrorists and spies after the night eleven attacks
the law was intended for activities related to terrorism and not to naked women
said read who has minority whippers the second most powerful democrat in the senate
let me say with galardi in his whole gang i don't condone appreciate or support
all their nakedness but having said that i haven't heard anyone say at any time
he was involved with terrorism
maybe john ascrow sought when he's just like when he saw that naked statue
maybe he was terrorized
representative shelly burkley of nabada said she was preparing an inquiry to the
fbi about its guidelines for using the paypunet in case it don't involve
terrorism the law makes it easy for citizens rights to be abused she said wow
what a concept
it was never my intention that the paypunet be used for garden variety
crams and investigations burkley said
but cararoid cis lawmakers were fully aware the paypunet had far reaching
implications beyond fighting terrorism when the legislation was adopted
october two thousand one i think a lot of members of congress were only interested in the anti-terrorism measures cararoid
said but when a judicia rich committee sat down both republicans and democrats
they obviously discussed the applications that certain provisions could be used
in regular criminal investigations federal authorities confirm money the fbi
used the paypunet to get financial information in its probe of galardi in his
diglings with current informal politicians in southern nabada
one source said two laws vegas stockbrokers were facts of penis october twenty
if asking for records for many of those identified either as a target or subject of
the investigation the list includes galardi owner of jaguars and cheetahs
topless clubs
mullon former commissioner Aaron Kenny and a bunch of other people we never heard of
i do like that the paypunet is going after naked boobies man whatever they do that
uh... we never thought they'd do that
well maybe john ascroft and arranged to least have been covered up a little bit like that statue
we don't like maybe naked tenies in the bush administration are here in damn tea at that right now man
the pasty of that
that's right they're gonna cover up them a pasties
with some nice sweet pastries
and
i was going to make a crack about danish but they wouldn't appreciate it
i'll screw them here's a okay here's a call from my any hello
yes sir yeah uh... and you're actually
the biggest yada
and ejection no and ejection
and you jackson
get chattie kill all in the end of the world
andy he's a good old boys he knocking president andy jensen john john john
are you johnson i wonder if he ever knew andy jackson see this probably is got to be
people that we we
even have like some pictures of we do have and rejection on a twenty dollar bill
right right
is the end of twenty
he's also you never have one that big i think he's on a twenty
watch out
you got a twenty
whoo
there okay so there's something that
what yeah
that's jackson
and who jackson what i think i'm on a roll today i might as well quit while i'm ahead
since we don't have the other hundred and five bucks for banan pet rescue
and my colleagues and cohorts there you people are tighter than a god damn which is
ass man
just unbeatably inversing well let's see speaking the type was we got the mad
dog at two he's tight all right the hump are at four he's too busy with the
dandy theory
you got her who hotline from tony romans at seven any k out in on Vegas look at that
what a segue
he's probably looking at some boobies
andy and vagus nine to two what kind of a show is that nine to two since when is he
do that
most probably is the bonus to the audience because we didn't want to bring in the big
one hour enough of him already and john mark overnight and of course my
close best personal friend my new main man not
absolutely in the morning
that's our schedule and for all eight to ten who better bring in check in tomorrow
god damn it i'm i'm tired of this crap i feel like you know like you do with the
dog you teach him to beg that's how i feel
get up on your hind legs kneel and put your paws up in the air and beg and maybe
we'll give you a few bucks then have to beg the beast brought in a money and
Clara what's in there not clearance Curtis
right that's the great part about that places the people who are making
the most money with one exception being me the people who make it a most money they're
given the least they're doing nothing
they won't lift a finger
while they some of them did lift the finger not too happy about which one it was either
George W 120 votes he's doing it baby the biggest
drooling Yahoo of them all Jesse Helm 72
Strom Thurman 68 and then it's way down it's only a three horse race so far to
Toby keep 23 dr. Phil 22 Steve Spurrier 10
Terry Bradshaw is up to eight Terry Bowdens up to seven
John rocker seven Willie Nelson to Jerry Jones won
none yet for George Wallace or Vilphovis less dramatic
for LBJ because this audience a bunch of punks they don't even know who
they're those people work and the people old enough to remember they somebody
somebody teach him how to use the computer okay
the only online they know is when they're shopping at
publics then they're waiting online
yeah Mike in plantation says oh it is a good one
let me give you a little clue as to what Mike in plantation says
the media is sick and they talk badly although she did happen to be right there
Tammy Faye Baker and Jimmy Swagger excellent
like in plantation telephangelist most of more and I got another one for you
Jimmy Swagger Tammy Faye Baker and I don't know how you spell his name
Ernest Amesley say baby I'll spell it with an
angel I think he's like from Aintree Amesley man he is brutal
that bad bad hair piece we've been telling for years put your hands on your
head Ernest and pray the Lord to heal your bald spot and just won't do it or go see
Chuck Alphairry he won't do it God one of the worst hair pieces even Sam
Donaldson laughs his ass off of that piece of crap say baby
baby in fact you notice almost all the telephangelists are a drippin Yahoo's
except for that Reverend Schuller there was crystal freaking cathedral
they like to preach to the choir that's right that whole religion thing man
him sub in Baptist little boys 1213 and 560 WQM your anti-Christ station
your heathen station your no bull crap for us station number the God crap for
us we are too smart for that imagine zero closing costs on your next
mortgage imagine this zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero
discounted points imagine a new piece of copy from Todd Rex someday that
actually reads and has somebody tacked out with all this other crap in it
this will be the last mortgage you'll ever need the revolutionary only one
mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate of just 1.95
percent which means for example for instance if you have a $200,000
loan your payments are only $738 a month once you refinance you get a new
home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever never ever pay closing
cost again so get more info about it call 1-800-940-Lend grab real
financing power with low rate mortgage you can move to your next property
without any further cost or expense only one mortgage from financial
group that's what it's called for details call 1-800-940-Lend it's a whole new
way in a smart way to buy there is zero underwriting fee you pay zero
dock fee zero prepayment penalty zero closing cost even when you move to
another property so get yourself financing at the astonishingly breathtakingly
low rate of 1.95 percent never pay closing cost again call financial group
today and find out about it call 1-800-940-Lend 1-800-940-Lend
equal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly
5.19 APR
why
why
local
sports video
560-CU-A-M
peace and quiet and I don't need to listen to my bag party frank
rangen in my ear because I made a few bucks off a book I worked on
okay this is the seek free and Dennis Miller audition let's begin
okay Mr. Dennis Miller here I am going to be giving you this magic one
oh hang on a second here you give me a one dr. Freud pick up the white courtesy
phone hey nice outfit you got there thinking yeah you look like Carson
Cresley after he rated evil carnivals wardrobe hey listen Liberace
all right this is gonna work out okay in my mind there hasn't been a decent
two-some-of-a-thing distance Louis Bremen and Keely Smith okay I mean I don't
know what you're doing okay well I'll leave you with the words of our comedies
all right look it up never hit on 16 okay thanks
putting him on putting Dennis Miller on with sick free then
or be like putting lead you let on the near larger show on Zeta kind of the same
thing okay 1218 at 560 WN128000 new troops sent next year beginning of the
year to Iraq bringing a whole bunch of people back hundred and some about
thousand that's what rummy says here I'm giving Rumsfeld United Nations yeah
five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on a dick army that's why I played
that drop in there dick army ARMY Juleen redneck from Texas
remember dick army absolutely don't help from Barney Fag he likes peace of quiet
he likes a piece quietly here's a call from Miami hello
you sir yeah that was great reading yesterday the only one thing I came away
with was where's Ken the star when you need him yet another one for your
pull is that guy from Mississippi Trent Laud
Trent Laud is excellent with her without the pom-poms definitely but I have a good
afternoon and happy birthday man thanks a lot pal I have a great day man Trent Laud is
excellent man you talk about a Juleen Yehu he might be he might be the definitive one
you know maybe might not as good as Terry Baughman certainly ain't going to be
W nobody can be W because like I said if anybody did he'd have the election
returns over it turn anyway they'd overturn a result hundred and thirty three
votes he's like he's gonna have like more than double he's gonna have like triple
let's face it they hate him like poison they hate him they despise him unlike us
who just find him revolting and disgusting and grotesque and dumb and dangerous
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T how about that
hundred and five bucks how's it coming I'll get it in a microwave here come on he
did up what's the change in there maybe we'd like make them popcorn put a few
quarters and half dollars in there maybe they'll like multiply put a few kernels in
there here's a call from Hollywood hello Neil yes sir wow that book is the
great yes it is yes it is you read it but you know but I read the book and it's all
good for you thank you yes if did you read the Franken book yet no I got it sitting
on the floor in the room I got about six votes lined up there that got a read
it's funny itself I mean it's funnier it's funnier than Michael Moore actually
it's it's really funny if you can get the audio version he does it himself right and
like a nine hour stand-up routine is actually good incredible yeah so I don't know
I would recommend it and not on for your list I would I would add that guy on the
on morning edition he does those he's that the radio the the cowboy poet and the
small animals veterinarian I don't know I can't remember his name but he tried
to be like a yeah who intellectual type of guy yeah I don't know you never heard
him you don't know who he is have no idea who that is well he should be on that
list because he's a dumbass okay somebody you'll know thanks a lot pal I have a
right there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty audio how can we
elect Trent lot off of there huh we're so many Juleen idiots and so little time
Trent freaking lot Senator McCain warns against reducing troops in Iraq
U.S. military forces five six seven oh five sixty pound I'm getting impatient
about that hundred and five bucks I'm starting my hemorrhage they're starting to push
away but no I really am I just I don't understand what it takes and I know some of
them people are listening they just absolutely positively absolutely will not
participate they will I'll tell you one little bastard that places never
given one dime for anything that we've erased money for ever ever yeah and that's
our little twerp guilty ever he's got a wife and a little kid yeah right never
gave us a penny a cent for anything whether it was center one whether it was a
plan parenthood whether it was abandoned pay rescue no matter what the hell it was see
sometimes people say oh well they just don't want to be involved in center one
because that's a gay thing you know or some stupid thing like that okay how about
Camilla's house was that a gay thing no that's right but it was with a Catholic
church so maybe one there you go plan parenthood well that's a liberal thing you know
huh and what about a panda well that's an animal thing that's a pita thing it's
a what a pita thing liberals hippie's he doesn't say that there's about that
he doesn't care who now cares about little animals how about starving little
dogs and cats right here's a call from my boy look at all of Miami calls on
there it's kind of scary in it here's Miami hello how can you yes sir happy
belated birthday thank you and happy early birthday for me for Sunday
you're a birthday you mentioned this game out in the first
hour thank you very much you're welcome you mentioned this game in the first
hour and I can't believe you didn't see the put his name on the wish automatically judge
Roy Moore yeah yeah somebody out there vote for me I don't have a computer so okay
okay we'll do it for you out of material thank you have a great day pal I have a
great life judge Roy Moore you ain't gonna take the m10 commandments way from
mecha you're gonna burn in hell I'm going to a higher authority than folks at
Hebrew National 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and you wonder when you look
at that electoral map you wonder about the red states and the blue states and
the purple states and the purple people leader all of these things and then
little purple pill called next year does that stuff really work Dota I'm here
that next year really gets a job done for the pharmaceutical companies what I
had a big story about the Canadian I don't even want to go into it anymore I'm so
tired of it you know oh we know those drugs that you're getting from Canada
they're coming in from China and from India and Canada knows nowhere and from
Sri Lanka and there's a whole bunch of pus and crap in the can in the bottle
whatever and of course the best part of the deal is that some people in America
are so stupid they actually believe it oh it's coming from Canada oh oh what I
mean is probably coming like from Indonesia coming from like the Antarctica
coming be like frozen pills so we sure as hell don't want them Canadian drugs
down here you know even though the container the little thing and the label
all look exactly the same huh it's just a sub-refuge it's just a counterfeit
we know that because it's from coming from Canada it's like it's a tainted
Canadian meat sugar pills here's a call from Miami hello yeah I got a couple
James Carville and Senator Robert Burk oh two good ones you like that I
I love that I think anybody who votes for a resolution calling for
regime change in Iraq and then flip-flops see now you're talking politics
spell which is fine but that's not what we're talking about James Carville I
mean you know this guy obviously don't like Democrats which is fine you're
entitled or like four or five like you but you're right James Carville is a
Jewel in the Yahoo and Senator Robert Burk is not only a Jeweling but an
ancient Cinal Old Yahoo that bird with a Y that's bird with a Y who used to be a
card care member the Ku Klux Klan many years ago but he's seen the error his
ways Robert Burk from West Virginia with a banjo on his knee see this guy was
fine that you want to put them on there but then you want to go into a whole
political speech about Robert Burk did this and then yeah he's got a lot of
company by the way I should point that out bum Phillips oh there's a good one
bum Phillips the football coach of the Houston or is on being asked about Don
surely quoted he can take he can take his and beat urine and turn around and
take urine and beat his and let me read it again he can take his and beat
urine and he can turn around and take urine and beat his and
you ever take urine oh sure all the time
this is for 20 or by 16 are you in for it right now
yeah this is Randy West and as per our phone conversation I talked to Peter
North here the day he tells me your real name is Neil down and he's still
interested
baseball's courage teams the Boston Red Sock and the Chicago Cubs came with
in a few outs of the 2003 World Series now you can relive all the cursing with
this commemorative video from sports irritated
come
smoothly again
the cursing of
other
fucking
go
red socks and cubs a season of cursing free with your subscription to sports
irritated
profiles every curse from this year's profane postseason
Aaron
Boone
Boone
Boone
Are you fucking kidding me
this obscene all my suit baseball's most of the curse teams captures every
throw the first every throw the home every beer bottle thrown at the TV set
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
and
the
in
losing
office
in
losing
560 W. Kimi you do realize today is the 6th of November right and and we don't even have 40 grand yet for abandoned powers
But I don't even have 38 however, but current events. Yes, we sent news. Yes, we got a check here
From from our best close personal friend Dave Hagen and his wife Dave Hagen and his wife right for
$50 all right. Thank you Dave and your wife
$50 so now or 55 bucks shy as the pattern of
People that can we oh yeah, it's really interesting Dave Hagen and his wife Dave who's like a flucky sports and nerd guy there
Who's probably getting paid about six bucks an hour maybe?
Who's a good guy never still afraid train comes over to check for 50 beast comes up with a check for a hundred
Curtis a check for a hundred Chris is making like a dollar seventy five an hour there
And yet the guys with a big bucks there all the big shots all the big celebrities is there any assistance whatsoever so far
No, no tough came to a big time. I don't want to start mentioning cuz then I'll leave somebody out
You know like Ray Perry go came through right who else right and Adam and sales
What about all the other sales people that are siphoning off from this goddamn show tons and tons and tons of cash
Every day when they sit down with their family at the dinner table and they lift the fork to that the goddamn mouth
They're forking us
That's right because it's our money that put that food on the table from this show
It's the commission they're getting from a siphoning off on this show and what do we get back from them?
Not even at not even a good with of it
55 bucks is all we're sure to get us to 38 grand and then I'll dummy up for the rest of the day if we just
55 dollars and
And you're right the people that are coming through for us
And I'm I'm almost embarrassed to take their money because these people can't afford it
But they still give a crap enough to try to help out. We should have a charity for them
That's right. They're right. We should be collecting money for the people that are helping us out most of them need it
It's always that way the ones who can afford for the most part they wouldn't give you the time of day for 50 cent
I'm human we are I'm disgusted we want it now Josh
Josh
Cheap piece of crap. I believe I said you you was gonna want a you of emery
Listen to me. I'm listening. He was gonna give it to you in person and the check to
I don't want it from him in person believe you me and nothing he's got that I want
55 bucks, so now he'll give it to you in person. Yeah, in personal what 55 bucks?
Nice that he's pledging 100 a
Hundred yeah, woo heavy duty that puts us over 38 grand
What do we need 55 so now we got 38,045 bucks if my math is correct, right? Right?
No, I know 38,045. Well, what tell you mean you don't know you're supposed to be a
What was your math you're supposed to be a good? Well, I'm a mathematician man
I know my numbers. I've seen a few good numbers and done a few recently
Here's a fact it's thanks a lot of clearance. Okay better late than ever you slay
I'm gonna give it to me in person you are so full of it man so full of crap
Our gym neighbors in Antigriff at the whoever sent this face must have watched the CBS special the other night to 75 year anniversary special because they were on together
Right, I noticed I ended in stand-to-close to them, but they were on together
I never really was gym neighbors a real young who cuz I know my degree fifth was just acting like one
Both of more that was gonna be my comment cuz gym neighbors if you ever heard his music
He's saying that old man
That was the funny part of it is that gomer pile you talk like this miss that yeah, and then that old man
Yeah, that's right. So that was just a put on an Andy Griffith the same thing Andy was kind of I wouldn't say a big city slicker
But he was he would know dummy Andy Griffith. What do you mean was he's still alive?
So there you go. We'd appreciate that fast, but we're not putting them on there
NPR given record donation see look at this nothing make me cry
She didn't leave us anything Joan Croc
You know who her husband was right Ray Croc you know what he started
The croc pot
McDonald's oh, yeah
Then he died
Joan inherited McDonald's all that money. Oh, you know, she just recently died. At least he was a philanthropist
Joan Croc she left $200 million the largest donation in the history of NPR National Public Radio
The request from the widow of the founder of the McDonald's fast food chain both shocked and delighted people and NPR's headquarters in Washington yesterday
It wants to almost twice NPR's annual operating budget somebody once told us to Peter North
They said no one saw this coming scored scored said one person
You know he could have been dangerous in this day Peter North
Yeah
The nonprofit organization which will disclose details of the request at a news conference this afternoon
COVID-19 the largest monetary gift ever received by an American cultural institution in a brief announcement to its staff yesterday
And they all said okay, goody. Let's divvy it up
200 million
I'll take 200 million f'ing dollars for National Public Radio. You know what that that's that's like $10 for every listener
What are you laughing about how many people in America listen to NPR?
About 30 man. No tell me. I know you listen to what I've never heard it in my life. Oh Neil
How could you see that I've never heard in my life? I wouldn't know where to help to fight it on the dial in Miami
Well, you might want to when you get in town because you know what what our good friend
There's on there now though. Like I said, I would never dream of turning it on
Why would I want to hear NPR? Oh, it's riveting
Croc 75 that a brain cancer October 12th in San Diego. She'd been a long time listener of NPR's local affiliate KPBS
But had no formal association with NPR or the funding of it
People in NPR said she expressed admiration for their coverage of the events leading up to the war and reporting the word
So her gift NPR is one of several that flow from her estate last week the University and of course
The San Diego Padres
Padres
We're owned by Ray Croc and then she took it over and ran the team after he died
Last week the University of San Diego and the University of Notre Dame and oh no see
I was gonna say something good about it, but she gave 50 million in Notre Dame. Oh Jesus Christ
50 million dollars to that anxious obnoxious
Disgusting organization
Screw you Regis
In 1998 he gave 25 million to us D San Diego for establishment of the Joan P. Croc Institute for peace and justice
Now Notre Dame has a similar institution which was established in 86 with a long history of philanthropy
She donated to individual public radio stations in the past two hundred million dollars for NPR
From Joan Croc and now she's dead. Oh after the break I got into the AmeriOlephant the latest update. Oh good
I just want to say this okay to Bishop Victor Curry you are a you're an asshole man
Always have been always will be he's no kid Curry
He is so consistently full of crap this man on his WNBM on his little Schwarzer station here
This guy is just pathetic always trying to get me off the air always a misquoting things that I say a real Oja
Provocateur Bishop Curry and he's part of this whole thing. Oh, well, you better keep Miriam elephant under penalty. You know, whatever
Pemily or what?
What are you gonna do Victor? Throw some old
Pork Rines at her
Christ almighty
Anyway, that's the same stuff. It's just neurotic repetition. They always oh, we're gonna push you into this and we're gonna
Pressure that you better do this and we're gonna like boycott. We're gonna screw you already okay
Remember when Nelson Mandela came to a
Miami-Bee's
Years ago, Jenny didn't give him the key to the city and they didn't lick him the right way in the right place
And then here not too long ago they had like issue of formal apology
So it was nothing at all the unrest of the you know the Oja Provocateur Goyama there because the Nelson freaking Mandela
20 till 1 a Q a m
It won't be long now before all those relatives start showing up for the holidays
Maybe your parents are coming on for the entire winter god forbid in either case if you need a new mattress in the house
Then do the smart thing the people at Q a m are doing it too call 1 800 mattress not just I but a whole bunch of other people George
Uses them Miguel Bokobrine even fat boy ordered an extra king-sized king and for all would like to and for all
Well, hey, by the way for all wants his bed fat boy you lazy no good piece of turret. I understand you're busy eating
Hi, howdy, but get off your fat ass or just reach over a grab your instrument there in the phone too and
Get up out in your walker waddle over to the thing and they get with it for all wants his bed from the Out of mattress
He's probably willing to pay for it
cost
Anyway, forget about that
Much of crap you get from the other
mattress people and you're betting in departments doors because the mattress industry is full of phony claims in shell games
If the auto mattress no phony promises no bait and swish no
Crap just discount presses every day on the brand names you know and trust now including stirons and foster hewitt and when you call
Dollar mattress at 1 800 mattress you'll hear this sound
Hi, howdy
You picked the day in time for delivery within a tour when no seven days a week from 80 m to 10 p.m
I've been sleeping on a mattress from these folks for years and your back bowl
Thank you your back will actually like a little voice will open and your back say thank you
In fact, I'd leave and say hi a pally
Honest sales prices fantastic service every day low prices same-day delivery and free setup and removal so it's easy to see
Live dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction
Don't be fooled don't get sucked in by those so-called giants in the mattress industry or the furniture stores where you're paying to help them for their big overhead
They can't match which you get every day of your life from dollar mattress pick up the phone now call 1 800 MATT RES
1 800 MATT RES or online check them out at mattress.com
Just take your back like when you were a teenager remember sitting on your porch and a cool summer evening
Popping a zit with your fingers and then eating it well the great taste is back at the pus palace
Yes delicious creamy soft serve pus in a cone or a dish with your choice of toppings all the great taste of your body
You enjoyed as a kid like warm your wax
Scab chips at our new booger bits the pus palace ice cream you scream we all scream for pus and of course when Greg Reed comes around
A building opening up his mouth everybody screams because he's got like tankers man
From his strep to kaka or whatever he's got
Kaka oh I gotta say this in regard to that last bit about the pus yeah the great it well not the greatest
I mean like you know when you were I don't want to do enough because I got that your infection was just
I'm gonna go thanks for that suggestion the polys form by the way for coming along good. Yeah, I've been there done that
Have you well? I've had that it infected
Put behind your ear like when you rub behind your ear and then you oh man
It sometimes smells pretty good. I don't know what it is you were gonna say when you get a nice blackhead and it just like an
I'm talking about that. I'm talking about aromas about that
Behind your ear now ear you like smell a belly, but one of the best and I'm doing it right now because I'm sitting here in my boxers shorts
Hmm
From what you know what?
Oh
What did you say?
Nothing
Has to be done. Oh no you're wrong. You have to be done with that middle finger
I guess ticket that does not smell maybe like your ass not mine. Jesus Christ
Yeah, I only wish we had smell radio man if it's not you'd say well that smells pretty good
I'm gonna get everybody's ready for luck. Yeah, let's do a scratch your speaker. Let's sniff it. Okay
Wow
Eric speaking of sniffing a big fat one
Eric has got the newsweek story up there nice going Eric. Thank you lost opportunity on the even
The invasion of Iraq defense officials were offered a secret back channel opportunity to talk peace with Sodom and
Of course the powers that be said. Oh
You see we've had articles on there for those of you who actually read which I know is revolutionary about the fact that this kind of like shadow
Government is really running the whole deal now. It's cheney and rummage felled and wolf wits and purl and all of this much of lunatics
These these chicken hawks they're running the goddamn show
In case you hadn't figured it out yet Alfred E. Newman. He's just the face man
He's just the the connection to the God squad. That's all
Speaking of that black ministers fight to keep Miriam elephant is Broward elections chief
Can you believe this in?
In a live radio broadcast it ran almost three hours some Broward County black preachers yesterday
stood firmly behind Miriam elephant chastised black politicians who withdrawn their support and found to use the power of the pulpit
To keep the beleaguered election supervisor in orifice
We still support Miriam elephant said the Reverend Eric Jones of
Coinonia worship center and Carver Ranges coignants the what coigno worship center
Coinonia oh
Coinonia
In Carver Ranges who has the Southwest Guard ministers alliance
We try to stay away from the black and white issues
But it's hard not to play the race card when it's on the table. It's obvious to us. There's no reaction
I hate to break the news to your Reverend Jones
Ha
His name is Reverend Eric Jones
And Reverend joy. Yeah, I hate to break the news to you, but there ain't no race god on the new whether it's called
Non-Compass penis is what it's called okay Reverend. She's incompetent. She can't get the job done
Whether she's black brown white purple pink green your game. No, not that Reverend Jones
A day after a mailed in an election in which 17% of the ballot center of voters were returned as undeliverable
Members of the Broward ministerial allowance and not alliance announced it
It would take to their pulpits immediately to urge their congregations throughout the governor and show support for elephant
The meeting underscored a deepening riff between black preachers and black elected officials
The preachers man you put them together. They got a collective IQ about
It may be Miriam today said bishop victor t curry host of the morning glory hole radio show on WMBM
1490 which broadcasts from the bride ministerial alliance meeting at Ebenezer missionary Baptist Church and Helen Dale Beach
You think Ebenezer scrooge has something to do with that Ebeneer and Ebenezer my ass
It could be Christmas tomorrow or else he hastings tomorrow or Joe Eglity in next year said curry
Referring to the state house democratic leader the congressman and the broward county minister respectively
We should have each other's backs
We're not condoning wrong which has been cleared of ethics charges
We're not talking about a criminal here. Tell we're just talking about somebody who's incompetent you idiot
On yesterday's broadcast elephant spent an hour discussing her plight and defending her office
The supervisor said that all her office was in adequately funded by the county commission
She had run successful elections including Tuesday's mail-in since the mistake little gubernatorial primary September 2002
I struggle with budget issues elephant said I have an adequate budget
I've tried to work it out when in doubt work it out and seek assistance with the county commissioners
Where do I go from here is what my lawyers and I talk about
Reiterating her responses in a 10-page letter sent to governor jib bush on thursday
She challenged the credibility of a severely critical report on her orifice
Written by a state task force to report described the orifice in disarray
Lacking leadership and not undertaking tasks urgently needed to prepare for next year's voting
Oh my god, I can just see the hang-and-chats all over again now in
Wow, God, I can see we're gonna have to get that judge down from Palm Beach the one with that diggy evil eye right
He's looking up to the sky, you know google. I keep looking through that hole
Man with political leaders including brown County commissioners calling for her removal
Bush has given all of that until Monday to address the deficiencies or faces pension
In her letter to the governor. She said the review was an effort to debate. What is it that every time you dark folks
You'd all bet out of shape
It's got to be about another dark. He what is that all about?
That's just like the old thing. Oh, we don't want to play the race card, but we will that whole thing there with a black power salute at the end of that trial
That was the one of the most disgusting. I'm not and you know this business about well payback is invention
What what is that?
What's right for the goose is right for the gander what's wrong for the goose is also wrong for the gander
You idiots you mindless morons you simple things you like bishop curry and kid curry what else wrong with you
Yeah, I heard that music your play mr. It sucks
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless number looking for the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all
Here's a call from margate. Hello
Margate yes, sir
Hey, no, I got a question for you. Is there any grudge on your list? That's a good one. Oh, he's got to be top dog because I think he was the first of the Republicans to start all this nonsense
And then it followed down to Trent Law and everybody else. Yeah, he was he was the original Yahoo
Yeah, he is
I have a good birthday and
Joyless to be thanks a lot. Yeah, Newt Gingrich. He belongs on air man. He's still doing a hanky panky
His wife is still dying of cancer and he's still screwing around on the side coming to the hospital
Say hey sign the divorce paper sweetheart
You bitch
What I mean, it's the same old. It's like rush limbaugh all over again same crap
Finger-pointing hypocritical sack of crap, Newt Henry Hyde
Henry in his hide in that family he destroyed over there in western
Then he broke up lie to the bitch and told her that oh well. I'm not married. I'm just a bomb. He bought the congressman who's prematurely white-haired
Yeah
He's a crap and he and he's pontificating about blah blah and the blow jobs that was good
Just like the guy that had a resign Bob. What that was his name Bob? Well at Livingston. That's right. Mr. Livingston
Oh, wow. How do you like that that maples?
If you're going to start, you know, what this whole thing about everybody's sexual pecker dealers
They know it's going to be an endless list
Endless list and let me say it again
The ones in the closet who are pointing their fingers the Newt Gingriches in the world
The Bob Livingston's in the world the Henry trying to hide it of the world
These are the ones that have got that as skeletons of rattler-mond looks like a guy named it looks like a medical lab in their closet
It looks like U of M medical school was they do have one you notice how nobody ever talks about getting education at U of M
Huh, they do that there because like I said yesterday a U of M education is an oxymoron
I thought it was just football and rape. I don't want to start in on that so-called diabetes expert there at the U of M
What he knows about diabetes you could stuff off it up his ass and have about 400 pounds of glucose left over
He doesn't know anything about it and then they're responsible for killing me
Many years ago. I don't want to mention no names
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line here's my me garden. Hello. Hey, Neil. It's going on. Yes sir. How are you?
I was about the donate those $55 that you needed but I guess I got that so we got to have a lift
We got to have the hook for old times sake. I need I need to change it up a little bit on the news coming up tonight
I don't know if it's channel 10 or channel NBC six
But they're going to have an investigation of bilingualism
They're going to send an American guy down the date county to see if anybody speaks English and they're going to send a Spanish person
Over down the Broward County. They're going to do some sort of experiment
I thought you I thought you would think it would be pretty interesting to see if anybody speaks English
to see if anybody speaks English in date County and then they're sending an American person over to
The date County. I'm sorry in a Spanish person the Broward County English K. S
Exactly the title of the thing is Avila English
Is the name of the title of the story
I can't wait for that. I just gonna be pretty good in now by the way Jim neighbors was fucking Andy Griffin
That was good. That was beautiful
Five six five sixty five five sixty
On the 80 and see yeah he had a chocolate surprise
The goober must have run the camera. Oh man look out for the tomato peels Jim
Well Andy liked his pasta you know all denty
five six seven oh five sixty I think it's a real good time for break
Oh, I don't listen to the one to two hour wouldn't be prudent at this time
Hey dude are you tricky
Oh man I must be tripping because your face is dripping these folks are wearing Dr.
Schmoll psychedelic insult I'm tripping so hard I might start flipping oh
When you talk it sounds like a record skipping the gel and Dr. Schmoll psychedelic insults has a special
Ingredient that's pure ecstasy
You tripping
I'm tripping like Scotty Pippin
I am so tripping I feel like stripping
We do I'm gonna start on
Sippin you
You're crashed on reality
Sleeping and it's all thanks to Dr. Schmoll psychedelic insults
I got a buzz it's totally
RIPPIN
I can't believe
Ah
It's a minute after one at five sixty w.d. I have a little um maple large farms chicken breast roast sliced hmm for lunch
Everything here is maple maple this maple. Oh, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know.
Maple everything maple. I know. They love it
Maple maple cookies maple chewing gum. I'm not that crazy about maple. Are you? No not really. Ah
Meal cookie I can look without those
560 to the 0560 what were you eating the maple cookie? No, I'm eating a slice of chicken breast. Oh, okay
Dr. is that okay Dr
I'll check and I'm taking it because they just popped a leverquin from my little ear infection
And Duff is taking leverquin. I think I think Greg ought to be taking leverquin stick one in his
And by the way don't stand up for your fast Greg they have a tendency to fall out
Here's a lady in homestead. Hello
Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hey, Pally. How you doing, Pally? I couldn't let today go by without wishing you a happy birthday. Hi, Pally
I've been listening to you nil for years. I'll be your dance. I better wish you my half birthday. Well, that was nice
How old are you hundreds?
161
161
I'm not I'm not ashamed. I'm proud of it
Have a great day sweetheart. I don't know what the topic is today, but I'll tell you this is can you say shit in the air?
Can what can you say shit in the air?
I waited for it to say the second time before I pressed it. What does that mean? I don't know. I think it was a crazy person
Hmm
What past the night?
See I just took the first bite of my maple leaf sliced chicken breast here and all of a sudden she came out of the woodwork popped out
Took a longer wild the child man
Who is or was the biggest ruling Yahoo of them all George W. Bush 157
He's got a hand down your pants
Strom Thurman 78
Jesse Helms 77
Dr. Phil McGraw 38 you see after those top three it's like really it's like it to another whole category
Yes, another whole
Toby Keith 24
Steve Spirier 15 Terry Bob and 13 that's good. He's moving up the list. He but he he's got to be in the running
John Rocker 10 Terry Bradshaw 8 Trent lot. How come there's no one there's only one T and Trent
Trent lot
four
LBJ 3 Tammy Faye Baker 3 Jimmy Swagrid 2
Willie Nelson 2 George Wallace appear
Ball headed James Carville 2
Robert Bird 2 bum Phillips 2 or real Fabius 1 jury Jones 1 judge Roy Moore 1
None yet for Ernest Ainsley less dramatic sir Newt Gingrich newt just one honor
You know, I want to tell you something about that awful goddamn show which luckily they're taking it off
I think crossfire okay, there's that obnoxious Richard Pearl at son of a bitch
um
See they put Carville on there who you can't take seriously because he just he's a clown
And then Paul Begalla who is so freaking weak. He's so lame. I figured what I was watching the other day
But they had some some right wing runner who was saying the most outrageous ridiculous things
And then the comeback was so obvious that my little dog who's been dead now for a long time
He could have given the answer and he said maybe believe just let's him off the hook
Because the only guy about 20 minutes in indola go to Schmidt can the show anyway
Didn't know what you said Schmidt something like that
5 6 7 must have been a lions fan. I think she said Joe Schmidt lives man
Here's a call from beautiful bokeh hello
Boca
Hello, yes sir whose meal yes it is just got a name for your list
I haven't heard of yet. Elise okay. I'm missing the morning. Oh he's a Yahoo
Yeah, I want he's a mumbling Yahoo. Okay. Thank you sir. I mean in Fred. I'm just do we want to put him on there?
Because he's not drawing he's he's a mumbling he's drooling all the time. Is he?
That's why where's that thing around his neck that kurchief?
Are you serious to catch the drool no making that up. Oh, are you sure? So I'm good though. Yeah, that's why where's that kurchief around?
So we put him on there sure don't I miss one of the I man. That's the I man to us sir
The I man is that simple news guy and who just licks his ass licks and kisses and oh just sucks heavy duty
A dead man in a chair. We still got to do that pool
Which had man in a chair. I miss the post
First the post-making a big box
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T rumor. I'm hearing the Pope being Polish reader like his cabassa
That's why I heard
Here's Cutler Ridge hello
Color Ridge
Don't you love the way every time I go. Yes, sir. Yeah
Is this nail sounds like Neil oh, okay
Basically what I want to do is I want to tell you that you have a problem
Because in years past you've always had your stuff at borders or somewhere where just keep pedestrian for like myself
It's walk in right by you know
I mean I found items every year right and this year there's nowhere to go get it
You're right. I'm on a telephone to get it and I don't have the internet so this isn't the this isn't the first year
We've had that problem a QAM. We've had that this before
Well, I'm the song that I've never never experienced not being able to get anything right and I'm finding myself in that position
And I'm like hey, I mean I remember even seeing you at the color Ridge mall years ago
That's right. I mean, I mean I actually shook your hand and took a picture with my wife. I mean
And I thought it was great, you know, but the thing is like me
You know, I'm a male guy. What the heck do I suppose to do? I mean, I'm not delivering six days a week in the freaking porn ring like today
And I mean, you know, oh, you've got a thing at one o'clock. Well, hey, that's great
I understand it that's your very right. Well, don't we have a phone number that this gentleman can call?
Oh, yes, yes, there is
You never program that into the into the commercials or nothing
Well, we're going to give it to you right now don't resist so hard. I realize it's
a bit of a day, but trying to help but trying to help you out so you can help us out
Appreciate it. What's that number George 305?
Uh-huh six five oh six five oh oh one five six
Oh one five six you got it and the biggest y'all of all time junior samples from he-ha
Okay, right junior samples from he-ha okay get him on here. How about junior sale?
Junior samples of a long zunner and that number you see he's right that should be in the thing in the spot that we're playing
So that the station could actually accomplish something or doing something for us, but they don't want to be doing that
So we got a hubbuck from clearance. We got 50 from Dave Hagen and his wife. Thank you Dave
He's a good guy just like Curtis. We got a few good people around here and we got some real assholes
five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on the 18th
Well, it's true. We got a lot of assholes in that place no matter where you work when you got a hundred two hundred people in a building
There's gonna be some very nice people. They're gonna be something. Yeah, you know, they're okay
And then they're gonna be some assholes Greg
I just mentioned that in passing screw in you know
Here's the call from Oakland Park hello
First there is no color in our pasture and Scott will now be added to the law. Oh god
Here's the call from Sunrise. Hello. How you doing Neil?
Okay, sir
It reinforces every like
Prejudice and even give some validity look the woman's grossly incompetent absolutely there is no debate
There is absolutely no debate and if somebody is grossly incompetent at their job
You should be able to remove them
It is correct part of the reason there's reluctance by some people to hire blacks or other minorities is that
If they get somebody who's incompetent forget about their color
They can't remove them if they're black without being accused of being a racist
Absolutely sure that's a great point
There are a lot of people do a lot of being in that position of how you people blackmail their way into staying
And I use that term blackmail literally into staying in a position that they're not competent to uh to do
So it creates discrimination just reinforces the whole thing. It's it's terrible now to be fair
My my recollection and maybe it changed is that stupid bitch and Palm Beach county to reso whatever look who are yes
She kept her job after that screw up that's right
I can understand why some black people say if a woman like that keeps her job
You know why are they going after Miriam? Well, I got I got a solution for that. Let's fire both their ass. How do you like that?
We're on the same page obviously right. I don't think Jeb is gonna get rid of her
He warrants voters in brown county to be disenfranchised
I mean, it's it's the most liberal county in the state right
Can be implored up of course keep in mind. That's the place where they fixed it the last time and date and brown
Exactly he wants turmoil he wants voters just enfranchised and the ironic thing is it's going to be disproportionately
probably black voters who get screwed
When she screws up and it's just these reverends are these ministers in the black community all they see is skin color
They don't see what it was you know how she's hurting their community. It's really terrible
Yeah, this thing is going on
I've been fighting it for years and it just makes me want to vomit there
And so it's a part of the black community certainly not all of them
But there's that segment of black people. It's the same with OJ
Oh, he got a raw deal. He didn't do it. There was a the bloody glove was planted
You know all of the Mark Furman any excuse in the world that black people never do anything wrong
I want to tell you something right now seriously
I'm sitting here in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, which is one of the safest big cities anywhere in North America
We've had like 46 or 47 murders all year long in this city the overwhelming majority of those and I know this because I follow the news
I watch the news here every day
Are have been committed and the the perpetrators and the victims are black now. There's something wrong with this picture
Okay, there's something wrong with this
Yeah, and as you point out it's principally black victims too
That's what I just said
And of course people like Victor Curry this guy this bishop curry
He's just a professional OJ on provocateur to kind of like a little league Jesse Jackson who just goes around from one one crisis to another
Polonating and stirring up the crap
I agree and have a great day. Take care. Okay. Yeah, he was on remember that awful show
They invited me to do one channel 10 with Michael Puntini and I said no way yes
He was on there along with that professional speaker who ever it. Hello was a wiper. Huh? What's her name?
Well, yeah, we're not the early aniraz some other professional speaker and and it was one of the most
Rotesque one of the ugliest and by the time Peter Jennings left that set
He probably shook his head and talked to himself. You got to be kidding me. This isn't the city Miami
This is a battle zone. This is a nut house and Peter you were absolutely
Not only that Peter how's it going? Hey
I don't like ABC news
I don't like him
He to me is like, you know, he's stuffy and dry, you know what I mean? Yeah, not not Canadian
I mean you watch the Canadian news like on cbc and there may be a little on the dry side, you know
But but he's like real
What well? I would point immediately to the
Here's the premiere of sesquatchewan reporting from vagina. See they got a sense of humor
He's in vagina right now. What is on the air?
But Peter Jennings he just the may just leaves me limp
And then of course Dan Rather after that quote by a Michael Moore of his oh jeez
And then you got the guy with a speech defect so that leaves you with hell of a cheer stone it
113 at 560 w2m big news
Halopoddy AGMC has just been voted number one potty AGMC dealer in date county and customer satisfaction
Tom Lame and Joe Prieto all the wonderful folks over there want to thank their loyal customers for their long standing support
35 years plus and counting
Stop by hell. Let's check out the potty AG 5 normally retailing for over 20 grand but
And how are right now you can buy it fully loaded for just 16 5 plus tax and tag
Howlots you truck headquarters with over 300 shoes from i wonder
I've had a lot of people on the audience are wondering if Bob Eisberg ever got the correction on the copy and oh about
Including the Yukon and the Yukon the answer is no no because he doesn't want to look to finger coming soon the new envoy x uv
The most unique SUV on the carp on the market and on the carpet
See this is the deal with our sales department just somebody give him a piece of copy with some words on it a piece of paper with words and here you go
Neal here you go Hank here you go mad dog here you go Scott here you go
Moe here you go Moe
Great Neal deals waiting for you every day at howlot potty AGMC 13411
Fix you howl where you us want to cross from the falls open every day seven days week
You see the fish if it's rotten. It stinks at the top and it's all screw in you know since screw in and if you want more info on these
Neal deals call them e-ranges neal deal hotline tool free one trivel 8 5 3 4 4 2 11
That's one triple 8 5 3 4 4 2 11 and keep in mind all offers subject to credit approval
See the folks in hell for all the details and howl potty at GMC who most unlike screw and winic are professional grades
You know
We're sports radio 5 6
You a.m
Hello, this is doctor Phil Quitt draw mic raw and you can't see it but I'm winking at you right now because I cared deeply about you and your health
That's why I urge you to spend everlasting. Will you have on my amazing new diet book my diet book provides new in different ways to cheat fat and believe me my friends
Nobody knows more about cheating than me
For instance if you look closely at the cover you'll notice I'm wearing a suit that's three times my size
That's just one of my tips on how to look thinner
You'll find it in a chapter called dress this mess now if your weight loss goal is to achieve my slightly tasty and puddled physique
Then forget about that boring at good diet my secret. Donuts
Donuts
Fat man's vitamin
So buy my book and put more money on my wallet you can be a fat ass just like me
118
He's forth on our pole of drooling Yahoo's. He's doing great doctor Phil 41 votes. He's almost as bad as this a doctor Agotson
I saw my name SMBC last night. I want to put a shoe through my TV set. Oh doctor Arthur Agotson the South Beach diet phone
I forgot that I got the book in my hand right now New York Times number one bestseller and it's got on a cover on a very glossy
Green cover here
Like a little uh in luke a little luke
Lose belly fat first
No keep it mine. There's no exercise recommended in this book that I can see
But you're gonna lose if you eat this crap you're gonna lose belly fat first
Which of course they know that that's where most of us are desperate to lose the weight because we're big fat slums with the big
Pupik so lose belly fat for it based on what?
based based on what?
Okay, because we're eating lean cuts of meat and because he ripped off atkins almost verbatim in here
I don't know anybody on atkins who lost belly fat first. I know a lot of people went belly up
Hey, by the way, speaking of that, how's Jeff Cohen doing?
567 thanks for the birthday wishes Jeff but uh quit bugging me
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Here's the a pull result so far who is or was the biggest drooling?
Yahoo of them all
467 votes soldiers
So far he's leading the man. He just heard and Marines uh huh
Uh George W. Bush 165 he's talking about dead soldiers and dead Marines I guess they're dead Marines in the future
He's got 167 votes even while he's speaking troops the number keeps going up and the dead soldiers too
Strom thermon 81 Jesse Helms 78 dr. Phil 41. Nice go to dr. Phil
See I am gotta adopt a different attitude because I don't like people like dr. Phil and opera
But the people we should be angriest at are the suckers the morons the lemons who goose step in the line
Just like the ditto heads with rush, you know, oh well he'll be back and he'll be stronger than ever
You know, he just had a little a problem
Right right
Toby key 24 Steve Spirious 15 Terry mountain 14
John rocker 12 Terry Bradshaw 8 Trent lot. She's got five with her pom-poms
She was a cheerleader, you know, yes, you're a swaggered and Jerry Jim Carville four piece
Tammy Febaker 3 LBJ 3
Two for Willie Nelson and Judge Roy Moore and George Wallace and Robert Bird and bum Phillips has got a peer
His name is in and weasen
Orville Fabus one must about his one Jerry Jones won none yet for Ernest Ainsley
Newt Gingrich Don I miss or junior samples. Yeah, out of 472 vote. You got a long way to go
5670 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. How about those pantaries?
I'm serious. I'd like to know what you think Scott. How are they gonna keep that franchise there?
I mean next year you got no season the lockout is just with the guaranteed
I have no clue right now
Really sound like mad dog no clue
If there were 7000 people there last night they must have been like hanging out outside like out in the hallways
Was that the official tally no the official tally was 13000 some odd no way
That's what it says in the box score
13242 if I'm lying you're dying
Yeah, it looked like about 7000 looked like about seven and of course one scots is about 7000
Usually tries to paint that pant or picture with an extra rosy view
That means there was like maybe five or six thousand. They showed an overhead shot
Which I was surprised because generally Fox Sports avoids doing that and by the way Denise
Well, you shut up already god damn it that pot fan you know the game when they made a three to two
And it looked like it was gonna really be an interesting game till a finally rolled over and died with 10 minutes to go
But when it got to be three to two
And all of a sudden pot fans starts pop pop pop pop about stuff that had nothing to do with anything connected the game
Almost even felt sorry for the rim man. They had two shots in the last 10 minutes exactly like I said
Here's the lady implantation. Hello
I'm here. Yes, ma'am. I'm here. I'm implantation not coral springs or gables or whatever they call them
Hey, um, it is a racist you with Mary elephant. Yeah, it is it is you know why it's the race issue because we need to have a new race
She needs to drop out and we need to have a new race
When they showed all those guys that were her supporters, they were like seven of them
Sitting in the room on the news Mary
Mary Molyfade supporters gathered here for hours. There's like seven people
Mm-hmm. So
It's a race issue. We need a new race. Okay. The race is on
Pardon I said the race is on I hope so
Plants are they were counting the people that were watching on TV
That's how they got to that photo and they was the multiplying climb six ever great days. We'd hard hang in there
Yeah, Panthers is a bad the organization
Keeps trying to bolstemy the public. Yeah
Very sad. At least go win tomorrow against Pittsburgh without Mario. No, and I know guaranteed about that
What do you say that based on what the win tomorrow based on what
We mean based on what the penguins one of few games without Mirio. I mean he you know
Here in here
They got Marty Stracco
Wow, who wasn't who wasn't good enough for Doug McLean
But at any rate five six seven oh five sixty they got Mark
Savard the ob-band what's his name the goalie
Flurry
He's the 18-year-old goalie for Pittsburgh. You're supposed to be a hockey fan, mr
You're supposed to know these things. He's been playing sensational actually with it, uh, huh?
He's been great. That's your reason they've won a whole three games so far. The only reason they've won
You're right
It's just like the Panthers if Bobby the Wango wasn't playing most of the games they'd be getting blown out eight
And I want to tell you something I don't want to get hockey intensive, but I did watch quite a bit of that game last night
I don't know how they lost LA could it must have been the ice was even worse than usual
Which it's horrible in that building but all they can do was fallen down and then they kept passing it back into their own zone
I the LA Kings to me were like a joke they were pathetic
That was said even through my TV set on my hockey package all the way here
I could smell the aroma from that stinker man. It was bad. It says Mike was doing his hashic impression
He was stopping the pucks. He could easily given up six goals last night, but he didn't I know here's North Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. I'm pretty good. Good. First off, great show yesterday. How my job was on the ground staring at the radio
Excellent
Second thing wondering if you saw the top five in the top five bookstays al Franken
um
Michael Moore and the lady the bush back like three out of top five
Molly Arvins. Yeah, Molly Arvins. My question is you think are these converts by any books or is these
People that already know what's going on by any book probably both probably most mostly people already know what's going on
I also want to make one comment too if I could go ahead
Uh south Florida drivers when it is raining you do not put your hazards on you do not keep your light off
You put your freaking light on assholes. You'll have to have her
Right, your freaking light on right
Damn you have a good hole. I need to and don't slam on the brakes as soon as the yeah ass hole right
People that drive with her hazard lights on. I mean what what are you trying to prove to the rest of it?
Are you giving us a message that it's kind of like dangerous out here?
Oh, here's a bullet and it's raining real hard and we're gonna all get killed
You know so put on the hazard lights. There's a hazard
So I think they believe what that means is it's like you're announcing and there's a hazard out there. That's right. It's done
Right
No, no question about it. Well my mother wants you to know she's a very good driver. Okay great
Thanks for the tip
Even though she sometimes drives on the wrong side of sterling road
That's a little spirie port I had my self-partial
She was truly out for a sand something about what a crappy driver about she's a hundred years old which she almost is
Uh, she got about as much business driving you're set to the store which is right across the street
As my little dog didn't he probably would have done a better job
She and John go to lunch last Saturday and
Is she's returning back as she's driving she insists on driving because she's a great driver like a rainman
And she makes her little ui she's got you got to you've got to go to the right and then make a ui to go back to where she lives
Well, she makes her little ui there's only one problem. She's on the wrong side of sterling road
She's in the uh westbound
However, you know what I'm saying?
For two other than the median
fortuitously
Uh, there would no traffic coming for a long ways
And she was able to win a dog kind of straight it up cut the crap mile. Okay, you're not kidding anybody turn in your license before it's too late
In fact now that I think of it how about a nice long ride in the country sounds good in the woods
Hey guys if you're looking for a big big chuck of here if you want to get your hair back
And you don't have much to right now and maybe you just have that big glaring bald spot in the middle like Tom Brady's getting
Hey Tommy. It's a good thing. Okay. You're not gonna be so pretty forever. It makes us happy
Charles Alfie always there I get you your hair back in a way that'll look really great with his natural hairline system
In business for over 25 years now Charlie's been working with all the top names in the universe and would like
Every day people too like you Charlie
Uh, he gives everybody the 30 guarantee guarantee so what do you have to lose but that bald spot if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells after 30 days
How many?
If you're not getting laid a whole bunch of times away come any
Charlie give you a full refund no questions as so the choices yours. They share a lot of choices out there
It's become the new thing do's you're man every day
You got a new guy peddling you some kind of a hair system some kind of a song to dance some dead farm animal forget about that
If you want to look better and younger than you ever dreamed again
Be sure and call Charles Alfie and mention my name because just for mentioning the erudgers gravity co-hones to do that
He'll knock an extra $200 off. They're already reasonable price
Here's the toll free number to call 1-800-3-124-13
1-800-3-124-13
Get your hair back from Chuck if you want more info you can go online Charles Alfieery.com
Back to you
Newt K-Flitch does the heavy thing
We thought he always back his money
They tease Bill Clinton about it all the time
Think of him will be nice and low-rise life
But newties chase his girl is all around my desk
That's why his shirt turns out his hair is a mess
Who would have thought he would have thought that
All right here we go on the desk
Oh Mr. Speaker
Not the speaker the committee would like to know
Although it's high fuel for sticking out for money to death
I see
Okay, then oh the committee sees no impropriety
There'll be no further death
I saw him working on his pick up life
You come here up and baby watch your side
I'm pretty and Republican
Hey baby
Come here baby and meet the Jewish people
Newt K-Flitch does the hanky pangy
Newt K-Flitch does the hanky pangy
Newt K-Flitch has a stanky way
Newt K-Flitch does the hanky pangy
We thought he always back his money
Come on, cool for a simple bit, no next one
134 26.2.5.62
The mad dog the angry puppy
Haas style ha
Commanded you to
He has given me no check into so far neither has a farrell neither is hank
Neither is Eddie Kay who's in Vegas maybe and he's just trying to win a couple of times for a band-of-hair rescue right
He's gonna give you a portion
He's gonna double down
Wait to hear this story fish farting may not just be hot air
Did you know that fish farted? I had no idea
Well, I you know
biologists have linked a mysterious underwater farting sound
The bubbles coming out of a herring's anus
Hary what
No fish have been known to emit sound from its anus nor to be capable of producing such a high-pitched noise
It sounds just like a high-pitched raspberry says then Wilson of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver
Wilson, oh, and you can actually go online and listen to it get out. Yeah
This is a Yahoo story sir, but online and listen to it Wilson as speaking of Yahoo's Wilson that is colleagues cannot be sure why herring make this sound
But initial research. You just might explain the puzzle of how sholes keep together after dark
Surprising and interesting is how aquatic acoustic specialists
Did I say well, you know, I guess they want to hear a lot of underwater stuff
Of the University of Windsor and Ontario described the discovery
It's the first case of a fish potentially using high frequency for communication he believes Arthur Popper and
Bio acoustic especially specialist at the University of Maryland is also intrigued I'd have
I'd not have thought of it, but fish do very strange and diverse things he says
Fisher known to call out to potential mates with low grunts and buzzes produced by wobbling a balloon of air called the swim bladder located in the abdomen
The swim bladder inflates and deflates to adjust the fish's buoyancy
The biologist initially assumed that the swim bladder was also producing the high-pitched sounds they hadn't they had detected
But then they noticed that a stream of bubbles expelled from the fish's anus crack them
Corresponded exactly with the timing of the noise
So a more likely cause was Eric's escaping from the swim bladder through the old
Brackum famous anus
It was at this point that a team named oh, I love this you're gonna like it
It was at this point the team named the noise fast repetitive tick frt
Okay, but Wilson points that unlike a human fart the sounds are probably not caused by digestive gases
Because the number of sounds doesn't change when the fish are fed
The researchers also tested whether the fish were farting from fear perhaps to sound an alarm
Uh-oh
Here comes Greg
But when they exposed fish to a shark scent there was again no change in the number of frt's
Finally three observations persuaded the researchers that the frt is most likely produced for communication
And that what you always do you see so strange in the elevator how you doing
First
When more herringer in the tank the researchers record more farts per fish
Secondly, the herringer only knows the after dark indicating the sounds by the law the fish located one another where they can't be seen
Well, it's like people you try to hold it in all during the day than after dark you just went and doubt let them all out
Thirdly the biologists know that herrings can hear the sounds of this frequency while most fish can't
This one it sounds like a red herring to me
This would allow them to communicate by fart without alerting predators to their presence
Wilson emphasizes that person this idea is just a theory but the discovery is still useful
Herring might be attracted by their frt's the same way that whales and dolphins matter to by the high-pitched squeals
You ever hear a grind cocks?
Fish him and might even exploit this to locate sholes
There may even be a conservation issue some experts believe human-generated sounds can damage underwater mammals
Now it seems underwater noise might disrupt fish too ready for that
I'm looking forward online
What I'm looking for it online
Yesterday fish farting may not just be a hot air by Celeste beaver beaver beaver beaver beaver
You find it?
New scientist AFP it's under new scientist dot com
Got it
UK dot news dot Yahoo dot com I could know if you want if you don't can't find it all sent it to okay
Oh this story football coaches fired after led in leds hazing aftermath
Five football coaches and rightfully so by the way. I'm so pleased with this story
Thanks to whoever sent it in five football coaches at Long Island high school lost their jobs last night and fall out from an alleged hazing ritual
The met the mefem high school football coaches have an under pressure to resign following reports that three varsity players
Sodomized three junior teammates while the team was at a training camp in Western Pennsylvania in August
Members of the district school board voted unanimously last night not to renew contracts to the five coaches
In an emotional meeting
Norbert building a Belmore Merrick school trust board
School board trustee announced it was in the best interest of our students on the success of the athletic program
The coaches not be reappointed
Belmore where the schools located on Long Island south sure about 30 miles from Manhattan
Robert Kelly allure for two of the boys who say they were abused was pleased with the board's decision
It's an important first step in admitting fault in recognizing that the coaches were responsible for what happened these kids were on their watch
They three accused students ages 15 16 and 17 face 10 criminal charges including deviant sexual intercourse
aggravated assault kidnapping on lawful restraint and false imprisonment the suspects allegedly used broomsticks pine codes and golf balls
The satanize the younger boys ain't that lovely huh? Yeah, just boys being boys is always the story, you know
Okay, all is hazing all is crap all the fraternities all that crap that goes on there all those dead kids
But you know, it's the American effort way and of course just like the gun thing you're never gonna talk anybody out of it if they're into it
It's their thing, you know, I don't just boys being boys is having a good time
Shove out a couple of broomsticks are some of some kids and like you've always said it always involves
Faggery mm-hmm all the hazing always involves some kind of faggery
Because the whole sports scene and all of fraternity thing that's a day club you moron even he knows that and lately
He don't know too much
Funny till to it qa and if you're underpaid if you're overworked if you'd like dying over there because your job sucks
Your paycheck is an embarrassment change your life don't just listen me talk about it do it if you'd like to get a new high-paying career
And you don't have for long excruciating expensive years the waste on college
Here's the answer for you call fast train and get get going get on the right track call 1 866 fast train
They can have you trained in certified for a great a new a high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical
Computer specialist career in as little as four months. That's right
You can be fully trained and ready for a great new career in as little as four months
And a good paycheck goes along with it instead of working for like 50 Cent an hour fast train offers day evening
And weekend classes they offer job placement assistance and financially to people to qualify as well
Fact range got six convenient locations all over town to serve you
So all there's about to be one close to where you live
Call them today tell them that Todd direct-tour did make that life-changing call and when they hear that name believe me
They'll hop to it check them out of the web first at fast train.com and then make the call and change your life forever call
866 fast train
Local
Little boy
This is the sick pre-dance Sharon Osborne audition. Let's begin
Okay, this is Iron Man. Let's see how you ought to be getting along with this tiger
No problem deary
Come here kitty kitty. Oh, you're a good kitty. Yeah, come give mums a you kiss kiss. Oh, yeah, that's a good tiger
Now
I'm bloody well not gonna clean up tiger
At work. Oh, yeah, thanks Sharon if we need you will call you okay say hi to Aussie in the king
145 at 560 house
When anybody heard yet nobody cares
No, I know how she's doing so did you get the thing I thanks to to the
Look for the audio now there you go. Oh, yeah, I can't wait to hear that
This is an interesting story that I think I don't know if we put this on or not from the village voice
The
General and the senator west's bloopers give Hillary's troops hope
He writes every time westley Clark goes weird on us like when he's the general said
I would have been a Republican if Carl Rowe had returned my phone calls
The campaign to nominate Hillary gathers momentum
The most recent Quinnipiac University National poll shows are ahead of all of the Democrats you ready for that
I'm ready. I think we'll do that as our number one pull them on the first hour if Hillary runs
If Clinton decides to run she gets 43%
10% for Clark 8% for Lieberman and Gebhardt 7% each for Carrie and Dean meanwhile it says her money keeps on rolling in
Hillary's fortunes rise as bush weekends. It says the president's performance ratings are declining
The pressure on Hillary grosses bush appears more and more vulnerable to attack
During the slow death of GI's day after day rumsfeld celebrated on the right as the nation's most manly man
Sounds off regularly
Sunday an ABC declared that the US is just not organized trained or equipped to win hearts and minds overseas
And then mused what is to what has to change in our country
organizationally overt covert either one so that we can have a higher confidence that we're reducing the number of people who become terrorists
Vice President Cheney's corporate buzz one more and more bush and his brother jeb are into some 16 playing doctor
Deliving dead bushes neoconn advise is not satisfied with total war in the Middle East
Wannify China from space and now there's renewed talk of using small nuclear weapons
So the bottom line on this is that Hillary might just come jump in here because we don't seem to have any consensus
Even though Howard Dean's raising enormous amount of money and then of course he put his foot in his mouth the other day
Would that think about the the the the Confederate flag
Which they spent that whole debate the other night prolonging him about
The political right which has cheerly used the specter of Hillary as a campaign tool to Galvanize its face
Is now hyperventilating she's getting vitriolic against president bush week to folks at world net daily calm
She's going postal she's going ballistic Hillary doesn't know the truth
It's as much a stranger to the junior senator from New York as sunlight is to a vampire. They said they're getting all panicky about it
Because they know she'll probably will possess you think wait
Where is it what you got the fish part somewhere? Okay, let's hear
All right
Was that it oh wait I stepped on it
Was that it yeah played again Sam here comes
For this thing slow here comes it's buffering
Wow another first on the neo-Rigor show we're going to be in the Guinness Book of Records the
First fish part ever played on American radio. I love it
Orlando Florida young Republicans can topple Sodom who's saying in Christian athletes
I see young Republicans can topple Sodom who's saying in Christian athletes can let Jesus rock their night away
At the homecoming parade after high school officials read Wednesday. They'd let their floats roll
Let him float kind of like alien right
Yeah, he floats good
After officials had talked to Philip's high school in Orlando raised concerns earlier this week that the floats might offend some people
The students involved contact to the Liberty Council and Orlando based right wing fanatical civil liberties legal group
Schools cannot censor the message just because they disagree with the message said Matthew Stover present
Then the general council of Liberty Council
Students dropped their plans to sue on First Amendment grounds after the school officials agreed to allow the floats in tonight's parade that meaning tonight
Students will be able to express the essence of their clubs and maintain proper decorum for our school event
Principal Jean Trackinski said in the statement
The young Republican club plans to have students in black t-shirts with the word evil
bowling before a statue of Sodom
You think they're going to be bowling for Columbine?
No
Other students in club t-shirts plan to chase the evil students away with silly string and then toppled the statue
The fellowship of Christian athletes plans to float urging students to let Jesus rock your night away
In which students will tear up signs with the word sex suicide depression and drugs
Let's see when I think of suicide depression and drugs
I always think right in line with that sex all of these terrible awful things right?
Of course
Sends a really good healthy message to all those good Christian athletes suicide depression and drugs and sex be banned
Don't be doing it man. It's bad. I thought when you couldn't get sex. That's when you turned to suicide depression and drugs
Oh, maybe that's it. That's what rice said
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 oh so many things running through my mind on that
150 at 5 60 W 2 m 10 before too. We got the mad dog at two the Humper in four hercune hotline at seven
Eddie came from Vegas at nine and Joey Markovina because there's no game today no game tonight
We got is it tomorrow night or Saturday tomorrow isn't it penguins?
It's got
What tomorrow night is the penguin game at the Panthers right? Yes, sir. Okay. Don't get all surly about it now
It's because they're having tough times now. They're having a few tough times can't stick the biscuit in the basket
But at least the for all is getting the schmooze with all the assholes in town Randy Moore silly person a clown team a clown lucky him
And what's his name Paul the over there at U of M another silly person
If you want to replace that really tired old carpeting in your home speaking a tired old like U.M.
Sports let me tell you about laminants are us
They're the easy the low maintenance alternative to so expensive. It'll cost you a fortune natural wood flooring
Laminants are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from Peridor or Pergo Wilson art uniform
Quichstep and all their flooring is installed by pergose certified installers too
Here's another smart reason to install laminants are us their prices are so low
It'll probably put you right on the flow right now
You can get their fall special for just 1495 bucks. Let me say it again
Just 1495 gets you up to two hundred ninety five square feet of beautiful
Fantastic laminant wood flooring unbelievable and laminants are us
And I noticed on top of the copy keeps sending me who is this is this Adam? I don't know it says pronounced laminit
Hey Adam ASS H O L E pronounced asshole
And laminants are us will match any legitimate ridden offer for free in a home estimate call laminants
R Us toll free and tell them that cranky neal 3d call only cranky when our sales departments involved
1 877 777 3336 they make it so easy for you. What's not to like free carpet disposal free furniture moving a
25-year warranty in years of beautiful easy care laminant wood flooring call laminants are us today toll free
1 877 777 33 36
My life is low. This is for trade of I sit
And do I like that
As I spread my thighs
And tore myself from the toilet hole I feel my bowels lose control of the toilet
And there's a smell that makes you cry
So bad I can barely see my knees as I make my straight and spictors squeal on the toilet
It's not hard to hold the stand in a diabetic feet
They're
like
They're
As I
A
When you
You know they do say that when you have breathed your last breath that you can like all your bodily functions just kind of let let go
This is true. So wasn't it fortuitous for the king that he was like sitting on the throne
Right, which is where you'd expect the king to be on the throne at that magical moment
Which I'll be so lucky. Yeah, that's right
So those of you like that guy when I saved his facts. I just loved it
When I said he can't wait for that last
Where is it? I saved it here somewhere right that was the greatest facts of in the history of the I
Longer I
Long for the sweet release of death says James V one of our factors who just can't handle all of this stuff
It's going on all these right wing lunatics. Speaking of right wing lunatics
Don't forget to check out on neo-roger's comm something new the WMD countdown
The search for the weapons of as destruction continues and I noticed I just checked it again and it actually the countdown actually counts
Did you know that right? That's the idea. I can't believe it actually it's in other words
It's not just a phony number that Eric put up there to make it amusing and actually continues counting down
And I still say that I look at W and I say ain't he precious?
Because he sure got them orangutan lips man. It's a beautiful thing anybody watches passions will say gee that looks awfully familiar
Who is or was the biggest drooling Yahoo of them all another category where W comes out on top?
You can't beat him with a stick especially when all the elections are fixed
George W 187 votes a drooling Yahoo man L. Presidente
despised and reviled world round I bet you're out there in the Uranus
They probably into found of me there they're on to them
Strong thermo 83 Jesse Helms 81 hard to separate them to
Dr. Phil McGraw 46 very good showing by Dr. Phil you know what oh, yeah, Toby Keith only 24 that was your choice
Steve Spurrier 19 Terry Bowden 18 believe you me if you knew Terry Bowden if you knew Terry like I knew Terry
He brought up there with the president
John rocker 13
Terry Bradshaw 10 James Carville 7 rub your a page of all spot Jimmy Trent lots got six Jimmy swaggered five Tammy Faye Baker's got four
What is the obsession what is the fascination with fags and Tammy Faye can you explain that to me ask Fiki Carlos on your way out?
No, what is the deal?
George Wallace 3 judge Roy Moore 3
LBJ 3 bum Phillips has got three his name years and and Mizen
Isn't that invocat Mizen her part
Who else got three?
Newt Gingrich Don I miss two most for less dramatically Nelson Bobby bird old Bobby bird just turned 120
Ernest Ainsley's got one or will focus one jury Jones and no votes for junior samples Billy Carter or Ross P
Row at a 533 votes out of a drooling idiot so many drooling Yahoo's and so little time
Don't forget tomorrow. We're gonna have the Rainer shine for Elville be a Napa Auto parts 1911 North State Road 7 to Margate
Noon to two and
McGraw or somebody will be with them. I will have all our best meal merchandise bring lots of cash
Okay, and thanks again to Dave Hagen and his wife and the Clarence a Clarence better late than ever sweetheart
It's kind of just like getting laid bye bye
I'm getting pound man do I like that
