There must be idiots.
Just that figure there are too many people there so they couldn't afford to go.
Oh my gosh.
I guess they did so well.
The other thing we got a few goi-men at place.
He went cheap on us.
We'll be off the air.
Neil, they went cheap on us.
They didn't let us have our free ice cream with sprinkles at the games.
Probably Dan La Bastard stole all of it.
Yeah, he's doing a show tonight with Ricky Williams live at the Cleveland or don't.
I forget to join QAM and Smirnoff tonight at Tarte House.
Why the hell are you promoting him, Dan La Bastard?
All he wants to do is suck Ricky's ass.
Oh, isn't his girlfriend a hottie too?
Who's like a Tarte date?
No, that's Rose and House.
Does that Jackie girl?
No, that's Dave Van Boreen's wife you're thinking about with a bad wig.
Oh, I like her.
She's a hottie, right?
I, I, I, manage.
She's wife's good looking too.
Yeah.
Great ass.
Hot doer and a big rack.
Yeah, so I told you the funny story about this weekend.
Neil, I could only think of you with the cheesy fake baseball fans down here.
It was pathetic, man.
I want the world to know that Scott Farell finally has decided after just a couple of months
that South Florida is the worst sports town in the entire history of the world.
It is.
I'm proud of you.
You know, it's great about it is that the fans may be the worst and the dumbest, but at least
all the teams win.
They're winning.
The Marlons are in.
Like the Panthers?
The dolphins win.
I think the Panthers?
Well, I guess those two teams have won.
The dolphins squeaking by some girls teams.
Well, what do you want?
I mean, Jesus Christ, if they win, you're not happy if they lose you are.
Right, because I don't like the dolphins.
I can't believe it.
How about those patriots, baby?
Right now we're talking.
I know you like Tom Brady, and I bet on them this weekend because he, you told me he has
a nice ass, but I'm going to ask you this question.
What do you think of Roy getting eaten by a tiger?
Roy.
See, now you want me to say something a really bad taste about that.
Then you're going to follow it up about being jumping on Dan Snyder's grave before
kid died in a crash.
Yeah, but I know and no one cared about him and no and people do care about Roy and I
hope he dies.
Roy.
Just like George says, anybody who makes their living exploiting animals sooner or later
it's going to turn around and bite you in the ass.
Roy.
It's the rest of the community I'm concerned about.
Of what community?
The Jewish community today.
No one's working for it.
Roy.
Roy.
Have a great day, Neil.
Roy.
I'm going to invite him over to my place and I'm going to get him really drunk on
the street.
He communicated with his doctor.
He's what I'm hearing.
That's a rumor out of Vegas.
They said that there's a mall on the appal has fallen over the mall, unless Vegas, as Roy
says.
I'm dying out of here.
Yeah.
He's in bed.
And America's really distraught about that.
Aren't you distraught?
Oh, I'm bereaved.
Roy.
No wonder it's you I'm Kipper today.
Roy, it's a good thing we got, like I said a lot of glamorant around.
Even the beast isn't working today because it's young Kipper.
What a phony fat little piece of crappy is.
And Clarence isn't working, which is usually even if he's there he ain't working.
I heard a lot of bad things about you, Clarence, from Scot Jr. there.
I don't want to get you in hot water, but I heard lots of real problems over the weekend
with all the ball games.
How about those phony Marlon fans?
All right.
Let's hear it.
And of course the response would be, gee, if we don't show up your bitch about it, then
if we do show up well, it would be nice to show up like a little more often would be
good.
But if you really cared which you don't, but didn't I tell you on whatever day it was
last week before the series started, the Marlon's would run three in a row.
I didn't say the first three.
Didn't I tell you that?
Yeah.
I said they would win three in a row and I was absolutely correct.
I had my thumb right on it.
Do you think we could get 1,600 votes on that poll?
That's why I'm stalled.
We wait long enough.
Oh, we got it.
We already got 6001.
And I got a little flurry there at the end.
These people who are listening right now, I'd say I got to be out of up to 48.
Nice going, Neil.
Thank you.
Probably those insensitive comments about Roy.
Is that what it was about?
Roy, Roy, Roy.
Roy.
Anyway, we asked on Friday, this was our second poll.
We got 2.40 today too, is my impending 61st birthday is coming up in less than a month.
Someone you think is an asshole and hate their work is.
Now, see, the fact that I got 48 votes in there doesn't bother me in the least because I
relish that.
But just stop and think about how stupid that is because the previous day we asked, who
do you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work?
And I won overwhelmingly.
So the verdict is having an asshole, which I'm proud of when I said, but when you say
you're an asshole and you hate their work and you know these people are obviously not
only listening, but they're going to vote on our website right now.
What does that tell you?
I think they've been a handout too long with Roy.
Anyway, some of you think is an asshole and hate their work is Rush Limbaugh.
Top of a couple more rush.
426 votes wins hands down your pants, man.
George W. Bush was a late addition.
He moved up nicely, but not even close to the Rushmeister.
277 for W.
Well, I think might have a real good shot in our second poll today.
Mohar Davidd, who's very Jewish today.
Now, how come he's not working tomorrow?
Do we know?
No.
Because I see guilty as doing the show solo tomorrow.
What is that all about?
Just a present.
Is that a gift for the big giant's, Victor?
I bet she was rooting for the giants.
Any New York team, the Gents, the giants?
Mohar Davidd had 151.
Howard's stern 84.
Little George had 74.
You sure beat the crap out of me by 26 votes.
George Rodriguez 74 votes.
They think you're an asshole and they hate your work.
I'll see the interesting part of this is if you were doing a show like right now
and you took the poll, the same number would say the same thing.
We should prove that they'd still be listening.
Of course they are.
Well, I mean, that's an admission that there are morons.
Hank Goldberg, the Humber at 60.
He's Jewish today.
So we ain't working.
We got Kimba Boe, camper this afternoon.
Dr. Phil McGraw 58.
You're as truly 48 actually even beat out Ann Coulter.
How the hell are you?
Just, huh?
Oh yeah.
Well, she's a lot skinnier than I am.
She had 45.
So I beat her out by three, fairly comfortably.
Hillary had 40.
Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Rosie O'Donnellet.
Mike had 39.
In fact, disgusting obnoxious, slaubering, Dyke.
Pat Robertson had 37.
Oy!
Bill O'Rally 28.
All spin all day.
He's like a washing machine that stuck on the same cycle.
H, C, Wayne didn't belong on there.
That was my bad.
Well, Wayne didn't belong on that list because he's an asshole.
We agree on that.
But we hate his work.
What does his work say?
It didn't fit.
It was out of place.
Whatever.
He had 21 votes.
Just out of Wayne.
Just out of this.
Why?
Maybe it should have been Wayne Newton.
That would have been good.
Yeah, that would have been perfect on there.
Wayne Newton, we think he's an asshole and we hate his work
such as it.
Jerry Lewis 18.
Even when I'd blown up Bullfrog head.
Barber Streisand 15.
Steve Keane 14, which is double his entire audience.
Gloria Stefan 13.
Bill Gates had a dozen.
Russell Crowe had 12.
WQIM.
Yeah, hi.
Can I pick the meal?
No.
Mel Gibson 11.
Well, I'm not taking calls yet.
OK, I save you a little worker's gun.
I know.
Todd Schmidtmeister had 10.
Jerry Springer and Don King each had 10.
Who's got the best hairdo among that?
The trio.
Bill Mar ahead eight.
Robert Downey's junior head eight.
Steven Segal and Richard Dreyfus and John Henry,
Chad Seven.
Good old John Henry.
We sure miss him a lot.
Don't wait.
Oh, what a shame that the Red Sox are back in.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Little Phil Collins, a little Munchkin had six.
Speaking of Munchkins, if they don't get rid of that,
then Tony Gwyn.
Now, is the SPN still doing any more of the playoffs?
I hope not.
I pray.
Yeah.
They are?
Yeah, they got to do the Boston game tonight.
No, I'm not talking about that.
But I mean, after this first round,
please tell me that they're not.
I can't tell you that.
They have the worst damn people.
First of all, Chris Berman is not a play by play guy.
He's a studio guy who's stolen every,
every, everything he does from somebody else.
And if we have that, that's an old red barber thing.
He's not a play by play guy.
He's a clown.
And they got Tony Gwyn on there.
Who sounds like a fat Munchkin.
Okay.
You had a good point, Scott.
That's because he is a fat Munchkin.
He's awful.
Hey, man, Kirby Puckett.
Well, yeah, I've ever seen him together.
No.
Same person.
In fact, they probably hang out with.
Roy.
Van Diesel and John Clark Van Dam and Mickey Rork and Brian
Laura Cross.
He said, five.
A lot of people speak like that.
Client little Brian Laura Cross and Tony Gwyn.
Same person.
Greg Reed and Slice Deloitte said, four.
Absolutely.
Matt Rodgers, Miss Drudge had only three.
They don't even know who that is.
Sanny's, so San Madonna and Dick Vitale said, three.
Only one for Dave Berry.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
And you want to know why?
Because these people are the victims of all that hype,
all that bull crap.
Dave Berry, my ass.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Damn it.
San was going to get our first holiday on there,
and they hung up already.
Here's the retired guy W-D-Q-A-M.
Retire.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
All right.
Am I sharp or what?
I was sharp as a goddamn marble.
Make no mistake of what I'm sharp.
That's right.
So I'm Kimper.
Sharp as a mutzeball.
I'm sorry.
Sharp as a tie.
So unhappy holidays.
Well, it's not a happy holiday.
It's the day of atonement when the Lord was
posted with tone for our sins.
When you change the tone around the facts machine.
I sure hope Greg Reed has just got an early start on it
for anybody supposed to be atonement for their sins.
He's wearing a two atonement.
Maybe that's why Mo was non-tomorrow.
Either it's going to take him two days
to atonement for his sins.
That's a mutiny.
He retired.
Retire.
Ha, ha, ha.
No.
Now, he's too much of a prick to do that.
May I answer phones now?
No, I'll do a screen list that I'm in a mood for.
I got to bug up my ass.
All right.
A really good mood today.
I am.
I don't know what it is, but I'm just
in a really a chipper mood.
Remember chipper Jones?
No.
Now, what a nice move there by the braves choking and ganging.
That should be a poll question.
Who made larger, bigger choking gagging sounds?
Roy.
Or the braves this weekend.
Do you like that poll, Scott?
How about the band that's that old bell part?
I like that.
Who made bigger, gurgling choking sounds?
Was it the elated braves or?
Roy.
See, that's a very bad taste.
And it's ferella in the George's that it
gave me a problem.
Usually I have like a little bit of humanity.
Somebody has some horrible nasty thing that happened.
Like Dan Snyder, the kids 20 or five years old.
He's dead, hockey player.
Who?
Well, he's a dead guy.
I say.
You should be a rescue player.
He's eaten by a tiger.
What?
Here's the poll, the first poll for today.
We got polls up the ass.
Poll number one.
At what age do berth they stop being a happy berth thing?
Now, this is just your opinion.
See, because on November 5th, I'll be 61.
And if somebody says to me happy berth thing,
I'm going to slap him on the side of the face.
I don't want to be wish happy berth thing.
There's nothing happy about it.
You could tell me what kind of stuff your friends want.
So I can buy you that for your berth day.
Oh, OK.
We would kind of nifty present.
You could buy a sharper image.
How about one of those psionic breeze things
for about 500 bucks?
Sure.
For the moronic breeze.
Yeah.
At what age do berth they stop being a happy berth?
I'll give you all kinds of choices.
25 and that I got 35, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70,
and never for some sentimental slabs out there.
Oh, it's never too old to say happy berth day.
Yeah.
Like to slap them around a little bit too.
Right after we finish off.
Roy!
From it it's after 10.
I think you ought to be here.
You ought to ask the Lord for forgiveness
for your insensitivity for your cruelty.
Oh, there's an idiot.
I'm lawemment.
There's that kind of line 9.
QA M chronic line.
I'm so nervous.
No.
Neil calls the call.
Oh, yeah.
Neil psychic performance, baby.
I'm batting a thousand.
Oh, even little baby Ruth never batted like that.
I do like a baby Ruth except in a punch pool.
Or the pool.
What's the other butter finger?
Man, I haven't had one of those in a long time.
Don't get me started with the food.
There we go.
I also have another.
I have a lasagna bug up my ass.
I saw some TV spot here before.
Yeah.
And the neighbors were all bringing the new.
The people just moved into the hood
and they're bringing them all these gifts.
And somebody brought a big thing of lasagna.
A pan.
And I looked, no, not a pan.
A glass.
What do you call that?
Casteroal dish.
A big, very good.
A big casserole of lasagna.
And I looked at that and I thought,
hmm, I could send my blood sugar up to at least 400.
Just looking at it.
10, 13 at 5, 16 WQM on a great Monday.
It's you.
I'm Kipper.
The Jews are all.
We got a teacher's work day because the kids are out of school.
Because we got to pacify the Jews because God forbid
that we have kids going to school.
And that's the way it's got to be.
That's got to be politically correct.
So you don't piss off the Jews.
Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked
and underappreciated, how about this?
How'd you like to get yourself a new high-paying computer
career before the end of this year?
You can.
All you have to do is get off your lazy ant.
What you can still sit on your lazy ant,
but just reach for it in the phone, too,
and make that one easy call to fast train.
1, 866 fast train.
They can have your train insertified before the end of the year.
You can be certified like Todd Dreck.
He's certifiable.
The demand for computer professionals
is growing like crazy.
So there's no better time than right now
to get you a new high-paying career.
Fast train offers job placement assistance.
Convenient day evening weekend skisels.
And with six Florida locations in four right there in South Florida,
there is bound to be one near you with just fingers.
Fast train offers financial assistance
for people who qualify, too.
So instead of being like something dangerous
like an animal trainer or something like that,
pick up the phone and call fast train
and get yourself a real high-paying computer job.
Call 1-866 fast train.
With these people around, there's no excuses,
no more to stand a dead end crappy job working for peanuts.
Check them out first on the web at fasttrained.com
and get all the info you're looking for.
And then call them toll free at 1-866 fast train.
Why in local?
Here's sports radio 560s, you a-m.
I had a Larry King and they don't come.
Any better than Neil Rogers.
I got a dry, flaky ass.
Seriously, when I scratch my thick black ass hair,
big, fluffy flakes come forward off my ass.
Looks like it's snowing.
I mean, you know, I got a dander problem.
Like on my scalp?
Only I got it on my ass too.
So I'm thinking, what if I get some action with a bra?
I mean, right?
Maybe she gets all puky on me on a kind of,
I got ass-flakes, right?
So I asked my pharmacist, and he recommends
a new ass and shoulders shampoo.
He told me to get rid of tough skin diseases
like seborious or eye-assistone.
Some other one I forget right now.
Anyway, I've been using new ass and shoulders
that are really well-accurbed
that flaky itchy burning on my thick fat ass.
And on my head too.
So get assing shoulders and who knows?
Maybe you'll get some ass.
I think that's good.
I just made that up.
I should be an advocate.
Do ass and shoulders shampoo?
Who knows?
Or maybe you'll get some ass.
You're so strict.
10, 18, and 5, 60, and WQM.
That was pretty exciting what we just
had go under during the break.
Wasn't it?
Yeah.
Does it have anything to do with me?
No.
Heavy unlikely.
But there you go.
There's Greg again messing up the Jewish holidays.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
Greg hates you.
Yeah, we know.
We know all about it.
Here's a email from the Marlin organization
to our close personal buddy Ray Perry.
What does Ray do to we know?
No.
He's a ticket guy.
He's a ticket man.
There are George's sandwich a guy.
And this is the ticket guy.
Please be advised that we've sold out all three games in Miami
for the National League Championship series
that Cubs and the Marlins, oh my God.
What a shame, Harry, ain't still here to enjoy.
First time in 150 years that the goddamn Cubs are
in a postseason that they want a series postseason.
And Harry's dead.
Hey, Neil.
Fuck you.
Back at you.
Please provide any on air support you can.
To this message is always we appreciate your help.
No problem, Suzanne, with the Florida Marlin organization,
even though we can't stand the upper echelon.
David Samson and Delilah.
Here's the let's get wild to play off pushes on.
And let's get wild to play off run is on.
How about all your front running phonies out there?
Let's go.
Let's kick some ass.
How's that one sound?
All right.
OK.
How about like Chris Moran would say, hot dog,
half a board, the front running, front running pan wagon,
huh?
Yeah.
There's something in my brain purged.
Hot dog, half a board.
But look out for.
Roy.
Let's get one to play.
I guess I'll save that.
I don't know for what.
What the license is supposed to prove.
I don't know.
Now what the hell?
Did you ever get him to phone number?
He was looking for there just an hour.
Yes.
Yes.
You did?
Yes.
Get him off my ass.
OK.
By the way, Norma can't don't ever call me again.
OK.
Unless it has something to do with me.
Does that mean you wanted to call you?
What?
Does that mean you want him to call you?
Oh.
Calls me here Friday night.
But I'm about all this other crap has nothing to do with me.
He says, oh, well, it's a game.
A lot of people said that you were mad at me
and that I should call you.
I said, well, the first part of that is right.
And then he just proceeds to do what
is this whole self-aggrandizing thing.
And I'll see what you.
I'm sure you know that there are some people in this world.
You know some of them.
Everything is about them.
Do you know what I mean?
How much time are you going to give me?
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
Everything is about them.
The whole world exists for their convenience
and based on them and their needs and their interest
and what it's all about them.
So maybe I can help Norma make some extra money.
I don't know.
I'm not interested.
At what age, the birthday, stopping
a happy birthday, 54 votes.
And look at this.
25 votes for it.
Now is that just because that's their favorite drop-in?
About 30, man.
Well, they still really mean that.
No, they mean that.
Huh?
Let's see.
My phone is ringing.
See, you know, they're from Norma.
That's your thing.
Whistle of talent.
I'm going to go get it.
I can whistle.
I can't lose it.
So the technician comes to my house.
And I was here.
It was my consierge.
I have a package.
Yeah.
So you were about your package.
And I worry about mine, OK?
They't much.
And what was they just saying before the phone ring?
I thought maybe it was Norma just still being an asshole.
Just acting like Norma always does.
At what age, the birthday, stopping, having birthday?
About 30's got 28.
Never 10.
Oh, how sentimental.
Isn't that lovely?
You know what?
Who are voting that?
But your free voters don't want a birthday gift every year.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, 8.25.
Well, what are these numbers on here?
What is that?
Seven people said 40.
Five said 50.
Two said 60.
I was one of those votes.
That's a correct answer.
See, in the reason that most of you, luckily for you,
you can't answer that because you haven't got there yet.
Trust me what I tell you.
When the 60 is not a pleasant number anymore.
I'm going to get through that for you.
You're an old fart, huh?
But 30 is about right.
That's when the chicks don't give a crap about you anymore.
Five young people.
Uh, 35 to 45.1.
71.
And nobody said 65 or 55.
I want to think 65 gets the numbers because that's when you're officially a senior citizen.
Oi!
Unless you're in Florida, you have to be like 95 to get to be a senior citizen.
By the way, my mother's going to be getting her 15-year renewal for her driver's license in a mail pretty soon.
I bet.
And all her neighbors as well.
Is that pathetic or what?
What?
So, you know, this is a rusting.
You notice how that kind of calmed down now because we got the big California election tomorrow?
Yeah.
But little, uh, the inquiruses, there's much more where that came from.
Lots more coming from.
Where the hell came from?
Lots more coming.
Anyway, 22 past 10 at 560 WQM.
We got, uh, no ball games today.
We got a pristine schedule except for the fact that we only got going, basically working except me.
We have any other Jews that had, oh, Ed Kaplan's working tonight.
Oh, that's after sundown.
It's not your own Kipper anymore.
So I can't give him too many blind points.
Because it was from sundown last night till sundown two night.
My name is Ed.
You're too, there's a good Jewish boy.
Oh!
You're too, man.
All right.
For a clock we got Kim Boke, ampere, for Hank who's been professionally Jewish today.
Ricky William Show from the Ackleabletters South Beach 7-8 with Dan LaBasterd on there.
Hurricane Hotline from Tony Romas at 8-8.
Eddie K. attend safely long after sundown and Jo and Mark overnight.
Did Mark Eisenberg work this morning?
Don't know.
Huh?
Mike X-Teen worked.
Working is working.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, that's here for the Jews that aren't the phony that don't celebrate all this foolishness and don't use it as an excuse to take the day off.
I should have taken the day off.
I don't know when I had here Greg and I'm like, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh,
puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh
puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh
puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh
puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh
puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, puh
you have sympathy for uh, uh, braw yeah even though like you said yeah it's a true point people like like the snake candlers it's just a matter of time when most of the elephant uh, you see the news all the time you know they can go along for a year two years even like uh maybe a whole bunch of years
like how many years did this guy do that act in Vegas uh well wait a minute it must be in the story here like 17 years something like that
is uh no no not uh 13 years because i started i saw the guy his manager but it says here no combining magic tricks with tigers dunce horn and sick-free
fishbocker have performed as a duo on the Las Vegas strip for nearly 30 years it says here
that amazing so we got roi and we got
the third man when that nice when that considerate we needed because he probably knew we had the two drop-ins
we have a tiger now the tigers uh tigers by the way avoided the worst record in the history of baseball see that
ties in too because they won it last day 27 past 10 let's all get whipped up now what is that what we
supposed to say again i should talk about board no no uh let's get wild the playoff pushes on okay all right
all right that's here it how about you're running phony fans all 150 million of you just climbing over
each other all of a sudden they found money the same people who couldn't find bucks during the regular
scene oh this is a big event it's not for it is a big like Scott said it's the worst sports town
anywhere in the world make no mistake about and he is absolutely correct attention audio
mortgage shoppers out there is this new copy i can't believe it's oh my god let's hear it for
tied rack attention audio mortgage shoppers the following message could save you tens of thousands
of dollars interest or it's not new interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically but
there's still an interest rate available at just 1.95 percent that's right confidential group toll
free at 1 800 940 land it's true the economy is changing so if you even think about refinancing your
home or if you might have moved up to a better real estate investment call financial group 1 800 940 land
with 1.95 percent you'll get a hundred thousand dollar loan with payments of only 368 bucks a month
a two hundred thousand dollar loan for only seven thirty six a month call financial group now and
get yourself the low 1.95 percent interest rate you've been praying and looking and hoping for
but you better hurry because interest rates are climbing in 1.95 percent financing with financial
group by calling at toll free number one easy call 1 800 940 L.E.N.V the Renekuil housing lender
credit restrictions apply rate something to change monthly 5.19 APR
and local this is for 205 city
and and a bud man can I trust you are too kneels not here today instead the management of WQAF
and all their infinite wisdom is proud to present and another god damn sport show
I want to thank all my hundred dogs friends for calling in today bull balls and daily hello
hey what's up buddy how's my hundred dog friend okay what's going on what about sports yeah
that much in this town man yeah yeah yeah yeah bobbin who I played today well that's that's good my
hundred dog friend hey you want to feel like a man like a sports man sports kind of guy sure
all right you ready yeah I'm ready I'll start okay okay here we go
we we we wave we we we we we we we we we I was at it I thought it was gonna say
I like the we we I thought I was gonna say that ten thirty three at five sixty WQM unhappy
young Kippur that Greg Reedman this guy is it he could have pissed off the Pope you know
if the Pope was like alert enough to get pissed off I don't think so though what are we going to
say when a pupa pushes off. And I push his off, I'm sorry.
When he gets promoted to have signs out, text out. Arnold unplugged. Here's the best
article I think I'm ever going to read on the year in history of my life. This is from
the British observer. Greg Polaster writes Arnold unplugged. It's I still love
Easter the nine billion dollars of the governorator is selected. This I want you to listen very
carefully now. You're going to do it now. Yeah. All right. This maybe give you an idea
what this is really all about and where he came from and why he's going to win in spite
of all these allegations and all this. His love child and they breast the grabbing and
groping and squeezing. Greg writes. This is not Greg read. Greg Polaster. It's not what
Arnold Schwarzenegger did to the girls a decade back that should raise an eyebrow. According
to a series of memorandum, our office obtained today, it's his dalliance with the boys in
a hotel room just two years ago. That's the real scandal. The wannabe governor has yet
to deny that on May 17, 2001 at the peninsula hotel in Los Angeles, he had consensual political
intercourse with Enron chief and Kenneth Lay. Also frallicking with Arnold and Kenneth
was convicted stock swindler Mike Milken. Now 34 pages of internal Enron memorandum
have just come through this reporter's facts machine. Tell all about the truth between
Maria's husband and the corporate con men. It turns out that Schwarzenegger knowingly joined
a Hush Russian counter as part of a campaign to sabotage a Davis-Bustamani plan to make
Enron and other power pirates then ravaging California pay back the nine billion dollars
in illicit profits they carried off. Here's the story, Arnold doesn't want you to hear.
The biggest single threat to Kinley and the electricity lords is a private lawsuit filed
last year under California's unique civil code provision 17,200, the Unfair Business
Practices Act. This litigation heading to trial now in Los Angeles would make the power
companies return the nine billion dollars they filthed from California electricity and
gas customers. It takes real co-hones to bring such a suit who's the plan of taking on
the bad guys. Cruz Bustamani, Lieutenant Governor and Reluctant leading candidate in Schwarzenegger.
Now follow the action. One month after Cruz brings the suit Enron's lay calls an emergency
secret meeting in Los Angeles of his political buck buddies including Arnold. Their plan
to undercut Davis according to Enron Memos and solve the energy crisis that is make the
Bustamani legal threat go away. How can that be done? Follow the trail with me.
While Bustamani is kicking Enron's button court, the Davis administration is simultaneously
demanding that George Bush's energy regulators order the nine billion dollar refund. Don't
hold your breath. Bush's federal energy regulatory commission is headed by a guy proposed
by Kinley. But Bush's boys on a commission have a problem. The evidence against the electricity
barons is rock solid. Fraud isn't reporting a sales transactions. Mega-watt laundering,
fake power delivery scheduling and straight out conspiracy including meetings in hotel rooms.
So the Bush commissioners cook up a terrific scheme. Charge the companies with conspiracy
but offer them behind closed doors deals in which they have to pay only two cents on each
dollar they filst. Problem. The slap on the risk refunds won't
say unless the governor of California won't play along. Solution. Recall the governor. New
problem. The guy most likely to replace Davis is not Mr. Musclehead but Cruz Bustamani,
even a bigger threat to the power companies than Davis. Solution smear Cruz because
having forbidden he took donations from engines instead of from Kinley. The payoff?
Once Arnold is governor he blesses the sweetheart settlements with the power companies. When
that happens Bustamani's court cases are probably lost. There aren't many judges who
will let a case go to try to protect the state if that governor's already allowed the
matter to be settled by a regulatory agency. So think about this. The state of California
is in a hole by eight billion dollars for the coming year. That's chumpchains next
to the eight trillion dollars in deficits and surplus losses planted and incurred by George
Bush. Nevertheless, the eight billion dollar deficit is the hanging rope California's
right wing is using to Lynch governor Davis. Yet only Davis and Bustamani are taking
direct action again against to get back the nine billion dollars that was vacuumed out
of the state by in-ron, reliant, dinergy, Williams company and the other Texas bandits
who squeezed the state by the bulbs. But if Arnold is selected it's hostile are
beasted of the nine billion dollars when the electricity emperor's whistle Arnold comes
to the peninsula hotel or the governor's mansion. The he-man turns pussycat and curls
up in their lap. I asked Mr. Muscles PR people to come out of the new Enron memos and his
strange silence on Bustamani suit on or Davis's petition but Arnold was too busy shaving
off his hitlerian mustache to be spawned. The Enron memos it points out at the end of
the story were discovered by the foundation for taxpayer and consumer rights in Los Angeles.
How do you like that? That's start putting a little bit different face and shape and
picture to this whole thing. That's what it's really all about. Oh, no, you're wrong.
Arnold is everybody loves Arnold. He's just a great leader. He's very strong at education.
He's very strong on, yeah, on groping breast and elevators. And then when he's asked about
heater Jennings and Tom Broca if he's totally denying it. No, but that's just not me. It's
not me. He did it but it wasn't. Maybe he was like another body. You think that might
have been it might have been an outer body experience? Maybe kind of like roar.
He had an outer body experience. He dragged him off the stage and partly audience thought it was
just part of the act. I'll be done. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, oh in fact we got that
story out. We'll get to that. Also McClendon calls on sports negative resign if he charges
prove to. It's a little bit late now Tom because the election is to march as like Arnold's
love child scandal. It's starting to this story starting to like blossom a little bit.
Remember blossom? Oh, yeah, sure. I sure do. The 21 before 11 at 5 60, your Greg Reed
product station QAM.
My life and local. This is 4205 60.
You way, you way.
By every town at 560 WQ.
I saw half a board baby.
Isn't that the right line? Like I said, let's get wild to play off brushes on.
We sit and watch the TV with the finger of their butt.
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know what Christian's super fun.
We fight a little corner while fondling their nuts. Whoa, white love to know, white love to know.
What Christian's super fun. Postal white and tasty from the fascinades.
We're coming back to macaroni and cheese.
Cut holes in the pitch.
Just in case they reproduce.
That's just about all they're allowed to do.
White love to know, white love to know, white love to know.
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know, white love to know.
Do they get it swollen, hot while feeding out their guns?
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know what Christian's super fun.
Do they polish up the fish?
I'm carrying them their truck.
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know what Christian's super fun.
See them standing, eating, sit back down again and you.
And watch it all down with the twelfth eye of blue.
Live a life before the comfort of heaven you go.
Gotta reswile the fun for a natural.
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know, white love to know.
Do they get it, white love to know, white love to know, white love to know.
Do they hear about shooting a portion back to kill some time on a weekend?
1043 at 560 WQM, I just have another rune, I added to our list.
George, okay, for the second poll, who's the dumbest of them all?
I have already for that poll, sliced alone, Arnold Schwarzenegger,
who's going to be the next governor of California.
Mike Tyson, George W. Bush, Dan Quale, Gerald Ford.
I just added Greg Reed.
Because after finding out from Scott just a moment ago,
what initiated his hysteria this morning?
I mean, seriously, this man is just, he's tragic is what he is.
Yeah.
An emotional cripple.
I wish I had that cat cart.
Of course, I've got nothing to play it on anyway.
The meowing one, you know, I'm thinking you've got it no more.
What's McCulloch?
It's not, no, it's not.
What's in the short cut?
You just have to find it alphabetical.
I see.
Well, regardless of that, I wish I had those meowing sounds.
What a pussy, Greg.
Okay, butch up a little bit.
We didn't stop being such a pussy, such a nervous belly.
And also stop exporting it up here.
It's a beautiful day today.
It's going to be like 56.
Going to make it all the way to 68 and 70.
Is the end of the week, sunny?
No rain, lovely.
No humidity.
It's like heaven and T.O.
But he's better export his hysteria.
Buh-buh, to be fair, but you know,
I think, I think that Greg Reed and Norm can't shoot a loaf.
Don't you think that's a great marriage?
Sure.
We're doing it.
Oh, a marriage made in purgatory.
They can like hang out at the sushi place all day.
Okay.
Oh, well, Norma, don't call her, no mo.
Okay, I'm telling you that right now.
I don't care.
What all your buddies tell you?
Oh, yeah, people told me your pissed off.
I mean, I should call you.
No, no, no, no, no.
Don't call her.
Ever again, don't make that lose this number.
You silly person, you yourself are grandizing.
Faggot you, Norma.
Go away.
I'm starting to think that certain people
may even have a good point.
1040, 1045 at 560 WDQM.
Why horn?
Roy.
Of the glistening Vegas duo,
Sigfried and Roy has been communicating with doctors and friends.
He, now did you actually see the thing
where it was just that he moved his finger?
I've heard that he was guiding light.
So I had a show on it.
They just saw his finger moving or anything.
They just said so.
Oh, he moved his middle finger.
Oh, and that was for the tiger, I guess.
Like a last message, like a parting shot.
And by La Mula.
He's been communicating with doctors and friends
as manager told reporters last night,
two days after he was mulled on stage.
But one of the tigers in the show,
horn 59 remained in critical condition,
which hasn't changed since the incident Friday night.
Officials would not say whether he was on a ventilator,
or give any further details.
The doctors are cautiously optimistic about his condition.
Manager Bernie Eumann said outside,
University Medical Center in Vegas.
He said he hopes,
oh, and then they had these big prayer vigils.
Did you see that?
Yeah, it was all the employees.
I'm sure they'll pray to keep their job.
Right.
Please, please get better.
Wrong.
So we can have a job.
There's like 200 people.
Right.
The accident happened Friday night
about halfway through sick-free to end.
Brawl.
Show with the MGM Marage Hotel.
And we'll wait a minute.
At the MGM Marage Hotel,
is the Marage and MGM Hotel?
I don't know.
I guess so.
Oh, I never heard they referred to that way.
Before it, anyway, at the Marage
and Casino on the Vegas strip.
As the audience watched,
the seven-year-old white tiger named Montacore.
Now, this was his first performance this tiger.
I should point out.
Do you wear that?
No, probably last, I'd think.
Seven-year-old white tiger named Montacore,
lunched at Horn's Deck and dragged him off stage.
Audience members said,
Horn looked like a rag doll in Tiger's mouth.
Crew members back,
states,
the straight-of-fire-ex thing was sure
that the big cat to force him to release his grip,
attacked it,
if they were trained to use in such an event.
Marage spokesman Alan Feldman said,
Oi!
Horn's,
oh, and speaking of Alan Feldman and Yom Kipper,
that's another reason Mo won't be on tomorrow.
He's celebrating double-berelled Yom Kipper
for the Braves and for the Holiday.
Mr. Mr. Braves fan.
Now, let me ask you this, Scott,
who we supposed to be rooting for now.
Who's it?
Are we rooting for the Marlins
or the Cubs out of the sympathy vote?
Because the Marlins already won the series six years ago.
We love the Cobies.
They just the best, huh?
And Sammy Soso.
So,
Horn's suffered a stict of blood loss
and Feldman just ignored you.
And Feldman said,
hotel employees plan to hold a blood drive next week.
And he's like,
I'll show you what amongst your phone
is we got in our building,
the lovely Miguel who was born in Chicago.
He comes in this morning.
First of all,
sucking around for the playoff tickets,
which he ain't getting.
He's not getting them.
And number two,
I say to him,
well, who are you rooting for?
Uh, but it would be,
but it would be, you know,
he was going,
Hey, Crabble,
Hey, Crabble,
Hey, Crabble.
Okay, he didn't know whether to scream
or appeal his banana.
The Cubs got,
Yeah, we're not,
now we're not,
how did you find that?
I was looking for that.
No,
it's all right.
The Cubs,
sorry.
There it is.
It's under the,
you know,
I never, I never look under the,
the was how come all the other hairy stuff is under hairy.
And that one happens to me.
He just did that to screw me up, you know.
Thank you.
Fuck you.
Yeah, that's how it was.
That's how the cart was written originally.
There is no doubt at all that one of the factors
in Roy's current condition,
the fact that he's alive was the fact
that there was the availability of blood
in this community, Feldman said,
he lost a lot of blood,
which I can't imagine why since the Tiger ripped
the side of his neck open.
The show's cast in crew held a candlelight vigil
outside the hospital last night.
Horn, whose birthday was Friday, he was 59.
I guess that's not a happy birthday, huh?
Well, I mean, that's our poll question that I never
know. I mean, I wasn't doing it to be mean like you,
to be mean-spirited and hostile or unsubathetic.
All right.
The hell you're not sensitive to the tiger.
To the animal,
but to the people you figure scruems.
That's right.
Well, anybody named Roy, I would agree.
Can you think of anybody with that name that we like?
Roy Coden.
We see, see what I'm saying?
Roy Rogers?
Who else?
Roy Foster?
Oh, man, it was grabbing those dildos all over the place.
Attacking scruan with him.
In fact, I wonder if he knew Armald.
Now, he was okay.
Good old.
Roy!
Can you help me out with this?
Do you remember?
This is, I don't want to digress here,
but this story just came to my mind.
Roy Foster, former Jack,
ex-dolphin, which is why he was working at QAIM,
had no other business being there.
One of our sales holes for about five minutes.
And the room around the building with the he and scruan were really tight.
Well, at least him anyway.
Close.
Yeah, that's a better word.
In her case, I think tight would be like,
ancient history.
But at any rate,
so the story around the building was that he was just there.
Because, you know, he was an ex-john.
He was an ex-dolphin,
and he liked to hang out with scruans, literally.
So, the bottom line is he comes to me one day.
Now, remember I had that little car incident just before I came to QAIM?
Yes.
Because the Paxen people were making me,
well, I was Norm Kettigan being totally incompetent
instead of having him FedEx me,
the checks would be there the next day every time.
I would have had to drive down to the Paxen building
down the street from where you're sitting right now.
You know where it is.
And pick up my check.
Well, I mean, it was nice I was getting paid for seven months for doing nothing.
But the fact that I had to be there was bad,
because I was like, you know,
screwing around in Europe and all over the world.
Those times, enjoying spending my seven months paid for not working.
So maybe I'm a little bit ungrateful.
You know, well, the mail's a little bit slow.
That's normal. That's my agent.
Making excuses for the other side all the time.
You're a weakling, Norm Kettigan.
You're a weak sister.
You're a twisted sister.
So anyway, I'm driving here one day,
and it was a slick road that thing on the exit off the turnpipe.
It's called the Awain Heisei Memorial Lugging.
Your brain's knocked out by the turnpipe.
And all of a sudden, my beautiful Corvette goes into a skid
and spins around a couple of times.
But I've been.
Right, just like that.
That's exactly how it's done.
My head, my forehead under a rear-view mirror.
That was pretty gruesome, too.
To look at it.
It was gruesome, more so than usual.
There were a lot of people that I could never look over here
in this world.
Surprise.
So I had this big swelling on my forehead.
And I called up Dr. Mark,
who at that time I thought was like a real doctor.
And then of course,
he was just like, he was playing that.
And he really wanted to be a show doctor.
That was crazy.
As my little dog used to say,
Oh yeah, him,
and my red doctor.
And anyway,
so he says, Oh yeah,
when you hit your forehead like that,
it swells up and it's nothing.
Don't worry about it.
Remember that?
I know.
And like, you could get a concussion.
That's not worried about it.
I didn't even want to see me.
I guess he was probably busy.
About him and Ruchia was getting out a lot together.
And anyway, so I called you.
Remember that?
I called you.
I managed to drive my car,
which was like a mess.
My little fiberglass car,
I managed to drive it to
somewhere there on 441.
Please come in with hand-in.
Which one was it?
Hampton, wasn't it?
Right over here.
I'd like to give them credit.
It's a long time ago.
It's six years.
If I'd like to be nice to the people that deserve
who were nice to me.
They didn't wear a schlep-by car,
but then they can't.
I'll come running out and they look like holy.
I mean, that car looked like a guy.
It looked like almost that Ferrari from Danny Heatley.
It was in bad shape.
It wasn't split in half.
But then next worst thing, do it.
But there's that phone again.
Wish the look too.
I want to see who's on the phone.
Why did you give me a cell?
Oh, it's working today.
While it was working last night,
I have no idea what it's doing today.
But I mentioned bells out south.
I like it.
It's in this size.
There's the devil.
Can you wait to get evil?
There's the one thing pushed me over the head.
You know I saw that.
We can't hear you.
Sound off like you have a thing.
I'm so glad you slandered them.
I'm living on slandered them.
I'm going to get a dictionary.
This is the channel you were doing.
It's just in the channel.
I'm stating facts.
They suck.
Oh great.
I got a blender that's making a statement of facts.
It isn't true.
He was going to get some.
This is so unbelievable.
If I were to tell you,
now I was in the middle of a good story.
There were about the...
You're accident and you're concussion.
Well, what was that leading into?
You went to the doctor.
You called me on the phone.
What you were at Potemkin.
No, but there was something at the end of that story.
It was about...
Roar!
Forget about that.
We're changing gears right now.
Okay.
Changing gears based on our phone call just now.
Norma Kent is the world's biggest asshole.
Okay, as a matter of fact, I'm inspired right now.
He gives my phone number
to an old boyfriend of both of ours.
By the way, I should point out.
Yeah, I just...
Yeah.
Something that we posted.
I'm going to get a big first two.
I want to tell you what's going on.
About the brand new world's bigger app.
Same as the brand old.
At the top.
It's the brand new stuff.
I want to put it in the world.
That's what I'm getting.
His name is Norma Kent.
She's the new world's biggest asshole.
Now, he knows how money you're.
He knows I'm trying to do a radio show.
Right.
But his sense of humor, he gives the phone number.
Oh, well, I wanted to talk to him.
Because when I picked up the phone
and the person told me who it was,
this...
Yeah.
Now, he's not a bad guy.
A little on me.
Yeah, not a swishy guy, but a fag.
And anyway, he tells me who it was.
And I could have dropped the phone on the floor.
Like, how in the world could he have gotten this phone number?
Only from Norma Kent.
That's why.
So, you know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to change my phone number.
I just made up my mind.
And Norma ain't going to have it.
Norma, you're an asshole.
Here's the guy that's supposed to be representing me.
He's given my phone number.
I asked for this guy who's calling me for some big fundraiser
against President Bush.
In the middle of my life, while I'm doing a radio show.
You're kidding me.
I'm not kidding you.
And Norma knows them on the air right now.
He's just doing this to be an ass to be a bitch, to be a real bitch.
Hey, Greg, let me tell you right now.
If you want to get somebody who's competent, don't use Norma Kent.
Don't pay that bastard a dime, okay?
To probably go out and buy some goddamn nasty weed.
Not even good stuff.
Just nasty weed.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I hate that.
Crapie-crippy.
Crap.
Exactly.
He's been fudge-cacking.
Five.
Five, six, seven.
That's probably what he's been doing with it.
Oh my god.
What a-
Well, I am almost speechless.
You know how much it takes for me to be speechless.
I just can't get over that.
Because how many people in the world have got this number here in Toronto?
How many?
Todd Dreck.
Well, I got a news for it.
This queen had just called her.
Didn't get the number from Todd Dreck.
Unless maybe Todd's got something on the side
that we and his wife and family don't know about.
I don't think so.
Now, he got it from Norma Kent,
who's just being a real major butt plug.
Norma, if you ever call here again,
let me ask seriously, no matter what it's about,
what the only sound you'll hear will be.
That immediately.
I'm putting in my notice.
I'm getting me a real agent, okay?
I'm tired of messing around with little league silly people
who are professional putzes, okay?
Who run around the ball games pretending to be like 10 years,
trying to go through a second childhood again.
Whether God damn sandy soda blow up dolls,
or whatever leaves the hangin' out with.
He probably got a Pudge Rodriguez blow up doll now.
He's probably pulling his Pudge.
Do I have a spot here or not?
Because I'm lost.
Yes.
I was curious that I'm lost because that phone call
and see I knew my psychic powers told me you better go grab that
because it's going to be something you're going to want to grab it.
When of course years ago I already did grab that.
Pretty good.
1057 at 560 WQM if you're looking to replace that
terrible carpeting in your home that's just about had it.
Let me tell you about something exciting.
Laminates are us.
They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring.
Laminates are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring
from the top names in the universe peridore.
Peridore.
Pergo Wilson art, Unifluor and Quitstep.
And all of Laminates are us flooring installed by people
who already know their crap inside and out.
Pergo certified installers.
Here's another good reason like I always tell you that you really
ought to be calling these people and nobody else.
The prices at Laminates are us are so low that they'll probably
floore you.
Listen to this.
Right now get to fall special for just 1495 bucks.
Just $1495 gets you up to 295 square feet
of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
It is positively too good to be true, but it is.
And Laminates are us will match any legitimate written offer.
No obligation if you'd like to get a free and home estimate.
Just make one easy call.
Tell them that old Neal toy did call laments for us.
1 877 777 3336.
What could be simpler than make it so easy almost can't say no.
They give you a free carpet disposal.
Fefurniture moving at 25 year warranty.
And years and years of beautiful easy care.
Laminate wood flooring.
Call them today.
Laminates are us.
1 877 777 3336.
5 and local.
This is 5 city.
The radio is on your side.
Only cow.
Neil Rogers is right the cub sucks.
Spark?
You want to know where the spark went?
I used to think sex life.
That's going to fit somewhere in between kids, work, cleaning, stress.
Even if I wasn't the mood.
I was just too tired.
Well that was before I heard about Apple know.
Give it to me.
I tried it.
I had passion.
Yeah, passion.
Tell me, tell me.
You're scary me.
Come back here.
Who'd have thought?
Passion.
You could run but you can't hide.
Introducing Ablenel.
The new non prescription one stale tablet.
Make just for us.
I want it again.
You hurt my arm.
This is how I really am.
I'm back to being me.
Make love for me.
You just want me for the sex.
For a free 30 day sample cycle call or go online today.
I stole the position.
It's 11.15 at 5.60 WDQ.
I'm happy Monday to you.
Although you can't say happy.
Can we?
No.
A solemn Monday.
Because it's you.
I'm Kipper Man.
A solemn baby.
Oh, that wasn't thinking about that.
I was supposed to be solemn.
I'm thinking about Roy and all these things.
Right.
And believe me, and remember what I told you in the beginning of the show,
we're going to do screenless.
I'm in such a great mood.
And then within the first hour, here's Greg Reed coming here, hypervidelating.
I'm going to have that.
I'm going to have that.
I'm going to have that.
I'm going to have that.
I'm going to have that.
I'm going to have that.
I'm going to have that.
I'm going to have that.
That will rot your mind.
Too much bad pot causes your brain to rot.
They still have that paracquot pot.
Paracquot pot.
They're spraying it right now.
Can't you hear it?
Yeah, Norma's spraying it.
You're a simple to Norma.
You're an invasiliar.
You're an idiot.
You're a disgrace to the human race.
A little child.
I think the Marlins wins over the weekend.
Put her over the edge.
That must be it.
Hasn't this person call who I haven't spoken to in years?
Who looks really good by the way it least used to,
but it's kind of boring and bad.
But at any rate, say I'm not using no name.
So it's no problem.
Sure.
Can I mention the fact that his first name is Jim?
That's okay. There's a lot of Jims.
Is he not a member?
No, not that Jim.
Okay.
No.
Does he sound anything like that Jim?
No.
Hi.
This is Jim.
No, wrong Jim.
That's Randy's Jim.
You know, Randy?
No.
Randy.
That's the one with a multi-colored penis.
McClintot calls on sports negative resign of charges proved to.
I'm doing a screen list today, but you notice I'm not taking any calls.
Scott, because I got a lot of heavy agenda.
Plus we have all this other extraneous stuff going on,
which has nothing to do with his show.
I'm just sitting here, minding my business in T.O.
Look at it.
A beautiful sunny day.
And they still can't, because that's the main thing in South Florida.
If they can't make you miserable being there, they'll export it to you.
That's the one thing, rest assured, no matter where you go in the world.
If you can't be there to enjoy their misery with them, they'll export it to you.
On the phone.
They'll send you a telegram.
They'll throw it.
They'll send you a guy.
They've noten a bottle somewhere like in Lake Ontario.
Export it.
WQAM.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm from West Illinois.
I'm checking in.
All right.
I just wanted to open anyone mentioned Jack McKee and thank in Jesus Joseph and Mary for the
Martin's wins this weekend.
Oh, no.
Are you serious?
Oh, no.
He has direct quote was, Jesus blessed.
Much faster, he gets back Friday.
Oh, my God.
Oh, yeah.
And then Michael.
Right in the middle of the Jew holidays, he starts popping the Jesus crap at us.
Isn't that nice?
Like I said, let's go Cubs.
Let's go Cubs.
Let's go Cubs.
I just want to invite Robert up.
No, if I'm glad you did.
Thank you, sir.
Good old crusty Jack McKee.
Wasn't I just saying wonderful things about him last week?
What a phenomenal record they had once he took over this 900-year-old fossil.
But now see any, and it's not just him any of these athletes that bring up all the God Lord.
Say God if there was one has got maybe that's why the world is so messed up because assholes like Jack McKee and think that the Lord's got to
worry about who's going to win baseball games and blessing Pudge Rodriguez's bat.
Jesus Christ.
Have you been Pudge packing?
Is that your problem, Jack?
Yeah, Jack McKee and his Pudge packing.
I would have figured he'd be drinking Joe Boo's rum.
Right.
That's what you think an old far like him.
Once he got to lose anyways, 100 years old.
I'm pretty Cubs, man.
Let's go Cubs.
Let's go.
The Marlins already won a 97.
Okay, let's spread it around a little bit.
How about Kerry's wood?
Let's do it for a hairy, Keri.
Forget about Keri wood, always, you know.
Holy cow.
That game was worth of spining Neil Rogers and Hollywood Beach in one of those butt-floss-bending suits.
Hey, Neil.
Listen, lay off my good friend, that bear-grinky buddy Mike Tusson.
Well, I've been fitted for some Aunt Pudys.
Punk, Neil Rogers.
God.
What the hell does that mean?
I got scrooures of Rogers.
Oh, we got him.
Nice guy.
This is an honor of Harry, even though a resident piece in the grave somewhere.
You know, all the religions would say, oh, he's up there in the sky now looking down.
He's smiling on the cubs.
When they say that, actually, he's riding in the ground.
McClendon calls on Fortnegar to resign of church's proof.
Who literally frosts my answer about Jack McKin doing that God's squad crap again throwing the G's playing the Jesus card again?
Yeah.
Oh, I will say this.
You know, well, Scott would know because you wouldn't because you're not a baseball.
You don't watch any baseball.
But I've known for years Pudgerot Regus is one of them Catholics, one of them Hispanic Catholics,
that every time he comes to the play and I think he doesn't before every pitch, he crosses himself.
Before every pitch.
I thought he sacrifices a lot of chicken.
Not necessarily.
Have you ever noticed that?
Yes, he does.
Some of the guys they do when they first come up to the plate, but in his case, just to make sure on every pitch,
just to be like double safe, he crosses himself before every pitch, Pudgerot Regus.
I don't know why Jesus can't hit a curveball.
Yeah, that's right.
Oh, which reminds me, what's the name of that pitch?
Jesus plays baseball.
Is that the one that's called?
No, that's not what it's called.
Boy, I'm telling you, you're really falling down on a job today.
What?
I called everyone so far.
Jesus plays baseball.
If that's the name of the bit, then it's not a my thing.
And I know that I know I played it here.
What is it called?
I don't know.
I'll find it.
Nick Lintock, I've been trying four times to read this through, but I'm still so blown away by the fact that Norma Ken is giving out my phone number here in Toronto to people that I don't want to talk to.
Okay?
I mean, it's amazing.
You know, I think right there is like a criminal act, if you ask me.
What it is, at the very least, it's a betrayal of the client agent privilege.
You see what I'm saying?
Don't call here, Norma.
Okay?
I will not speak to you.
I will not speak to your boyfriend's girlfriends.
If you had any, which you don't, go away.
And you see the problem is it's young Kimber.
So he's obviously not working today.
So he's sitting there on his ass puffing away at a big fat one.
So he's more stoned than usual.
That's a problem.
So he's probably calling up everybody he knows and his phone will be ringing off the hook all day.
Asshole.
Well, have a good time on the last, because I think I'm changing the number.
You moron.
I've had such a rumbly, every time the phone rings, it's somebody I don't want to talk to.
I'm staring, I'm staring to wish I'd hear from Rimmer.
Oh, you will.
You put that out there.
Oh, yeah.
Now, he's, see, I like the Rimmer.
Is your number one that hates him, George?
It's not a good one.
It's not a good one.
It's just inappropriate.
It's true.
It's not.
Rimmer's my close personal buddy.
Have a great time.
WQIN.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Pally?
How are you doing today?
Okay.
Hey, that a bit about Norma and the ex boyfriend reminding me of something that happened last week.
I'm probably like Wednesday.
I'm at the new beach in Oliver.
And I'm laying out there with my thing hanging out.
And I'm listening to you on my little radio, right?
Yeah.
Just hanging out there, getting a tan.
You were hanging out, yeah.
And this old queen walks over to me, right?
And she, you know, she actually had a piercing down there.
But anyways.
Ah, she comes over to me.
Probably was freaky curl-us from our reception desk.
No, it was way older than that.
I've seen that one.
Anyways, she comes over to me and she goes, is that Neil Rogers?
I said, yeah.
He goes, oh my God, he's still on the air.
Of course, he's still on the air.
So he's like, wow, you're a young guy.
How old are you?
I told him you know, I'm 22.
He's like, wow, I didn't think young guys listened to him.
I said, oh, he's great.
He's like, I didn't know he's still on the air.
You know, and I was like, oh, yeah, he's awesome.
And he said, that's really cool.
So anyways, he couldn't look me in the eye for some reason.
And he goes over to me, goes, so, you got a boyfriend?
And I was like, all right, get the hell away, dude.
Yeah, exactly.
Anyways, it was probably normal.
Probably.
No, it wasn't.
Number two, I thought that was funny.
He was like shocked that I listened to you.
Uh-oh.
Moderately, yeah.
I wouldn't say it was like hysterical fall down on the floor laughing.
But it was a moderately amusing.
And what is it with these old guys getting the piercings down there, Neil?
It was gross.
Well, they got to get something.
Oh, God, to hang or something.
Anyways, um, number two, I'm thinking to go into Montreal and October.
What do you think?
I think have a great time.
Yes.
McClintot calls on Swartz today.
And I'll tell you that it's got a great McDonald's there.
Those freedom-free, this manual of them.
State Senator Tom McClintot called an Arnold to withdraw.
And see, I don't know.
The phones should be ringing off though, but the problem is, you know,
everybody's pretending to be Jewish today.
With the Marlins and the Cubs, this series coming up and then they, uh,
aren't we blessed in South Florida?
Oh, yeah.
God.
Dolphins, when yesterday, even a Panthers won on the exhibition against Tampa Bay Saturday,
three to two.
Scott got to go to see that.
Thanks to some freebie tickets we gave him.
Me and 17 other people in the pool.
Him and about, uh, how many people were there?
3rd man.
Said nobody was there.
Well, that was because the baseball game was later was an afternoon.
What was it?
The four o'clock start?
Yeah, we know it was one o'clock start.
And I'll tell you what really pisses me off and frost my ass is that up here,
we got 75,000 different sports animals.
We got sports that we got the TSM.
We got a zillion different ones.
Aren't the score.
But ESPN 2, ESPN 2 had the Marlin Giants game.
So every one of the sports channels here had the Yankee twins game,
which is a blowout, which is terminal.
And I couldn't get the Marlin game.
The only good part of it is the Yankee game ended early and then at that point they all joined the ESPN 2.
And we started into the game, which is the most important part.
And there was Pudge crossing himself in Jack McKin praying and saying,
Manastana Halala, Hazel, all that stuff.
Hey, Jack, I got news for you.
Okay, it's you. I'm Kipper today.
And don't be alienating us, Jews by talking about Jesus because I'm starting to think that Cubs have got a real hell of a shot now.
You know what?
As by reporters when he would tell Schwarzenegger McClintock said,
If those allegations are true, you should drop out of the race.
He went on to tell reporters that if the charges are proven Schwarzenegger doesn't deserve to occupy the governor's office,
as the father of a 13-year-old daughter, I'd have a great deal of trouble accepting that kind of conduct,
has been elevated to highest orifice in the state he said.
The political scant, they're not going to make any difference. It's too little too late.
If they put it on the news tonight on all the networks that he raped 15 women,
because he got 15 women out, accusing of groping and grabbing and squeezing,
but if it turned out that he raped it all 50, it still would make no difference,
because it's Arnold and America's obsessed with celebrities, man. It's Arnold.
He's very strong in education.
And one of these days he's going to learn to speak English.
That story that I read before, man, people should be swooning from that.
It's on our website. It's on neo-rangers.com if you want to read it again,
and see with your own eyes and say, holy crap, this is what it's really all about.
Didn't you think that was quite revelatory as they said it was?
And like before my phone rang it, it turned out to be some punk-a-fag.
Stop giving out my number, Norm. I'm telling you that I want the entire audience to go right now
that my agent slash attorney is giving out my phone number to people that he knows I don't want to speak to right in the middle of my guy,
damn radio show, because he doesn't show up in the numbers, okay, because he has no ratings.
He has no show, he has no life. He's got crap is what he's got.
So if you want to smoke some good crap, go and see George, because he's got the good stuff. Forget about Norm, I wish.
Yeah.
1113 at 560. See, too much comedy in what all I'm young voice? That's the problem.
Too much bad weed, too much comedy with the young voice affects your brain.
What used to be there used to be a brilliant mind and how it's deteriorating. It's degenerating. You degenerate.
Well, that's the one thing I do like about him. He's a degenerate.
Hey, let me tell you right now if your mattress is degenerated to the point where you can't get a good night sleeping your back is killing you.
Do the smart thing. Come, I go to friends at Donald mattress. Nobody can come close to their air, read a low prices.
365 days a year. Don't get sucked in by those Department of Bending Store, Fony sales for real discount prices on the top models in the world from Seely, Serta, tempered dick, Simmons, King,
Cora Sterns and bananas Foster call 1-800-MATRUS. There's no nonsense, no bait and switch, no house brands, no falls, promises and best of all, you don't have to pay.
See, somebody should know that. It's Greg instead of appreciating the fact that I'm working on you. I'm keeping it today, which I didn't have to.
I could have pulled the Jew card today, but instead of that, he comes in there, but I mean, but in the middle of the show.
It's like, I saw gaslight guys. I saw it. Yeah.
Which Charles Boyet. Here's good actor Charles Boyet. That's a French. Nice voice. No nonsense, no bait and switch, no house brands, no falls, promises and best of all, when you call my good close personal friends at Donald mattress, you don't have to pay any extra premium for great service.
Believe you me, you never see anything like it in the world. When you call Donald mattress, 1-800-MATRUS, you pick the day and time for delivery within any two hour windows seven days a week from 8 AM to 10 PM.
You know the window that I wish Greg and Norm would both jump through together and you'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night.
I want to be the best mattress you've ever had your ass on in your life. I've been sleeping on one for years and I'm still alive, even to this cranky old age.
With low prices, same day delivery, free set up and roval is easy to see by Donald mattresses ranked the best in the world for customer satisfaction.
So please don't get sucked in by those mattress rooms or furniture stirons. They can't even come close to match what you get every single day from Donald mattress.
Call tool free right now this instant 1-800-MATRUS or check them out online at mattress.com.
We're supporting you 5-6-7-2-A-M.
Oh
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Okay
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
1120 at 560. I love the little echo there at the end of the reverb. Oh, I love it.
Anyway, here's the fact that it says, during Friday's game, that we're doing an interview with A-Rod,
that's Pay-Rod View, Mr. in the expensive seats at the ballpark, Askin' about Texas,
and sitting behind him next to David Cassidy, who's saying the National Anthem, I understand.
Next to David was the one and only Jeff Rimmer.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
So, how much of those tickets cost him? I'll tell you the big, because probably got him through Fox Sports.
So, you think they remember paid for tickets? No. No chance.
It says if he has the money for those tickets, he can buy dinner next time.
Sure, hold your breath. We'll let you know what, Askin' Hell, okay?
Now, let's wrap up this first, this preliminary pool,
at what age do a birthday stopping? Happy birthday.
No, remember, he's not a took it. It's because I was thinking about it the other day.
November 5th, I'll be 61, that's old, man, really old, I mentioned.
And it's not a happy birthday, November 5th will not be happy,
then no matter what happens, no matter how much action I might get on that day,
or whatever great meal, or whatever happens, it ain't going to make any difference.
It will not be a happy day, as the stork flies.
At what age do a birthday stopping? A happy birthday, and 102 votes for...
I see they don't really believe that, they just wanted to hear me play.
Bought third of man, bought third of man, bought third of man, bought third of man.
How many times should I play that? Bought third of man.
102 votes for that, never 50. Isn't that sweet, do you believe that?
Nope, no. A 40, 31, 31 to see now, when I get the numbers,
31 people said 40 is the age of which, that's a good number.
22 people said 25. Boy, you talk about people that are like,
if they're serious, you got a real traumatic life ahead of you,
if you got that age kind. No, really. There are a lot of people, you know,
punks, punks, they go, oh, I'm 20, when I get to be 25, I'm done.
The end of the world. Yeah, of course they will start the guys,
they're looking really ugly, if they haven't already. 17 people said 50.
Now that's a good choice, I like that. 9 said 35, 8 said 45,
5 said 60, which from my personal experience is the correct answer.
Well, I was 50, I didn't feel old. In fact, when I was 59, I didn't feel
when my 60th birthday came last year, I said to myself, oh, right.
That's exactly what I said. When I went to the bank and opened that
check-in account here and they said, oh, you get a special senior
citizens discount because I'm 60. I said, oh, 70, two people said 70,
once at 65, and nobody said 55 out of the 255 votes on our first poll.
Okay, let's get to the meat of the matter. The second poll since our audience
is so poll intensive, especially on Jung Kippur, where everybody's Jewish,
even as far as you're Jewish, when we worked at the KAT,
Craig Worthing and I, and everybody else who worked there,
we had a very nice receptionist. Her name was Le Verne.
She was a dark, complex lady, and on the Jewish holiday, she was Jewish.
Maybe she was a philasha. No, she was not really Jewish, but on a Jewish, well, I mean,
it was the Jewish station. It was the Jewish station,
which was much to the consternation of the then sales manager to the late, the Bob Allen,
who was not a bad guy. I said he went to Notre Dame and used to shoot baskets
in his office all the time. He had this little make-believe basket up on the wall,
and one of those little cotton basket balls, you know.
Yeah. He used to shoot baskets all day, because he was from Notre Dame.
Oh, where they'll call us, the Jewish station. And of course,
he was about to one of the few boys in a whole place.
We had, well, Lynn Russell, she wasn't Jewish. Remember Lynn Russell from Headline News?
Yes. Didn't she retire?
Oh, no. She was nice. Lynn was very nice. That's what Sid Levent told me.
She was very nice. And Jim Alt, and I think he's dead.
If we can verify that, I'll tell you a really interesting story about Jim Altman here,
but I can't do it. Okay. What? No, if he's still alive, I can't tell you the story.
But if he's dead, what are they going to do?
Who else? No, I had Mark Forster. Remember Mark Forster's son called in one day
and tell me he's still alive? No.
Mark Forster, boy. He was popping more pills than Rush, but a good guy.
And it was mostly Jews there. And Craig Worthing was he Jewish? No.
Surely Spellerburg, even when I name was he Jewish? No.
Now she was a farbic and a good guy. We had Erf Schindler, there's another Jew.
But anyway, we got the reputation as being the Jew station because we were on Miami Beach.
And all of our listeners were old, old Jews. Old. Most of them dead by now.
So here's the second poll for today. Where did that all come from?
By the way, the Leafs beat Detroit 4-2 last night, the exhibition game at the Air Canada Center.
Well, ladies and gentlemen here.
Robert, for the big night, Eastwood.
I've gone Gary Baby, okay, you old fart you.
The dumbest of them all sliced alone on all the Swords and Eggers,
which you know, he'll get a lot of votes simply because of the timing of the whole thing.
Plus the fact he's a moron.
Yeah. Mike Tyson, George W. Bush, who will certainly get a lot of votes and deserve it.
So Dan Quale, see the problem with Dan Quale in Gerald Ford is the time factor?
Yeah. You see what I'm saying?
Because Quale was a pop-up Bush's vice president.
And that was like a long time ago, like 11 years ago that he got booted out.
And Greg Reed, I added on there, is definitely, I think he's going to get my vote.
Dumbest of them all.
A man who could win the lottery for 25 million and lose the ticket on a way to cash it in.
And he's just the StarCross.
You know, what's that Ed McMahon show star search?
Right. They ought to have one called StarCross.
And he would be the superstar on there because everything he, I don't know, he just can't handle success.
Got to do it with everything.
As you've seen, the audience has seen and heard what he's made many several years.
A few.
5, 6, 7, let's hear from all you cup fans out there.
Okay. Cubbies are going to get some Jesus ass.
Although, you know, Sammy Sosa does the same thing.
Yeah, he does.
Yeah, he does the same cross the thing.
Plus, at least Pudge Rodriguez, who's a better all around ball player than Sammy Sosa.
At least Pudge Rodriguez doesn't do the thing with a heart.
Well, what do you call that thing that he does that fully below the kiss in the fingers and
through the day of hard.
Oh, Sammy, we're so tired of your stay like like I said, let's go.
Marlins.
I really don't care.
I'm not a baseball fan.
I don't care.
We'll watch some of it.
I will not watch any entire games because I'd rather croak than do that.
But I'll watch some of it.
And I must confess, I watched some of the playoff stuff.
Yankees and twins.
That was boring.
I said, I didn't watch any of the cup braids game last night.
And that's why it comes one.
I don't want to be the kiss of death.
Let's get wild.
The playoff run is on and let's get wild.
Look at how wild the audience is.
Look at what does the phone do.
We're doing.
Scraveless.
Any action?
No.
Two stinking calls.
They're probably both cranks.
Well, we know line nine is QAM.
Crank line.
Hey, Near, how are you, man?
Okay.
Is this a real call?
Yes, it is.
Can't believe it.
How does it take all good?
So far it's been mixed, mixed bag.
I hear you, man.
Hey, I got a little bit of gossip for you.
A little bit of gossip.
A little bit of fireport for you.
Yeah.
I was listening on the radio last night.
And Matt Fudg mentioned you last night.
Yeah.
What did she say?
Yeah.
She said that she was talking about the whole Rush Limbaugh thing.
Yeah.
And he was saying that, ah, the snail roger's out of Miami.
Ah, he's so angry and mean he's going to end up dead,
living by himself.
And, oh, man, he was brutal last night, dude.
I'll be damned.
It was kind of funny, Matt Fudg laugh.
I know he's got a tape to play, but.
I'm sure that his international audience was really impressed.
Thanks for using my name on here, Ms. Fudg.
I can use all the publicity I can't express it with a lame agent like I got.
Thanks for the spy report, sweetheart.
Ms. Fudg, another one.
You know, I just never seem to be amazed that the people who are obsessed with me.
Obsessed.
Not just interested or not just listen, uh, but I'm talking about obsessed life.
And of course, you know, Ms. Fudg is listening right now.
Just looking at her or her cat.
They're probably together.
They're probably doing it.
Yeah, no, they're probably doing it.
They're probably a drug packin'.
1127 at 560 WQM.
Hey, if you're one of those people, let's look in turn to Fudg.
Don't they have like low carb Fudgity lights?
I think they do.
We had that on there sometime.
Sure.
I know they got those brownies.
They got the walnut brownies by control carb.
They've got over a thousand low carb and sugar-free products that delight.
So all you people on the low carb diets, whether it's chickens or scatkins or
soundpeach, diet or sugar-busters or that bitch, Susanne, summers, whatever one you're on.
This is a story you'll love because they've got so many things that you can actually enjoy.
Things with some taste.
Things to keep you going.
Things to snack on.
Like bagels and breads, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies for all you brownie-hounds, like misfudge.
Chocolates, pasta, sauces, chips and dips, soups, ketchup, carbolite, ice cream and much more.
I think the aroshting probably has misfudge coming apart like all the other right-wingers too.
Oh, no, not rush!
Oh, she was doin' rush.
Some of the light chocolate chip cookies, carbolite candy coated chocolate covered peanuts,
apple cinnamon granola by Carbson, all of these things and so much more.
And don't forget at Delightse West Bokey you can try anything in the store before you buy it
to see if you'd be liking it.
And all the Atkins Brent products are on sale all day, every day, even yum kippur.
You're open seven days a week from 10 to 10 and you'll find Delights on the Northeast corner of Glaze in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them tool free if you like it, 1-877-Low-Carb.
That's L-O-W-C-A-R-B, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
If you really want to stock up on fantastic snack items for your low-carb diet,
this is a place to find them all.
Delightse West Bokey, you're official atkinsreelset, a retail center, by the way, Dr. Bob, watch out on that sidewalk.
Delightse West Bokey, you're official atkinsreelset, a retail center, by the way, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're official atkinsreelset, a retail center, by the way, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're official atkinsreelset, a retail center, by the way, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're official atkinsreelset, a retail center, by the way, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're official atkinsreelset, a retail center, by the way, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're official atkinsreelset, a retail center, by the way, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're official atkinsreelset, a retail center, by the way, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
Delightse West Bokey, you're on www.LowCarb.com.
I'm fine, no, he says he wears his heart on his sleeve
as what we were trying to say.
Not that, that's Joey, he's got a one track mind.
He's a jock, he's an ex-jocke, we took a lot of showers
without an naked guys.
WQA, I'm hello.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Who is?
We're your con.
Phil.
Speaking.
Hey, hey, what's up?
What can we do for you sir?
I don't think I can do that.
Nice and better.
Oh yeah.
5, 6, 7, let's have Celia Cruising the National Anthem
to the first game at PP Park on Friday.
Isn't it Friday? I hope.
Let's see, Tuesday and Wednesday in Chicago.
Yeah, Friday.
I don't want to get that wrong, that would be bad.
Since this is supposed to be your Marlund station,
by the way, Dave Van Boring is still bad.
He is terminal, he is so boring, it's embarrassing.
I mean, here they're in the playoffs, they won 20 games
over 500 on the regular season.
They kicked the ass in the playoffs, they beat the giants.
And this guy still needs to get slapped on the side of the head
to get any excitement out of him.
You're boring, you're boring Dave.
Van here, see they're afraid to slap him on the side of the head
because that tingle popped off, you know that piece?
Otherwise, he might get excited.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neil, I heard a caller call last week, who's asking you
about an intimate relationship you had with the woman
and you didn't want to talk about it?
Yeah, right.
Dream on, pal.
Send us some of whatever you're taking.
WDQAM, hello.
Baseball blows.
We love the Marlunds, here's the South Florida excitement, man.
This is what it's all about.
62,000 people on Friday.
65,000 people on Saturday.
They really care.
No.
No, just something to do.
You know, just hop on the old bandwagon, hop aboard.
I've seen more enthusiasm.
And this is a goddamn, all you can eat buffet, especially
from Fat Rich.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's go.
Let's go, Marlunds.
Let's get with it.
You idiots out there.
WDQAM, hello.
First exciting thing to have it in this town,
since Aion floated up on shore.
And these people still can't get into it.
WDQAM.
Hey, yeah, sir.
The atmosphere is pretty stupid, but I think she's maybe the second
stupid person I'd like to nominate Joe Rodriguez, people.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Is this a baseball pole?
Are we taking a baseball pole right now?
Oh my god.
Scott's right.
This is a bad sports town.
It is.
It's the worst WDQAM sports central.
Hello.
Keep making excuses.
Bitch.
Yeah, okay, bitch.
WDQAM, hello.
Let's go, Marlund.
Hit one out.
That's what baseball is all about.
All right.
Thank you, Joe.
There's a little dog, Joe Rose.
Is that a way to come through for it?
Don't forget.
Let's get wild.
The playoff pushes on.
And let's get wild.
The playoff run is on.
And when you think they like to settle on wonder,
both so lame.
To be using both of those.
I mean, come up with something good, Suzanne.
This is what they're paying you for.
She's in the promotions.
Whatever her title is.
Good.
God almighty.
Somebody has penned this broad to be doing.
I was going to say, bitch, that would have been bad.
To be putting stuff together like that.
Brother, people are on death row for a steal
unless they're mad.
And whatever she's getting paid for this crap.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, regarding the Marlund, I think you should recall it.
WDQAM, hello.
I'm the best officer.
WDQAM, hello.
Oh, God, blue ball.
Oh.
WDQAM, hello.
Where's my soup?
WDQAM, hello.
Speak to me.
How big of a pardon?
Speak to me.
What do you want to talk about?
Objects.
What did I tell you?
I told you this was going to be a better day.
And based on what?
I just felt it.
I knew it.
When I got on the bed this morning, I had this feeling that,
huh?
When you got on the bed, you felt it.
I felt it.
I said to myself, I'm coming.
That's what I thought.
And it turned out it was just like post nasal drip for my nose.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
WDQAM has got 70 foe.
Who's the dumbest of them all?
Mike Tyson 35.
Jessica Simpson 10, she's in third place.
Arnold's got nine.
She's, I had Arnold right now for dumb.
Greg Reads got eight.
That's really saying something.
Nice going, Jessica.
Dan Quail 4, and in the cool Smith got a pair.
Vig and Ugly, Gerald Ford's got one.
Slice the loans got one.
And Tommy Thompson, the old cheesehead, he'd be having one.
I'll tell you where they have a big one.
A big gigantic blowout sale.
It's going on right now at Halif Pontiac GMC.
It continues as Tom Levin and Joe Prieto put everybody
else under the table on top of it and behind it.
Here's NEODial number one.
Save up to seven grand.
Get the highest rebates of the year right now at Halif Pontiac.
Plus get deep, deep, way down to the repentalownies' discons.
And all remaining two thousand three models including the UConn and the OnVoy XL.
What's not to like?
NEODial number two.
Get zero percent financing from to five long, excruciating years.
And listen to this.
At Halif right now, as I speak, you can lease a fully loaded two thousand
and four grand pre GT for only two hundred and fifty nine bucks a month for 36 months.
You get twelve thousand miles here and out of pocket you pay only twenty five hundred bucks.
And as always, Halif's got the best selection in town.
A certified pre-owned car is processed.
You'd have to be certified to be shopping anyplace else.
And don't worry about your credit.
Don't worry about a blemish or two along the way.
Even if you want to do the first team, you still can probably still cut your deal.
And Halif Pontiac GMC.
It's the big two thousand three blowouts sale that's going on right now.
And you'll find it in one thirty four oh one.
South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
For more info on the spectacular unbeatable NEODials called the NEODial hotline tool three.
Or maybe called Norma Candid Home at this number.
Call one triple eight five three four forty two eleven.
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven.
Don't forget all NEODials.
Subject the credit of approval.
See the folks in Halif Ford details in Halif Pontiac GMC who are most definitely professional grade.
My name is Halif and I'm called this is four hundred oh high sixty.
You ain't no way.
You call me Mr. Boots.
And I've been living in the 12th of the 1 hour.
She's a perfect.
You like the flash.
Her fancy you when she don't have those on.
She's hanging like the straw me on right and cultures rancid snap.
In cultures rancid snap.
Imagine what you can catch.
From in culture snap.
Don't you move it.
Gonna reappear.
Grashes with a brush.
She'd thank her all though.
And he'll learn but you'll never get drug in cultures rancid snap.
And cultures rancid snap.
A swirling pool of crap.
And culture rancid snap.
Using fungared voice.
Making out her place there.
Walking with the bill of dough.
Furbly and inside of her but in cultures rancid snap.
In cultures rancid snap.
You'll want to know what it can hatch.
In cultures snap.
I'm looking at Miss Fuy speaking of that.
I'm looking at her girlfriend Miss Dredge is a website.
Yeah.
ABC News's Jennings praises Arnold.
L.A. Times faces anger first Schwarzenegger coverage.
Etc.
All of the big headline.
McClendet calls on Schwarzenegger to resign.
It's all over the place.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's love child scandal.
So says the inquirer online.
On the eve of the California gubernatorial recall election.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's in broad and a love child scandal.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
According to an article in the London paper that Daily Mail,
a California woman, Tanny Bate, Tussignat.
Tussignant.
What's her name?
Tussignant.
Oh.
Has told Pell's that Arnold secretly fathered his son while he was already married to Maria Shriver with at the missing chin.
Confended by the inquirer in front of her suburban home in Brea, California.
Probably right near the La Brea Tarar at Tarpa's where she lives with her husband Tanny would only say,
I don't want to talk about this.
Tanny previously denied the claim to the British press and Arnold insisted Daily Mail story is not true, but...
An inside source told the inquirer that Tanny and the iron on Arnold were very close to the decade ago.
She was in her mid-20s when she and Arnold first met and struck up a friendship, says the source.
She was a flight attendant aboard a private aircraft that Arnold frequently chartered.
While Arnold was married, he was smitten by her bubbly personality.
She was bubbling all over the place.
She was equally smitten by his celebrity status.
Kind of sounds like that rubber plate pitch.
What's her name?
Bonnie Bakley.
Oh, Martin can have a bake sale for Bonnie Lee Bakley.
A pal of Tanny said that not only was there an affair between Arnold and Tanny, but that Tanny claim...
You know, it's interesting.
There's a miss print here in this story.
Really?
It says there was an affair between Arnold and the Tanny.
So we've got the Arnold and now we have the Tanny...
But Tanny claimed that her son was fathered by Arnold.
When I contacted Tanny to ask about her pal's allegation she'd denied her son's Arnold self,
but when I pulled her son's birth certificate, I found that father's name was...
Blank!
You ready for that?
It was Blank!
And even the woman herself admits that over the years, many people have commented on how much her son bears a physical resemblance to Arnold.
The Schwarzenegger love child claim has also been made by several other women in Tanny at the time of court of the inside source.
A number of years ago, rumors of Arnold's affair with Tanny began to decouple publicly.
Several people knew about the rumors and word was getting out.
By the late 90s, Maria Schraber got wind of it and arranged for Tami to lose her job.
Reporter Wendy Lee investigated love child's story for the London paper The Diely Mile and told the inquirer,
despite Tami's denial, I researched this story for two months and I think it's right on or is the Brit say dead on.
But the inside source declared, although Tami dismisses the allegations that Arnold's the father of her oldest son,
she hasn't come forward yet with a DNA test to prove it isn't true.
Until she does, the verdict is uttered by the California's Republican candidate for governor Father A Love Child.
And the creams are singing, oh I wish we had a love child, don't you?
Wait a minute somewhere.
Now that you do, I bet you I got it.
But okay, let's find out.
Cubs, Marlins, what's your take?
Come, let's go.
Big excitement in town.
Nobody, even Pharrell was in this morning. Nobody's talking about the dolphins, even though they beat a girls team yesterday with a girls quarterback.
Nobody's even talking about that.
All the sports players.
And we love the Marlins.
They're all whipped up with his foamy friends.
And everybody knows it's true.
You can hear about what we're here is going on here today. They all know it's true.
But it's something to do and it's so why it's true.
Who's the dumbest of them all?
George W. Bush 87.
There's nobody even close.
Even Mike Tyson, who's uh, oh, it's points.
Right.
Jessica Simpson 16.
Wow.
That's a little shocking, isn't it?
It is.
He's almost, she's got almost a double of the total a Greg Reed Arnold Schwarzenegger.
They each have nine.
And in the close mid-six, Dan Quill 4, Gerald 4-3, sliced the loads got a pair.
And she said Tommy Thompson won that's because nobody has any idea they forgot how quickly they forget.
They don't know who that is.
Because the administration is so embarrassed by him that they put him in a closet somewhere in a broom closet.
Right.
Oh, look at that.
Definitely, yes, on a recall.
Oh, it's going down.
Look at that.
Wednesday 52 Friday, 47 Saturday, 44.
It's dropping like a rock.
That's a pull by the San Jose by nightritter papers.
Oh, they should rot.
The San Jose Mercury Journal.
You see that?
That would say that they were likely to or probably would vote for the recall 41 percent pretty much said that they're against.
That is a tightening up of things.
And there are many people who are arguing that it continues to tighten up the Schwarzenegger as a newbie.
They're doing a tightening up with our key element drills.
The Schwarzenegger can't deny this.
Nevertheless, there has been a relentless pounding by the Democrats by the recall of Thomas Brown or Senator,
continuing to raise the issue, particularly his treatment of women.
And Schwarzenegger is continuing to say miles that in fact it's time to talk about something else and it's really just part of a life.
Yeah, I like the issues.
Is he going to start doing that?
No.
Is he going to tell us all his plans for getting rid of that budget deficit?
No.
No, he's going to sweep.
He's going to sweep it in and he's going to...
Oh, and then one of the best lines was either on the Peter Jennings or the Broko interview.
He said he was going to get specific with his response to this after the campaign was over.
In other words, after they elect him, then he'll give you the answer to the question about all his credit.
And then he'll say, you're happy to do it.
You see?
That's a good way to do it.
Sure.
It's like rush.
After rush retires, he'll tell all of his ditto heads out there the truth about the pill popping allegations and about how many thousands of these he was doing a year.
Not third man.
Yeah.
Dominic QA Am hello.
You know, Marlon's hotline.
But we don't take funny voices.
Sorry. Dominic QA Am hello.
Let's go.
Martin Jen, go.
Now with those dolphins because we do not like them.
He's spudger.
Hold on to balls.
I love them.
WQ Am hello.
Majoral pitch.
Don't talk about normal like that.
Please, she's very sensitive. WQ Am hello.
It doesn't matter between the Marlon's and the Cubs because it's the year of the Red Sock.
Oh no.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah.
Hey, Mr. You better watch your peas and cues and a's if you catch my grip.
You still got some more work to do.
Okay, before you start talking big the year the Red Sock talk about a choking gagging organization.
Oh my.
Yeah.
You think the Braves are a choke team.
You ain't heard nothing yet.
Well, look at this.
Leafs lunch.
What the hell said all about?
I'm ready to lose my lunch just thinking about this season.
Leafs tied Detroit 1-1 and exhibitionist game on what was it?
Saturday night and then I forget which night.
I can't keep them straight.
They were in 4-2.
They wasn't right at the ACC those night.
And from 18,800 people by the way Scott.
How many?
18,800.
Well, the Panthers had the 800 part.
Yeah, I was going to say they had 18,000 more than the Panthers.
Because nobody cares about hockey and South Florida.
Nobody really cares about baseball.
But they were sported out.
You know, they were all sported out from Friday and Saturday for those all those phony people.
Look at that.
It's your own in Virginia says Arnold is a sexual predator and should be regarded as such by women voters.
You go, girl.
Right on, sweetheart.
Who cares what the people in Virginia think?
It's like, it's like, it's an art people.
What do you think?
What do you think?
Are they going to vote in California?
No.
WQAM?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
No one cares about hockey because it's stuck.
WQAM, like you.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
What is up with the guttum and spa?
It must be even a convenience store is our close to the young Kipper today.
Oh, I got a paper jam, George.
Uh-oh.
Talk.
Oh, we could talk about the bell sound.
Yeah, bell sound.
Tell me about them.
Well, Gary's on it.
It does.
Pay me the money.
Okay, sir.
I fixed my paper jam real quick.
Idiot.
Don't be pissing off Gary Sarner, man.
He's a real plus its young Kipper.
He's a real from you.
You know that?
Yeah.
And I'm a young Kipper.
Come on.
This is Joe Ball and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
Oh.
Joe, hello.
Who when she gives me stats?
Gives me stats.
So I have to pick her up and send terror.
I don't know who the top four are.
I only spent you up with the card for my chunk.
But it's just a matter of interest.
The corruption is around the discussion.
No surprise.
The white theater is May.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
I'm a pro 16 at 560 W.A.M.
Here's Bobby Newman from Caldera's course.
It was a little bit fratious inside the saddling enclosure.
They're just finishing getting the saddle on her now.
Which I think we ought to carry.
I wonder if Phil's working today.
I think Phil Salsman's working to call her today.
I'll go call him.
No, no, you don't have to call him.
I'm just kidding.
Because I'm watching on the erasing channel right now.
Yeah.
And we actually have nine minutes to post.
I'm at the sixth horse field, which is pretty embarrassing.
And the three horses three to five.
Let's do like an eddy case.
You're let's punch our guts out right on the ear.
What do you say?
Oh, not on your own.
Kipper.
That's bad.
Wouldn't it be really evil if you're like Jewish and get caught
of the track on your own Kipper?
That's a good place to go.
Go out to Caldera and punch your lungs out.
Okay.
Just to show me you don't participate in any of these ridiculous
organized religion.
Uh, thank the Pope by the way.
Don't look too good.
No.
He's on the way out.
He said he's checking out.
I'm just waiting.
I don't know if he says anything when the horses come on a track
because I think they're going to blow the show for a minute.
That's right wrong.
Wrong holiday.
They're going to blow the vehicle post time for the first race at Caldera.
But this is very exciting.
It's a maiden special way with a person 25,000.
Uh, you can get your bets in George.
Well, there's a six horse field.
Which one do you pick?
Of the purple one.
No, there is no purple one.
There's red.
There's white.
Red.
Okay, that's the one.
Now that's the second choice.
That's a good chance.
He's seven to two.
Scott picks.
There's six now.
What are the colors out there?
White, blue, yellow, green and black.
Blue.
Blue is the three.
That's the three to five favorite.
What's that?
Oh.
You're born at two hard, man.
You're the wind.
Are you going to call it or are they?
No, Phil Sautman will call it.
You got eight minutes.
You've got a wild and a party.
Bring some on to the track for the staff to be first.
It's Phil Sautzra's first half of the early daily devil
to the beginning of the rolling pick three.
You sound so Jewish to this race.
Phil Sautzra's working on your kipper by the way.
Oh my God.
Phil.
He's a good guy.
11 allegorico.
13 stormy pleasure.
And 14 Jebs.
Okay, you got George has the one who's four to one.
I got the four now, which is five to one.
And Scott's got the three four to five.
Okay, Mr. Suresfield.
Wouldn't be something of one of the other ones.
Come on.
That's our luck.
Okay.
Five bucks.
And Scott's been all we salary.
Five six seven oh five six.
Yeah, keep my IPO on here.
I don't want to miss this assimilating first race of color.
This is very exciting.
And we got Phil Sautzra working today on a Jew holiday.
WDQAM.
Nobody there.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
See, only like less than 10% of our audience is Jewish.
But on this particular holiday, it's, you know,
everybody jumps on the bandwagon, like I said before.
Even as starches are Jewish on this day.
If the opians are the fallashes, the Buddhists.
All your kids out there put on your galoshes.
Okay, it's the Jew holiday.
WDQAM crackline line nine.
Hello.
Okay.
I'm in the room.
WDQAM.
Yeah, I'm having a hangin'.
Okay.
Hey, listen, I got a minute.
I'm a Marlin bandwagon jumper from the front end.
Of course.
But you got to make those last two games.
It's a pretty exciting event.
You got to, you got to make that, can you?
Absolutely.
I mean, I believe, I might be at a 69 minutes.
I was at that World Series in 69.
Yeah, screw them.
But, you know, it's a quite a thing for this 65,000 people to come to an event.
This is an event town.
Yeah, it is.
I wish them all the best.
You know what that really means when it says it's in a big event town.
I mean, it's a bushly town.
And I already have a big deal and they'll show up.
The rest of the time they have no interest.
I totally agree.
I mean, you know, it's just, it's sad.
And, but at least, at least I'm not talking building a stadium yet.
Yeah.
So, let's nip it in the bug.
Go Cubs.
Anyway, I love that.
I love that.
I'm big.
You play with the Cubs.
Man, that takes me back to like what was that?
The 80s when you used to go up there with the bomb they used to go to.
Yeah.
Murphy Murphy's bleachers.
That's it.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Anyway, it's the days, man.
Hey, how best you think Danny Eelie is.
You're going to be gone for good now.
Are they probably going to be gone for good now?
I don't know.
It says he could go to three to 15 years.
If he's not looking too good, of course, he didn't look good before this.
But good luck to us.
Okay, I have a rate day, pal.
You don't start with the hockey stuff.
That'll be the end of us.
Oh, you got six minutes to fill it off your part.
But we're not going to like, we're not going to branch out.
Because if, you know, things get slow.
Oh, did you see the story about frog eggs fall from the sky in a home in Berlin?
Did you see that?
Shades of Magnolia.
Shades of Magnolia.
God, do I love that movie?
I don't know what time I did the, um, to the soundtrack?
Yeah.
Oh, there it is.
I love that song.
I love the movie.
I love everybody, Amy Mann.
One moment is so lonely, it's no longer that you're ever too long.
It's either one or it might be...
That could be it.
You can be as bad as one.
It's the only snow, but since the number one...
I love that song.
I got the first race from Calvert coming up on you, degenerate gamblers out there.
Trust me to four wins, hands down, open lengths.
Which yet they would do it.
I guess I have to go to my odds channel, which is like right now.
Uh, for it all, like I said, I got no chance.
I'm nine to one now.
What just happened?
I got a long shot.
I got nine to one.
You got the second choice on the, uh, favorite four to five Scott, which, you know, he's got about $2 to show on the favorite.
That's all he can...
You're not a...
No, he's not a present.
He's still got to show up there?
Doing any risky business.
Yes, there's no betting show at Calvert.
Not a pompano because Dick Feinberg's a hard ass.
Anyway, getting back to Berlin, this is not Berlin, uh, Germany.
Berlin, Connecticut.
I didn't even know there was a Berlin-Connection, did you?
Nope.
Nope.
No, you do now.
In a scene that sounds more biblical than plausible, masses of amphibian eggs rain down.
On premodial agatist porch last month as the remnants of hurricane Isabelle moved through the state.
The Agada.
I'm so sorry.
Bad Italian.
At first, the Agada thought the thumping noise he and his wife heard on the back deck September 19 was hail.
But when he went outside, look, the Agada discovered a tiny gelatinous eggs with dark spots in the middle.
Probably something to do with Robert Grieper.
I couldn't even pick them up with a spatula.
They were so sticky.
Digata said.
Biologists from nearby Central Connecticut State University say the eggs are likely from frogs.
See what I mean with the, uh, uh, uh, uh, movie?
Right?
The Madonna movie?
And because no frogs in Connecticut lay eggs this late in the year, scientists and natural speculate they may have come up from North Carolina,
another warm location down the winds of Isabelle.
Isabelle.
Diagata brought a bowl of his mysterious find when nearby nature center after the town's annual, uh,
town's animal control officer couldn't identify what it arrived in his yard.
Nicholas Diaz, are there any like Americans?
No, anybody named Smith besides Will?
No.
Nicholas Diaz, a naturalist and teacher at New Britain Youth Museum at Hungerford Park, took a look at Diagata's bowl and told him it looked like amphibian eggs.
It is quite possible to storm curate the eggs right up the coast and drop them here in Connecticut Diaz said,
if you had a strong wind and strong updraft, it could lift something right up, he said,
like that raining frog sting in Magnolia, which show, you know, there are people dispute the historical accuracy,
but they say it has happened.
And though they, they say, what do they say?
Who's they?
People often bring animals and plants to the center for identification Diaz, but Diagata's eggs are among the stranger things he's seen.
It was hard to get my mind around the fact that these had traveled up from some tropical area he'd be saying.
Some of the eggs were brought to Central Connecticut City University for testing, but their origin could not be determined because whatever was inside them didn't live long enough to hatch.
Said Ruth Rollin, share one of these schools biology department.
If it were a hatch, it would have been like a clone of Robert Grieper.
Hatch digs would allow scientists to identify the type of frog rather amphibian.
Diaz got is keeping two small water filled glass jars of the eggs that he invented and will hatch.
He said, a few seem to have sprouted what looks like a tail.
Maybe they're just guppies.
Okay, when I was a kid, we used to take guppies.
This is a terrible thing I've told us before because kids are evil.
Evil.
And we used to take guppies and we put it like in hot water and then we put it like in real cold water and watch them burst open.
We used to take frogs and take a straw.
Isn't that disgusting?
You're watching guppies like pop right open like that.
Murderers.
God, damn, no wonder God has punched me with this kind of a life working for Greg Reed.
Working in South Florida.
At least I don't have to be there.
I see they're doing this Philadelphia Park thing.
Where's the Calder race you idiots?
Huh?
It's, oh, I see, but they're simultaneously is post time.
So for some reason, Philadelphia Park is precedents and we'll have to wait for the Calder race.
So we better do the break.
Okay.
How am I going to do this?
Uh, tape it.
How do I do that?
If I tape it, you'd have to take me out of off the air.
We'll search you off as soon as you get into the break.
Okay.
And then I'll give you back on as soon as we come back.
Good taking.
All right.
25 past noon at QAM attentional mortgage shoppers.
The following message can save you tens of thousands of dollars.
Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically.
But they're still an interest rate available at just 1.95% from financial group call 1-809-409.
And LND, it is true.
The economy is changing.
So if you're even thinking about refinancing your home, if you want to move up to a better real estate investment,
call our friends at financial group tool for a 1-809-409 with 1.95% of these payments.
If you have a 100,000-lone-upilion-368 a month, a 200,000-lone-upilion-736 a month.
So call financial group today and get that low astonishing 1.95% interest rate you've been here to talk about.
Call 1-800-940-LND for financial group.
They're an equal housing letter.
Credit restrictions apply.
Rate something to change monthly 5.19 APR.
5 and the local of these 60's 560's.
The rate is all yours.
QAM.
Stockings.
They come to the 16th poll.
Rift the lien.
It's minis.
Bluebird by 3.
Penny at a time is next and 3 more lengths to sexy stockings.
Here's the wire.
It's minis.
Bluebird goes wire to wire and wins it by 2.5.
Penny at a time takes the place.
Sexy stockings was third.
Can we do it or what?
What I win.
It's a six-horse field and there are three of us picks.
We got half of the field.
Wait one at Calder.
I had sophisticated golfers.
I had 10 to one shot.
They bet my four-horse, 3 to 1.
He came in a desperate staggering third.
Who the hell was second?
She was 10 to 1 and she goes gate to wire.
She starts here with lace sets.
Many love her for conditioner or radio to radio junior aboard.
I didn't like the the truck that was a penny at a time.
She's been a maiden for a long time.
So when she wasn't going to get it done.
5, 3, 4.
So Scott came in third.
I heard Scott came in second.
I came in third and George as usual.
No word to be found.
Howard from Boka.
All right now.
Welcome back to the Mohara David Hoshon.
More mucus, uh, station.
We got a spatial guest journey in his today.
Oh no!
Not on the feedler again.
That's tape feedler, your numbs go.
And then aid him eat it.
I'm even tired of dropping his day.
How is the ratings party?
I don't want to talk about it.
Why?
You see, I thought it was an all-newed ratings party.
I don't want to talk about it.
Lawrence told me everybody there was going to be in the mood.
So I chose up naked.
And everybody ran out of there.
Yeah, because she showed himself naked.
No, he told Louie in the same thing.
Oh, yeah.
Oh.
Here comes our spatial guest for real, right?
Well, what do you know?
What do you say?
You know, this is got to be one of the premier radio shows on the air today.
Well, you're good.
Oh, the boss and the bike.
You guys are a panic, eh?
What boss and bike?
He's talking about Neil's show, Mo.
Let me tell you something.
Yeah, watch out for that spooge, hoffet.
That guy there is gay and then lifter.
Whoa, get loaded and hooded.
It's the broads out in here.
This is a sports station.
Ah, putting the top of your shirt.
All right, everything's up and down.
What are my dance?
No, I'm here to pay.
I suppose you want to make me know.
Everybody else wants me for their receptacle?
Why not you?
There you go.
No chance, you old bastard.
I have to see enough of these ginsens and bokeh every day.
I want you down.
My job?
That's a different kind of rate.
I'll have you know I'm the king of the station.
And you have to go.
Who are these two good?
All he has to do out of here.
Hello, Mo.
What's the meaning of this?
These large fellas are here to escort you outside.
Oh, but what?
Give me the keys for the kingdom of the king.
Why, of course, Mo.
You can always count on me.
Miss Carlos and Kim.
Come on, Mr.
Let's go.
They get their pun on me.
Drop that in tight blue.
Oh, and just one other thing before you go.
What's the...
The noise.
The noise.
The noise.
Take them away, fellas.
1232-560-W2M.
Six horse race, the opening race had quarter of the day.
And we have three horses going and none of us picks it.
Don't put your day jobs, Scott.
That's my best advice, okay?
As public as I pay is.
Well, he...
But he passed his back.
I never don't mean he'd bet two hours to show on a three horse.
So you probably got about 220 back, 240.
Hey, that's profit.
That's all right.
Somebody fasted his this eon line thing,
the wisdom of Jessica Simpson,
to show her little, little house stupid.
She is...
I never realized she was so stupid.
I had heard about some of these.
Not all of them though.
Is this chicken what I have or is this fish?
The situation Jessica asked her husband, Nick,
to explain the flaky white meat inside of a can of chicken of the sea.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
The profound lesson Jessica's not afraid to ask questions
that we've all pondered at one time,
though granted most of us were in preschool,
when we were pondering them.
But by doing so, she demonstrates that a true student of life knows
that there are no stupid questions,
only stupid peeps, pletima poos.
Oh, pletima poos.
I always thought it was pletima poos.
The situation Jessica reveals that while the duck-like stuffed animals
she wins at an amusement park, maybe called a platypus by most,
to her little creatures always sound like some obscure sesame street character.
The profound lesson, the number of syllables a word has,
and no way is an indicator of how serious a word it is,
or whether it's a word at all.
Pletima poos.
Or just pat on her poos.
George tried it.
Yeah, but her dad was here in the studio with her.
What is all bunch of this crap?
Not really worth reading.
Okay, she's a moron, is what it is.
She's a bimbo.
She's one of the original bimbeats, Jessica Simpson,
blonde and stupid.
Kategor's hand in hand.
Who's the dumbest of the mall, George W. Bush, 112?
Mike Tyson, 50.
Jessica Simpson, 23.
Nice call, you all, girl.
And in the cool Smith, 16.
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Dan Qualey, to have 11.
I don't think that these peeps, I think they're us to underestimating Arnold.
You notice?
Yeah.
Just because he's going to be the next governor of California.
They're underestimating the lengths of his stupidity, the degree to which the illiteracy, the vacuismus.
Greg Reads got nine speaking of vacuismus.
Slice the loan and Jose Consecret.
There's a good pair.
Absolutely.
They each have four, Gerald Ford, three, Mary and very two.
One for cheesehead Tommy Thompson only, one for Joe Carrillo.
And no votes yet for Martin Lawrence or Will Smith.
Out of 247 votes.
That's pretty amazing.
We're getting a tremendous amount of excitement and enthusiasm here today about the
Marlon Playoff victory over the Giants.
Marlon's in the Cubs tomorrow.
We got the game starting at the 7.45 in the PM.
Am I right about that?
Yep.
Just checking, just double checking.
We got the big old before the game tomorrow.
He was on this morning.
That was pretty sad.
I come in here.
I open up the pot.
Roll a big fat one.
I mean, I open up the pot.
And I'm listening.
I'm expecting you to hear more at least guilty.
You know, and then I realize, oh, it's a Jew fest.
It's a young kipper.
And who do I hear?
I hear the big...
Oh!
And I shut it right off.
Well, you know, he's a good guy, but man, he's so bad on the year they know where to describe it.
I'd rather hear the Crow.
At least he's funny.
Right?
Yeah, he is funny.
I mean, that was seriously.
When's the last time?
Well, who'd you rather hear?
The Crow or the Big O?
When's the last time you heard the Big O say,
I swear you, she's a mom truck bar problems like that.
I've never heard the Big O on the air.
Or like...
Hey, we rent, Marlon.
Mani Ramirez.
I don't think I ever heard the Big O.
I mean, we rent, we rent, we rent, we rent, we rent.
Mani Ramirez.
Right.
How about you, but Ennambibah troba, the Mibah, the Blooper?
Okay, but...
Can't even do a good mushroom off.
Ow!
Man, I guarantee that the Big O could never come close to that.
How about you, but Ennambibah troba, the Mibah, the Blooper?
Okay, but...
And the Big O, red blowers in there.
And my favorite.
Severe...
Ristuses.
Ha ha ha ha.
Severe Ristuses.
It's one thing to have a limperist, but they have severe Ristuses.
Okay, Darryl Strawberry.
There's a good one for our poll and it shows money going all up the old nose,
which is better than having it go up your rectum.
Darryl Strawberry.
Excellent choice for our poll.
Hillsom up there, you watch.
He's just a little stupid.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon, Marlon's Line.
We're just killing some time until the Big O'Lushon and California tomorrow.
That'll be the next hurdle that we have to hop over.
Don't ask us why.
Let's do some calls.
WQA, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Well, what's his name, Crow?
He's on that new live, AB5.
Yeah, he's on the...
Oh, is he on the AB5?
Oh, yeah, it's pathetic.
With D-Fo's on there, too.
And they have the Dolphin pregame shows.
I don't know how they finnagle that time.
And the Dolphin broadcast on there.
Why can they do that in Palm Beach?
I don't know.
I'm not a big or a big brother.
Anyway, I like that one.
I'm not that I care about Rush Limbob.
Is that me like somebody from two years ago come back and told me,
told me about your Coke or something and I get arrested?
Is it the same thing?
If they had the proof, if they had the you on tape and if they had the emails and things like that.
That's kind of lame.
What do you mean by that?
I mean, so, I mean, if the guy's got a five-year-old...
First of all, he's not going to get arrested.
That's number one.
There are no criminal charges going to be filed against him.
Number two, the main thing here is the hypocrisy.
That's what everybody's all about.
Oh, yeah.
I only totally agree with that.
But just kind of fighting that of all the things wrong in our state.
That's the guy who wants to some guy who's drinking pills.
Yeah, he's drinking pills.
All right, later.
And pop and boost.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Made it the smoke in the old rope.
He's smoking the old rope and he's doing the old rope at all.
Palm five, sixty on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Now, line nine, every time I look at it, I know.
WQA and hello.
See what I mean?
All that was one of the better ones we've ever had on line nine.
WQA and hello.
Oh, finally.
Right, sir.
We're talking.
A lot of time.
Wow.
He answered it.
Well, what is it?
Yeah, I got to, um, the facts that I sent them.
And I wanted to know about that.
About the Pope.
You know about what?
Huh?
You want to know about what?
The facts that I sent, Neil, on the Pope and the history on him.
He'd be stunned to read that.
And also, I said another one about Ford.
Did he set them about Friday when I couldn't get in?
Yeah.
Henry Ford?
No, president Ford.
Oh, Gerald Ford?
Yeah.
Please, would I say he was stupid?
No, no, no.
I asked him a-
Couldn't walk in two gum at the same time?
Well, that too.
But I asked him about the pedal power thing that it was written on him.
Did he kept flying?
Pedophile things with Gerald Ford?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Did you get the facts?
Yeah.
You didn't get that facts like that?
I have to be facts, it, man.
No, I just said it about two hours ago on the-
Did you get that, George?
You get this guy's facts about Gerald Ford and a pedophile of a priest?
No.
Are you out of it?
Did you get it?
No.
Holy.
Holy smokes, right?
It was a six-
It was six-
fifty-
0198, we're a fact-
650-0198.
No, I think it's 650-0193 is when we shut it down for a little while for repair.
Okay, it was 93.
I'm the guy that gave you the aerospace myth of pitcher's long time ago.
Right.
The fellow that went to high school there, I'll be damned.
I haven't called in about a year.
I'm here, hope you got better lips.
Yeah, he was here about a month ago.
We had a great time.
I know, great time.
He is great.
The Pope ends Stevie Tonto.
I'll take Stevie and he's a better dresser.
Hey, he wasn't re-
refacted for us.
Will you please, because the times of wasting, 566-705-60,
pound 560 on the 18th, T-line 1240 on QAM.
My name is Lee Lohr.
I'm here to support radio 560-
QAM.
Of the queen of South Florida, Neil Rogers,
should be in Brooklyn in Palace, but we'll keep him here.
He's back.
That's right.
I guess good friend, good guy.
Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yes, the caller is from Grand Falls, Canada.
Hello.
Arnold, I was wondering, who's your idol?
Satan, the devil.
Satan, I'm absolutely...
Okay, my second question is, why are you running for governor?
Right now.
Every soft and there is a window of opportunities where Satan can return and bring heaven and hell together.
And who are both of them for the next thousand years?
Oh, I didn't know.
After I've won, it could be the return of Satan.
Columbus, Ohio, with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Hello.
Hi, Arnold.
I was just wondering, can you stop, Pat?
Okay, here, we'll do it together.
C, A, Nett, now you finish it?
The hell with that.
It was a very different quarter.
Yeah.
I have no idea what she's talking about, to be honest with you, because I know what I am stupid.
The truth about Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Thank you very much, Larry.
The truth is he's stupid.
He's definitely sawed us the 15-woman outcome for it, 15.
It's a very short period of time.
By the time we get through, by the time they start voting tomorrow,
it could be...
But third, man.
But maybe not.
We'll see.
It's a little matter.
Well, you know, that is an interesting point.
You think there are more people concerned about the Marlins and the Cubs series, or whether
Arnold wins in California, because it's not exactly close to Florida, but does have some
like consequences, some significance?
None of the above.
I see.
What would be doing our preliminary poll tomorrow?
We got tomorrow's polls up.
How do you like that?
I got polls up the ass here, man.
I've heard that.
Who is the dumbest of them all is our poll on here today on TheORodgers.com?
Which, by the way, don't be confused on TheORodgers.com with QAN.com, even though they may
have a link to each other.
One is totally independent of the other, okay?
Right.
I just mentioned that for those people who aren't supposed to be even looking at TheORodgers.com.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Who is the dumbest of them all?
George W. Bush, 119.
Mike Tyson, 55.
Jessica Simpson, 24.
She's dumb.
And in the Cull Smith, 16, Dan Quayle, and Arnold Schwarzenegger each have a dozen.
Have you seen him together?
No.
Same person.
Greg Reed, 10.
Jose Conzaco, 6.
Lies, the Lones, got five.
He's moving up.
Absolutely.
Joe Carrillo, and 0-4, 3-o-piece, Mary and Barry, 2.
Tommy Thompson, and she's got one.
Martin Lawrence has one.
Daryl Strawberry, one.
And nobody says, well, Smith.
Now somebody who met him in person said that they thought that he was dumb or the dirt.
Yeah, I don't know how dummy is, but before he sure aggravates the crap out of me.
Mm-hmm.
One of those people that I just cannot stand.
Will Smith, he is arrogant.
He's obnoxious.
He's talentless.
Other than that, he's a hell of a guy.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Oh, Neil.
Have you had a chance to get Al Franken's new book, Lies and The Lying Lies?
I have it right in the other room.
I'm reading it.
Oh, is that great?
It is great.
It is great.
It is.
It is a lie.
It is a lie.
The lies there are able to tell are unbelievable.
Yeah.
And yet, it is.
Well, what's even more unbelievable is the suckers that are buying it all.
That's what's really said.
And the mainstream media that continues perpetuating it.
Well, this is the whole thing, especially that Fox News Network.
That's going to be the biggest joke of all in the air.
Yeah.
And the lies about the media being right-winged and left-winged is just unbelievable how
they're able to get away with it.
It is unbelievable.
Can't read it right now, Palli.
Have a great day.
Okay.
It's not unbelievable.
Because the public is little bit like that.
In fact, how about it on our poll today?
Who's that I must have known?
Well, we should have put the American public.
Oh, there you go.
Let's get that on here.
It's not too late now.
I second that.
Oh, yeah.
The American public, Eric.
There you go.
I hate to like bounce all over Eric because he's done a phenomenal job, I think, on our
website, isn't he?
Most of the time, except that one day when he changed my stance page and really pissed
me off big time.
Don't do it again, Eric.
Ever.
Don't be doing that.
Okay.
It's like, you just can't do that.
I'm just, I'm just double checking.
Just checking up on him to make sure that we got the, oh, look at that.
There's the dollar bill with, I love it.
Thank you.
Whoever sent that to us, one of our regular people, one of our guys, yeah, whatever our
regular guide contributors out there, there's the 11 9 11 bill and there's George W.
That must actually kind of like Hillary must have met your Arnold wishes.
He had a few of those and he's still humped away and had poor buddy, whatever that dog
is.
What's the name of his dog?
Don't know.
Looks like his buddy.
Harry.
Let's see Arnold's fourth-nigger's love child scan.
We got the news stories on there.
Miller star fades in New York Times.
Yes, he's a bitch saving the president from himself.
Richard Reeves, John Ashcroft, the zealot who holds Bush's feature in his hands after
you, my dear Al Fons, US years from cut in Iraq force.
That's a fly opener.
Report offered bleak outlook about Iraq oil.
Yeah, they've been lying to us.
That didn't have work concept.
About three billion gallons of oil had come to fight out that even in their peak, it
was like two and a half billion when they were like at the top efficiency.
The war on Al Jazeera, the western's determinants suppressed the independent Arab media by a woman
whose husband got killed.
On Newsweek says several walk-and-if-and-washington reporters contacted Wilson after the Novak
column appeared.
He says, including Chris Matthews from Hardball and others.
Blair knew Iraq weapon claims were incorrect.
There's a lot of good stuff I didn't make long story short.
I'm always your time with a whole thing.
I'm Neil Rogers.
For those of you who are interested in something a little bit more cerebral than, can I call
Tommy a douchebag?
She, I think basically, let's pause down to it was that the radio show is generally
for the morons and that the website is generally for people who really give a crap about what's
going on in the world.
Quincy says, how about Bobby Brown?
Oh, that's a good one.
Ever seen Bobby Brown and Daryl Donald's strawberry together?
Donald's strawberry.
Never seen any together.
And then it says, go Marlins, go Marlins, go Marlins, go.
Absolutely.
What it says from Quincy.
Quincy's in Bobby Brown.
We put him on air.
Yep.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and from Rise of Marlos Line getting tremendous
enthusiastic response to the big Marlin weekend.
They're victory over to Giants 3 straight winning the guy at the first round on the playoffs
going to the NLCS against the Cup star in the Marlin.
That's right, in Chicago, in Wigglyfield and Wiggly Pigglyfield.
Now, how come the opening games are in Chicago, Scott, because the Cubs won their division?
Oh, that's right.
The Cubs won their Martins with a wild card.
I kept thinking of Marlins had a better record, which they did.
But that is not important, because the Cubs did win the division very good.
Excellent.
Hey, Scott, that one right.
Oh, my God, I can't believe it.
But you never know.
WQM, hello.
Get it over with, OK?
OK.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil, you know what?
I was just thinking about the Marlins.
Dave O'Brien comes back to call the winning game.
Yeah, I saw that.
And it was Joe Angel doing the same.
It just got local.
They stopped the local.
Yeah, he's doing, of course they were doing a local.
I don't know if he'd do a radio or TV out there.
I don't know.
That would have been issued, because those two guys
thought they hated each other when they left, you know?
They do.
They probably didn't speak.
The last monster that they worked on in Marlin games,
they weren't even speaking to each other.
Right.
They were like at each other.
One thing that really pisses me off about
was watching the game on Friday with Rick Sutcliffe.
And he kept saying how the Marlins bought the pen in 97.
And you could say that about any team that wins.
I mean, I mean, so why do they always have to run out?
Sutcliffe is an idiot.
All of the only good thing is that when he was speaking,
Tony Gwynn wasn't.
That was the only good thing.
Because Tony Gwynn is such a fat musk and he's got the most
bizarre unacceptable voice.
Just get him out of there, OK?
Just speed him up with some tacos or something.
Well, you know, there's another guy that's forced him.
There's another afro guy.
I forget his name.
He's another Reynolds.
He does something games during the regular.
I don't know.
Anyway, I wrote the Reynolds.
How many?
Yeah, he is terrible.
Well, and you know,
what else does that old dude justice?
Have you ever heard of him?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
He sounds like he's from the hood.
I was never going to thought.
Are you serious?
I am justice?
He looks like Saturday night.
I've heard him.
I've heard this.
You got him.
He'll be on the only maternity games.
He's got a lot of things to do.
He sounds like, I mean, I almost drove off the road listening to these games.
He's a good old man.
I'll go to Don Coyote.
That's where we need to go for justice.
OK, well, I have a great day.
Just calm down.
Guys, a little bit too worked up, you know what?
Just a little.
Just adopt the Florida attitude and say, who gives a Schmidt?
That's the attitude.
Indiana Priest with Florida criminal record, stripped of collar.
Stripped your collar, father.
Hammond Indiana, a church stripped in Northwest Indiana priest of his collar,
after it was arrested on charge of check forgery.
Oh, well, thank goodness this is a different kind of historical.
Reverend Russell Leaming, the positive check it was personal account last month,
instead of one for the independent evangelical Catholic Church,
which was the intended payee said Bishop James Wilkowski.
Leaming was convicted of theft in Gainesville, Florida, in 1982.
Wilkowski said he wouldn't have ordained Leaming in 2001,
had he known the priest's record, right?
Leaming attributed his defrocking to a dispute he and Wilkowski have had
over funds for a diocesan AIDS advocacy group.
He said he'd be called a pastor rest in Florida, but believe the charges have been dropped.
That was a long time ago.
I try to put that behind me.
And like somebody we know one said is probably getting pretty crowded back there.
He told the post tribunal of Mererville for a story published yesterday.
The independent evangelical Catholic Church, which has 250 U.S. members,
traces of truce through several faith traditions, including the Roman Catholic,
Anglican, and Orthodox.
And if you notice the similarity between all the ancient religions,
that they all had a savior, they all had a virgin birth, they all had a crucifixion,
and all of these things, and a rebirth, all of this sub-bubble mice.
He's okay.
Okay, so it's a question of which one's stole from which one,
and who is the better salesman?
And of course it's easy to be a good salesman when you make somebody
off of the camera fuse.
Like the Catholic Church.
Just to use that as an example.
Oh, they never did that.
Now we just made that up.
Just the Jews made that up.
You heed them.
I'm going to make them an offering camera.
Exactly.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You know, I got a bad blade.
I wonder if it was a gay blade.
I got a bad blade.
And I nicked myself in two spot shabies, which I very rarely do,
but we all do once and a while.
And they won't stop.
I'm afraid to ask.
Yeah, which two spots?
Rectum.
One of these cheek.
Actually, one like in a very strange place that you have a record of the great dog in the cheek,
and your cheek.
Rectum.
And the other one like the temporal spot, like right under your nostril, you know?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And the president told me that when you have a like a boobal, like that on your nostril,
makes it really painful when you inhale.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
He said, let's have a good rip start and time.
What he says.
You notice how that family seems to have such a substance abuse problem, speaking of rush?
Yeah.
And everybody overlooks it.
You know, everybody just seems to overlook the other way.
The daughter has both had a little bit of a wound.
What is problem?
And of course, the gem's daughter has got a little bit of a...
You know, it's problem?
And it just seems to run in the family.
And of course, the gem's son, George P.
George P.
He's got like kind of a...
Who's problem as well?
And also, I'd drive it around in Wheelies in your parking lot problem because his girlfriend dumped his ass.
And the whole family seems to be like functionally...
I don't know.
Oh, I got a great...
I love the irony of this.
This is one of my favorites.
College Station, Texas.
Oh, my facts machines.
The paper's jamming him.
Maybe it's not.
Maybe it's just an announcement.
Channel 9.
What is this all about?
Channel 9 in Orlando?
Well, I'll get to that.
Let me just start with this.
College Station, Texas.
The George Bush Presidential Library Foundation announced yesterday that US Senator Ted Kennedy would receive the 2003 George Bush Award for Excellence in Public Service at a dinner ceremony held at the Bush Library Center on the Texas A&M Campus on November 7th.
Isn't this great?
How do I have it?
This former President Bush will present the award to the Massachusetts Democrat who will join former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl as Bush Award recipients.
The award will be presented in the ceremony at the Library Center following a five-peam address by the Senator and Rudder Auditorium.
Senator Kennedy has represented Massachusetts in the US Senate since he was first elected in 1962 to build the C-Pakate Advice Brother President John Kennedy since then he's been reelected seven times and is now the second most senior member in the Senate.
Throughout his career, Senator Kennedy has fought for issues that benefit the people of Massachusetts and the nation, especially the effort to bring quality health care to every American.
Now this article of course didn't mention the fact that he just stood up to talking about George W and the fact that he's a liar and a scumbag, etc.
But nonetheless, I find this to be just juicy as hell.
It is.
The George Bush Award for Excellence in Pubic Service recognized an individual or groups dedication to public service at the local state national institutional international levels.
The award underscores President Bush's long service and commitment to Pubic Service.
And probably George Bush senior George Herbert Walker will say, you know what, I think you may have a point.
This is sports when you're licensed.
You are.
A federal American said whenever I decide to get married and you can be sure it'll be joining a neo-Rodges and one to two hour.
Excuse me.
All right.
Well, there is the Christ of gasoline.
I don't make enough to fill my tank.
If I want to drive up to mountains first, I have to stop being robbed of a bank.
All the cash we had for our vacation.
We just spent it all at the gas station.
When I erase the price of super unleaded, when I'm the cropper tiger, I'll be fooled.
This summer when I take my vote at the vision, I have to deal with the fair of votes.
You know that if the price is no much higher, I'm going to have to set the price on fire.
Why did they raise the price?
One o'clock and five sixty W.Q. March, I get it.
One and two hour happy Monday to you and moderately happy you're on Kipper.
That's supposed to be happy. It's a day of a tournament. It's a solemn day in it.
Okay. And that's a hoist.
I love this facts by the way.
Tony Gwynn provides more brilliant insight into the game than anyone I've ever heard.
What you're listening must be very limited if that's the case because Tony Gwynn sounds like a munchkin.
He just unknowing.
He even forget about how you can listen to the substance of what he's saying.
He sounds like what's the jerk from the Parkridge family?
Danny Butter douchebag.
God. Suckflip is great too.
The Marlins did buy that series.
You can't say that about anybody.
That guy is an unadulterated little grade moron.
I'm insane. I got the colors of moron.
I love you, Neil.
They still love me, but I'm insane.
That's why it shows so popular.
What is this stuff about this Orlando thing?
It's so long.
It's long. It's probably for off the air.
There's some stuff about there.
Yeah, we've been to Missouri, a little common.
About what?
Fox has mentioned in there.
Yeah.
I'll read it off here and I'll make a determination.
I'll take it to committee, okay?
Next time we have a committee, a staff meeting here with myself.
Oh, Tiger and Alligator found a New York apartment.
We can't let them go by what I've mentioned in this story.
It's one of my favorites.
A Tiger.
Oh, and don't start with that.
You're bad.
He's still not doing too well, by the way.
Oh, there's the pictures I'm seeing.
Look at that.
Along with a three-foot alligator.
Gates talked about it from his hospital bed in Philadelphia.
I realize that this is my calling in life.
Oh, no.
I'm trying to create a garden in the E and some that as well lack.
Oh.
Oh.
Why did I do that?
Why did I have to hear that voice?
I don't know.
I remember there here Tony Gwyn.
I don't know that.
A Tiger and an Alligator found a Manhattan apartment where we're sent to an Ohio wildlife
preserve yesterday while their owner recovered from bite wounds inflicted by the more than
400 pound cat.
That's even bigger than the one that attacked Roy.
Police said Antoine Yates 31 would face reckless endangerment charges after it gets out of
the hospital from once you just heard his voice in Philadelphia where he fled.
He was listed in good condition where he fled.
A team of animal control officers, police and Bronx zoo workers removed animals from
Yates's fifth floor apartment, a Harlem housing project on Saturday.
Wes Arthrope, Arthope.
Directive of the city's animal shelter said the Tiger and Orange and White Siberian
Van Gogh mix have been kept in the apartment since he was six weeks old.
The 20 month old Tiger now weighs at least four hundred twenty five pounds almost as
biggest fat boy.
He's huge Arthope said in the Tiger too.
The Tiger and the five foot long alligator both in good condition were first taken to
a local shelter then to a Long Island animal sanctuary and then to Ohio.
And I guarantee either one of them had a much higher IQ than Mr. Yates.
Clearly this Tiger should not have been in any place in New York City outside of a zoo
mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters yesterday.
And then we just heard he was they wanted to have a garden of eaten is what he was trying
to do.
You're getting all the animals maybe could like know his arc in there.
A couple of our giraffes kangaroos.
Right.
Was he going to eat them?
Authority used a camera to monitor the animals in the apartment before shooting them with
tranquilizer darts.
Yeah, the Garden of Eden and of course they yes they're trying to eat him.
So if they're right in then what's he complaining about?
Oh, there's Gray Davis.
What with it?
You're out gray.
I think it's I don't know.
It's it's really and of course now this is a really easy one to fix because if it has
tightened up the meat call as much as they're saying now over the weekend it'll be really
easy to put the fix in on this.
Not that they don't take weeks and weeks.
Here's the fact that says isn't it just amazing that those hypocrite right wingers like
Rush Limber are always knocking those horrible trial lawyers.
How come Robert Novak isn't speaking on the advice of council and Rush just hired Roy
Black?
That's a good point.
They're always knocking the lawyers before when they need one they go right to the Roy
Black is Roy Black boy.
Now it's just a part.
Here's when it says what is the difference between burning bush and the burning bush.
One is the ideal image a miracle on earth.
The other is the symbol of God.
And I know I'm kipper yet it says man I'm going to hell on a hand basket.
What does this mean is anybody know?
No, I don't know.
I think we want to know.
Who's the dumbest of the mall now you're going to be very impressed by the fact that the
American public is moving up rapidly.
We just put it on there a couple minutes ago.
We have 325 votes who's the dumbest of them all.
Let's go from the bottom.
None for Bobby Brown or Will Smith.
How can Bobby Brown have no votes?
Stiff competition.
Is that what it is?
Sure.
God almighty.
Bobby Brown.
Hey there people on Bobby Brown.
I want to play that.
I'm going to play that.
I just it's one of those things.
You know, it's like when you take the first mouthful of fish food you can't stop eating
it.
Bobby Brown or Will Smith don't have any.
Tommy Thompson and Martin Lawrence one Mary and Barry two-year-old Ford and Joe Carrillo
three sliced along and Darrell strawberry five but it'd make a good pair.
They have a good time in there on the inside.
Jose Conzucco seven Greg Reeds got 10 a man who just continues astonishing to public by
keeping that job Arnold Schwarzenegger 13 Danny quail 14 the American public 17.
Let's hear it for the American public.
Oh, and in a cool 21 Jessica Simpson 27 Mike Tyson 65 and George W. Bush in the
leak of his own 133 votes way out there in front WQ AM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is 560?
560 WQ AM.
Yes, that's us.
I like to speak to Neil speaking.
Neil Rogers.
That's me.
That's my name.
Oh, this is.
I got to make a poll.
Yeah.
How about locally Alex Fonella?
No.
He just I don't know.
He's annoying, but I wouldn't say he's dumb.
Would you?
He's the he's dangerous and he's crooked and he's clever.
I was not comparing people on this list.
No.
I mean Joe Carrillo.
He's like that.
You know, I brought a tea canister with his wife and his ex-wife.
Not too smart, Joe.
Joe Carrillo, I want to play that.
I'll just play it the rest of the hour.
OK.
I love that.
There's something about that song too.
My shoe rolling.
You know anybody named Shuron?
No, Sharon.
No.
You know.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
Now maybe that was there was a Canadian involvement in there because maybe one time somebody asked
a friend, what's your wife's name?
And it was a Canadian.
Shuron, eh?
Oh.
Huh?
I saw that.
Well, how do you put the A on the end of Sharon?
What is this Shuronacraft?
You know, I never heard of it.
That was her name to check their thing, thinking about.
I understand that.
But what kind of a name is that?
That's my question.
Made up.
Is that like Shakira?
Maybe I can Shakira now.
Look at this.
New poll shows Arnold's lead over what that body is narrowing.
What does that mean?
What is the main part about it?
Your Bob Franken has just turned out much of a simply not remember that although any number
of people might under normal circumstances reconsider their vote against or for Arnold
Schwarzenegger and maybe turn against them.
But he says a real strong negative feeling about Gray Davis in the state.
So really what it's going to come down to is a choice between the uncertainties about
Arnold Schwarzenegger and all these accusations versus somebody that they are certain about.
They don't like him.
Gray Davis.
They hate him.
See, this is the Democrats falling.
And if they want to put up somebody, goodby says Cruz Bustamada, you know, he's got the
personality of a bullfrog.
He looks like a bullfrog, Nanny.
Nice haircut.
He looks like a Mexican bullfrog man like a beater.
Big fat like he's been eating too many beef burritos with beans.
I don't think it's the beef that makes you fat.
I'm sure that it's those beans.
That's why there's so many fat Mexicans even though they're shluppers, they have no money,
but they're fat a lot of them because they eat all that bad diet, right?
See, all that bad bad dives like that.
And to a mama they got on there right now, those church shootings.
Do you see that in Atlanta?
Yeah.
But had recently been in a business.
It's going to be a good idea.
What is a lot of bad crap going on and a lot of fat people running around to eat like
a bad diet.
I'm going to handle a zany that you talk me into it.
Okay.
What?
Well, no, I don't know how it goes during the show every now and then I'll like see
something on TV.
I'm like everybody else in it.
Oh, that looks really good and you start, it starts grinding on you and working away
at you.
Like, for example, the ad came on right now for Nestle's Tirt Lice Cream.
I guarantee you, I'd say, hey, I'll see you tomorrow.
It's so different.
And I'd rush right out of line here by convenience store and get a big tub of it,
you know?
And if you need a big tub, I'll see you tomorrow.
Well, maybe I wouldn't.
You never know.
At least I'd have a good time on a way out.
Dan Snyder died in the hospital last night, 25-year-old Atlanta Thrasher's play.
See, for all things that that's funny, I mean, you think that the Tiger story in Vegas
is funny.
Which I can understand, right?
Because I had to do with, you know, using and abusing animals and exploiting them for
fun and profit for a long time, for many years.
For third man.
This particular case, this was a car crash.
And the kid that died was not the one who was intoxicated and or driving.
He was a passenger.
Yeah, that's unfortunate.
I'm sure somehow.
Right.
And Ferrell goes, ah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know, he's happy every time somebody else dies, I guess, because it's not him, you
know what I mean?
Sure.
Who is it?
Which I think maybe he's got a point.
I think both stories are funny.
Bob, yeah, we're going to cause you an asshole and at least you admitted.
You know, that was the first thing Scott said to me this morning when he came in.
He said, I'm an asshole.
Remember that?
That's right.
Yeah.
And we'll get no argument in this neck of the woods.
Anyway, Bob Herbert has a good comedy or a time today.
I'm going to read a few of these things because the calls that they've been a little
on a week's side, as to the dudes are all davening.
How can you say that?
Now they've been entertaining, right?
Okay.
Now the nuts have been a lot more entertaining than the serious shares that guy before.
I was just about put me into a coma.
I don't even remember what he was talking about.
It could get to that.
It was about the...
Roaning.
He was...
Roaning.
Bob Herbert writes, he made one sub-admired Hitler for whatever reasons, but I'm sure
if you ask Arnold Schwarzenegger whom he admires most, the honest answer would be Arnold.
Welcome to the world of undiluted narcissism.
The man who's now the vetting favorite to become next governor of the crazy state of
California has spent a lifetime pure wedding in front of cameras and mirrors, contemplating
his navel, and every other part of his once buffed bod.
An article in the Times...
The feeling like Kennedy had, you know, to speak to maybe 50,000 people at one time and
having them cheer, or like Hitler in the Nuremberg Stadium, and have all those people scream
at you and just being in total agreement with whatever you say.
The aneration is the thing, and the mad mad world of Hollywood started him.
The undiluted narcissist doesn't have to worry about what to say, the image is everything.
The words come in a script, it's a splendid system.
The mind, understood by original thoughts, can remain focused on the most important matter
which is always the self.
Mr. Schwarzenegger is given a several striking examples of the danger inherent in a character
speaking without a script when a farmer asked him by California in need of a state environmental
protection agency when there's also a federal EPA.
Mr. Schwarzenegger adlit this follows.
What you just talked about is the waste, overlapping agencies, they cost the fortune, we have
to strip that down and give it to some of those agencies.
Oops!
Arnold's handler, script writer, by any other name, were quick to say, he really didn't want
to eliminate the state agency, Cal EPA.
No, no, no, he definitely didn't want to abolish the agency, which just happened to have
been founded by the Co-Chairman of his campaign, Pete Wilson, the former California governor.
The man hasn't a clue, he's a real candidate, but he campaigns as if he's playing one on TV.
In another unscripted moment, this one relating to his behavior with women, the candidate said,
I don't remember so many of the things that I was accused of having done.
I believe him.
For one thing, he's apparently been acting nourishly or worse for several decades.
If you reach out and touch as many people as Arnold's supposed to have touched, it would
be impossible to remember them all.
Narcissism in its pure form is all consuming, at least little or no room for the consideration
of others.
Life is all about that special individual, me.
In the quoted tribute to him in the book proposal, Mr. Schwarzenegger was unconcered
about the profound differences between a candidate and a Hitler.
It was interested only in the wild applause, the unrestrained adulation and how he might
get a taste of that for himself.
Narcissism is about seduction manipulation in the quest for power and control.
There's no better breeding ground for it than Hollywood, but even in Hollywood, Arnold
is an extraordinary case.
He just grabs whatever he wants.
In this case, if he wins tomorrow, it'll be the governorship of the biggest state in
the union.
He can do this because the public allows him to do it.
After all, he's a movie star, the Terminator.
Why should anyone demand that he come up with some kind of program for a Schwarzenegger
administration, or even demonstrate a minimal understanding of the state's problems or how
its government works?
Mr. Schwarzenegger is the favorite in California because, incredibly, he's perceived as a strong
leader by many voters.
In reality, he seems a little more than an aging but still frisky goof artist, a fun-loving
eco-many act with a winning smile and very little understanding of what his appropriate
behavior.
But he's played spectacularly strong leaders in one cartoonish movie after another, as
scary as it seems for a lot of voters in California, that's reason enough to hand in the reins
of their government.
And right from here, good com to these New York Times, that's called Bobby Boy.
114 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
If you're a toss and then turn in because you're Mattress sucks, not just because the world
is going to hell in a hand basket, not just because our president is number than sawed
us and the next governor of California might be even dumber.
But because you're Mattress sucks, it's had it.
Even the best Mattresses don't last forever.
Here's the answer to your problems.
Do your back and yourself a big favor by calling my friends and Donald Mattress like
how we do.
They offered lowest prices the best deals, not just at special times, but every day 365
days a year.
For the lowest discount prices on the best name, Celi, Certa, Temper, Peter, Simmons, King
Corlan, Cerenz, and Banana's Foster call 1-800-Mattress, no nonsense, no blatant switch, no
house brands, no false promises and best of all, you don't have to pay any premium for
getting the best service in the world.
And it's true, they really do this and they show up on time when they tell you, whenever
it's convenient for you, you pick the two are window from 8 in the morning till 10
at night.
Any day, seven days a week, and like I said, they'll be there noon to 2, one to 3, two
to 4 and set it, wasting a whole day sitting on your ass and praying that somebody shows
up.
I've been sleeping on a mattress from these people for years and look at me, I'm just a
picture of good health, you ought to be doing the same.
With low prices, same day delivery fee set up had more bullets, easy to see why Donald
Mattress is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
Isn't that their slogan?
Yes.
Unlike the Marlins, the people of Donald Mattress say,
We're number one, dammit.
Yeah, I don't think they say dammit.
Anyway, don't be fooled by those mattresses, germs and furniture stirrads.
Don't get sucked in by that because they can't come close to matching what you get every
day from Donald Mattress.
Call them today.
You'll be sleeping and comfort as soon as tonight.
One 800 mattress, one 800 MATTRES or online, it's mattress.com.
Line and local.
We're supporting you, 560, you 8th, you 8th.
You 8th.
Bitch.
Absolutely.
Don't lie.
All the Harper.
Don't come dumb every time I see.
Don't come dumb.
That's right, I'm in the gym with you.
Don't come dumb.
I'll keep you.
I'll keep you.
Please, President Thump's bull.
Republicate muscle band.
And in our ticketed idiots.
I don't know why they would want to stop a non-easie.
First rule to beg for years.
With President Thump's bull.
Oh, what I give to them both once more.
And get who we all voted for.
One, here you want this.
Don't come dumb.
It's drumming stupidly.
Don't come dumb.
I'm this drunk in rich kid.
Don't come dumb.
He's even.
Lumber than me.
He's President Thump's bull.
You don't care what it's up.
You got him in by Hooker Rocks with a Christian.
I know what does you and I have a handle for you.
We've got a great leader here.
With President Thump's bull.
President Thump's bull.
Who's the dumbest in the mall in President Thump's bull?
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
He's the dumbest in the mall.
Coco Cola?
What does this mean?
I don't know.
Home of Coco Cola, Lowest Motor Speedway, Nascar.
What does this mean?
What you just fact me.
I don't have a rich church expelled over gay men.
The Baptist State Convention of North Carolina expelled a Cabarras County.
It's Cabarras County Church for accepting two gay men as members in baptizing them.
Oh my God.
The action by the state's largest religious group represents the first time the convention is gone after a church for having openly gay members.
The 36, 969 church convention,
previously kicked out, this doesn't make any sense.
What should they member?
Or is it number, I don't know.
Expelling a church is mostly symbolic because affiliation with us take convention national, Southern Baptist, convention is voluntary.
While the bottom line is that we're the new scapegoats, okay?
Used to be the dark folks and then with somebody else and now it's the fags.
So for a long time, for many many years, because fags aren't too popular.
You're right.
Right.
Oh, that's Reverend Jones again, you just played.
I know.
The Supreme Court, throughout an $80 million verdict today against cigarette maker Philip Morse,
the verdict for the family of an Oregon janitor who died 97 of lung cancer,
should be reviewed by lower courts to ensure it is not unconstitutionally excessive justice is said.
The court's action was encouraging for business which hope a Supreme Court were earlier this year will lead to reductions in large punitive damage verdicts.
It was the second victory for Philip Morse and his legal battles with the family of Jesse D. Williams,
who accused the company of concealing information about the dangers of smoking.
Williams started smoking in the 50s when serving the Army in Korea and he later smoked three packs of Marlboro's a day.
He must have been a real man, then.
Right?
A Marlboro man.
The Marlboro man.
That was a bad answer.
What was that guy to do with Marlboro?
That was a bad call for a dog food.
That's it.
Well, same thing.
After a jury in $99 order to pay the Williams family $79.5 million in punitive damages,
the judge reduced the word to $32 million, a state appeal score reinstated the punitive damages award last year, $80 million.
The Supreme Court ordered Oregon courts to review the judgment light of their ruling earlier this year that a jury went too far
in ordering an insurance company to pay $145 million in a way that handled claims from a car accident.
Andrew Fry of Washington and Attorney for Philip Morse had told the court that like the state farm judgment,
the verdict against Philip Morse was out of line, out of line.
Robert Peck of Washington, one of the Williams lawyers, said that by setting aside the judgment,
the Supreme Court would be inviting everyone happy punitive damages defended to file appeals.
And anyway, there you go.
There's a little bit of good news all day.
Then they'll go through that probably still give them like 50 million.
Let me say it again, boys and girls cigarette smoking will kill you.
Okay? Probably not necessarily.
If you smoke cigarettes, you will die.
How do you like that?
Is there any debating that?
Oh, no.
If you smoke cigarettes, you'll die.
If you don't smoke cigarettes, you won't die.
You will die.
So smoke them if you got them.
Oh, speaking of that, what a great segue of this story.
Now Canada can understand why Prime Minister Jean Crtien seems to be in such a hurry
to push through a law decriminalizing marriage to Winnie.
Crtien, 69, said an interview published on Friday that he might try to give,
give Pat a try once it's no longer a criminal offense, presumably after he retires in February.
And boy, they're really anxious for him to retire.
Under the new law, Pat uses would only pay a fine of cost with small amounts.
How much?
How many ounces?
About 30 men.
How much is the fine?
I don't know what his marijuana, he said.
I don't know what he, see, talks out of the side of his mouth, so he said,
I don't know what his marijuana, perhaps I will try when it will all longer be criminal.
He's illiterate.
I don't know.
I will have my money for my fine and I'll join the other hand.
He said, well, he speaks their frog, you know.
He said an interview with the Brinnepeg Free Press.
Over the objections of the US administration, over the drug hysterical, including,
I'm sure, Rush, you know, Rushy is probably sniffing Rush right now, was on the air.
Crutchands government introduced a bill which would, and criminal, penalties for possession of 15 grams,
half-announced, or 15 to 30 joints of marriage, a wini.
It would remain illegal, however, to buy only tickets.
What is it?
Oh, but only tickets would be handed out, misprint.
Some members of Crutchands Liberal Party opposed the bill, however, was uncertain whether
it passed in time for his retirement, or for the board.
They're smoking it all over the place, nobody here cares, okay?
We got bigger fish to fry, more important things to do than worry about.
Somebody smoking some goddamn stupid little joint, a pin joint, like Clarence token thomas.
Who is the dumbest of them all, is our poll question today?
It's a good thing we had at one fax with the five names.
George W. Bush has got 143.
How many votes have we got so far?
300-82?
George W. 143.
Mike Tyson 68.
He seems to be stuck on 68.
The American public, which came out of nowhere, has got 43 and zooming up the list.
Jessica Simpson 28 and their cool Smith 26.
Dan Quill 14.
Arnold's only got 13.
What does that tell you?
And then amazing?
I don't think they get it.
I don't think they...
I know.
This is on it.
Yeah, good.
Greg Reads got 11.
He should be doing better.
Jose Conceco's got 7.
Daryl, or is that Donald Strabber?
He's got 6.
What's his name?
Terrible.
Slice the load 5.
Joe Carrillo and Bobby Brown 4.
I guess he has real name is Donald Strabber, which is why they used to go...
Terrible in the crowd.
Gerald Ford 3.
Don't fall down, Jerry.
Mary and Barry Martin Lawrence and Will Smith each have 2.
And Tommy Thompson, the old cheesehead, has won only because they still have no idea who they'll let it.
My life and love.
This is Fort Radio 560.
You weigh him.
Hop in the time machine.
Oh!
Won't you come along and came?
No.
Here's the golden vector from WQ AM.
Right now.
Oh, right.
My ainus.
Welcome.
My ainus.
Welcome.
My ainus.
Smile.
My ainus.
Smile.
My ainus.
Smile.
My ainus.
My ainus.
Smile.
People can see you.
My ainus.
Smile.
My ainus.
Smile.
I can't.
The old life cut little sinkers.
That little sound that comes right out is sinking.
I'm gonna copy me and do exactly like I do.
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo.
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on.
And Dr. Dre asked, yo, man, you passed kids.
Yeah, I'm not.
What do I smell as?
Ain't you low-class?
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like hot rippin' gasses and tootin' was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard that you're my underwear backwards like Chris Crawl.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's last.
This one at my ass passes a fat, made you ain't too fat.
Smell this money, you'll be waiting for girl, cause I don't give a fuck.
God sent me to stink the world up.
My ainus.
My ainus.
My ainus.
My ainus.
Felt.
My ainus.
My ainus.
Felt.
My ainus.
Teach me to wanna be kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was something.
Proled up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strip club, my intestines were filled up.
Moons of bartenders took a dozen of tip-cub.
Went over to a dance and had a fuckin' agonet.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father.
99% of my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom got all gas and I do.
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper.
They could record about strange noises made on the crap.
You know you will endure when the women rushed to leave.
They dropped a hold of back, but she wasn't even relieved.
This guy at White Castle said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go.
Go drop the kids off and the boom.
My ainus.
My ainus.
My ainus.
My ainus.
My ainus.
Back home.
My ainus.
My ainus.
My ainus.
My ainus.
My ainus.
My ainus.
Can you even imagine the aroma of the old Mexican spanker?
132 at 560 W.K.
What?
Uh, cruise boost demonic.
Uh, sometimes stinks in California.
I'll tell you that.
He has no chance.
I'm just telling you that right now.
The only question is whether they're going to vote for the B-Color regains.
Okay?
Either they'll vote for the B-Color and Arnold win or they'll vote again
and great abyssal stay in there hanging out by his thumb.
Because Arnold is a...
Here's the latest...
Arnold Schwarzenegger started a put-sessional harassment allegations behind him today
as a new poll-indicated symbolters were having second thoughts about recalling Governor Gray Davis.
The campaign is not losing momentum Schwarzenegger's spokesman Karen Henryd told CBS is the early show.
A four-day bus tour of the state that Schwarzenegger concluded in Sacramento on Sunday had run thousands of enthusiastic supporters.
Hey, Arnold, Arnold, they're the terminator.
I'll be back.
I still have Easter.
A poll of a thousand registered voters conducted by the L.M. Aguay Research for Nightrider from Wednesday through Saturday.
Find the percentage of people saying they would definitely vote for Outstavis drop from 52% on Wednesday to only 44% Saturday.
The poll had an overall margin of error of 3% at its points.
The poll also sure Schwarzenegger's lead over Lieutenant Governor Cruz Busdemade to replace Davis narrowing slightly from an earlier survey.
Today, the last full day of campaigning Schwarzenegger plan campaign stops in San Jose.
You know the way?
Huntington Beach in San Bernardino.
Davis was scheduled appeared in Sacramento San Francisco in Los Angeles while Busdemade planted princess at Taco Bell.
Yeah.
Did you shift in... what?
Nothing.
Is that like a beehre comet you just made?
I was just wondering.
He's a silly person.
The shift in support for the beehre... not that Arnold deserved.
Less silly.
The shift in support would be called Follower Allegations from 15 women that Schwarzenegger had grouped in verbally harassed and during encounters dating to the early 70s and recently as 2000.
Here's the fate my favorite part.
Schwarzenegger was acknowledged and apologized for having behaved badly toward women in the past.
Planned the allegations on last minute dirty campaign tricks and said some of them are flatly untrue.
He has not discussed most of the allegations specifically and said he won't until after the campaign.
I love it.
I can get into all of the specifics and find out what is really going on but right now I'm just really occupied with the campaign he told Dateline NBC yesterday.
I want you to listen to that again.
I can get into all of the specifics and find out what is really going on but right now I'm just really occupied with the campaign he told Dateline.
That is so... it just... it boggles my mind.
He told ABCs this week as that it... it couldn't remember many details connected allegations going back more than 15 years but said they could have been true.
It doesn't make any sense to go through details here with you. He said what is important is that I kind of remember what was happening 20 years ago, 15 years ago.
But some of the things sound like me which I was the first one to come out and say you know some of these things could have happened.
I want to apologize to the people if I have offended anyone because that was not my intention. He said no one ever came to me in my life and said to me I did anything.
They said I don't want you to do that. You went over the line Arnold.
Of course I guess you don't tell the terminator you went over the line.
So there's the latest here and I kind of read that one again. I can't get in all the specifics and find out what is really going on but right now we just occupied with the campaign said Arnold.
Man I still can't believe it. I can't believe that there's like a serious discussion going on about this as if there is any question.
Is there any doubt? No. He's more on. Does he have any experience, any platform, any knowledge of the anything? No.
And that's why they like him because number one is not great.
Davis number two. He's the terminator. He's a celebrity. He's Arnold.
Did you see the night that he announced and which was total shocked because Jay Leno thought he was going to say wasn't going to run right and I think that whole thing was staged anyway.
They knew ahead of time because this whole thing was cooked up beforehand but at any rate and the minute that he announced did you see that the clip a couple of months ago.
He announced he was going to run and the audience let out a streak like it all just been told they won the lottery for 50 million bucks a piece.
Crazy people. I guarantee you when he dumps one in the bowl, it smells like crap. You know what? You know what I'm saying?
When he drops a big low, big low, when he pitches it, man, it stinks like Schmidt.
But oh, he's a celebrity in the movies. He's the terminator, man. He's going to be a good leader for California.
And like Ron Brownstein said, he's good at education. I mean, I heard him say that and I went to the NFL today or something.
I just I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe it. He was supposed to be a journalist for the L.A. Times who on a one hand is talking about all these allegations are true and they've been checked out.
And then on the other hand, well, he's strong in education and he's strong on this and yeah, man.
And that was supposed to feel sorry for Maria because the pressure now, all these allegations, he's wilting under the pressure now.
He's crumbling.
Sure.
Mm-hmm. Poor Maria and her $80 billion of the Kennedy's are probably siphoning off to every goddamn year.
Poor Maria.
I wonder what Teddy thinks of all this. You notice how he's been kind of mum on it? I bet you he's foaming at them.
He has stopped and fired up. Don't you think? Absolutely. He's probably down on the few.
So, yeah, he bet he is.
Oh, here's some shocking news. The Beatles record company is unveiled to cover a stripped down version of the band's album Let It Be, which is due to be released next month.
You going to buy it? No. No. No. Get it for free. Can I steal it? Yes.
Let it be naked features the original cover shot, but as a negative and black and white modded on a gray background, the ID being to strip the image back in the same way the music has been overhauled.
Really artsy fartsy. The new version of the album recorded amid Acrimony mainly in 1969 and released the following year.
Takes the music nearer their desire to return to basics as expressed in the optimistic claim on the original sleeve.
This is a new phase Beatles album. It strips away the orchestration and live-ish production work of wall of sound producer Phil Specter, which had been criticized not the least by Sir Paul McCartney.
Phil Specter, and he shoot that broad. Yes. So they say yes.
My Sir Paul McCartney. Let It Be was recorded. Those br- the brits here are such a bunch of silly people. Sir Elton John and Sir Paul McCartney.
And Sir Duschbag. And Day Medna. Right. Bitch. Let It Be was recorded before the acclaimed final album.
Abbey Robo was released later due to disagreements to ultimately let the band is splitting in 1970. The new version will be released November 17 and we'll have it right here on QAM by Hooker by Crook.
A statement from Acrimony said if we have today's technology back then it would sound like this because this is the noise made in the studio.
It was all exactly as it was in the room. You're right there now. That's interesting when he said that because this is the noise we made in the studio.
Not the sound we made, not the music we made. This is the noise we made. All the farts are in there by the way.
Ringo is farting up his tail. Then he just looked like he farts a lot. Yeah, yeah, he does. Ringo's there.
Yeah, he's not a musician. He's not entertaining. He's not an interesting. He just looks like he farts a lot.
My life and local. This is Port Radio by 60.
I'm a man.
Man, that's a f**k to him. I like it. I like it.
I show Carl Williams that the truth can really hurt. You're the type of guy that shakes and I'm a bum.
So I just say to you that you are too empty dumb. I'm the type of guy with my leaving and my bobbin.
I only lost one fight and the biggest name was Robin. I'm the type of guy who makes the people laugh and put the man down in a minute and a half.
I'm the type of guy who makes the people stare just because I keep all my passions on his hair.
I'm the type of guy and the public just attack me and if you don't believe it then you had better ask me.
I'm the type of guy. I'm the type of guy.
I'm the type of guy.
I'm the type of guy. I'm the type of guy.
I'm the type of guy. I'm the type of guy.
I'm the type of guy. I'm the type of guy.
I'm the type of guy. I'm the type of guy.
Did we fight after Mark Eisenberg worked our last night?
We did not find out. Why not?
Nobody knew us or nobody listens to it because nobody knows because nobody listens to it.
154 for George W. Bush who's the dumbest of them all but my Tyson, the reason I play that is doing a very respectable second with 74.
Not in a class with our commander in thief but the 74.
American public, we decided to put that on there and look at the way it zoomed in the third place.
58 and I have a feeling it's going to pass Mike Tyson like he's in a prone position.
Jessica Simpson who probably spends a lot of time these days in that position 29 and in the cool 28.
Arnold's only got 15.
Arnold. He's a freaking genius, young.
Dan Quail 14, Greg Read 11, who's a consuckleweight Darrell, strawberry 7.
Slice the loan 6, Bobby Brown 5, I never played that I will.
Joe Conroy O'Four, Gerald Ford 3, Mary and Barry 2, Martin Lawrence 2, Will Smith got a pair.
Tommy Thompson, the old cheesehead who drinks water out of a creek or is it a disease of a creek in his neck.
He's got a pair out of 424 votes. Not bad.
567 05 60, pound 560 on the 18 and T of Verizon.
We only got a few minutes left. Let's hear some real enthusiasm now for the Marlon Cump Series starting tomorrow at PP Park.
Is it out there?
Yeah.
Somebody QA him. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yes, I'd like to speak to Neil. Please speaking.
Neil. Yes.
I had an Achilles of California.
Go, Carbius.
Yeah, it comes. This is their first appearance in a playoff and a final round playoff game in 95 years.
95 years, man. Don't you think that alone gives it we ought to be rooting for him?
No. I see how they went to the championship series in 84.
But they lost.
No. Yeah, they lost San Diego in the first round. There's only one round back then.
Yeah. Well, how come all the things say it's the first 95 years?
Are we supposed to believe you and disbelieve all the experts? The mavens out there?
Yes.
Okay. We believe Scott, don't we?
No.
WQM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Okay.
First of all, I'd like to give you credit on your psychic abilities.
We're predicting the Marlins in four.
No, no, no. I didn't say that. I said they went three in a row.
I didn't say I know whether it would be the first three or like the last three.
Well, they were like, I said in four and then they lost the first game everybody's like,
oh, what are you talking about? You're like, well, I didn't say we're three.
Right.
Second of all, I want to know if you guys have any little smagacity yet.
No.
You're going to get a kick out of it because the name of it is 33.
I guess it's age or something.
It's called,
BOT 3rd, a man, BOT 3rd, a man.
I'll be dead.
Exactly. It's got some great songs on you.
I want to look at that.
I'm going to go up pick it up today.
Yeah.
Third of all, you finally get a kick out of this.
I know you like bowling for Columbine.
Yeah.
Michael Moore, September of 2004, great timing because of the election in November.
It's bringing out a movie on 9-1-1 weekend called,
Farenheit 9-1-1.
The description on IMDB is,
Michael Moore depicts the tragedy suffered by the American public on 9-1-1
and how the Bush administration used it for their advantage and profits.
All right.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Incredible.
I can't wait for that.
And in conclusion, the answer to your poll is,
it's on your dead cologne.
Ask the KMLV to say it later.
See you.
New lease Miguel CD and also before night falls with Johnny Depp
and the umptuous Sean Penn.
I've heard great reviews about that.
Really?
Yeah.
Before night falls?
Just the name of it alone now.
He's got me like all worked up.
Plus the fact that Johnny Depp now is Johnny,
a Maddy Cologne in this or not?
Who knows?
Who got owned?
He's playing.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60.
Let's go, Marlins.
Let's all away.
Let's get wild to play off pushes on.
Let's get wild to play off runes on.
Those are two of the most bland.
And I guess it fits right in with Dave Van Boring
doing a par radio play by play.
Boring.
Boring Suzanne.
It should be something like the name Marlins
probably ought to be in there somewhere.
You know what I'm saying?
Somewhere.
Yeah.
Let's get wild.
Oh, good, Golly.
Let's just get drunk.
That's what we say.
All right.
WQA, I'm hello.
Heal.
Yes, sir.
Can you put a George Chase, please?
Yeah.
Too late.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, I have the key, the cobbin's question
about the postseason series.
Yes.
They haven't won a postseason series since 90,
90, five years.
The 1984, there was no wild card.
So they actually lost in the first round.
Right.
They played the one series against the pod race.
And I remember Welley won the first two games
and they lost.
Right.
Okay.
Now I'm just talking to her if there was any confuse on it.
Well, Scott's trying to, you know, he's trying to show up
next pretty.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Thanks.
Even he found some amazing humor in that Scott.
I would have next for you.
Yeah.
I remember that very well.
And it seems to me that Rick Sutcliffe lost the last game.
I could be wrong, but it seems to who was the manager
in Jim Fry in 84 of the cobs.
And he let Sutcliffe in too long.
And now he's over there motor mouth on his broad cat
and he's telecast.
And then there's Tony Glyll.
I think he's going to the home ride.
He's got a great slaying.
Oh, Tony, shut up.
Put a guy down, quarkin' it, okay?
You idiot.
Actually, the last cobs pitcher to blow a series
was Greg Max in 89.
Yeah, I remember that very well.
Okay.
Got bombed.
Greg Maddox is, for all of his, I don't know,
it's something I like, Greg Maddox, but there's something about him.
And he's one of those things he's like very, very good
or he's very, very bad.
Very bad, you know?
Didn't he get bombed like in the first inning of the night
and that came to last?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And any rate, Scott's really enthusiastic and can tell by the last
of the, like that.
He's really whipped up to a frenzy about this big series.
All these people showed up there.
He picked off, he's fired up when I hit the everybody there.
He pissed off and fired up and ready for the baseball,
aren't they?
No.
They're all big baseball fans.
They love the Marlon.
We're going to build a new stadium with all of Scott's money.
No.
Fight at the local office.
This is by city.
The radio's all yours now.
You in.
Fight!
Hey there, people on Bob and Brown.
All right.
They say I'm the cutest boy and down.
My car is fast.
My teeth are shining.
I tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding.
Welcome.
Here I am.
I'm at a famous school.
I'm present sharp and I'm acting cool.
I got a cheerleader here once they help with my fate.
But there's you all the work and maybe later I'll bring the role of God.
I am the American free.
I do not think I'm too extreme.
And I have hands on some of the bitch.
I'm going to get a good job.
And we will be really experienced.
Women with a raise, young.
They came creeping all across from their job.
I tell you, people, I was not rich around.
I fucked this day by the name of president.
She made a little speech then.
All she tried to make you say, well, she had a ball in her vice but she left the bitch.
I guess we still have thought but now it's just too quick.
Oh God, I am the American dream.
But now I smell like bad bullying.
And I'm a miserable son of a bitch.
And I am a boy or a lady.
I don't know who it is.
I wonder, wonder, wonder.
So when we're way out, you bought me a leisure suit.
I jingle my chains but I'm still kind of cute.
Got a job doing radio promo.
And none of the jacks can even tell I'm a homeowner.
And it's me and a friend.
For the drifted along is the SNM.
I can think about an hour on the tower of power.
Along as I guess a little goal.
And child will go, God, I am the American dream.
With a spindle of my blood till it makes me squeegee.
And I'll do anything together.
I'll lay away nights and thank your friend.
Oh God, oh God, I'm so fantastic.
Thanks to Freddie, I'm a sexual spastic.
And my name is Bobby Brown.
Lights me now on who down.
And my name is Bobby Brown.
Lights me now on who down.
And my name is Bobby Brown.
Lights me now on who down.
157 at 560 WDQAM, a moderately happy Monday to you.
Don't overdo it though.
It's your own keeper.
We're supposed to be atoning and we're supposed to be very solid.
Are we solid?
No, we're celebrating, man.
Marlins, cubs, all this stuff, right?
Roy.
And a big roll.
You must be psychic.
Guess what I have in my hand right now is a thick.
I don't want to get it.
No, not that.
Okay.
Hundreds of ten vigil for malve magician.
They're all employees.
I'll decode a tacky no relation to New York governor.
I don't think a veteran aquabatta, the sick freedom Roy show, the sick freedom.
Roy show her to loud commotion.
And instantly with something you've gone badly wrong at the Marage.
Minutes later, Fataki watches, Permatics ruled out a bloodied.
Roy porn on a stretcher.
What many feared could have happened finally did happen.
To the Las Vegas icon during a sold out performance, a tiger had mauled.
And for Roy.
I was just petrified said Fataki 42, a bit more the show for 14 years.
I still can't tell you how I feel about it.
It was a nightmare, he said.
Fataki was one of more than 200 people, many of them show employees, or turn out for a candlelight visual last night at University Medical Center in Vegas, where a co-le-
a headliner, uh, Roy porn is being treated.
Horne 59, separate a severe wound to his neck when the 70-year-old male named Montecor attack without warning last night, or Friday night.
And in front of hundreds of people, nobody was sure Horne would survive, but MDM officials find the delivered some good news to the visual.
The good news is he might live all of what's unlikely.
The bad news is as far as your jobs forget about it.
Doesn't really say that, but that's the case.
Those who attended the candlelight visual shouted, we love you.
Roy.
And held their candles in the direction of his hospital room.
They described the people that worked in the show as a tight-knit family that had been rocked twice.
First they almost lost Horne and now they had lost their jobs.
With the co-headliner's future on certain MGM, a large official told the shows 267 employees started to look for new employment.
You know what that means? Scott too much pussy is a bad thing.
You know what that means when somebody tells you to look for a look for a new employment.
Don't buy a house.
That's generally what that means.
So anyway, the Cubs, you were like partly right and actually you were wrong.
Okay, there was only one series. There was no wild carnivore and they lost.
They had not won a postseason series in 95 years.
You got it?
No.
You got to get it?
I think so.
Maybe.
Anyway, we've got the mad dog next.
I'm sure his attention is divided. He's got the dolphins on the one hand who will be the girls team with a mediocre performance by J.Feedler as usual yesterday.
And of course the Patriots, I still on Tommy Boy.
And who's that running back? Cloud? He's in the clouds.
And of course on the other hand, the Marlins in the Cubs.
Bye, bye, bye!
This is the one the Roger Show unclimates the 12 a.m. Miami for La Hale.
I like the creamsicles myself.
