That these are your props, so beautiful.
I'm so glad for the fact that I got
a
And I'm embarrassed to be an American
Where we take triadically
Way the flag it would have
With our head in the sand
And blindly follow the powers that
Beep, have a sad tick
Pfft!
Up, washing state brand new
Is on a 65 inch screen
Scratch your balls and pie
Everything's okay
In the goddamn USA
God bless America
You'll come back now you hear
916-560-WQA
I'm a section of Tampa International Airport
Was evacuated yesterday
After the airport baggage screening system
Detected a mouse trap and a piece of luggage
A mouse trap
Oh my god
The airport's ticketing area was evacuated
For about 45 minutes but the Tampa police
Bomb Squad found no explosives in the bag
It did retrieve a mouse trap from inside a coffee can
Said Chris Radigan, a spokesman for the
TWAA, T Transportation Security Administration
When you look at the monitor it had all these wires
And looked very, very suspicious she said
Airport spokeswoman Brenda Gegehagen
Said the bag's owner was talking with the police airport
And TSA officials the owner was not in charge
She said she said a few planes from five airlines had 20 to 30 minute delays
But didn't have an exact number
Mouse trap
First of all why would you carry a mouse trap in your luggage
Maybe you need it where you're going
See Christine Aguilar
Huh what's wrong with that
Got to carry a build a better mouse trap
So we've also had some more additions to our survey
Although I noticed like George says nobody's on a phone now
Because they all ate me and people called in shouting names out
That's not the way we do it on this show
We nice to have a little verbal intercourse with some of you
Have some ideas about some of these people as opposed to
Just calling up like a hit and run artist
Like what was the one that I didn't put that mother?
Several I'm not putting down the ones I am putting down
Buddy Holly Frank Sinatra Freddie Mercury
Another queen
Jerry Garcia and Rick Nelson
How could we have forgotten Rick Nelson? Love Rick Nelson
Love Hosea and Harriet they're both dead
Boy a lot of dead people you know man
And more every day
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 8 8 and 10
And Verizon one of the slots are really great news
It's Tuesday it's the 14th of January which means
Smallville the night new episode
Now is it really a two hour special thing or was it
Did somebody just make that up?
Oh no I don't know I'll check
Well let's check that out
When it out let's check it out come on
A two hour special smallville man can you imagine
Get out the extra big box of Kleenex
Man oh man
So Michael Mayo steals a column right out of the show yesterday
Wow in today's this unsentinel
It's on our website by the way or will be momentarily as soon as Carlos gets through a showering and douching in there
Now going to take a leak at about 8 25 this morning in the ati room
And there's Carlos in there in the sink
This whole body is in the sink he's got the water running full blast
He's showering in the sink shaving and douching at the same time
Kind of like an all in one deal
I mean maybe they can develop a deal like that where you like it like a chamber
Like a gigantic toilet like thing and what you do is you just get in it and the water like it does everything
Like a shower brush your teeth you shower take a dump and
Douch all at the same time
I think it's an invitation station wow
This is wqa your sanitation station oh
We're trying to clean up our act aren't we no no
So Michael Mayo writes
Don't tell me their faxes coming in on this stuff because you ought to see some of the names coming in like frank zappa
Frank zappa was not oh get out of here
Frank zappa wasn't a recording artist like in the sense of recording artist he was a
Comedian he'll do well
Oh no virgin Mary seen on picture window in Canada
Oi hey do you see this? I didn't see that
I think that it's an omen man. I think that the second coming is coming. Oh, let's get rid of that call from highly okay
Hi, Alia. Hello. Hey
Yeah, okay Jim Krochi did time in a bottle too
And Karen Carpenter I think is one that you go. Oh Karen Carpenter excellent choice. Love you. Thank you
I told him to be good call from highly they're always great
Karen Carpenter Eric. I'm sorry about this, but we did you know just a
We're not sorry. He missed a whole bunch of names anyway, so we'll just uh
I'm gonna call him during the break. You're gonna one. I will call him during the break
To catch him up. What do you mean? He was all taking a dump or something
That's a good job. I can't imagine Eric doing something discussing like that
I can imagine Carlos doing that with the virgin Mary stories on the site
Okay, we're just just relax a little bit. Okay, just take it easy
Slow down a little bit. We got four long excruciating hours to butcher here today
So just just take it easy
This is an exactly like yesterday show where we can fill in with all that music although
Although an appropriate thing to do it certainly would be appropriate to remember give us some memories all
I don't have any music here like all my doors stuff is up in Toronto. Do we have any doors music here now
Mike back there back in it, huh?
We might have some uh
Like I got compilation discs greatest hits of this and that we might have some of them
I'm talking about playing the doors for four hours today although
I mean who we got on their Elvis. We certainly have an Elvis. I saw one disk back there. It's somebody didn't steal yet
John Lennon, we got every Beatles song that was ever invented, I imagine.
George Harrison? Do we have any George Harrison? Oh yeah, we did. Back there.
Remember after he died we had that thing back. Of course I'm not assuming that
they're all still here. Roy Orbison, must play Roy Orbison today for hours.
Jim Morrison, like I said, Jimmy Hendrix, we don't have no Jimmy Hendrix.
We got Purple Hayes. I don't know what I got.
I got Judy Garland. Judy Garland would be good. He did a lot of drugs.
He had a lot of BOOs. But he had never done any drugs that we know of.
But he had a lot of BOOs. He was kind of like clean cut, Yahoo, all American red
necky with him nasty glasses and he's dead. Jim Krochi, we don't have that here.
I got it home. Maybe tomorrow we'll do that. Sounds like a plan to make.
Frank Sinatra, we certainly don't have no Frank Sinatra music here. Sorry.
We got some Frank Sinatra operatives. What do you got there? Not Frank Sinatra.
So, Bing Crosby. Bing Crosby is even better. And he's also dead.
Let's put him on there. Just a joke. So here are the names that I added on there,
which you shouldn't have to Buddy Holly, Frank Sinatra, Freddie Mercury,
Jerry Garcia, Rick Nelson and Karen Carpenter. Please, Karen, maybe a little salad would be good.
Maybe the one that's Gloria would eat on all in the family.
The one that Archie keeps screaming. How about a little salad?
Come on, Gloria. Boy, she a pig or what? Sally Struthers.
Yeah, I used to like Sally Struthers when she was on that show. And as soon as that show went off here,
I turned a despiser. And that as soon as the show went off,
is also when she blimped up to balloon size or ballooned up to balloon size,
however you want to look at it. A cow. A lot of fat braids on TV, you know that?
Rosie O'Donnell, Roseanne, Oprah, Sally Struthers,
starred Jones on the view. Oh my God. She's not fat. She's in another category.
Fat. Have you seen her shoe commercials for Payloss?
Well, how she find her shoes? I guarantee she don't tie no shoes. You notice women don't tie shoes anyway.
Oh, you know what I've got to wear now? I went to my podiatrist yesterday.
They might have thanked her a lot when we were the best, baby.
Remember, even though the Panthers are just getting annihilated,
we can't pick on remember for that. He had planned all those pretty soon. They might sign them up.
But his doctors are the best. Went to my podiatrist yesterday. I've got a bone spur.
Heels spur? Not a big deal.
But I got a pilot. Saw it. I got a pilot off for the nail file.
But so you know, one of the many things he did. By the way, thanks again.
Doc, you're great. One of the many things that he recommended.
Shoes with high heels. He said he recommended boots.
I'm not going to be wearing no cowboy boots. Can you imagine me wearing cowboy boots?
Yeah, Carl said, oh, yeah, yeah.
But I'm thinking like maybe high heels like pumps are pumps, right?
Pumps would be good. See, I mean cowboy boots. It clashes with my image.
But I'm thinking more like well, you know, they have this school marm shoes.
They're nice and square toad. Oh, yeah.
What the heels on them? Maybe I can borrow some of those from my mouth.
I've got a size three foot. I've just squeezed them on. You know, just get the old shoehorn and shove it in there.
Sightings of images of the virgin Mary on windows and walls in the northern reaches of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan
have produced a minor tourism miracle for the remote villages involved.
Exactly. Exactly. My thoughts precisely.
Since September, mysterious images of Mary, mother of Christ,
have been reported in four villages, three of which are accessible only by airplane.
Well, you know, she, I don't need a plane to get where she's going, sparing hundreds of people to visit.
How do you like that? The virgin Mary in Saskatchewan, she finds the most bizarre places.
Jesus Christ! The latest images appeared yesterday on two homes in Bolville, Saskatchewan,
which has fewer than a thousand residents. See, she don't want to be like an in-time square.
She don't want to be like in some place. She wants to go into the, uh, boondocks, like in clear water on a side of that bank building.
The images appeared to glow at night and have been captured on video, said,
Bertha de Rocher, who owns one of the homes. No relation to Leo, I'm sure.
De Rocher said she didn't want to tell others about the image on her picture window at first.
I told my mom and she said, oh, you're probably seeing your own shadow,
so I thought people wouldn't believe me. De Rocher told Reuters. Since then, more than 300 people have come from hundreds of miles around to view her window.
It was just glowing so beautifully. I had tears in my eyes, De Rocher said, adding she believes the sightings are some kind of divine message.
Maybe they're from...
Oh, God!
The Roman Catholic Archbishop of the Keywiton Diocese, home to the four communities, was a way on retreat and unable to comment.
A spokesman at his office said that Ices has not received any official reports of the sightings.
Sightings of the images of Christ Mary and Saints are not uncommon around the world,
and it had been witnessed in media's diverses glass, water, a burrito, and a Camero muscle car.
Oh, yeah!
I would have thought he would have showed up in a Corvette.
By the way, mad dog, that was my Corvette. You were talking about it. It's not white, it's silver.
Did you know mad dog is colorblind?
No. He was asking me yesterday, who's the white Corvette?
That's a snappy car. I said, mine is silver. Well, there's a white one down there. There wasn't any white one. It was mine.
Huh? He's colorblind.
Everything he sees has got like either aqua and orange, or it's that Admissigan blue.
Everything?
Everything he be the color guy.
Possibly the most recent famous Canadian sighting was a Christ-like image on the brick wall of a Tim Horton's donut shop at Brasda Or on Canada's Atlanta coast of 1998.
Oh, man, I bet you he was there with Tim getting signatures for Doug McLean.
Or is it the other way around?
You think? Let's call up what's her name in Washington and find out what's almost her name, that hockey writer?
That broad? Rachel Alexander.
Very good. Oh my God. Let's hear it for George.
She had really large breasts.
Rachel Alexander, who had a gigantic pair of hooters, which is why George members are very vividly, but wouldn't know a hockey puck if you stuffed a whole bunch of men between her breasts.
Rachel Alexander, Bauwau Pikao-Kick.
Rachel, Bauwau Pikao-Kick.
And she got promoted.
And what do we got? We got Mike Russo and David J. Neill.
Of course she got promoted. Did I mention?
Big breasts.
Well, that seems to work a lot of places.
27 after 9 at 560 WQM Snow and Miami unbelievable Tom Limon and Joe Prieto are buried.
Not necessarily in snow, they buried in cars.
The fact that we have sent Hal at Pontiac so many cars, there's no place to park them.
Even Tom Limon had to park cars in his driveway and probably won't bring them back, so they need to place one in yours.
Hal at his blowing out all the new vehicles, regardless of profit, that's what they're saying now, when in doubt we're blown it out.
Including the Pontiac vibes starting at only $13,998 and up to 5 grand off on every GMC envoy in stock.
Plus get 0% financing or up to a $3,000 rebate.
Of course Hal at's also got as always a dependable selection of pre-owned cars, production SUVs.
If credit is a problem for you, if everybody in the town just laughs at you when you come on a lot, don't worry about that.
Just go to Hal at they won't laugh, they'll take your money, they'll cut you deal at Hal at Pontiac no matter how much of a deadbeat you are, even if you know Carlos.
It's a winter blizzard emergency clearance, Hal is going on right now at Hal at Pontiac GMC, 13401 Soptix, Ohio.
That's US1 across from the falls where they've been doing it right by people for over 35 years, they're open every day, seven days a week.
As always you'll save even more if you tell them you heard about this thing on the Near Rogers Show called the Near Rogers Neal Deal Hotline at Hal at right now at 203 at 1-88-534-421.
That's 1-88-534-421, where Hal at Pontiac GMC proudly says we be professional grade.
My, my and local, we're sports radio 560s, you ain't, you ain't, I ain't.
Hey there, people on Bobbibrow, the sea on the queue is boy and sound, my car is fast, my teeth is shining, I tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding.
Welcome here I am, I'm at a famous school, I'm present sharp and I'm acting cool, I got a cheerleader here once they help with my fate, but better do all the work and maybe later I'll bring the roll, God I am the American prince, I do not think out too extreme, I love my handsome son of a bitch, but I'm gonna get a good job and be real rich.
Women's Liberation, we've gained, we've been all across the nation, I'll tell you people, I was not rich, I caught this guy by the name of pressure, a lady, a little bitch then, all she tried to make you say when, she had a fault in a vice, but she left the bitch, I guess I'm still above, but I'm not.
Now it's just a bit, oh God I am the American prince, but now I smell like gasoline, and I'm a miserable son of a bitch, and by a lawyer a lady, I don't know who is.
I want the one, the one, the one, the one, so we'll win out and bought me a leisure suit, I jingle my chains, but I'm still kind of cute, got a job doing radio promo, and none of the jacks can even tell I'm a home dog, if they've slid me in a friend, sort of dripped it along, and say, yes and then, I can take about an hour on the tower, a hour, along as I guess,
a little bull, the chow, oh God I am the American dream, with a spindle, I've got till it makes me scream, and I'll do anything together again, I'll lay away nights and sing a thank you friend, oh God oh God I'm so fantastic, thanks to Freddie, I'm a sexual spastic, and my name is Bob and Brown,
what's me now, a fool down, and my name is Bob and Brown, what's me now, a fool down, and my name is Bob and Brown, what's me now, a fool down,
so here's a fact of Paul, who says, Frank Zappa with the most prolific songwriter composer in American music history, do you know that? I had no idea, well that's what Paul says, he has written composed over 400 original songs, he spoke out against bad government, campaign for prostate cancer research, he conducted voters registrations at all his concerts, and generally spoke his mind through music about the entire human condition, please add him to your list, thank you for your consideration, well I mean that's so polite, thank you for your consideration, how can we refuse, how can we refuse, and not only do we put him on the list,
but we also played Bobby Brown, he'd be going down, so the list is growing like crazy, now I knew it, let's see we've added Buddy Holly, Frank Sinatra, I'm just adding the ones that I had fast Eric, a lot of hope it's on there already, John Lennon's got 17, Frank Sinatra's got 17, Jimmy Hendrix 16, Elvis 10, see what I mean about Elvis everybody else in single digits, pulls up, but we're adding to it, it's not done yet, Freddie Mercury, get these Eric, Jerry Garcia,
Rick Nelson he won't do that well but he should, well he's got a lot of competition, not to slide it, here in Carpenter we could play some Carpenter's today what are you, no, thank you, and here's some other one Kurt Cobain, how can we have left them off here, Kurt Cobain, little insane, and a lot of pain, not no Mo, and Frank Zappa, we just put him on there, so there's the list it's expanding, even as I sit here I'm on a really, I was, I'm not sure if I can get in, I don't know if I can get in, I'm not sure if I can get in, I'm just, I just can't look at him, I shouldn't need to do this, I shouldn't need to do this, I'm not sure, I can't, I can't do this, I can't do this, I'm just about here, I can't do this, I can't do this, I can't do
my fat ass. So one out of a hundred here on this fact isn't too bad it says I can't
believe you left Kurt Cobain off list. Well he's on there now okay just calm down. What
about the what about the guy from Millie Vanille who killed himself? The guy from
recording artist not lip-sinkers recording artists. And then it says what about David Lee
Roth he may not be dead but his career is. That's cute. That's a whole other category.
Okay so like I said one out of five thousand ain't that bad. Did I finish my story about
the Virgin Mary on the picture window and says, guys I want to not sure I finished that. Yes I did.
Oh yeah the Tim Horton donut shop. I'm Canada's Atlanta coast of 1998. He sure gets around
at Virgin Mary and I might have to play that momentarily. Well Virgin Mary. And the best part
of the whole deal is that they actually assholes out there who believe this stuff. That's the most
frightening part of it okay. Oh my goodness it's the Virgin Mary on the side of our bank building.
It's the Virgin Mary on top of a Toteino's pizza. It's the Virgin Mary inside of a double burrito
supreme with extra beans from Taco Bell. How do you like that? I wonder and then today is the
14th we missed the yesterday. Is it only on Friday the 13th or the 13th of every month? We don't
hear about it no more so must be out of business. 13th of every month supposedly that
Rosa Lopez is house in Hollywood. She's got a date every 13th of every month. Lucky 13.
Lucky for Rosa although I guess not lucky anymore because she used to have all the whole block
blocked off with people parking there to come and watch wait for the Virgin Mary on the 13th of
each month that Rosa Lopez in Hollywood. But I guess she's small potatoes now. Now that Virgin Mary
is making the tour up there in Canada. Probably heard that I hang out there every now and then.
Probably looking for me right here Mary right over here bitch. Oh that was bad.
You can't call the Virgin Mary a bitch can you just did? I just did.
So Michael Mayo writes a column totally cold from this show playing hooky to remember a forgotten
voice about my cranberry. Better late than never Mike. It's about time he wrote something
not though it's still a pretty crappy column. Back to the sports page Mike you know tell
those people over there to sunset and they'll pull me back right below and I know a little bit
about sports not too much but certainly writing these kind of like human interests or whatever
this is I don't know what you call it. Anybody have any idea what we call this column that
Mike Mayo writes in the sunset every day. But anyway well I guess I better do the break first
then we'll get to that. It's not all that long it's Mike deserves it. Any points out who's actually
what I've been saying about how they only give him like a just a cursory acknowledgement to his death
and I guess he wasn't no more more as give which is what Mike Mayo points out and then what I just
said the other day yes. Nice going Neil thank you very much. The check better be in the male Mike
stealing columns off of the show he does mention me and Hank in there briefly that we were at IOD
that's the only coverage we get on the Uranus in the newsmeet anymore is the fact that you know
we used to be an IOD not that we're here now or anything to do with our shows now or anything
about our lives now or anything at all but just well they used to be at IOD back when they were good
back when we liked them now they're on QAM so automatically we despised them you know what I
think they started despising us I think back in about March of last year you know what happened
here in March of last year no what well let me give you a clue okay a short clue to what happened
here last the gate yeah he came here last March and that's when the whole world seemed to like
turn on us all of us even a mad dog I heard a call on his show they they hear that guy who called
and said I heard you're gonna be going on vacation sometimes soon mad dog he didn't know that was
and he guys says well we're hoping you will because a lot of us out here don't like you even the
mad dog what's not to like okay just because he went to Michigan just because he's a Homer which
we like how Homer a Homer's huh we love the mad dog and this guy see even somebody as innocuous
and it's just a sports guy they're beloved by almost everyone and this prick out there oh well a
lot of us out here hate you like poison in the room we're hoping you're on vacation permanent
this town man evil this is the if the president wants to find evil doors he doesn't have to go to
North Korea or Iraq or Iran or any of those places I just got to do is come down here his brother
can give him the guided tour show him all these evil doors we got here in fact he can come right to
this building we'll show him we'll put him in the right direction we know where that studio is
we'll show you an evil door okay shut up silly old koot 20 till 10 at five I like the word koot
sounds like kooter don't don't get carried away I'll think I called him cute not cute koot
20 before 10 at 560 wq I better do the right spot you know I'm just I'm having different I don't
maybe it's because Carlos brought me the log about two minutes till 10 till 9 whatever was
now he was okay he was just busy douching in the tea room there for so long you got a late start
plus it took about an hour and a half to get here this morning there was a wreck somewhere and
muff was belly-ickened about it took her like forever to get here I don't want to hear excuses okay
I want to see like you know I'm saying we're here on time every day unlike Marvin the raw man
I've got to thank him for that thank who Marvin yeah forgiving you a good lesson that if you
don't show up like on time to do a show that starts at 9 or 10 or more and you're probably
going to be around too long so thank you very much Marvin the raw man you idiot you jackass you
turn coat thanks for the whammy gig too Marvin the nice job on that you know when you shop for
quality footwear there's a great store where they have the best selection in town they have the
best professional service people really know your feet inside and out even if they have to put
up with the aroma and they've got the best unbeatable prices which is why so many people keep
going to Brandy's over and over and over again we're not talking about off-name brand shoes there's
some shoes stores that say oh we got shoes for like five bucks and you walk in there and you see
these crappy looking shoes that nobody ever heard of before the brand names at Brandy's they've
got the top names in a business like Rock Ports floor shimes S.A.S. Spirys Timberland naturalizer
and lots more for all you men women and undecideds out there Brandy's is open every day of your life
during the week they're open 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and you'll find them at 1290 North Federal
Highway in Popano Beach it's always worth the trip no matter where you are stuck up on a whole
bunch of pair of shoes maybe I'll go to Brandy's and get me some boots and pumps huh
I'll probably go in and say hi I'm the O'Rodges they'll say yeah pump this idiot all this
week at Brandy shoes it's a great time to buy men's Rock Ports take 20% off and get a free pair of
Rock Ports socks with your purchase all this week at Brandy's in Popano Beach
my life and locals this is sports radio 560
my junior honey
never watched his hair or seem to have a car Corbein
his name was Kurt now he's pushing up dirt Corbein
wiping grew from his chin doing heroin Corbein
yeah
he got high sick goodbye then he died Corbein
made a million and our never took a shower Corbein
he's a number one hit in heaven big mosh pit Corbein
he'll be Elvis the King and say grunge with my thing Corbein
so if you're filled with doubt don't take Kurt's way out Corbein
he got high sick goodbye then he died Corbein
here's a fact from glad from Iowa who's usually right on top of things but Glenn you're like
drop the ball this morning sweetheart says how about Janice Joplin
Janice Joplin was the second name I mentioned on the original list we started with after Elvis
you can't get much higher than that to be like right under the king I don't think Janice
would want to be under the king but nevertheless not in his present condition or hers
let's just like laugh them on top of each other I don't know they had a lot of
practice in Dwight Lottardale's will what booze and pills they might have gotten along nicely
yeah and a good point oh how could you forget old Bob Marley oh Bob Marley that's uh
put him on there should we put him on here no for the beast now see Carlos said yes
okay Bob Marley Jesus well this is good we'll have a list of about 500 people
and then just to show you how these schmucks out there you know you just look into fine fall
knit pickers jump and Jeff from Jersey who's generally a little bit more perspicacious than this
I think there must be something in the air people there's all those uh bombs that were testing
last night they were disturbing the atmosphere they were having trouble with
asylum casting signals at all the perimutials last night and the rumor around the place was at
pompano that the government was conducting tests bombs labama getting ready for Iraq that was just
a rumor that somebody there started I don't want to mention no names dick anyway well there's a lot
of dicks at pompano park nice called Brian Sears again baby and he is just kicking ass given
the clinic out there you guys ought to be taking notes oh man unbelievable Brian Sears is God we're
building a statue a monument to Brian Sears right in front of the track jump and Jeff from Jersey
says okay you mentioned Jerry Garcia but he's not on the list guess what jump and Jerry from
Jersey or full of crap how do you like that you're full of it 143 votes and Jerry Garcia's got one
we just added them on there okay jump and Jeff from Jersey we added them on because the public
out there demanded it the grateful dead heads see that's another thing I can't understand and
we've been through this before and they're they're very militant they get very hostile and no
that music was great and we wore our tie dyed tie tie dole me hey how about those leaves huh
they're coming back to earth just like the panthers although not quite as dramatically but
yep some bad hockey crap going on I'll tell you that
let's see oh you're looking about about the all the rabbi sent this it makes me feel bad I
put it on there the rabbi is not the one I hate you is that there's that a different one no
or obvious the one a hobby right that professional you'd hey Abby castle hoist baby
oh I guess what my new hobby is instead of listening to music in a car when I'm driving in okay
I am monitoring the morning show uh every day I know I'm not listening to it I am monitoring
the most show that's my new hobby as opposed to like listening to music
I just I just want to put in my notice that I'm monitoring him this morning I started
and I will continue every moment that I'm in the car between 69 am I will be monitoring that show
very very carefully okay I'm listening with like open ears and other body parts how do you like that
huh it's time to get it on so Michael Mayo writes this morning again you're uh welcome for all the
material that you wrote stole it right from this show and my lips playing hooky to remember
a forgotten voice look at moth how uh psychotic she looks today huh man you got a new schedule
or something very memo or CD what's that thank you so much you're the best you really are I know
they don't say that around a building but I said he's the one guy we can always depend on for a
smile a chuckle even on adverse times like when we're listening to monitoring mo look at what we
got here from my close personal friend amoflanzi as he slides into the machine sticks his finger
over there on the play button and it goes like like like
he won't get as many votes as he shows but I'm going to tell you a few pro she was uh they say the bomb
outside oh shit
bigger part
what do you like better poppy brown or leeway brown oh no
like that or white brown
this is dolphin
brown
yay
oh god
we don't want to play the whole thing do we maybe a little later
maybe when we play a middly of all the dead people's greatest hits
when you come right down to it i don't want to say that the dead recording artists are better
than the ones who are still alive but when you really think of it and you look at this list huh
when you look at this list for example who do we have to rival Roy Orbison George Harrison
and John Lennon and Jim crochet and Jim Morrison and Jimmy Hendrix and Freddie Mercury huh
and all the other queens see what i'm saying oh i know who we got to rival them name me one
today
puff daddy
pa-a-a-palsimon
pa-alsimon there he's still alive
let's hear it for pa-alsimon good joys boy
and paul McCartney who's still looking for uh hulio down by the schoolyard
he's right over here next door
no he is the schoolyard our hulio he's big enough to be the whole schoolyard
paul McCartney i don't know you put him in the same category with john lennon
George Harrison just because he was a beetle that's like saying that ringo star still
was roughly wrote a lot of their poppies
about rote recording artists were not saying no no no no no no chance
recording artists being together
oh no no no we're not we're not saying who the Beatles
we're not saying who is the best musician which would include writing and by the way guy
gross right now that he made many more records than john lennon after the Beatles
so alone in with wings oh and so many of them so bubble going to me oh
oh
yeah but live and let die don't bring up say say say well i'm
oh say say say say
what's that Michael Jackson inspired him to do that say say say yes
oh and if you're like the big badly Roy Brown wait until you hear
ah good golly miss mod i loved him croche he was one of my all-time favorites i used to play him on
a radio back in the good old days when i was a like you know a district
while he falls into it on the radio wspv and cirrhizaldis eight minutes still 10
and here's Jim croche and operator
i've a radio or could you help me place this here's Karen and the Ken Carpenter
who's Ken Carpenter i want to say dick again
if we're in the girls say dick to many things
living in LA with my fairs oh don't you give love to me
right
who that was right
probably Ray van jiric
never Ray van jiric sure that's an intellectual asshole
from the beginning of the way in fact i saw a piece on uh maybe it was on the biography channel
they were doing a gym Morrison thing and they had the thing about uh down here when he got he
never exposed himself here by the way he never actually whipped it out he threatened to
and the cops still busted him Jim Morrison because they heard that it was so big it would have
been like a runaway alligator or something but anyway so Ray van jiric is telling the whole story
what a sued he is remember we had that clip from him back in ios i used to play
but it could be any clip he always has to hold yeah real a real pontificating uh self-aggrandizing
so there's a little Jim croche for you now let's see who else can we have uh
when the fork got in there huh how about some queen how about some Freddie Mercury
i got some of the computer i think
stuff said he knows some queen how about Roy Orbison that's what we want
isn't that a shame that we have to like put him to the test and
well why don't we have this and once upon a time we did i got plenty of
Orbison up in Toronto my studio is up there i may have to go up there and play music
if you scour some of those things there might be some Roy Orbison in there
some of these discs that you have back there buried you mean like only the lonely something like that
we sure don't have you got it i love that song you know you remember my great accomplishment at ios
was i got the uh people was it the coast of that i got the people to play you got it i got
disney to convince them to play it put it on the playlist how about that yeah that's the only time
i've ever had any influence on a music on other station you know at fm in the building anywhere
they actually i remember that he came in no they're playing no Roy Orbison now just to pacify me
you know then he went back and puked in the waist basket again he's gone disney
oh sir i mean Roy Orbison another one underrated Roy the boy phenomenal that's my opinion i
might disney get out of here loser by the way nice job there and at the coast whatever the
whole thing is now what is it neither fish nor foul we don't even know what that's the and of
course party radio well people all over town i say they've heard those four records enough now
they're they're switching they're going to power 96 just to spite your ass what would you
i'm up in there now george is with us i think i might have a Roy Orbison song okay oh that'll
do it for me that'll put me in a bunch of better mood i just don't know which one don't forget
Tuesday at smallville tonight that we find out if it's a two-hour episode or not yet well wait
wait for get Carlos on the computer there and get on uh Warner but wb and get that schedule for
night inquiry minds out there why don't we got at least four or five people miss audience who see
smallville not just sitting around looking because there's some good looking people on there
because it's a great show with great story lines and exciting and because they like those people
naked in fact i think tonight tonight that Clark go whoops it out that's what i'm hearing
now what it was so what we've got to play all looking oh you're still looking for it that's what
i hear Clark is doing too he's still looking for it 31 votes for john linen oh thank god frank
sonata ain't winning he's got 23 though which really disturbs the crap out of me couldn't the
singer's wet of a paper bag frank sonata i i nobody can ever dispute the fact he didn't sing as
he talked to song new york new york he talked to song he never sang never sang one note in his life
and he used to search for the note he did he searched for the know he was sterling new york you
know searching for it like oh i'm close so there is up here jimmy henbridge 19 jimorison 15
11 so many 14 this is not an Elvis crowd which is probably pretty good because if it was an Elvis
crowd it would be like a bunch of old farts and even an old fart like me didn't vote for Elvis who did
i vote for who the hell did i oh i voted for jimorison pretty mercury's got 12 a lot of queen
fans out there jimcrochies got 10
call just a dilemma don't let me forget after the break i also have a red mic meows call me at
which i will i'll get to it i'll get to it mike just relax out there okay so yes it's only a one
hour episode tonight at nine o'clock on the wb who i think it was a listener that made that up
something that was hoping you get two hours of it don't worry pal you'd have been warned out
five about forty after the hour anyway so don't worry we don't need two hours
Freddie mercury with 12 Marvin gaze only got 10 that's a shame
where irreson with eight frank zapp has got eight moris give has got six well thank god for
moris getting six just a little recognition here uh even though we don't believe it
Karen cropperter five Jerry Garcia's got four for jumping Jeff from jurzy there there you go that
should pass the value George Harrison three that pisses me off shouldn't George Harrison have
more than three votes sure George Harrison was great certainly much better than Paul McCartney
in spite of what you're saying see Carlos again there's no contest there you're saying that
Paul McCartney is better than George Harrison Paul McCartney created more so much more music you know
what so did a grateful dead no no great music you don't even let me face the sentence more good songs
than any of the other way to see there you go again as Ronald Reagan said there you go again he had
made him the best recording artist how many hits did Frank Zappa have a half a one so so that made him a
bag recording artist see what you're what we didn't ask who was the most commercial recording artist
of all time thank god yeah how about pericomo Paul Rose find a way that's like the other
we got that pericomo here somewhere by the way thanks to boker brine it's in the DCS in fact I
bet you moth is in there now they did the Jim Krochi is probably working on some pericomo right now
some pericomo a como 957 at 560 wqa m hey the holidays are over it's time to quit the stuff in your
face and lose some weight peri peri's losing some weight fast he's fading away like in the dust
get off your lazy ass and call our good friends at balance for life we finally got the
definitive word from Troy Stratford who says the beast is back on balance for life and thank
goodness for that because we're saving that young man's life he lost 60 pounds on it in fact he
still losing his get his food every day and you'll get the food too once you sign up a little
black sack that's like magic because instead of counting calories counting carbohydrates shopping
and trying to figure out the supermarket what you can eat and what you can't they do all I work
for you it's all based on the zone diet principles which is very effective by dr. bary series
and they figured all out for you like I said you pick from two choices for each meal every day
that's around the program and by six in the morning they deliver your little black sack right to
your door to your home or to your work if you work early wherever you happen to be and in your black
sack three gourmet delicious fresh great meals with the best ingredients all kinds of good stuff
and two delicious snacks in the right to your door along with the little bottle of water as well
so if you want to lose that weight fast this is the way to do it safely and deliciously and trust me
you won't go hungry because in that sack is plenty of food to keep you satisfied all day long so
pick up the phone make your new year's resolution reality this year like the beast is going to do
with balance for life the smart way to lose the weight call 954 568 3229 954 568 3229 or check
them out on their website if you'd like it balance for life dot com
this is for 305 60 where of exploding balls once in a lifetime a man comes along whose life story is
so meaningful it can only be captured in poetic song
Jerry Springer the opera where high art meets the lowest common denominator
hello i'm Jerry Springer today's show is called my mom dresses like a truck stop hooker
Jerry Springer the opera drama pageantry wonder and swearing
i'm cheating on you with your stepmother
you
Jerry Springer the opera the stage spectacle that ain't over till a fat lady gets hit over the head
with a folding chair the world's sleazy as talk show host is in the house
the opera house Jerry Springer the opera 10 or three and five sixty wqm happy two day two here's
the fact that says Mick Jagger i didn't know he was dead he's not make Jagger look at that
maybe they're getting ready maybe they just saw him in concert that last time they figure
must be getting pretty close here's another one that says
with me tiny timid says no no even they say no
best from howl dales says i can't get to a computer vote right now but just get in there and vote for
rickie Nelson 50 times she says bet don't you think i would have rick nelson's greatest hits in that
rack back there you should don't okay i'll get you around here somewhere but you got such a mess
that you made over here no you made a mess by cleaning things up oh i'm sorry no seriously i'm
where everything is and then when i go away for a period of time like for ten or eleven months
and then i come back and i find that you moved it all like like my mother i actually comes into my
house and rearranges it i come back and i came and find a dog you know she just rearranges stuff
here's a fact that says oh this is wl and del ray and beyond chronic he says a few dead artists
how about harry chapens cats in the cradle and taxi did we ever put harry chapen on air
hi we don't want to put him on her doing whatever that's put him on let's put him on air
we'll give uh... eric something to do he's he's because i heard um most say this morning while i was
monitoring that it's uh... really kind of like a dead Tuesday everything is very very slow
better get used to it more because now that football is over for certain uh... teams like most of
the state of florida except the bucks uh... it's gonna be like that way for months to come i have a
opinion it could be a slow Tuesday and a slow Wednesday and a slow Thursday it's getting mighty
so harry chapens on their two eric how about syd vicious i said vicious and two pack and biggie
and alia left i all left i low pez and donny hathaway donny hathaway is dead who
donny hathaway don't you remember he does song with who do you do that song with i remember
jane hathaway no no donny hathaway and uh... was it deon warwick not deon warwick
who do i he had a hint with the somebody i could look into book with that would be cheating donny you
wouldn't know carls like uh... you don't even know left i low pez from hector low pez
reberta fly thank you very much much i'll tell you now now he's got the glasses on you see that he's
got the spectacles on now he's really getting into this heavy duty really serious reberta
flack and donny hathaway where is the law i think that was the name of the song
where is the love you remember that
you remember where is the love i can't believe it what is wrong with man that was donny hathaway
yeah he's dead or at least so it says here can you play jim krochi's don't mess with jim i could
play that if i had a whole cd here i mean robert download that thank you robert
you're okay in spite of what i heard most say about you this morning when i was monitoring
also it says i read that art bill retired yes then i think i've got some guy and they're talking
about ghost i'm coming back from the track last night and any k was doing his gambling thing so i
punched over to iod and they had who is that guy they play ghost music in the back George nori
oh and they play the spooky music in the back oops and uh marvin gay's beautiful daughter
nona nona nona nona will appear in matrix two reloaded in the role intended for the late alia
well at least there's some justice there marvin gay's daughter marvin could make it he's busy
he's busy with virgin Mary on the side of that building so we're building a great list here
well that's not it i already took that out that's on there should he be on there oh i found something
though by the way okay decal the clown they call us and it's right the boy tip those tomorrow
every night you didn't like this one no i like it a lot and now i mean you can play a little
but there's a right the boy ladies
what is a lesser song or what they know probably
we got to get uh what was that oh you got it
which was like hurry lateness for literally but he still looked the same i'd say
kill it that's uh that's so depressing it's even more i mean at least the reason we played all
the depressing bg stuff yesterday's because moris just died over the weekend so we were able to
tolerate some of the earlier bg's the real prediscode depressing days but that's really morbid
but right the boy you'd have to give us one of these strangers not just ugliest he was ugly
but one of these strangest looking dudes whoever recorded a song would you agree
absolutely that'd be a good poll to take some time the strangest uh recording artist huh
huh how about love is strange by mcci and sylvia who i know how about strange brew by
strange brew by cream very good very very good how about our claptin he's not dead yet
but we're working on it his kid is close that window too late too late Eric
remember that day that we lost touch with the audience right you lost touch with the audience we
lost touch with the audience so here's the list so far has the pool coming a lot of votes John
London 41 muffs that he voted for John Lennon took the easy way out frank sanatra 29 jim morison 26
now we're talking oh yeah greatest voice in history next to louise maguelle louise maguelle if we
do louise let's see uh just change again john under 41 so not for 30 are you old farts you silly people
john jimmy hendrick's 26 jim morison 26 elvis 18 yeah that's that's about where he is in our crowd
this is not a big Elvis crowds are mind me again on the 80th anniversary of his death remind me don't
play no Elvis stuff because it alienates and i mean the bg stuff yesterday they tolerated well they
took it they took it with good in good spirit i mean like if Elvis dies again we could like have an
Elvis a little beat us over the head with the bg plus i probably chased chased a lot of the
others people away by tacitizing the men out there who've been uh schlepping to grace land
remember that one show that was a whole time ago but i was in shock i said all you guys that have
gone to grace land your wives and girlfriends must have dragged you there you couldn't possibly have
gone oh no you're wrong the only fact we liked it so much we're going back
i think i think next to playing golf the surest sign of having no life is going to grace land
to see the king but what is i don't know
even his mama before they stuck her in the uh fox for her long dirt nap even mommy said boy
what a bunch of lifeless ancillos they probably wish they had slept with Elvis till he was 21 like i
did anyway frank zappens got and i missed that skipped over Elvis 18 Jim Krochi 15 thanks again
muff and robbert because he'd never have 15 if we hadn't played the couple of clips there
bad bad lee roe brown i butch is one of the most popular songs in this time you know it's a good old
boy song i love it Freddie Mercury 14 thanks zappa 13 Roy Orbison 13 there you go George
just in time for a he'll probably go down to loose them now after you play that
Marvin gay 12 i don't see any beach boys getting any votes on here Marvin gay's got 12 i don't see
a dentist or Carl Wilson getting any to debunk your theory carry carbon with eight i think
we're playing all carpenters all day more skips six jerry garcia five George uh Harrison
Janice joplin and Kurt Cobain each have four buddy holly and Rick Nelson have a pair and
Harry Chapin's on her but he don't have any Harry don't have any
Harry reans has got more votes than Harry Chapin
10 minutes after 10 at five 60 w a m on a great Tuesday man you can smell it can't you smell it
we're monitoring you uh oh just remember that
hey guys the new year is here if your new year's resolution is a high-paying computer career now
is the time to do something about it fast train is holding a free career seminar this evening
and it's Kendall Miami for long today on pemberpines no locations let me say it again
tonight it's a free seminar call 1866 fast train to reserve your seat you've heard us talk about
fast train for a hell of a long time now go to one of these seminars tonight and find out
what it's really all about and how you can get out of your dead end job and make some big bucks
call 1866 fast train to make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paying computer job if you're
overworked under paid during a real sucky job this could be the most important 50 minutes of your life
fast train can have you certified ready for your dream job in just four short months
call fast train 1866 fast train they've got convenient day evening and weekend classes for you
call 1866 fast train to reserve your seat for tonight for directions just check them out on the
web if you like it fast train dot com and be there tonight
reading nuts
what you heard all the words to hear by the Beatles or about the Beatles have you listen to so many
Beatles tunes lately that you're ready to puke well hold on to your lunch because there's
much much more when you order Beatles wrap that's right all Beatles songs no demand one complete
volume sung by the rap stars today here ice cube do the classic I want to hold your hand
I want to hold your hand and slap your motherfucking head
Bobby Rowell and I see Kuleo or LL Kool J doing the unforgettable valid hey Jude
pain you check your man they're all here on Beelhrap order today we're going to throw in
Yoko Volga's own arrangements of yesterday
call out 1-800 wrap me up right call out 1-800 wrap me up
10-15-5-60 W-QM somebody says Leonard Skinner's Ronnie Van Zant what do you think no
no so Muck was doing so well until he mentioned the song he voted for John Lennon and then he said
and I just got this idea see they all get corn
I beg your pardon John Lennon Paul McCartney all these people did a corny tune or
but I mean the ballad of John and Yoko I mean she just makes my skin crawl she's just obnoxious
untalented right idiotic silly grotesque right but other than that she's pretty good
what did he say Christ I can't believe he said that
Jesus Christ
I'll tell you all said that and got away with it was Phil Sims on a broadcast on Sunday
Phil Sims was talking about the plays repetitive plays and they're saying oh Christ you're
gonna have us run out again something like that on the national network on CBS Phil Sims
so you can get away with it because he's a jack what was Muffin that yeah it's got a good
beat you can dance to it I give it a four you can dance to the ballad of John and Yoko
he liked the melody oh I see hey I never know what he's serious you're not because he took the
glasses off again so I don't know I mean of all the Beatles songs to say I mean here I've got
the number one hits out oh so they'd like to pick that we don't want to play Beatles we played
enough Beatles already I'm sick of I got Beatles crawling out of my ass I think there's something
you can take for that oh let's call the bug man he's good oh we never mentioned that on the
year given no we don't did this man even though he's a little peculiar Steve alternative is that
alternative alternative ATM alternative to a termite management these people are spectacular and
George and I both both had him coming to our homes and he's and they don't spray with that nasty
harmful stuff they put they put that little stuff up in the corner he's boy I used all these
alternative that man I haven't had one aunt in that house since the day that he walked out
since the final ones went up in a corner and met their maker you know Marvin Maker from Manasello
Raceway there you go Dick no see you know Marvin Maker action from Manasello he's no Brian Sears
but we can't all be we aspire to be Brian Sears but we can't all be Brian Sears here's this
chronic jump in Jersey a jackass is we're gonna leave off James Boulouchy the great voice from
the blues brothers oh I mean Jim Boulouchy you would even have both off just a joke just a joke
okay we're licensed better Frank Sinatra I'd rather hear John Boulouchy singing now than Frank Sinatra
boy in John oh yeah here you know we are we screwed up bad but that's okay it's a four-hour show
we can add a lot more before we get out of here it'll keep her busy every moment that we do
another name on air keeps air committing another sandwich he's got those finger sandwiches you
know like what your how are enjoyed well they you can eat a lot more from real fast the small ones
Bobby Darren of course Mack the knife everybody loves Mack the knife although he had much better
songs than Mack the knife like Dream lover that was a great sign wish now I had that here now
don't have it what other Bobby Darren songs did we love I could reach back there and get my book
but that's not as much fun it's like she is called beneath the sea
down somewhere beneath the sea yeah I didn't like that it's cookie how can you compare that with Dream
lover that was what was right I didn't say that it was as good he did just like you said you
liked ballad of Yokel and Schmeckle we're monitoring mobile by the way that's our new hobby
Friday the book comes out we're just we're just spreading water here until the book comes out on
Friday and then oh then all crap breaks loose here's a call from Miami hello hey Neil how you doing okay
I'm so lazy on Sundays they like to play that that small bill yeah and five o'clock I think yeah
usually the repeat but this week in my wife told me it was that two hours special no and did she
tape it no no there was no two hours special yeah there was there was last week last week what the
tornado away but that's but that's still an old episode don't don't panic pal was an old episode
kick your wife out dump the bitch right now so anyway this the word I do with that list thank you
whoever facts this in one of our I see it's one of our regular facts yours thank you so much Bobby
there and Sam cook okay somewhere beyond the sea he's he's directing you know yes man you got
him worked up into a friends you near Sam cook out a side out of mind you send me Sam cook right
to the motel and Sam look out poor Sam cook I was reading the story about what the hell happened
there was he trying to break up a fight or something that money was in a hotel with him uh motel
the hooker or something I don't know he's dead and here's the one who won't get a lot of votes but
I'm gonna tell you from that remember we did the groups thing the American groups yeah and how
profitious that I had just fired off around their Terry Catherine Chicago who was playing Russian
we're left with a fully loaded gun and oh it don't work to that Terry well it wasn't fully loaded
but it was like luck luck luck just ran out see most people don't know Terry can should I put
him on or not from Chicago they know Peter doesn't deserve it but no you know he won't do well
on this list they know Peter satira because he has a wife you know in a whole bunch of kids because
he's act so faggy Peter satira wouldn't you have bet a lot of money that he was like a lot at a
loss well he's not well I mean I we don't know Eddie Cochran I was Eddie Cochran sitting in the
balcony was that Johnny Cochran or Wayne Cochran Eddie Cochran who the hell Eddie Cochran there's so
many Cochran there's Johnny Cochran George Harrison George Harrison's honor in John
Lenin we got those two honor okay Jesus good galley Patsy Klein I go to pieces over Patsy Klein
what was your other what was your really big hit Patsy Klein come on what is you know you're about
as much help as a dead man this is before my time Patsy Klein I'm gonna get the book probably
before I was born not before you were born Patsy Klein you know you never worked on a Schmidt
kicking station that's your problem did you that's not true I sure did well how come you don't know
oh crazy there you go I fall to pieces and crazy that was your biggest hit it was reached number 9
oh walking after midnight that's the one I was trying to think of walking after
so there's a ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Patsy Klein I'm putting that bitch on here huh and
Johnny Brunette and I'm not putting him on because he's just the small potatoes but Johnny Brunette was
good what was Johnny Brunette's big hit I love Johnny Brunette what the hell was it Johnny Brunette
oh there's buckwheat don't do that let's see Johnny Brunette and you're 16 you're 16 of course
like you just said out of sight out of mind you're 16 by freaking Johnny Brunette what a great song
right
oh you're not proud on the screen make the little screen still not somber than mine
yeah it's 16 you're not one it's beautiful and it's fine all right
yeah guess it's just from girls there's no good spells never touch it behind
it's beautiful and it's fine all night
yeah
it goes crazy when it's bad
oh when it's bigger it's better yet
it filled my hand it touched my chest
oh when it blew it ruined my best of game
by all my dreams and into my life oh how it makes me feel fine
it's 16 so beautiful and it's mine
Johnny Brunette was your giant casue did you play the casue on that song also just on that other one
oh although it sounded just like your treatment on that other that was a great job in that
poiple veins wasn't that what it was poiple veins yeah bokebra and me are gonna be doing it live
oh don't forget treasure island this week is on uh third day yeah from five to seven
because they've got some slut I mean some a great entertainer naked martial artist
chowned Jason naked marshmallow artist where does she stick him
oh that's redding oh how could we forget uh
sitting on the dock of yours he certainly belongs there
what was it sitting on the dock of your gay pay so there you go all this
ready I put him on so the list is expanding dramatically we didn't put Terry
can't on to go to show you that um you know I can't pick my own personal choices there
oh how could you forget here's the chronic radio groupy factor who says how can you
forget Dean Martin easy easy we mentioned Dean Martin and Sammy Davis we were joking about
them okay we're talking about great recording artists not silly people who like uh you know
who used to schmooza song like being cross-bake you know and they schmooza and reads for notes
stuff like that and being cross-b by the way was a prick that's what all his kids said the ones
haven't committed suicide yet they ought to know and they shouldn't on the ones who were dead would
like to come back and tell you some more about it just like Joan Crawford can't us must march you
being cross-bere Joan Crawford five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
John Linden thanks to the bell of Yoko Onal anal he's got fifty five sanatra 34 Jimmy Hendrix
33 Jim Morrison 30 Elvis 22 Jim Kroche 20 and Freddie Mercury 19 Roy the boy 16 Marvin
gay 14 we got to place a Marvin Gaye you know what Gay today even though you won't like it
I like well I'll tell you what to pacify you what I'll do is I'll alternate the Marvin Gaye
cuts with the beach boards I gotta get to Mike Mayer's column after the break don't let me forget
as one like final uh shout on behalf of micronary
because I can't say too much for Mike Mayer when he's crappy columns he's right but at least
at least he tried to do something good it wasn't but he tried and mentioned my name in the
hopper too 26 after 10 at five sixty at WQM guys if you spend two thousand two avoiding mirrors
if you're sick of combing those fear-maining strands of that enormous balltery on your head
like Richard Friedman who don't want to look so silly during the national anthem here's the
answer for you call Charles Alfieery maybe we can get Richard Friedman to go to see Charles Alfieery
and you were that nasty looking thing he's got on top of the head called uh peace
Charlie's the best in the world because the natural hairline system doesn't look synthetic
it doesn't look artificial it doesn't look like a dead animal crawling around died on your head
it looks like real hair it looks like it's grown right out of your scalp that's the key
that's why even the millionaires go to Charles Alfieery the smart ones because they know that even for
the greatest price in the world they can get a better looking head of hair than from Charles Alfieery
in his natural hairline system you have nothing loose but that big ugly bald spot because everybody
gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
Charlie gives you a full refot up to 30 days what can what what can go wrong so call today and take
advantage of your $200 neil risers discount and don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all
types of their systems why do you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks hey Richard will even pay the 25
to 30 bucks go see Charlie we'd like to make you look a little bit less silly we can't make you sound
better but we'll make you look better anyway and all you guys out there there's no obligation
free consultation Charlie and his friends over there we'll show you just how much better and younger
they can make you look so call today and set up an appointment at the Charles Alfieery Studios
toll free it's 1-800-321-2413 that's 1-800-321-2413 or check out their website everybody's on
a web including Charlie at Charles Alfieery.com
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do
Everybody follow my thousand bulls!
Yeah, ginger and mok, union,
What make my sorrel pony ass feel safe?
If we had a ginger and mok, get you, union,
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
1032 and 560 WQM, we got another ask a con show today.
What's your all-time favorite dead recording artist?
So many dead recording artists in only four hours, you know what?
Here's the list so far.
Elvis?
Janice Joplin?
John Lennon?
George Harrison?
How's he doing?
He should be getting a lot of votes, you know what?
Roy Orbison, Jim Morrison, Jim E. Hendrix, Morris Gibb.
He just died.
Marvin Gaye, Jim Krochi, Buddy Holly.
Frank Sinatra, Fae.
Harry Chapin, I don't want to influence the way they vote.
Frank Sinatra, Fae.
Harry Chapin, Freddie Mercury, Jerry Garcia.
Kering Carpenter, Kurt Cobain, Frank Zappa, Bob Marley,
Bobby Deren, somewhere beyond the sea.
Is that what it's called?
I could have looked it up in the bookmark.
Don't play Butch Boss.
Sam Cook, Patsy Klein, Otis Redding and...
And what I find.
I found it.
I've been needing for what you're saying.
When you say you know I'm stating it, no one but you know it's for me.
I've been needing for what you're saying.
When you say you don't care.
Nobody else but me.
I sure liked him, Otis.
I liked him a lot.
Rick Nelson.
So how's that vote coming so far?
We got 75 million votes.
316 already?
Holy moly man.
Otis Redding don't have none yet.
Well he just went on there.
Huh?
He doesn't have any Otis.
Patsy Klein's got one.
See?
There you go.
Probably the guy who facts me that.
Rick Nelson's got two votes.
Are you people out of your mind?
He's only got two votes.
Jesus Christ.
Call out Virgin Mary and get her on the case.
We only got two votes.
Yeah.
Mary.
Oh, don't be forget about Mike Mayow's call.
Good by heart.
Sweet Mary.
I'm so in love with you.
I don't know.
And don't Jerry Garcia.
Mary.
We never part.
So long Mary.
So good by heart.
Take a look at that.
Jerry Garcia's got seven votes and Rick Nelson's got a pair.
A small pair.
Does that tell you what this town knows about music?
Does that tell you what America's all about?
Jerry Garcia and the great.
Well then I will say this.
If it wouldn't have been for them,
we wouldn't have been in juries having so many great ice cream flavors.
We wouldn't have had no fish food because there wouldn't have been no fish.
Right?
Well they might have named it something else.
We wouldn't have had no cherry.
We wouldn't have had no cherry.
We wouldn't have had no cherry Garcia.
Who wants beetle food?
Ooh.
Just the sounds of that.
Beetle food?
Or something else?
Like sawdust, you mean?
Two votes.
I could play all of these songs.
You still won't get them any votes, but I mean...
It's wrong with you people.
Well I've been waiting ever since it.
Guess my face has gotten undisturbed.
Broken heart.
I will say this much though.
See because you'll recall that Ozzy and also being the genius that he wasn't
doesn't get as much credit now that he's dead.
Anymore when he was alive.
And did the first TV music video, which was Traveling Man with Rick Nelson.
But when it really...
At the end of the show, Rick...
Once he started his musical career at the end of Ozzy and Harry Day,
we'd Rick with Sing a Song.
He'd be there with a little band and he'd sing the song, whatever his current hit was.
When he really pissed me off was when he did this song.
Because I'm fast-sominal with my favorite then, and it's still one of my favorites today.
And it's just frosted my ass.
Big time.
Give me an arm and love again.
I mean who you kidding man?
No one here is dead.
I mean, I'm not ready.
Not thinking about that.
Well...
I mean, that's just...
You ain't no fat stomino sweetheart.
You look really good.
You look pretty damn good.
Let's take a look at it.
But I mean, as far as fat stomino, he don't look good at all.
I mean, he is pretty chubby.
Chubby boy.
But what a great singer, huh?
He's still alive so he isn't on our list.
And as a matter of fact, wait till that day when fat stomino meets his Marvin Maker, huh?
And then we'll put him on list and do this poll again.
And if he doesn't get like a whole lot of votes, I'm gonna be really indignant and pissed off that day, more so than usual.
I'm gonna have my ass frosted and put him in Macy's window.
When you be pissed off, fat stomino, in fact when we did the greatest...
Which one we've done so many of these, I can't keep track.
How did he do?
Don't recall.
Erick can look it up in between sandwiches and in between adding more names on list.
Hey, listen, we want to keep Erick busy up there. He's always talking about how busy he is.
Let's put him to the test. He's not too busy to put these names on here and believe you me.
He shouldn't be.
Playing hooky, do remember if you've forgotten voice, Royce Michael Mayo, in his morning's commentary in the Sun Sentinel.
He says, the barflies were sitting around, Danny's last call on Monday, remembering a friend when someone brought up an old joke.
The first thing I do is read the old bits of my names, not there, means I've got to get up.
Getting up never used to be a problem for my cranberry.
When he ruled morning radio in South Florida, he'd set the alarm clock for 3am, springing out of bed before the backup went off at 3.30.
Then he'd be off to the WIOD studios where he'd make waking up easier for the rest of us.
The old bits didn't do him justice. He died January 3rd at age 60, a forgotten voice relegated to the fringes.
The Harold gave him 229 words, the Sun Sentinel 300.
Even the newspaper in Cleveland where he had his first big success, did better with 462 words, too bad the plain dealer couldn't spell his name right.
A great guy, a generous guy, said Barron or Dan Chichester.
Remember he used to talk about him?
No, I do.
Anything anybody asked, he was there. He was a very funny guy, but not ha-ha funny.
A sumer was a sarcastic, dry, subtle kind, and he wasn't afraid to have a cocktail.
A Minerie's last stop at WJNA launched a crusade to create a summer holiday called Hookie Day.
His listeners met him at Captain Jack's Ocean Frontiki Bar and Pulp at a beach, and they drank the morning away.
We're doing this because August doesn't have any holidays when he explained in 2000, I figured two or three years Maxwell had this declared legal holiday, and everybody will get the day off.
Winnerie wasn't an international pop star like Morris Gibbs who was death-din-rate front page coverage, even in the region where he worked for 27 years.
He was just a solid guy who did a lot for the community, he raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for local boys and girls clubs.
In Cleveland he organized Winnerie's Raiders volunteers who cleaned up public parks, and he co-founded shoes for kids which collect sneakers for poor kids.
Winnerie spent 17 years at WIOD, the station at Launchler at Kings Career, and was a former home to Neil Rogers and Hagelberg.
The station rewarded him by firing him in 1993, said he wasn't attracting enough young listeners, wouldn't even allow him a farewell show.
Even as Winnerie bounced around the soft-loaded dial, leasing his own time over the past decade, he maintained the loyal core of listeners.
The Chichester was one of them. Their friendship was born 25 years ago when Chichester owned several restaurants and sent Winnerie a case of Smurna vodka for his 35th birthday.
Winnerie repaid the favor a few years later by showing up on Chichester's law at 6am, with the Croll Springs High School Marching Band.
It was my 40th birthday, Chichester, said I knew something was up when I heard the dog making funny noises. I opened the door and there's a 100-piece band playing the Star Spangled Banner, and there's Mike with his headphones on, broadcasting.
He said Danny, we put four cases of champagne and I so we can make a party of it.
Now Chichester is tining a party and fundraiser in his old friend's memory. It'll be February 20th from 5 to 10pm at his new bar in Fort Lauderdale, 33-55 Northeast, 33rd Street, a $20 check to the Boys and Girls Club gets you all the chicken and ribs you can eat.
He knew Winnerie hadn't been well for the past year, figured it was serious when Winnerie gave up the booze.
Winnerie was a less frequent part of the Breakfast Club friends who would eat and drink after Winnerie's show. Winnerie stopped by Chichester's new bar in early December. There was something wrong with his throat.
He said something about a tumor a few weeks later he was gone dead after surgery. Every day at somebody else at Chichester you can hardly walk because of neuropathy.
I just wanted to do something for him to try to raise a few more grand for the Boys and Girls Club. I think he would have liked that he had a heart of gold.
Nice going there Mike Mayo, at least you made an attempt. People as it was, at least you made an attempt.
And the main point in there was here is a guy who did a lot for the community, raised a lot of money, was a fixture for almost 30 years and he gets 300 words in a goddamn sun sentinel and 229 in a herald and is buried back on the obits page.
Tom Jic of course being too busy. He's out there in Hollywood again for the 500th time this year already in so they January being wind and dying to write those puff pieces about the stupid ass network shows and a bunch of crap.
He's one of the evil doers terrible Tommy. He used to be a good guy but he's turned into an evil doer.
Tragic. I wonder if Tom Jic will write anything when he gets back to town when he excuse me then George.
Will the old news you think is that going to be the excuse? Sure that sounds good. Yeah. We hate you Tom. Don't take it personal but we hate you like poison just like Hank hates Mo.
20 to 11 at 560 WQAM. Yay. Ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have or what had done something but you just passed on it and do the right thing.
Well there's an incredible Fanny main mortgage rate out there waiting for you right this moment at 3.45%. This rate's available by calling financial group toll free at 1-800-940-5363.
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd save yourself 3,500 bucks in the first year alone for $800,000 that you owe. $100,000 cost you only $447 bucks a month.
So here's an opportunity that won't last it's a 40 year low. So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home call financial group today and they'll explain to you how it works. Call 1-800-940-5363.
The process is simple and the call is free. 1-800-940-0ND. Financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers with a Fanny main program. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject of change if you delay 5.34 APR. Call financial group toll free today at 1-800-940-0ND.
I'll tell you the guy was scary. Hold those eyes. He looked like he could suck the urine out of your bladder with the power of his mind alone.
Bobby Lardman was a roadie for Gary Newman during his heyday. After every show he thought she's it's too weird. He like unzipped his skin and there was this spindly-ass glowing alien from like close encounters. I sh**t my pants. I'm not ashamed to say it.
In 1980, BBC rock critic Edward Upper Glass was sent to interview Gary Newman. He has never returned but an audio tape was mysteriously delivered to BBC headquarters in London days later.
Gary, who are your musical influences? Are you bleeding? Kidding me? No!
Gary Newman, think about it. You never see him and a being from outer space in the same photograph together. It's a big juicy, stopping wet look at show business tonight on inside of a hind.
Maybe he was a really an actor. It's 10-47 at 5-60 W.Q.A.M. So Eric faxes me a pool that we did back on sometime. I don't know when he'll us was. But anyway, we did a pool we asked which of these songs you liked the best we had. 1894 votes.
Man, it must have been a weekend pool. I'm assuming. And I was American Pie wanted. Why did he fax me this? Because I asked how fat stomino did. Right, he faxed you the two categories that he was in on poles that you did.
Aha! Okay. Well, here's Harry Reem's biography. Anybody interested? No. Get him a body cut. American Pie won 243 Lila. Own over Lonely Heart by Yes. Are you kidding me? Own over Lonely Heart? It was okay. Yeah. Oh, and by the way, Stevie Ray Vaughan, no. Some of these facts that I'm a far less today. No. Also, Joe Strummer. No. The answer is no.
But thanks for the suggestions. Anyway, fat stomino is on here was a blueberry hill was 29th. Had 21 votes. I mean, owner of a lonely heart pizza of great balls of fire. Dear God by STC. Why did we put that on there even? I don't think I was here for that. I mean, we like it. But why did we put that you weren't here for that? Higher and higher by Jackie Wilson. Don't even it's over crowded house. Oh, I see. I see. I don't see. I don't see.
Oh, and then there was the other one the best male recording artist. Here we go. Roy Orbison 147 Ellis had 141. Isn't that pleasing to you? That's pleasing to me. Steve Tyler only 37. Freddie Mercury had 110. J Black 14. Where's fat stomino? I had only seven. He's in such a different genre. You know, he's just such a whole different thing. There's your thing he's got like a different thing. I ain't seen it. And I really don't want to. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10,
o, m 5, 6, p, o, m E, h e, e, t, t, and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes ma'am you know you took the 40, not the number of words that theI obituary's lists for names, and I'm not sure that the cause of it. Everybody's aware of it-, the newapers charge you for those words. The families. Your- I had no idea.  content biliary. No, no, wait a minute. Wait a minute, wait.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that, but the fact is this was not a regular obituaries like a news story on the old bit page
Well, it yeah, but you know, they take every opportunity to make money anyway. They can that's outrageous
They charge me
$800 for an obituary for my son
Oh my gosh, and and then they used it in the Spanish paper as
information it was a
Suicide and
They took every opportunity to sell papers and
They're still filling me for that. I mean it's ridiculous. I can't believe that they touched that amount of money
800 bucks to publish an obituary and the other five I would send it back to him and say good luck to you
Fighting it good for you
Yeah, anyway, I just want to let you know. Okay, thanks. I'm sorry. Okay
5 6 7 depressing 5 6 7 0 5 6
10 5 6 the only 18 T and T and for eyes were as well. You give me a look like that
Now see the stories that Mike Mayo was referencing weren't you know the regular
Bitter is what he's talking about the like these were all of this these were printed as news stories because he was a celebrity
But the point that Mike was making was then and accurately so because he's ripping it off from what I said is that
Here's I'm not gonna go through it again. If that's the case
Why would anybody have an obituary printed?
The people that need to know are gonna know well, I'll tell you one thing my father's obituary was like very very short just a few words
Just a handful of words
In fact, there were only two words that I saw in a story that I satisfied me
Yeah, that was enough for me. I don't have to read the obit page anymore 5 6
You I told you that before and I was a truth both newspapers
That was the first thing I looked at every single day for years and then finally I'm up and through honor
I get a phone call. I guess what your father died and I said oh right now. Okay, I don't have to read the obits
And I never understood the issue before then I heard him call a talk show once really. Yeah, did you really yeah?
Exactly
Here's for a lot of deal hello Neil. Yes, sir. Okay on Sunday
Mad listening to magic and they said they were gonna play a bunch of songs for the bg's for Maurice Gibbs
Right, I didn't even get to hear them
But I went and said 11 came back outside
Magic again. What was the first song that's laid?
Building a butter oh
You see I wasn't exaggerating I'm not be somebody over there must have a fetish on that song
How about two names Frankie Lyman and Mama Cass?
Well, those are the marginal ones
Okay, thanks
What about Mama Cass Frankie Lyman is not gonna go under bokeh Brian would vote for right?
I mean Frankie Lyman was okay. In fact, I have that many disc. It's got all the stuff on here
Of course we can't play because we don't got no many display in here anymore
It's being it's being thickest. Yeah, as soon as I leave it'll be you know, it'll be back
But mama Cass, what do you think? No?
Well, you got so many people that have died
Hard to rate
Right I mean she was all right. She was fat
Loved her now what she choked on a sandwich or something. I think they just made that sort of like Muriel Lonza
Choked on the sandwich. She grabbed on it. She choked on her fat very good the way to put it
She was big and fat. We don't have a lot of sympathy on the show for big fat people of croque over their own fat
Now if I was skinny, I mean then I would have no credibility, but I'm fat myself
Does that make any sense? No, no again graded on the QA curve
Although I do have great circulation in my feet my good podifers told me that yesterday
Thanks to remember my podifers friend said I have great circulation
In fact, I checked the herald circulation. I got a bigger one than they got
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Oh, we hate you with the hero by the way. Can't stand you
pound 5 60 on the 18 T and T and Verizon wireless line
We do like Mike Mayo personally. He's not a bad guy, but his columns
Generally blow all of the winery won. Thank you Mike. Thank you for at least being one voice
Even though it was very very very lame
But at least being one voice to make the point of this guy after all he did and raised the money was a pretty good guy
Deserved a little bit better, but this time like I've told you it's unyielding man. They give you nothing back nothing back
Just like just like a couple of months ago when there were a bunch of assholes trying to like drum me off the ear and get all whipped up
The Fox News thing anybody in this town even write about it. Did they even recognize it? No? No?
Nothing zero Zipity doda
Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, sir. Okay, I've got two pocket Bob Bali
Bob Marley's on earth here. How about a six-pock
None of two two-pock was a I mean he could be your favorite day recorder
Is but he wouldn't get like enough votes to even count right?
You want to put him on there just for fun? No, I don't for fun. I don't I'm not putting two-pock on there with all these other great recording artists like jury Garcia
Come on and besides if you put two pocket and we got to put biggie on it
We got to put biggie in six-pock at two-pock
no sorry
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line John Lennon's running away with it since we played the the battle of your
Are yoke alone? Anel
71 votes Frank Sinatra 42 but it just frost my ass
Frank Freakin Sinatra Jimmy Hendrix 41. Isn't that shock you that Jimmy's in third place?
Other than purple haze name me a hit by Jimmy Hendrix hey Joe
Hey Joe mama. I thought hey Joe was by the leaves. Are you experienced by the maple leaves? I
Yes
Let me look in a book here. I think you're making those up. No, not making it. No, I know the songs, but I mean are those hits?
Well, those were hits. I don't know what's a hit. I wish chart the obscure rock chart on the pop charts
Jimmy Hendrix along the watchtower. Yeah, that was pretty good up from the skies. Foxy lady. How could we have gotten that?
Because we're old and that was even bigger than purple a no it was not in fact none of them were big
Along the watchtower made it up to number 20 all of his other songs the biggest one the highest it ever got in the top 100 was
Cross-town traffic
52 the Jimmy Hendrix experience don't even know that 68 never heard of it
Dolly dagger freedom and that's it
He didn't exactly have like a whole but he's number three on the list and right on set up for Zaz. I'll tell you that right now
Yeah, he said his guitar on fire, but not the world
I could you know that thing about take it or leave it. I could leave him easily, you know likewise
And Janice Javlin. Oh me and pop me again. Please me and pop me again. I love that Janice Javlin
But we got about the you know the Avaan lady
Yeah, just a screamer. She was the female Bruce Springsteen
Very good screamer
Just made a lot of noise. Oh, no, she was great. No, she's
That's a singer ugly face ugly boy. Oh
She's been dead a long time. No, thank you for that because you met her created some more of that grotesque screaming no
I hear that bit. Okay. Just relax. I'll find it for you. I mean how many Janice Javlin bits do we have?
I'm sure it's in the book and we got the whole ACM library back there and in my drawer in Toronto
1056 at 560 WQ and let me tell you again everybody in their brother tells you they're gonna help you lose weight
They got the pills that you take that don't work
Then they got that stuff you're supposed to drink that makes you like your brains out over the weekend
You're supposed to lose 10 or 20 pounds and two days and of course you can't
If you want to lose weight the delicious and the safe and in the same way do it with balance for life a real weight loss program
Not some crazy fat that doesn't work after all the beast is lost 60 pounds and balance for life and lots of other folks around here
Lost some weight on a tune you can do the same even more if you have to so whether you have just a few pounds to lose or maybe a hundred or two hundred
Balance for life is a simple way to do it because they do all the work
It's based on the principles and the knowledge of the zone diet by dr. Barry Sears and the Brian Sears and
And believe you me it's so easy that even anybody can do it because it's a little black sack
They deliver it right to you by six o'clock in the morning
You tell where you want it delivered and they'll be there and in your black sack is food for the whole day three delicious gourmet meals just pop those
Deals in the microwave and you got a fantastic meal and nothing frozen or artificial by the way
It's all fresh delicious food plus two delicious snacks right in that black sack and that's it and tons and tons of food in there to keep you
Full all day long in fact some days you'll have trouble eating all of the food
So let balance for life. Help you lose the weight and live up to your news resolution
Not only look better this year but getting better health too call them at 954 568 3229
That's 954 568 3229 or check them out in the worldwide wicked web if you like balance for life dot com
Now what that'll happen there George
What I press the button and it went holy cow errands coming tonight and
Don't miss a very special episode of ringo's start aids. Hi, may I take your order? I'll order for the both of us if you don't mind
Okay, ringo a little lady here will have the yellow submarines and which I'm going to have the chicken special
Why did dark meat dark of course as you know I prefer drumsticks
Oh my gosh, you're really I don't find you
I
That's all tonight on a very special ringo start aids
Don't you think we need a lot more of those shows on here? No start eight star search star
Jones
I mean, what's it all about man? When's it gonna stop? It's not till it runs its quarter. It's reality TV
Isn't it no it's a poly crap. It's a polycontribed crap
Which is what they specialize in can drive crap here's two faxes from Adrian
Adrian get off my case already sweetheart. How about Bob Marley? He's on their mind Bob Marley. How's he doing or maybe maybe
Eric didn't put Bob Marley on there yet
Ah, like I said my apologies to Adrian because hey yo Adrian
We just screwed up yet whether Eric okay
It's in the great that you fact me those other things that I can't make kids or tails up. Thank you so much
But let's get Bob Marley on there
Because if we leave off Bob Marley, it's gonna piss off a lot of your mind folks
Here's today's Greg facts, which is just in time because I notice we don't have a couple of calls on the board
It's only 1102
My dog at one in a studio Hank is doing his game at the heat. It says that the AAA arena
Oh, I sure hope it doesn't sound like the last show he did at the AAA arena remember that sound like he was talking through a through a tin horn
Then we got the big
He's doing a show at the senior bowl at seven o'clock, which we didn't even know there was a senior
I guess I did
And then a tent at 80k from GA with all that gambling stuff
Joe and Mark overnight to talk about
Pompano Park and how they can't talk about it
Do we ever find out what that was all about?
It was better fact. This Joanne denial as he denied man
And we like Joe a lot Joe Castello, but he's lately. I think since that wedding a little strange, you know
A little bit on the strain side
Here is Greg's facts for today yesterday's facts was so good. I don't think he can outdo it
He's really moved up in our estimation light years. Hasn't it even you are saying you know? Sure
No, you're not
Well, it doesn't bug me like he bugs you
No, because he doesn't have a fetish for you. He's got to write anyway
It says I don't care what the final results of his pull are the best thing you ever did alive is Jim Morrison
See now he's sucking up to me just like Moe is trying hey, we're monitoring you Moe
I hear all that sucking around. I'll always stop doing that for a few days
Since I told him to blow it out his old ass
It says the doors are a group that were way before their time
If the same group had come out today they would have dominated even more than they did in the 60s
Also, I'm not sure you agree, but I happen to think the doors the movie is absolutely incredible
Val Kilmer did a dead-on Jim who could have done better
Except maybe what's his name does the news and I would be my former producer that nitwit
John Leavitt who used to travel with the doors
And then he used to slam doors in his face is what I'm hearing
John Leavitt
I heard him also when I was listening to that spooky guy that guy with a ghost on iod last night. What's his name?
I don't know you told you told me before
Carlos that came from him, but anyway, uh, and I heard the newscast there was John
Leavitt my friends in the Jewish community and my friends in the light and community. Oh get out of here John
man
Anyway, it says I've seen that movie hundreds of times and guard that DVD with my life's Greg
He's seen the movie hundreds of time even the godfather and network as many times I've seen those movies
I certainly couldn't say I've seen them hundreds of times
I would say that anybody who has seen any movie except maybe Debbie does Dallas a hundreds of times has some kind of neurotic problem
I'm sorry Greg
It says they're the only music from the 60s that I love see well. There's more problems see what I'm saying
You probably don't remember what I sang a song parody on your show spelled P-I-P-A-R-I-T-Y
See parody is what we have in the national football league all mediocre teams parody is P-A-R-O-D-Y
See you learned something already dig Greg not parody, but parody if you got it
Oh, I sang a song parody on your show about seven or eight years ago using light my firetattled Shula time to retire
Remember that? Yeah, no no
P.S. it would make my day if you could do it your Ross Perot impression, please no
Today's Greg and uh, you know like I told you I knew one of these good as yesterday because yesterday's was his close to perfection
And was good timing to run on the hills of Morris Gibb passing away
So today naturally you don't want to do too good because then I have to live up to that every single day
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Davy hello
Davy
Is gone. Okay, so that leaves us with one call on the board
What a nasty kettle of fish we got here now, you know what?
You
Last call is from Miami. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. What about Kurt Cobain? He's on there
What do you know there? Well, wait a minute. Maybe now let me check see on his
I'm gonna put him on
Let's say Kurt Cobain. There he has got eight votes. Hey votes
Okay, also about the bg's. I mean, I'm not a big fan of the bg's
I mean, it just bothers me the way the guy sings like a like a white woman with that high pitch voice, right?
I mean, I have a falsetto
Is that a woman? Yeah, and after Dennis Schraublin. Yeah, I mean, I can take her lever
But for the most part, I don't think it's about her voice. I mean if you want to listen to somebody just for the voice
Very polished. I mean, you might as well listen to Julianne Drew's. It's about what you know the the rawness
You know the rawness. Yeah, the rawness edging is a lack of production
I mean sometimes you can have like an open source somewhere in your body and it's really raw
But you don't enjoy the rawness. I mean, like you
Unless you're doing that even as far as the doorboard goes
I mean most of the artists on the doorboard are probably you know crappy over polished pop stars like you know the boy bands and all that crap right and
I like like O-town. Oh
Exactly, and I mean, I think George knows a most of the good music out there doesn't even make it to the top
Of the charge at all. Yeah, so you know, that's like so so what are you trying to say that?
Janice Schraublin was great because she was like yeah like that. Yeah, I mean, I don't I don't need to listen to them
Like I think you have to be really strong. They're really drunk to really listen to her now. You're getting warmer. Okay. Now. Yeah
You got your thumb right on it. I'll admit it, but I mean as far as I mean, I think she's a lot better than that
You know, Brittany bitch or you know, well now you're talking last time power, you know, mm-hmm. All right, Neil. Love you. Thank you
There you go. He made a couple of good points there. I'm already not sure what they were but
He said Janice Schraublin was great and if she came door to door selling as the A-bond lady he'd open it wide in the door too
And then kick her ass out. Well, yeah, maybe he never saw her
You seen her. Oh, yeah, man
He made Doreen look good
5 6 7 0 5 well 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 just a joke Doreen just relax back there
Where would I have you are in a building? I have no idea where anybody isn't a building now
You know what just as well probably just as well
I know where the sales holes are way back there that way everything is that and for PD Lenny's saying to me this morning
Have you met the new sales guy yet boy waiting to meet this fruit cake, you know that stuff
He's talking about other sales people PD Lenny
Boy, do you see that routine he went through getting on a scale here? Do you see that routine? No
Took off his jacket took out his
Keys took out his wallet laid it on the table over there weight about 45 pounds the wallet
Then he goes over there. I'm doing great. I'm doing great way. I 82 pounds soaking wet
He's red rough and sore
I
Get red rough and sore just seeing him waddle in there in the morning
He just that's one of the things about not being here. That's the best that is the best
Not having to lay my eyes on PD Lenny. It just makes me feel like a real human being
So he doesn't like to be Jesus because they're muted well. I mentioned that yesterday
That it wasn't exactly what you called your macho group, but in spite of that sir
I will say this in our poll which we got a pretty good bunch of macho guys out there at least for your forum
They did very well
Didn't you didn't you think they did better than
expected better than expected right
Especially with the sour ass hateful audience we got a people or and didn't that guy say that it was very
Negatory that phony shrink the quality of the day right starting up his crap again
It's negative when we want to feed negative when we want to feed positive like about the bg's it was mostly positive
So there you go. It's the in and the yang that's the way life really is sir
This isn't one of those like hearts and flowers shows where we try to like smooth everything over like you know like Jonathan Edward
Paula crap
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, what's up there chief. Yes, sir. How about DJ Jam master J
Oh, yeah
No no chance
He didn't collaborate with our Smith and rekindle their uh their uh
uh career
He regained rekindled their career
No, no, he did not rekindle their career
I think so I think that he rekindled did you hear that he rekindled aro smith's career
I think this guy's maybe a little jaded in his view, don't you
Aerospace has been hot again. What was the movie that they did the theme from and that's I mean, it's just one
I just mentioned that in passing the uh Apollo the astronaut movie. I would uh Apollo
Whatever the hell was they know what are they are we getting something like that
I'm again
Rekindle aro smith's career sure I've heard a lot of
He's talking about the run DMC thing but that came from steve tyler himself
Yeah
That they were basically done until uh that phone call came in yeah
Well, I told him they rekindled his career
steve tyler but was was that the guy that died does he even have the right guy?
I had yeah, that's the one that just died here a couple of weeks ago he died
Exactly
I mean in fact it was like a couple of months ago
I'm sorry. Do you know if you remember people calling him we're correcting us on which uh, I can't keep track of all these rappers man
I can't keep track of the rappers. It's like having 600 various candy bars assorted in your on the floor
And then you try to like keep track of the rappers. You just can't do it
Although I do like a Clark bar being on them. They still make those I think so
He ever had a Clark bar sure. Oh
I don't know what it is about a Clark bar, but I sure do like a Clark bar still like the heat bars better
Yeah, and the escort. Oh everybody likes to score
Man and what's really the difference
Let's get 50 of men here tomorrow and uh, I'll eat 20 of each and you'll eat like huh
And then they'll carry me out of here right we'll have the end we can take the poll
The best dead of the torture who could just die today on here
Man, I do like a good heat bar and a score bar and they're the real thin and there's not much to them
So even though they're just pure sugar. It's like it would be like taking and injecting liquid sugar into your veins
They're so pure sugar, but they don't satisfy you because they're so small
Right
Now somebody brought home the obey from Doris market a chocolate canole
That was just sitting there on a counter like again like like the cheese in the trap eight didn't eat it didn't I I looked at it
I looked at it and I said oh
Man didn't touch it though
Good well. No, I take that back. I did like Connie didn't and godfather three
Remember the light wall a little light. Oh you have some you're so skinny and I
Permanent little and you know something just that little tiny bit
I could tell that it was 400% sugar sure
If I were to eat that whole thing my blood sugar would have been 45,000
12 minutes after 11 at 560 wq a lot of dead recording artists out there a lot of people dying lately
And then of course we got the president who wants to see a lot more people dying as soon as possible
Anyway, if you're dying because you're too fat
There's a place called the Lice of West Boca that's dedicated to help you stay on your diet whatever it might be
Because the entire store is loaded with low carb and sugar free and no raw carb items over 600 to be exact
To be a generic over 600 delicious low carb food products like their brand new low carb crunchy granola by flaxomere
In two scrumptious flavors with only one or two carbs per serving and if you're on the atkins that you know that keeping those
Carbs way way down is the secret to losing the weight quickly
So whether it's carbolite ice cream breads chips muffins cheesecakes pasta and sauces
The Lice of West Boca is the place the entire store is dedicated to you in your low carb needs
And they're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 you can try anything of the store before you have to buy it
And they carry the most complete line of atkins brand products. They got all the books
They got the vitamins they got it all for you
So if you're excited about the atkins diet if you've been successful on it
But you're frustrated because your supermarket only has about three items in there that you can eat on the atkins
Here's the deal head forward the lights because you'll find all kinds of goodies to help you stay on the straight and
Narrow or path
Delights of West Boca there on the northeast corner of glades in 441
Right next to Boston market or column tool free 187 seven low carb or check them out on the wicked worldwide web at low carb
Com Delights of West Boca they want only your official atkins retail center
She way
Blast her nights
Kuku baby let's turn this mother out
Puff the magi rapper is on my TV
No one heard of him before or his name is what that he I said that's
Puff the magi rapper won't be here that long
Not unless it learns to sing on the right of friggin song I said pop the magi rapper
Is all over mtb
Only because of one shot not glorious p i g
But guy maybe someone should tell him making it this way is wrong
Taking that short dead best friends the king
Blush ball
Still doggy doggy dog on the ball track all good news thanks and after this fall into third place
But now that I play that that'll like plant the seeds in their mind again. How about the seeds pushing too hard
They might be dead one or more then
1117 and 560 wtqm here's a fact from
Uncle Bill from royal Palm Beach who says someone has been stuffing hair pieces inside all the dolphins
Drifts any idea who's been doing this
ps can't wait until baseball seasons why you listen to the lovable crow
It says god damn i'd rather eat fire ants than listen to him
Ha ha ha ha
He'd rather eat fire ants
He'd rather take a fire ant bath then listen to the crow wow that's the way it go
How is the vote coming who's your all-time favorite dead recording artist
John led in 79
Jimmy Hendrix 63 oh see that's just uh still hit me see Jimmy Hendrix
Is that gonna be the phoney vote now do you think Jimmy Hendrix was for the room
Uh Jimmy Hendrix 63 thanks to not for 55 uh
Jim Morrison 41 that should be much harder than that
Elvis 29 Freddie Mercury 28 Jim Krochi 27
It's not too bad Marvin gay 21
See and we didn't ask who the best ah
We didn't ask for the best I purposely did that
We asked who's your favorite which doesn't mean that they're necessarily the best for example
Like I think that the Jim uh Marvin gay
Was better than some of these other ones above him but not necessarily somebody's favorite
Thought I'm saying does that make any sense maybe a little bit
There's a difference
Uh, it's not like food if you were to say what's what's your favorite flavor of ice cream
Then that would be the one you think is the best
Right right okay
Anyway Marvin gay 22 Frank Zappa 20 Roy the boys got 19 if we had more that where it's that awful thing that you played
If we had something good like uh you got it
Only the lonely the good wherever's in stock probably
Ah, well now it's a lengthy pressing song
Jerry Garcia 14 Karen Carpenter 13 that surprises me Karen Carpenter's got 13 let's hear for carat let's have some urine for lunch
Morey's give has got 11 more. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry Morris
George Harrison nine Kurt Cobain eight Harry Chapin seven Rick Nelson and buddy Holly and Janice Japanese have five
Don't let me forget to play that Janice Joplin there and Bob Marley's got four mon and Patsy climbs in line
I got three Otis Redding's only got a pair
He's still sitting on the dock of the bay in Del Rey
Waiting for his ship to come in
I don't think I mean with all due respect
Otis Redding was I mean what was the big deal with him that was a good song
Yeah, that's it. Yeah, what else can we say about him he wasn't like oh
He wasn't like Jackie Wilson. I was just about to say I'll come Jackie Wilson's not on there. Oh, sorry
Eric Jackie Wilson Muscoiner how come out of you people called in with the great Jackie Wilson
I noticed it was on that one of those other pulls that Eric fact me
Right got a bunch of votes Jackie Wilson was great higher and higher
Oh
What is wrong with you folks man and they're and they're facts me that all these marginal subhuman people
Some of the names have been facts that I'm embarrassed for you
humiliating and degraded
Stevie Ray. Oh Stevie Ray Vaughan. I'd rather vote for Billy Vaughan
Really Vaughan dot records though he was he was to dot records what Ray kind of was to Columbia
He did all the music on the that we're like on a path boon stuff and he actually had a couple of his sail along
Silvery Moon by uh remember that sure believe on fat and add and add and add with that saxophone
Yeah, he was like a Bubba he was a big saxman. Oh here you go. What about
Maybe your psychic powers are kicking in because here's the fact that says
From Scott and Titusville would generally has something useful, but today made an exception
What about Stevie Ray Vaughan the answer is still no Scott no chance
Or the dead members of Leonard Skinnerd which we had that before no
It's at only if the backdoor street boys would crash into a mountain and doesn't Michael Jackson cow is dead because he sure looks like it
Little on a week side today Scott little wait, but it is gonna be a kind of a week Tuesday
That's what I heard when I was monitoring Mo this morning said it's kind of a week Tuesday
Here's a fast from your favorite Tim Pots which you don't put his name on there because he thinks that uh
I know I know your fax is okay Tim you're not full and made Tim Tim Pots
Pretty soon you won't have no pots to a hissing if you don't cut the crap
It says you probably don't know the first two but they were on top for a while and the musical be missed by millions
I don't know the first two lanes Staley Allison Chanson Steve Clark death leopard you're right
What do you say? No
John Bonham Led Zeppelin boy you ought to see the way he spelled John Bonham
And Keith Moon of the who oh speaking now that's not good to put who people on there right now thought good time
Pete Townsend said uh-uh what about John Antwistle of the who now who just died no
No see a group like that. It's very hard and you know it would be like putting on like Carl or Dennis Wilson from the Beach Boys
Right
Can't do it and besides the who you know besides the lead singer and Pete who is you know the guitarist and writer did you mention Pete Townsend again?
Oh sorry stop it
The BG's have sold more records than any of the group of the Beatles
Not only did they write number one soundtrack of all times and I fever they also wrote the number one single from a soundtrack Greece
And you know I don't know why I wouldn't play that you know I don't know who sings that Olivia Newton John and
They don't sing that yeah, they do
He doesn't even sing it. I think Frankie Valley sings that on the record and in the movie
No, they don't sing that song. They sing summer love it. Oh summer level was on time
uh
Boy if you think I don't like his acting you know to hear what I think about his singing
He has a record you man. Can he sing or what? No
That John Revolta here's another facts with little tiny handwriting on it from Arnold
It said what is with that douchebag
George the spick he acts all cool the nice on the air, but he's rooting up not just when somebody calls on the phone
Right it won't let you get someone in without hanging up
It says if you George you suck if you back on it might all you miserable
This is great. Oh, he's one of many people who wants to have a conversation with me off the air now
We advise you George having a conversation with anybody on here. I immediately throw rocks through the window
Explain that on the air a lot. This is a talk show of hand
The only people supposed to crawl in are either rumour or people who have something to say to me
He's the guy that calls up and says I don't really want to go on the air but and that's not
Arnold Arnold sorry that we don't play that game
If you want to call George I give you his home number and his cell phone
And the number at this motel. He's so nice to you on the air. It's given the number at the phone booth
No Miami were robby young used to live
He says me last week you mentioned the Frank Zappa song titties and beer. It's off the live in the york album. I've noticed for Frank Zappa
But but still that wasn't that album. I had nothing to do with the song that I keep thinking in which I'll play in a minute
It's live at the rocks here something. I you know, I'm sure that song is like a takeoff. I don't know
Maybe I could be wrong but nobody it's a parody on something
PS George I dedicate the song who are you by the who to you because you're so phony with your split personality
Take care Arnold. I guess I guess he's saying take care to me because it says you're on the top. It doesn't mean you take care
He's thinking in your case take a good. See I already did this morning is what the report was and it was great
I do the job I'm supposed to do in whatever room I'm in Arnold
Yeah Arnold
Here's John and Twistle from the Yahoo just died. So what
Excellent facts. Thank you from somebody who's faxed about 600 different names today, but it's having a real good time
That's what we're here for
Just like our good friend Sonny from the market used to say we're here not for a long time, but for a good time
And that's what we're having today a wonderful time
Haven't even cranked out any more of this music yet including a John and Yoko L'Honal
anal on vinyl
5 6 7 0 5 60 I can't believe that Duff actually likes that song. I can't believe that anybody likes that song. Can you?
No, I mean here's number one
Beatles hits and to pick that song there's like 27 hits on here and there's some bubblegum some of the early crap that I really
I really wish this on Hitler
Love me do from me to you
She loves you. You know how they all end like in do and you and me and you and a dog named Boo and do
And goo I'm gonna hold your hand bubblegum
But then can't find me love hard days night. I feel fine eight days a week ticket to ride
hip yet today day tripper we can work it out paperback rider yellow submarine now
I'm gonna rigby penny lane all you need is love hello goodbye lady Madonna lady vagina. Hey Jude yet back
The valid vagina Yoko something come together let it be in the long and winding road
Then there was always why don't we do it in the road on the white out. What's that on the white out? Yes, it was very good
I played that on here in Kalamazoo with Rocky Rikun. Oh, I love Rocky Rikun and Martha my dear. Oh great
Not a lot of people like Martha my dear. Why not? I don't know. It's what's wrong with Martha my dear
Well, you know something tough crap. I think if you don't like Martha my dear. You're probably a communist infiltrator. We're gonna deport you immediately
In fact on the next census what they're gonna do is put a little question on the bottom. They're gonna a little trap
How much do you like Martha my dear by the Beatles and if it isn't like at least a nine on a scale of ten
They're gonna come and take your ass and put you on a rubber raft and get your ass out of here and I say more power to them
Because that's the kind of government we're dealing with now. Yes, you bet
Hey, another year is coming gone. It's the new year and if you want a new you and a new house new looking house
Here's the answer for instead of going out and spending a fortune on brand new carpeting car good buddies
It's a drive concepts. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years
So it's the voice of experience telling you especially. I've seen the job they've done in my mother's house and all over the place
Not just in my place that when they finish cleaning your carpets
It'll look just like you had brand new late in the floor all your friends and family they'll think boy
They got new carpeting in there. They must really been making some big bucks
Like the rumors
Drive concepts is the only service that track clean your carpets your drapes expensive area rugs and believe me like I said
Nobody in the world does a better job. They're certified by the Institute of Inspection Cleaning and Restoration
And they'll leave your carpets completely soil free vibrant and color soft to the touch smelling them any fresh
They dry in a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll again
You'll have the biggest smile on your pussy ever saw in your life
They show up on time and do a stupendous and beautiful job
So don't forget when it's time to clean your carpets your a posterior leather furniture
It's time for dry concepts. You want to get rid of those pet odors or milled-do odors caused by water damage
No problem because dry concepts will do a usual stupendous job for you as always
So pick up that phone and call dry concepts tool free pick it up and one 800 248 507 one
That's one 800 248 507 one or just log on to their website at dryconcepts.com
Trust me when I tell you they're the best in the world
Clean today entertain tonight when you get a great job done for you as they always do by our friends at dry concept
There's a butt. I smell it
And now another additional
What is
Today what if Janice Joplin were an Ava and the lady
Yes, may I help you
Julian next time to find out what would happen is Nancy Reagan lost weight
This bulletin just and it appears that the first lady has disappeared. We're next we ask
What
A perfect cross-brings didn't happen with your decision on mama caz
He says what about the sandwich eating mama caz and also steve you steve you rave on they won't let steve you rave on alone
I didn't I tended at
Erosmith's career was revitalized by run DMC. I thought it was steve you rave on the steve you rave on
Revitalized mama caz's career by yankin at sandwich out of her throat
Yeah, he reached right in there and yanked it out and the sandwich too
So there you go. Okay. Oh, yeah
What am I gonna tell you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t
We got an alert by the way for phony votes alert on Jimmy Hendrix after we had a little thing
And I looked it up in the book we had a Jimmy Hendrix uh flurry there at experience
Yeah, Jimmy Hendrix experience and I think Jimmy Hendrix is getting a big big buzzer in the skies what he's getting from us
Because John Lennon's got 83 and Jimmy Hendrix all of a sudden out of nowhere's got 70 anybody buying that no way
That's all the people out there still do an magic mushrooms that they had shipped in from Amsterdam
Jackie Wilson's on a pool. I don't have any yet. He'll get some five hundred and twelve votes already and most of them seem to be real
Couple of odysreading a pair patty Klein for Janice Chaplin
Rick Nelson and buddy Holly five see that that's just do you realize how ridiculous that is
That Janice Japlin is tied with Rick Nelson and buddy Holly
I mean, it's just outrageous
buddy Holly who wasn't around that long because he died in that plane crash
But he was considered to be one of the early
Pioneers indeed kind of like they be crockered Daniel Boone
Think he came from the same town, but I'm sure you must have had many an argument
And I'd like to point out by the way Elvis Presley's not from Tennessee is from Tuplo, Mississippi
I just mentioned that for the idiots there on the VH1. Oh, anyway, I had arguments about what Janice Chaplin
People argue that point with you all the time. What point you mean the one that the guy said up and then they say oh no
She was great no
All the time really oh she was great great what a great singer a great performer on the same people say that who said the Bruce Springsteen is a singer
Not just a great the fact that they say he's a singer at all. I find very amusing
Couldn't sing as well of a paper sack
And to watch him exploit the tragedy of 9-11 the way he's done and waving the American flag and go through this whole dog and pony show
To try to revive a flagging career if I can use that word just really pisses me off
Bruce Freak and Springsteen
I think he's been blinded by his blight if you ask me
He couldn't lick manford man's ass Irish spring asses. I was just thinking about. Oh Irish Springstees that on here
I think it's ACN. Oh, oh, it's in the thing
It's in your thing
Anyway, the fact that Rick Nelson and the buddy holly have to be saddled with Janice Joplin who's going door to door trying to sell
personal care products to Carlos so we can do sh in the shower in the abat
Seriously, you should see when I want to take a leak a 25 I'll never forget it
And he's got like all these all style the stuff around like he's in home some people bathe before they leave in the morning
Yeah, that's really a good idea at moment
He doesn't have a tub at the house
What is he doing water? We know if he lives like in a place in his car. I think does he live in his car?
Does he have a car he has a car?
Oh, what kind of car does he have?
Little one
Uh, he has a little over at Nelson just moved ahead of Janice Joplin. Thank you whoever did that
Thank you very much if I had a prize to send you. I do we have nothing
Harry Chapin eight George Harrison's out only nine George Harrison's got only nine
What's wrong with you people he died not that long ago
Even if we only wanted to vote on like my sweet lord and uh
What's the other one they would I love?
George Harrison saw the George Martin thing got my mindset on you. Okay, very good. Oh, very good
And there are a lot of people. Oh, that's commercial crap. That's it like that the George Martin
Neo was all that same crap. How was it great? It was great. I played that on Zeta was coming out of my ears at Zeta
Because I loved it
Better than that crap pd uh, bolder one just to play you idiot you assassin you grave robber
Kurt Cobain 10 Morris give 11 Bob Marley's got 11 months he Bob Marley's on air. What do you what you people be talking about
Karen Carpenter's got 13 a lucky number for us and unlucky one for her though
Jerry Garcia's got 16
Roy Orbison 19 Frank's app of 22 I guarantee you will be doing better if we have some good stuff like you got it
You got it Frank's app of 22 Marvin Gaye 24
Uh Jim Krochi 29. Thank you again to muff and uh
Little Robert for the Jim Krochi stuff
He would never gotten that many votes and you want to know what really put him over got him that many votes
What
Big badly broly were a brown. Oh, yeah
Well, this is the kind of place where that would be a most of america is the kind of a place
Oh, yeah, it's great, but it's a little on the red that he said oh my set is in the door again. Don't slam it
It's actually turned the city. I beg your pardon he already told me that I gave him credit
That was a talk-up that will live for the 80s
It was one of those contrived 40 talk-ups Ricky Tiki
five six four
All the time that's that puking thing we got important to read in the magic city that thing
What is that under that thing I were spring thing no no the the the talk-up thing
I think it's under Ricky Tiki. No, it's because that's not Ricky Tiki. You're you're losing it
Just before I really thought you were like making a comeback. That's not under Ricky Tiki
The the cart that it was on had just a question mark on the front liquor remember the label right a question mark on it
Isn't that amazing that we can remember with our brilliant minds all of this unimportant crap
It's almost like remembering Harold Snodgrass
at Hazel Park and
Joe Lighthill and Jack Ackerman and
Jimmy Arthur but at any rate
Here comes Atlanta, Georgia on the outside and here on the far outside is candid Rodney just mowing him down
Remember candid Rodney of course not so real candid one that did that talk up if it wasn't Ricky Tiki
It wasn't him wasn't it was a phone it was a it was a contrile for our benefit
It was somebody at the the coast
Inside the i.o. D. Building. Don't you remember that of course that wasn't right. It wasn't a real thing
And then the burden I were like laughing our oh wasn't it on the phone
It had to be on the phone because that's when we cracked up when he hit the post
Even even the Panthers haven't hit the posters off of course when you only got 12 shots how many times you're gonna hit the post anyway
But hitting the post don't count as a shot. I know that don't call it. It's stuck in me information. Okay. I know my hockey crap
And believe me crap is the word they've been playing a call from Kansas City. Hello
Hey, Neil how you doing pretty good. How about Wilbur Harrison in Kansas City? You bad
I used to live in South Florida listen to you now you get you on the net right hey
Took a little bit of my thunder earlier. I was gonna nominate Carl Wilson
But uh never when you left out really major artists with Sam Cook. Not air just to put him on there
Oh, you did add him on and shame on us. No, that's because somebody faxed him in to remind one of you know there's so many of them you can't
Can't have your thumb on every one now. I'll leave you with one more. I think we did nominate Keith Richards. I mean he's daddy just doesn't know it. Okay
Have a good one. Thanks
And Don I'm a swah he's not a recording artist all we did have an album a couple of them five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of 18
Teen Verizon wireless line
Jackie Wilson we just added on there the list keeps it keeps getting bigger and bigger
That's why we like it. It keeps expanding like like a wild out of control of thing
Where's that thing where um
Yeah, where the hell is that
We're Jennifer says it just keeps getting bigger. Yeah, what's going on with Jennifer by the way
Do we know how they heard from her at a while? I would have thought she would have called after my we heard from Terry Griffin after I might die
And we heard from
Ricky Tiki, which you're knocking now
No, that thing is in there. I just don't know what it's under which is kind of hard to know though
You don't know what it's under. I thought it was Ricky Tiki
All in these years you thought that was Ricky Tiki was a real real Ricky Tiki
But that's what I thought they were making fun of and that's what I thought it was labeled as
No
It had a question mark on the front remember question mark on a mysterious. Oh, I had a feeling he's probably still alive
I'll tell you again. He was from Saginaw, Michigan
Remember we had looked that up because there were others who were questioning my uh
knowledge
My question mark knowledge. I know my question marks. Okay
20 till noon at 5.60 something to QAM
We got the mad dog at one
We got the humber from the triple a arena where the heater losing every game that they play
Well, that was on the road now that they're home they can lose again. You think
probably
Anyway, Hank will be there to try to drum up some interest because there ain't nothing else going on
Seven to ten. You got the big O'Orlando also great to senior bull ten o'clock. It's any K from GA with all the odds
And whether we are I'll show up again tomorrow and Joe and Mark overnight
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM you're trying to figure out where that's at. It's in there
And I never thought I was in it, but I'll find the carts got the big question mark on it
Hey guys the new year is here if your newies resolution is to get out of that crappy data and job and get you a new high-paying computer career
Here's the time to whack today
Fast train is holding a free career seminar tonight at its kindle Miami Fort Lauderdale and Pemberpines locations
It's a free seminar called 1866 fast train to reserve your seat
That's 1866 fast train make 2003 there that you're in a high-paying computer job if you're overworked underpaid or in a real crappy job
This could be the most important 15 minutes of your entire life fast train can have you certified ready for your dream job
And just for short months call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train. They've got convenient day evening and weekend classes for you
Call 1 866 fast train to reserve your seat for this evening. Two night for directions
You can check them out on the web if you'd like at fast train dot com
560
Floridians done as dirt
I found the current by the way say once who okay
I think we got the let me get a little bit more compression going here
The lumpy him also the gravel
That's right fair. Hey 75 degrees in the magic city
Hey, we're broadcasting live hold on a second. Let me let me stuff out of over
75 degrees in the magic city hills and all the great songs
All we already will now come on now with it. We're gonna get down tonight. We're gonna grab you
It's the right time
Okay, so anyway that was uh somebody called to say it was Johnny dark
Oh my god. Are you people out of your minds or what?
Was not Johnny dark?
Here's a fact that says you cannot tell me Keith Richards is actually alive
He should count it also John cannot fly Denver
Scott and Titusville just can't control himself put it back in your pants Scott calm down
Let's see top 21 hit wonders
Now that's the wrong pole okay
I've got the a top 8 million one hit wonders from VH1 so forget about that
Wayland Jennings what do you say no no how about Peter Jennings
He's still alive, but it's hard to tell the way he just kind of like uh, I don't like I don't like ABC news
It's the George Will Network and I won't watch it
Oh, and here's one I guess Bill Cabrine must have called somebody and
Bribed him to the fact that in
So we put around there and on
Dusty Springfield oh
I don't know
I mean that how could how seriously stop a stop and think about the nature of this pool
Here's the question again and a lot of times I'll ask a poll and
I you know we appreciate we get a lot of votes and some of them are even real ones
It's just that you don't look at the question carefully enough stop and think about it take two or three seconds before you hop right in there
And do something stupid like duff talking about the ball of the john yoko, which he apologized for he said he never wants to hear it again as long as he lives
Who who is your all-time favorite dead recording artist dead
Now I get it who would say that dusty springfield that would be like saying
If she dies someday, which he might saline Dion you know
You find some frogs some frog you know we don't frogs aren't allowed to vote in our pool
Okay, we have a frog filter they can croak if they want to but I sure can't vote on our pool
Who is your all-time favorite dead recording artist Elvis
Janice Joplin John Lennon how about the Lennon sisters
How about Lawrence or well, huh Lawrence about what what's that thing we got in there? Oh, I know what we got you know, I never play it
Oh, don't tell me it's not in here. What is that under G dead is it under G dead? Oh, we're let's sir. I
Don't I don't see it
How come it's in my DCS in Toronto when it's not in the one here? Oh
Because it's the guy's name who said that
No, it's not a Florence Welk. No, it's not
It's not in here. It's in there, but it's not Lawrence Welk who said that. Oh, it's a Stan freeberg. There it is
It's still I see what you saying. It could be possibly be understand freeberg
So you always do that to it's not maybe it's under freeberg
I don't think it's in here and you're just making up all kinds of stories. It's not in there you lied George lied
Anyway, can I get back what what what that was I doing Jimmy Hendrix by the way overlook some of those votes under because I I catch that in a heartbeat
You're not a fool in this old queen. I'll take it out right now
That's what the Freddie Mercury would say if he could
Elvis Janice jobling John Lennon. I want to keep saying the Lennon sisters. I don't know why it's just the way he used to say it now the Lennon's
sister
That's the crowd from winmore that comes over there to pompino park especially went on the Monday nights when we have the free spaghetti dinner
They come from winmore and from what's the other place up there that cemetery village
What's the other geriatric uh hotbed
winmore and there's one other one well there are two cemetery villages no no there's in pop it or there's another one another one
Somebody will call George Harrison Roy Orbison Jim Morrison Jimmy Hendrix Mori Morris Gibb
Stop calling him a Reese already, okay? Mo Gibb
Marvin Gaye Jim Croci oh Jim Croci
Better than a walking car
Me know that your car
How do you roll your camera? I think if they want to have a true test of a patriotism that everybody should stand up
And anybody who raises their hand and says they don't like Jim Croci immediately deported that would satisfy papu can
And I think he's a little bit unhappy the love you folks came in Georgian Carlos
Jim Croci buddy Holly
You like buddy Holly sure why not we like buddy. He's a little overrated. I would say though
How many hits did buddy Holly have before he died
Peggy Sue that'll be the day that was buddy Holly in the crickets what else
Let me look it up in a book just because we don't want to be scientific
What else I mean he did die in a very young age and it was gonna be bigger than life itself
I guess he was extraordinarily ugly like Roy Orbison I think that helps
I think that helps a lot oh look at all them uh hits on here
But not big ones see
Peggy Sue that oh boy that's right oh boy
Maybe baby
Raven oh yeah think it over pools paradise early in the morning real wild
Heartbeat it doesn't matter anymore rating in my heart and someday when I'm gone from you oh Bobby V in the crickets
That must be after that plane crash
Bobby V remember Phil Henry hated Bobby V remember that I got very upset that day
And I admitted he was right and Bobby V sucked but at any rate no I like Bobby V's one song not remember
We're not uh not remember what was the one song yet
The night has a thousand eyes is the one I like but the other one other one it was horrible
Remember ball was the circle which we just got through here and on they want to okay on there
Oh I better cue that up again
Because you know next time we go to play that huh
And you see you asked me if it was on a card couldn't you tell by how money it sounded
Because it's gonna sound muddy we have a we have a we have a contest going on between the cart and the cart machine rubber ball
Rubber we see I had my balls confused
Yeah, I had my balls all screwed up there rubber ball
By Bobby V and red rubber ball was by the circle jerk. It's wrong with you
5 6 7 on ton you the music stuff that we do I just get blown away in fact
I think we're changing format to all music
Starting right now okay
I mean if it was good enough for Q and back in the old days not guarantee our signals probably a lot better now than it was then because our crack engineering department
Aren't there on crack
I said your hoodie was got a big crack. I'm sure that cuz he's basically like a lot. I don't want to I don't want to think about when who you'll bend over
Especially if you're like downwind can you imagine can you imagine when the fact people in this building cut oh cut loose
Man oh man. Oh man. Can you imagine being downwind from fat boy?
Whoo talk about heavy duty
Good golly miss Molly. How about little Richard he's still alive. He's still preaching it
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the pain no attention to those Jimmy Hendrix folks under he's gonna get de-cued
He's gonna get back for a lacton break at the wire and get knocked down a couple of notches
And by the way anybody speaking at lacton break at the wire who tells me that Randy Waples ain't a great driver
And that's the drivers in the Ontario
Whatever they call it the Ontario D. O. J. C. Circuit
Aren't great. I know it's just having fun with me like Dick Feinberg was doing last night
Dick Feinberg by the way will share with you some of the acid that they dropped in his coffee last night at the track
He was talking all kinds of stuff
When he started telling me about what a great driver Dave Ingram was at that point. I didn't know what it'll laugh for cry
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a call online one that don't have nothing next to it George. Hello
Where's this from? I don't know. Here's a call from somewhere
Is that me? That's you. Where are you calling from sir?
All right, well I wouldn't tell anybody either
Okay, well I know some of the details about that uh the aerospace misresurrection and run DMC go right ahead the actual
They put him back on a map is what I'm hearing
Well sort of the actual resurrection happened long before the Armageddon soundtrack in 1989
With songs like ragdoll and jane he's got a gun right great right before that though before we saw
Uh the band again on mpv run DMC read it that song and had aerospace myths are in it
So they didn't really have anything to do with it
They just kind of showed us Steven Tyler right before David Gesson resurrected aerospace with the jane you've got a gun and everything there you go
Uh can I ramble a quick conspiracy before I hang up it's only two seconds sure go right ahead
Okay, the term british invasion actually originated from the CIA to represent British artists whose lyric some of their lyrics
We're originally intended to work on the minds of a few assassins living in the United States
But that all ended when the CIA used their own assassins marked David Chapman to kill John Lennon
Who didn't know the origin of some of the people's lyrics and was super enough to stay living here
All right, okay
Did you know that the CIA killed John Lennon off until the small but I never knew that
Roger Whitaker
So
He belongs out there
The box he just let him right oh
Com air here's the vacuum com air is the place
Didn't he do garrantone
The factions are getting better by the minute folks
Anybody that picks on Steve Tyler's gonna have a call over my big fat smelly body. I'll tell you that right now
Okay, Steve Tyler is god right next to
That's right
Great I still don't understand anybody doesn't like their music. What what is there to knock about their music?
Huh, I mean, I realized not everybody likes fish food or rocky road ice cream
But how could you not like hero Smith explain that to me in addition to which I discovered and I found this out the hard way over the years every time
We talk about music that the people who dislike them dislike them intensely. It's not like just a hate them
I don't I don't know maybe they figured like they're competing with somebody that they like I don't have any idea
Just that the people who don't like hero Smith hate them
Both of them
Now here I was trying to thank thank goodness for duff here because this is his one area of expertise is this corny old music
Him and Bokeh Bryant, but somebody faxes blew on blue by Bobby Vinton
Ha, which isn't exactly Bobby V. He's got Bobby Vinton the Polish prince confused with Bobby V
What do you laugh at about that's what he's known as the Polish Prince? I know all about okay, sure
It's almost enough to inspire me to pray the god the godfather polka
Don't you think and on a body event who's still alive by
Oh
It's four minutes till noon by I love that I just absolutely excuse me in a right mood, you know it and by the way that having been said the godfather polka
I just want to mention a conjunction with that a mole were monitoring you here on the show
Here's the facts from Phil and Coral Springs who says the other geriatric joy this pomegranate thank you just got it and how about Casselius they insist on mama Cass
Huh?
I mean it's free to put her out here there she might get what how about her sister
If we got job rule how about jamama
What do you say mama? Okay, let's put her on there see what happens put big fat mama Cass on there Eric don't listen to these guys
Okay, you're just doing a out of prejudice
That
Well, that's right Carlos just reminded me the Papa John just croaked sure long ago Papa John from the pizza place
I know he died. I know he loved John Sebastian. Let's put him on there. All right, well he he belongs on there more than mama Cass
He wasn't some fat old slob that ate too many slommy sandwiches and choked on John Sebastian was pretty good musician
Sure
Let's put John Sebastian on there. What do you say and then maybe we'll put Joel Sebastian on there later
Man was he a good dish jockey Joel Sebastian. I loved him
Let's play some more that DJ stuff
Okay, no, I mean it's just it's just a joke
Well, you're just you're brutal. You're really right. All the things that that one factor said about you
He didn't even come close
So we're putting mama Cass on there and who else and Joel and Joel. I mean a John Sebastian
You don't even know who Joel Sebastian was he was on WSYZ in Detroit
He was he was a this jockey was on Ckl W and Detroit
He was on I think I'm WCFL
And it was also on WSYZ in fact once upon a time WSYZ in their heyday is a rock station in Detroit
All the guys in their head at same kind of like I'm not how to describe the throaty
They had a kind of like Phil Henry you know that throaty kind of sound fills got their real gravity
Yeah, no not gravely, but like a rich Joel Sebastian sound like that and Lee Allen also the guy don't see that was on the weekend
And then he went to Ckl W I believe would Dave Schaeffer and dead babies
Two minutes till noon at 560 W if you're back isn't feeling away
It should then the rest of you probably feels like crap too get yourself a great new mattress for the new year and for a long time to come
Do the smart thing for once any like don't be a sucker
Don't get sucked in by the bedding and department stores and paying all that extra cash when you can just make one easy call and be sleeping like a child
A no time to dial a mattress call 1 800 MATT RES
And they'll have you sleeping like a baby all year long and they carry only the best name at brand mattresses in the world
They got them all silly
Serda Simmons King Coral and every size and style when you call 1 800
Mac Triss you'll be talking with an expert bed and consult will hook you up with exactly the kind of bed you and your back like and as far as deliveries concerned
Beatable you get to choose the time and date that they show up and they do show up exactly on time
And you pick the two-hour window when it's convenient for you
Bellamattress prides itself on their 99% on time record
Which is just one of many reasons why they're ranked numeral uno for overall customer satisfaction
And kelby sleep at on one Georgia's and I'm sleeping on a dial mattress too and loving every second of it
Call that tool for your number 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATT RES the perfect way to start off a new year with a great new name brand mattress and unbeatable price for you and your back
We're sports radio 560
UAM
Oh
This is Rosie O'Donnell and the clock am I stomach says it's the Neil Rogers 12 the one hour and the way we go
Hundreds of people suffer with this strange affliction
Sinking deeper and deeper and uncontrollable depression, but now there's help
Introducing the bachelor at recovery center brief stricken roseless bachelor rats find comfort and solace in each other
Hi, I'm Heather from Texas
I love the bachelor almost right away when I didn't get the rose
I thought of kidnapping him putting him in my basement, but security quickly led me out before I could get to my duct tape
Since I've been here at the bachelor's for it recovery center. I've realized I am not alone
Hi, I'm Kristy from Idaho. I fell in love with the bachelor within minutes
I've been in several relationships, but they never seem to work out the last five guys I dated
Serve themselves off bridges four of them live which is good
I'm still not totally over my obsession with the stranger in the house
That's what I call him, but through my time here at the BRC
I realize I'm not the only crazy insecure knife-wielding sociopathic woman alive
Thanks, girls. Hey, I used to one. I'm Ralph. Hey, maybe some of you girls recognize me
You know, I was a caterer on the set of the bachelor and as soon as I saw him I had to have him
But unlike use ladies. I never even had a chance to get a rose. He never knew I was alive
I mean except for that one day when he came up to my roach coach
I rise men and he said he's got any skittles
I clamped up like one of them
clams
I still think about him a lot
Especially when somebody asked me hey, he's got any skittles the bachelor at recovery center is a nonprofit organization
dedicated to the rehabilitation of heartbroken sociopaths call today
Discus your free no obligation evaluation at the bachelor at recovery center
We believe it's not a crime to be crazy
Feel free and fight don't step on me again, please 12 or three at five sixty WQM John Phillips not John Sebastian's
Sebastian still alive John Phillips that who did that who said that you
Well, we met John Phillips
That's what we met. Yeah, well, we got him because you John Sebastian's from the Leven Spoonful
John Phillips was from the mamas and the poppers, okay, John Sebastian is still alive. What thought he was
Because you said it
You're the one that said a carlo said it
You said John Sebastian was dead. We were talking about Papa John and you said John
Wait a minute no Papa John. I said the pizza guy. I was talking about
John Phil no, but he was agreeing with me. You're both agreed with me
He agrees with everything you say
I knew we were talking about Papa John, but I thought since you said John Sebastian that he was dead also
Now we were talking about mama cast Mama's and a poppers. Okay. I don't know
Monday Monday
Miss lady I have another sandwich
John so we apologize profusely John Sebastian of course is still alive
We apologize to his friends and family. We don't want to do an Alex Bennett Steve Kane thing there
But John Phillips is dead from the mamas and if I guess I got another one I found here
Hey, it goes to show you that we could probably cure this pull on for about six months and just might do it
Because there are so many dead recording artists and so little time
Oh, no
Good one Neil. Thank you
Tommy Chan I mean
Still
Del Shannon not putting them on Eric. We can't put them all on there
But I just I just mentioned him in passing which he did blew his brains out
How because of that runaway remake that he did remember that? Yeah, it was runaway
65 or 75 or whatever that was here is Pete ham singer for bad finger. I love bad finger man
Just like what your house is I love bad finger
Like a little ketchup salt
But anyway, I can't do that. It was a great movie excellent movie the hitcher
A lot of you folks never saw it and you really missed out. That's when Tom C. Thomas Hall
Was doing it see dick run right
I was a good movie to hit you were a little on the gory side probably out of you with
Christmas when I see that especially when he tied that brought up in between the two trucks with a rope
Jennifer Jason Lee five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T on somebody has taken the trouble
Which I appreciate profusely of putting the other a very elaborate series of factors here that show the
Well, they got like little characters, you know like little a matchstick kind of like characters here for all the
Different people who died. It's got Jeff Polcaro of total of a heart attack from cocaine
Total, huh Danny rep from Danny in the juniors suicide age 41 up until this moment. I never knew that did you know that no?
I'll be done
Well, that quick one nice roll. Thank you
Oh
At the hot
He's dead
Why why would somebody from Danny in the junior? I guess because at the hop was their only hidden
I mean they might have had something else marginal
I guess I could look it up just you know because you're a pain in the ass giving me that look
That look like you're about Danny in the gym. Yeah, why not? What do you got against them now? They ever do anything to you?
No, look at this they had a whole bunch of stuff there in fact if muffled one out to his four hour lunch right now
I think he's doing liquid lunch today at the hop
Number one for seven weeks. How do you like that? Huh number one for seven weeks and you're making fun of Danny in a freaking juniors mister
Vocal group form while the high school filled off in 1955 is the juvenaires
Their music was a little bit juvenile and they were the juvenaires
Danny rap was the lead singer David white first tenor frank mafe
Second tenor and Joey Tiranova, Bertone remember that the next time when somebody calls him when you say that you're a Danny in the juniors expert
when I ask you who the drummer was
The drummer was um somebody
White later joined the spokesman. Oh, he must know a Brian Murray the spokesman appeared in the 1958 movie
Let's rock rep committed suicide on four five eighty three at the age of 41
For he's been deadly they had rock and roll is here to stay remember that rock and roll is here and all the songs had that same kind of like pretty crappy sound
Dottie I liked Donnie was pretty good. I knew you remember that do you know I do Donnie was okay with reach number 39
Twisted USA pony express back to the hop they kept hopping on it
Like like chubby checker in the twist which you've even based on 48 times and every time was a hit
Let's twist again like we did last summer. Let's twist again like we did last winter. Let's twist again like we did last spring
Let's twist it in the Yankee and pull it then you do some peppermint twist that was you reading the starlight. Sorry
Twisted all my long by Danny in the juniors. Oh, I'm telling you my psychic powers are spectacular. They're unbelievable
Do the do in the kind that'll walk in ula la limbo. Oh that reached number 99
And I think that was the that was the end for them
But was that before oh yeah, that was long no wonder we committed suicide
Now that their last hit was in 63 and I say hit very loosely and this kid committed suicide in
83 so 20 years after they hit and I hit on the charts. He finally said well. That's it. We're done
Sorry about that Danny. In juniors, you were okay by me. They were kind of like you know they reminded me a little bit of
They were like the four runner of the new kids on a block
Is that what when you laughing about like that's a joke? That's very serious analization of my musical
Prispication I don't know the rest of the sound like mo now you know what I said?
How he talks, but you got to be more emphatic when you're a little bit more emphatic and a little bit more
Bum vestic you're right and patented
You better watch yourself mister. He's gonna start monitoring your ass
And your tongue too. Okay, speaking of ass
Nine minutes past noon at 560 WQM on a spectacular Tuesday, man
This is a this show today is so good at how to be in the time capsule. I bet you dick Clark or a whole bunch of other dicks
I would like to record this and put it in the time capsule
For all time because it is so it is right on it, man
Dell Shannon
And if you talk real nice to me, I'll even look it up in the book and give you the day. They're right the rub down on his deal
Not anymore. You're not
Wow in
1934 in Cooper'sville, Michigan died on 281990 a self-inflicted gunshot wound with US army get up and uh
What with US Army get up and go radio show in Germany discovered by Ann Arbor DJ producer
Oli McLaughlin formed on burly label in 1963 wrote I won't go to oh I go to pieces for Peter and Gordon
How do you like that? Did you know that you wrote I go to pieces for Peter and Gordon
He had run away hats off the lary
Uh little town flirt. I mean there were some other ones on here, but so obscure little town flirt reach number 12 handyman
I thought Jimmy Jones is a handyman. I guess he redone it and that was you know once he redone it
Uh keep searching that was pretty well follow the sun. Do you remember that? Oh, I wish I had that
I like that song alive
Maybe Bokeh Bridal bird. Don't you remember keep searching follow the son uh the son uh yeah
Yeah follow the son
Well, what is that the son I said Bokeh Bridal
Bokeh Bridal he just walked in the door. I told you I'm transferring my psychic powers over to Georgia a little bit not too much though
I don't like to share
Stranger in town the big hurt see a love this doesn't even have uh had uh run away uh
Didn't even have the second one probably because he didn't to make the charts. That's why blues brains
He said I'm done. That's it
Leaven after noon at five sixty WQM on a very musical Tuesday
We want to thank everybody for their tremendous participation. They we got
655,000 votes on the poll many of them real ones amazingly enough
John Lennon 96 Jimmy Hendrick 76 bogus frank son after 65 and from there on down
So after it still keeps hanging in there that old cude
And like I said earlier in the show there's nothing more dangerous than an old cude
Old cudes and young cudes can enjoy the pizza law for two locations in brown now the original Davy location there
That's on university drab between rift and five 95 right our kitty corner the armadillo cafe and the pizza law plaza right behind
Pier one imports with tons of free parking with delicious great food unbelievably big portions teeny tiny prices
Everything is cooked to order fresh and delicious and when I say to order boy that's important because you don't want soggy pasta
You don't want overcooked stuff you want to cook fresh and believe me you'll taste the difference and they've got the best garlic rolls in the world
Three different kinds of great pizza every pasta dish under the sun. They do a great job of catering
They have take out they have delivery for any of that stuff called 954 916 888
954 916 888 so the pizza loft blimp last now what I was going to the track
I mean to play whatever the hell it thing is and
In westbrow out there by me the good news is they got a brand new pizza loft in plantation
I'm a quarter of knob hill in sunrise right beyond Walgreens and for the same great food same teeny tiny prices
And the same big amazingly good consistent portions all the time
3a 299 is that number for take out delivery and catering in westbroward 954 3a 299
The prices are so low you ought to begin to get a ticket a whole gang in for a real Italian feast
Several times a week at the world famous pizza loft now with two spectacitor-broward locations
George here's the definitive facts from four Myers listening on the internet as usual slim Whitman and Peter lemon jello
Anybody have a heart or a liver
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die from being able to make
Ditto to do
I should ever eat McDonald's a big back mostly trapped inside my bowels
How can you die from impacted thoughts
You're let these moody doctors in
Now my heart stops you schwarz at sign I for my intestines
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami with the kind of service you can get in this town
I would act to be too far wrong
If I need to eat that wrap I swallow
Why can't you let me so you can ask why can't you lose us get it right
My bowels were blocked inside my hiding can make my church go out
It's
Now we're talking
A dream lover will come my way
Girl
Know the magic
My
And you know we're talking before but I thought you went to lunch he couldn't he couldn't leave
He just have a chair in the room there with you he should just sit there with you
He's so wrapped up with is that he's just his obsessed with this he can't handle it
How about this how can we have left this out talking about Bobby Derm shame on you George
Huh shame on you miss it. No, he didn't you did
I know I didn't either you mentioned
I heard it earlier. I heard it. I didn't see no
John Shannon what about him?
Tommy Shannon. Oh, Delphine. Keeps. What are you saying John's a bastion from just
And not only that but how about this
Please pass I was taking them there
You bet call us this thing that's why he was in a bath and the other thing that now thanks
This one
Splash
Now let me ask you did we actually put Bobby Dermon on there or not because if we didn't I'm really ashamed of you
I think you talk me out of it
That's seriously did we put him on there or not I think not
Oh, you know what happened? Voka Brankham in here in the middle and all these spots all of these spots all of my copies in here like all bald up
But it was well worth it. It had to price where the hell is my list George
Did we ever put Bobby Dermon Bobby Dermon is on there
What
What what is he saying?
Nothing that was just this whole big thing going on in here. I thought we might want to share it. Oh yeah
What we are over we even dropped a little bit on that
But I was busy looking for Bobby Dermon. He's on her. How's he doing on our polls matter fact? Come on Bobby
Why are he's good Bobby Dermon he ain't doing too good now, but he's let's see
Huh he probably can sing better than uh
Stevie Ray Vaughan
Let's see I don't I don't see no Bobby Dermon. I am getting a little bit suspicious of what happened here, you know
I'm looking I'm looking maybe this is one that Eric missed. Oh, I don't see Bobby Dermon on there Eric. Uh-oh
Do you see it? I don't see it more as Gibb Kurt Cobain George Joharison
Roy Orbison
John Lennon who was murdered by the CIA
Uh, I don't see no Bobby Dermon. I've got it written right down here. It's right under Bob Marley
So if you're looking for Bobby Dermon just lift up Bob Marley and you'll find his ass to right out of the dreadlocks
Right he was great Bobby Dermon. We better get that on the right way Eric before people start laughing at us
Just during our credibility what little we have left working on this day
Guys, did we talk about this one? Yes, I don't like it's up for us. This is corny. I don't like corny but
Where the fuck
Oh, this is the one that must be in front of the right
We have one on the side but this one on the other hand
Great
You can talk about you
This is great. You remember this?
How far is this?
You hear that love by Queen
I got some pretty good ideas
Gay
Oh
Thanks to welcome Brian for bringing in Bobby Dermon and what's left of them anyway
Yeah, let's get that on there right away. It's a good thing. I double checked on that one
As if in an idiotic taking that pull without Bobby Dermon
Indeed, what do you think about Del Shannon to be on Adam on there
He's not on there. No all those hits
He had three or four good it. He certainly had as many hits as some of the other stiffs we got on here
Oh, he belonged under one of these other people like mama Cass
Did we actually put mama Cass? I don't know. I better check out okay
Mama La Cass
She ain't on there. I think Eric went out to lunches
Check he wasn't doing heavily. I don't see no mama Cass. I don't see no Bobby Dermon. I don't see no
Who is it?
Del Shannon Tommy Shannon
You know from Tommy Shannon he used to be on WKVW with Joey Reynolds and Buffalo and then he went to WSYZ and CKLW and Detroit
Tommy Shannon
In fact Joey Reynolds and Tommy Shannon were the managers of most of the group
That they ripped off the rock and rebel the rock and rope
Look at Brian. What is happening with him? Oh broke up Brian. Yeah, wow. We can't I got a ringer in while we can
In fact, we used to have that on a cart. It wouldn't surprise me at all if it was in the uh, not in there
I'll be damned while well. I had a card on that. That was a good song too while it was on swan records remember that
Wild Wikin by the rock and rebels and Joey and Tommy somehow they never got they never got one penny
That song was released out a how many times in fact
Let me look it up in a book
What was that you were playing more more more
It's here a lot less less less so whatever you were playing
Oh, I like that uh, what am I looking for the rock and rebels now?
See nobody knows this but unless you're from Buffalo and if you're from Buffalo, congratulations for getting out
I see the savers just filed for chapter 8 9 10 11 12 and 14
So that's two teams within just a week's period of time the Ottawa Senators and the Buffalo savers and Gary Betman says uh, oh, we're fine
Yeah, right good luck to you Gary. Okay. You got big tourists man big tourists see the rebels rock and rebels. It's a see the rebels
Okay, let's see the rebels want to see the rebels
Red hot chili peppers that what was the guy that died from the Red Hot Chili peppers? Nobody. Yeah, they did
Yeah, they did in fact, I have a fact I have a fact here somewhere which I think I probably threw out
Uh you see you're learning something every day. How about Brian Jones from their stones?
Drought in the swimming pool
Yeah, age 27 because that's a hundred years ago
Uh Bobby fuller the Bobby fuller four oh no
Suicide by drinking gasoline
When I looking for
Uh somebody from the Red Hot Chili Peckers uh, what is it?
I don't see it
But there definitely was one on here. I couldn't possibly have made that up
Grand Parsons from the birds that are heart failure after massive alcohol abuse. It only needs a 26
Paul Butterfield of the Butterfield Blues band age 44 drugs and alcohol. This is a really good job here that somebody done for me
Uh John Chipelina liver failure who now was John Chipelina. We don't know who that is. You know who it is. No
Rod McRod McCurrent of the grateful dead alcohol because of roses at age of 27
Boy 27 20 look at these ages here man. This is grotesque. There ought to be a log against this
Fill ox
Suicide by hanging age 35
Sid Vicious we want to put him on there. No, we're still for messenger service
Lena whatever it is
I beg your pardon quick silver messenger service for John Chipelina. Oh
What does that have to do with the red hot chili peck doesn't?
I saw it on here myself only moments ago and I can't find the damn thing which really just it makes you feel like you're losing it, you know
Smashing pumpkins heroin overdose. Oh here you go. Kill all slowback red hot chili peppers heroin overdose age 25
See you're wrong. George is wrong. It's the big buzzer
Prove it. Nobody's perfect even though you've come up with some amazing. I mean, oh you didn't get branded
See when I thought you'd get up at a rock and rub as uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, who you know
You don't know your rock and rebels in Buffalo radio mister. He would talk about it all the time Joey
What I had to do those and what what he says what what he's saying. I don't know. I had to tune down
Joey would talk about the rock and rebels all the time and pretend that maybe those guys actually really got paid
He was a pain in the ass is what I heard. I am that him right. Yeah
He would talk about that rats up your ass or whatever that's rats in my room. Yeah, that was him and Tommy Shannon rats in my room
That was a real song believe it or not
And of course every time he and Bill Marshall were in the studio George was thinking rats in our room
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line got 100 open lines now again
Well, that's because we're rambling now, but I like when we're rambling because we're hearing good music
I
Take back what I said before he was pretty damn good Bobby Dermod, but you were name and beyond the sea. That's
fat
I didn't like his corny stuff. I liked his uh upbeat stuff like that
Dream lover. Well dream lover was not beat but it was great. That was a good song. I was his best song. Is there any argument about that? No
See it's always a good way to win an argument is like to close the debate before anybody else has a chance at like
Sorry times up
26 pet now. What about Dusty Springfield? We put a runner to pacify bokeh brine because I better check this list here because Eric is left
The building oh there he goes. You got Del Shannon mama Cass
Bobby Deren's already got a vote. He just went on her. We apologize to the Bobby Deren fans profusely
What about Dusty Springfield? Let's put a runner just to make bokeh brine happy since he was kind enough to bring in some of this really crappy
I mean great old music did we ever put John Phillips pop a John Phillips on there John Phillips Suza
Hey, we're just playing John Phillips. No, he don't have no John Phillips on here. Of course not. They're not gonna know who that is
Are they we didn't I mean we did but you think they'll know who that is mom is in a popus if you say pop a John Phillips
Then they'll know they'll think it's time to order a pizza
27 past what do we think about pop a John's pizza? Well, let's not talk about it
27 past no we know that they're still over there on the uh say 9 speed causeway
Right up the street from where Sonny's market used to be. We're so sorry Sonny
See in Toronto, eh you think he's still alive Sonny? I'm sure
He was a good guy, you know very good little bit uh, I don't know how to say it misguided
Yeah, a little bit of bad business judgment
I would say after all those years expanding while the neighborhood was turning into a toilet
But nevertheless florists are still there our close personal friends in sponsor florists
Which shows you how great they got to be
They're about the only ones left in that hood which is a shock have you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have
What it done something what you've passed on it made a bad mistake. Don't do it again
Because here's an incredible fanny main mortgage rate at 3.45% out there just waiting for you the rates available like calling financial group toll free at 1-800-9-4053-63
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45% you'd save 3500 bucks in the first year low for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe
A hundred thousand bucks is only four hundred and forty seven a month
Here's an opportunity that won't last it's a 40 year low
So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home call financial group toll free
1-800-9-4053-63 the process is simple and the call is absolutely positively free
1-800-9-40-L-E-N-D financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers with this fanny main program
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you wait too long
5.34 APR call financial group today at 1-800-9-40-L-E-N-D
5.34 APR call financial group toll free at 1-800-9-40
5.34 APR call financial group toll free at 1-800-9-40
Y'all need any pressure to see
So I don't want the right thing
Y'all took his plate of full array of bread
If he had a license maybe he wouldn't have died
The air is where he'd rather stay
Rather to drop him into the bay
Love's to his license because he had a few
If he couldn't drive then maybe he shouldn't have flew
He'll tour
The tour
Till the air
Ain't fair
But he lost his life and no one really cares
Remember this golden gasser
Wonderful WQAM
Oh
You
By
I
Think that's more than enough don't you we're not putting him on every TV. I was bidding to the deserves like honorable mention
Don't you think you mentioned it honorably okay, and I'll tell you somebody else that we're not gonna put on there
But deserves very honorable mention and somebody faxed it to me. It's one for the money
Two for the show for the weekends
We to get ready and I don't
Guys
Worked on Fox Network you could have worn a lot of pancake makeup. It's 26 to one at five sixty W. We got the mad dog
And one we got hang from the American Airlines arena. We got the big from the wherever that is the senior bowl
And then we got Eddie K from GA to give you the odds and whether everybody shows up again tomorrow and
Joe and Mark overnight talking about pomp and opark and how great a job Brian's here is doing and how Mickey McNicholane all that
Well, he's is what he is
98 votes for John Lennon who is your favorite all-time dead recording artist poor John Lennon was knocked off by the CIA
Who else was probably off by the CIA besides the Kennedy?
Who else to think was an ocean provocateur?
Jim Morrison, he was probably kidnapped. He's he's probably being held somewhere in the South of France
Don't you think sure that island?
Yeah, the one where they sent Napoleon is that elbow elbow. Uh-huh. I
Do like elbow macaroni John Lennon 98 Jimmy Hendrix 79 a lot of those phony by the way
I noticed they've slowed down a little bit because we were on them Frank Sinatra 68
Frankie Panky Jim Morrison only 51. What's the matter with you folks? Huh?
Well again, I'm asking who's your all-time favorite and you're just telling you your tastes is in your tush
I mean anybody would pick Frank Sinatra over Jim Morrison has got to be over the age of a hundred
Elvis 45 like you know, he's a men's amends with Elvis in his cry like they can take him or leave him underline the leave him part
Freddie Mercury 39 Jim Krochi 31
Marvin Gaye 29 Frank Zappa 25 who still doing a doing it on down with Bobby Brown where's he going down on?
Uh Roy Arbison 24 Bob Marley 24 Karen Carpenter 19 come on. Let's bring Karen in for lunch tomorrow
What do you think I'd play like a little carrot Carpenter stuff at the end of the show?
I like the Carpenter is just fine, but you have to be in the right mood for it. Are we in the right mood for it now? No?
I'll let you know when I'm in the right. No, I mean you know Ray any days and Monday plus she was awfully butz on you know boy deep boys
He had a real deep voice like kind of like Ann Marie
KNS Mos macho Ann Marie Karen Carpenter or Janet Reno? Oh, Ann Marie had more facial or Martina never a Talova Ann Marie has facial hair
I don't know if she has it right now
There is as funny you should mention that because there is an infomercial I keep seeing about Ann Marie's greatest hits and you're right
She hasn't shaved in about six months
And her face either
Jim Krochi 31 Marvin Gaye 29 Frank Zappa 25 Bob Marley 25 Roy Arbison 25 a three-way tie there
Karen Carpenter and I guess how we did that during our C18 George Harrison 16
Kurt Cobain 14 they just like Kurt Cobain because it rhymes with cocaine because they we know that Nervana sucked
I'm sorry
more more more is give 12
Harry Chapin's got nine you need me want to put him on there. Harry Chapin. I didn't you say you'd rather go out in the speed corner
Call a taxi for Carlos. We can go in place where they got like a real shower
What'd it be nice if you could actually take a shower sometime Carlos?
Maybe that's why he keeps offering to come to my house and fix my computer now
I got two showers in my house. You can't use either one of them
Janice Joplin 7 Patsy Klein 6 Rick Nelson 6 buddy Holly's got five Sam cooks only got three
Boy oldest Reading appear Bobby Deer and Scott one and we put these on late editions, but they don't have any votes yet
Jackie Wilson mama Cass bell Shannon dusty springfield have all got the big put them all together
You still got the big how do you like them apples?
Here's the facts that says
Please don't forget about Mary Wells with their many hit records and Laura Nero a brilliant songwriter singer for example
It's gonna take a miracle. Well, guess what Greg this is a different Greg
It's gonna take a miracle for us to put Laura Nero on there when you say I'd rather put Peter Nero on there
Remember Peter Nero? No, I bet you Bokeh Brian does used to tinkle on a piano and RCA records
Bokeh Brian said he was a pianist he was a pianist how about Roger Williams and Jane Morgan, huh and two different worlds
Mary Wells, what do you think I could put a runner, but we won't we don't want to like overdo it and have like a hundred names on there
Although we easily could Mary Wells
Made Bokeh Brian says yes, okay put Mary my guy
He says Mary Wells is my kind of guy put my guy on there. Mary Wells. She's dead
Plus don't forget the stuff she did with Marvin's gay
Right and as long as you're talking about Marvin Gaye we could have put Tammy Torella on there
But I don't think so you want to know why because Tammy Torella I don't think I'd erode and she have any hits on a rone Tammy Torella
Not that we know of I could look it up in the book, but if so marginal at best we like Tammy Torella a lot
Right didn't we like her a whole lot? Yeah, and what about Kim Weston is she still a lot named a community in South Florida after
Huh and they also named a the head of North Korea after her too
Kim oh
Bill John
Anyway, he's a douchebag. It's what the president said he said he gives him the willy's he asscares him
21 till one at five sixty WQ am
This is 4205
Welcome back to another fine installment of the Malafoicious
More how would it even show we can take your emails now
So it's like a figure to smash book and a computer
So click him oh
click that yeah shut your mouth and compute and over here
Now email all the like finger this thing up
You know none of this would have been necessary if they didn't wedge me in between two non-spots and just shows
Yeah, what's wrong with this piece of crap?
They got a coil over here, Moe
Yeah, what?
Oh
Access your email. I don't know I click this I click that I put the thing in the thing
Why isn't it coming to me to show you guys how to perform
Can you ask for the
Comments
Big that we're
Hey, pal, but I said wedge I didn't mean the sandwich
I don't associate with anyone associated with the tight smoke
Ah
We got an email. Oh
You suck ago bring back Rick and Suddha
Who's Rick and Suddha
They're ruining those guys. I'm all anybody neat. Wait, wait. It's another one. This one says a
Moe blows
They're bring back Rick and Suddha
There we are
What I would
It crashed Moe
Am I that damn it work you bastard
Stupid
Stupid
Stupid
That's what you did I heard you have in computer Greek so I thought you're not a felkin, aren't you?
I don't need your help get out of here you bummed
Okay, dude you don't want me to help you with the computer. Guess that means I got a rapier
That chance of punk like you
Mom dude comes on my private sky dude you got a boat
Oh
Yo, yo, you're gonna rate move
We're hopping in the time machine
What's coming on and
Here's the golden
One two three o'clock four o'clock rock
Five six seven o'clock eight o'clock rock
10 11 o'clock 12 o'clock rock we're going to rock around
I'm so ashamed that you George how can you leave that I mean the modern rock and roll era well not so much right?
I mean you know
There was the a creator of it the inventor the founder the end of course by accident
He had no idea what was all about he went over to Germany. I saw his biography also a few weeks ago
Anyone over there and they were like
It was just the idea of rebellion. It was like
Like today, you know like the punks today with their rap music was the same thing
Not that they liked it all that much, but it was just like anti-social and young male punks want to be anti-social
Then they noticed he had that spit-corro and they said well
I
Don't the other guy we ever saw with a spit-corro like that was Johnny Deppin and will be
Privatee a crybaby which is all right
There you go
Take that to you
Bill Haley
Now here's a fact you've done in the Grove obviously is on the same acid that my friend dick of the track was on last night
It says fat stomino and chubby checker you puncher fobes
Well, guess what fat stomino and chubby checker are alive and well. Thank you and aren't gonna be on our pool
Here's one. It says how about Liberiki
He's still tinkling on the piano man squirt squirt time we checked him and his brother George
Yes, it's got that candle obra
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
I want one of the greatest radio shows in the history mankind we had calls in from dead disc jockeys who called to honor us today say this brought back some great memories
Here's West Palm Beach
West Palm Beach hello
Relax I was on the wrong line. I made a mistake. Yes, sir
Hey, I got two for you. It gets all excited when I make a mistake. Yes
I'm thinking bon Scott 80d
Michael Hutchins in excess
Really oh, yeah, Michael Hutchins from I got a head but nevertheless to obscure for this crowd. Thanks a lot pal. Thank for up to
They're not gonna get many votes. We love an excess. Yeah, Inc. He's a
5 6 7 open it. He really was high. I don't know if it was on purpose. He might have been doing some auto erotic as fixation
I see I see one of those one of those Michael's scatel deals. I'm off the chair
Open the tree. He was doing it
99 votes for John Lennon 81 for Jimmy Hedrick's Franks and after his got 70 we just can't we can't get his ass out of the way
Jim Morrison 54 Elvis 48 Elvis is just consistently like right there in the middle of the pack
Comsikom sa menza menza Freddie Mercury 40 Jim Kroche 29 Marvin Gaye 29 Bob Marley 26 month and I'll just change to get on me
Which I can't stand that
Roy Robertson's got 26 Karen Carpenter 19. How much have I played a little bit of Carpenter's you know
After the break? Not not not not a lot. I don't want to scare anybody away
But just a little couple of notes
Ray need to you know one of those
She just had that kind of like morbid song. You know what I mean? I liked a lot of the music like I said if you're in the right mood
But there was kind of a morbid tone to a voice kind of like she knew that she wasn't eating right
Do you know what I'm saying?
She knew something was a miss and then she kept thinking it might have been her brother Richard was a miss
10 to 1 at 560 WQM. Hey, how tell you one thing no matter who you're sleeping with or what you're sleeping with what you got in the bed
It better be a good mattress because getting a good night sleep night after night is so important to the way you feel and your whole
I'll look on life you get up in the morning feeling great
It's gonna be a great day even if you work here
So call this tool free number 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATT RES. They'll have you sleeping like a baby all year long and they'll be there in no time at all
In fact, they might even be there the same day you call if you like
They'll be there any to our window that you choose between like one and three and two and four when it's convenient for you
When you're gonna be home instead of sitting on your ass waiting all day and hoping somebody'll show up
They have a 99% on time record. You can't beat it with a stick
And they got only the best mattresses in the world whichever you prefer
They have exactly the style you want and the name brand Seely, Sura, Simmons, King Coral
They got them an every size and style so whatever you're looking for they got exactly that one in stock
Just waiting to deliver right to your door in no time at all
So do with the smart folks here at Q&A have done and then some who not all that smart too like George and Miguel
And then of course the smart ones like yours truly called dial a mattress tool free and 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATT RES and start off the new year with a great new mattress for you and your back
1 800 MATT RES you can't beat it with fat boy stick
And look all this is 420560
Neil
Welcome to Uncle Funnies tonight. We're pleased to have the sidekick and foil of the Moe Howard David show
Let's have a nice hand for
Geldy
Hello there
Hey, I'm like a Moe guy what type of guy say
Yeah, oh that's right it's radio
If I got to tell you that okay great everywhere he goes
We went to a barn tea west of one night and there were a lot of women and dead that we didn't know a really man
And after they all raped Moe I killed him I liked it here
Was nice to see a listening audience all in one place
You know my doctor said take you closer up your face to window and when I asked him why he said because I hate my neighbor
You look at his style over here. What's the matter pal?
Ain't you having a good time?
Now touch your brain to tell you that
Hey, I just think the big contract with general moment I'm calling new car
Hey, oh wait, I just been handed a very important announcement here a table three your lights are on and the kitchen is out of plan strips
Okay
Take my wife, please
I know my I'm a wild and crazy guy looking good
And dynamite I said dynamite oh yeah, I'll be here all week
Uncle funny
So who'd you rather hear guilty of the carbony's that's tomorrow's pool by the way
Come on Karen cheer up a little bit please
Sometimes I'd like to quit
Nothing ever seems to fit
Hang it around
Nothing to do before
Rangy days and wonders always get me down
1256 and 560 wq and pork Karen here's an excellent facts from custom design trust in Pomegranate Beach
It says
Tenel Rogers now that you're a 60 plus old far we figured you could use a custom design trust
We built several for Moe
Be over to measure you right after the show also why no perry comal
Speaking of old parts mother and pump it up each what do you want?
Well, I think how many vote look at a vote total we got on here today and I bet you at least some of mario
672 votes shocking that's more than George gets in 10 weeks of polls
John Lennon 99 Jimmy Hendrix 82 keep your eye on that Jimmy Hendrix number by the way
That's just a word of the wise out there and even the unwise we got our eye on that baby
Frank Sinatra 70 is sad as that is Jim Morrison 64 he's moving down to Frank
Elvis 48 still 40 is stuck there Freddie Mercury 43 how come we didn't put Frankie's lineman on there
Because we don't want to I mean dusty springfield will you know we'll give that to book a Brian but Frankie lineman no way
Carl Springs hello
Carl Springs hey Neil yes sir
No pun intended but speaking of dead disc jackeys my wife went to a website for
Mikey and mr. Repickery funded to whatever she posted on there if anybody wants to know but
I got somebody that you know might not you might not like but might have a niche down here july remun
Yeah, I think I've been on there you're right and then I could take him or leave him the Ramones
I know you don't like them put on you know there is a niche possible yeah um and two things real quick
uh as much as I try can't listen to the morning show and I say uh
Georgian suds for the summer screw Rick
Okay, thanks now thanks
Georgian suds now there's a possibility let's key let's muscle Rick out of there this bacon suds
Because one thing we do know suds works real cheap
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T horizon wireless line
Here's for a lot of Dale hello
Hello Neil yes sir how you doing great I'd like to add two to the list okay by could yes sir um
How about funny bono man yeah okay and um my coworker here says Gene Vincent and the blue cat
Oh Gene Vincent beat Bapalula yeah capital records okay thank you sir not gonna put either one on but thank you anyway
Sunny bono I mean come on
Naya no way just was a few bits of no B Bapalula but that was his only hit
Am I right bokeh Brian it was his only hit I don't have time to look it up in a book he says yeah
He says yes sir it was on capital records I remember like it was only yesterday it was a hundred years ago
And all the people under 100 out there are saying B Bapalula and Gene Vincent what the hell that be huh
Why are you some kind of an old fart to which I say yes I am
And proud of it because look at all the music that I know that a lot of you people never heard of this stuff
Which is a lot better than some of the crap they're talking about now. I don't want to mention Kurt Cobain
I'm sorry
How to turn out so far what's your all-time favorite dead recording artist favorite we ask not necessarily the best John Lenders 101
Jimmy Hendrix 84 suspect Jim Morrison 74 Frank Sinatra 71
Jim Morrison has he is lurched ahead of the uh
Schmuck Elvis 48 Freddie Mercury 43 Jim Kroche 34
Marvin Gays got 30 beach boys can't touch him by the way Roy Overson 27 for example 27 Bob Marley 26 and Karen
Caron let's hear it for Karen let's have a special bruce for Karen has got 19 votes
Ron Ron radio network
