Anyway, good morning, Neil. I bet you my mother would enjoy that she did you any kind of bomb movement
In fact in my mother's world there's no such thing as a bad bomb movement. How do you like that crap?
I'm all for that. Yesterday I had this pullover on the freeway and go into a burger king and do a stand-up
Doesn't that prove to you that there's no God? I mean every time you take a crap
You know what I'm saying and then what I got to go out in front and buy some fries in an apple pie
Walking to a public restroom and your Roma just about knocks you on your ass and you just know that there's no God
I like here at QAM. I won't even go to the bathroom here with all the syphilis on our toilets. Yeah
You should have been there the day that fat boy
Experience all over the wall
Could have been the beast I've heard to the beast has had a few wall splatters
That's all right. I was here today all your employees started out being
But that'll send everybody back
You know, well, I don't know what you call him. What do you call him?
Schmuck
Schmuck dropped dad and we saved his life. We should have let him die
That's what George is saying that's what I heard you said yes
If he if he had to do it over again, he's he'd be thinking George. You got a really nice haircut man
Do you yeah, let's pretty clean cut. Oh
He's coming back to Miami your favorite place. He looks pretty boring is what you
I heard you won't go out the dinner with you my ass you won't pay your back
Oh, and by the way, I'm taking you to a great fish. No, we know that mode doesn't listen because it's after 10 o'clock
The answer most inviting me to lunch the answer is no, no, but what about no relance and good fish?
No, I'm not going to say me. I'm not going any meals. I'm not going any meals
You home on the last time you so I was here you said you go to send it with me. Yes, help me off you ask sucker ass
Hall. Yeah, you said you go the last time you didn't really say tits on here before did you
We dumped it. Oh, what a pussy man. Hey dump everything I say and you know you're
You know you're at a sauce station when they got one dump button and you and they tell everybody after you cast
Away for seven seconds. Oh, brother. We know in New York. We had four dump rooms let alone buttons. Yeah, we're gonna
Gotta take full-time salary
Benefits four weeks of vacation of year. He's sat in a room all day looking at a window hitting a button
The beast had you yet about his incestuous relationship him and clearance with John Weiner and all this little sports fraternity what we
To go John. No, but I heard last night he did Donna Shalela back door. Do you know that when John Weiner who used to work at the QM
He's he's
This morning. He's a smart to give me a Hummer and he's and
Dole the Lipset he wanted to give you a Hummer
I've heard everything today. So he goes to work at 940 at Fox Sports and Clarence and the Beast are feeding him
They're lining up just for the
Don't put me in the
Boyfriend do that's your boyfriend
Buddy, that's your bunk butt buddy
Clarence just because I'm jealous cuz he gets a spoon with Clarence and I don't know that stations doing terrific with their
0.4 share
What are you there either way?
I don't like the month the month where they had the big
I want to hit a zero. What do you do if you're a sales guy over there besides pick your dingo berries?
How do you sell that?
That's what our sales people do all day. We know that except for
Louis on a roof nude. Yeah, yeah, she's up there looking for a car deal for me
Mm-hmm. How about your Corvette? I heard she mounted the building is what I heard
Oh
Corner I'm gonna say you should have been here when Roy Foster was here
Man, cuz Christ Rapper he's he's small potatoes, but Roy
He's a real man. They all think now. I've been here three months now. I have an attitude promise
Screwed I like screw and likes it big and black baby
That's what screw ends into
This dark thing from the northeast corner
Coming up tonight and inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
Was their name a slang word for the male sexual organ? We certainly hope so
Otherwise, there's all interesting about the verb pipe
Look I told people before the name verb pipe doesn't mean anything we pulled it out of a hat
Don't listen to him. It means penis. Tell him it means penis you moron
Verve pipe founder Brian van der Arck has been arguing with the band's manager Slapy Gold since 1996
These artistic types don't understand that sex sells it doesn't mean penis of course it does put it together
What does verb mean it means energy?
Viga and what's a pipe a cylindrical object a long shaft
If so facto you've got a long shaft that's full of Viga a
Half-less mother lay off will you look you're the one who said we should release those other singles to try and cash in on
As the argument escalated vendor arc-totted Slapy with his decision to release more singles each representing a different grade level
We were merely soft moors. We were merely juniors. We were under class
So it didn't work
Her pipe still means a thunderous unbridled erection does not it?
What you always bring up the verb pipe?
Maybe their name means penis maybe a dozen it probably doesn't matter when you're doing with sons of bitches like these
It's a big juicy shopping with liquor show business tonight on inside the behind
Have you noticed that they won't let's grand anywhere near fire hydrants you notice that?
No, it didn't well now you know tell us six at five sixty WQM happy Thursday to you
We're gonna get screwed today, you know
And I'm gonna feel good
Well, no today we have on a schedule. We got Marlins on deck and one those red hot Marlins who want to get an extra eighties last night in front of another
12,000 people now must have been raining last night. Is that the excuse Miguel? Sure
Oh, he's on the other side of the what's McCullough training training day?
He's on the other side of his what's McCullough? Yes the table
So that was the excuse the last two nights is that they just had over 12,000 announced for those two again
And I know any cases we don't want to talk about the attendance though only when they have 35,000 and we talk about it
When nobody shows up that we don't want to talk about it because there's an excuse
Anyway, there is a very good excuse today because it's sunny in 77 here in Toronto, oh in fact
They just changed it. It's sunny in 78 like I said
But it's raining cats and dogs there in the it's up for grabs
Now according to Mufflinzy our resident baseball expert
They're gonna do everything in their power to get that game in so we're praying because you know
Not that we want to cheat the audience out of that big one to two hour, but you know Marlins
That's the heavy duty stuff right the
Wild card Marlins as to the moment by half a game we're excited about
942 votes on Georgia's poor yesterday now
Let's see what did I vote on this I voted for Mo. I'm not going to lodge with you Mo
You what what is that all about is he really believed that anybody is stupid enough to buy that?
Trying to mend the fences. I extended the hand of friendship. I extended him the the thorn of
Whatever how many times
Turned it down kept pulling all of his crap try to get your ass fired trying to mess with our show
I strongly urge my audience not to listen to the show that follows me all that crap
All the stuff about the bulletin ahead that I deserve and then all of a sudden now he's just sucking up
And you want to know why he's sucking up why because he's scrapping his pants even more than usual those checkered pants
Because the word on the street is that Joe Rose is gonna be standing by to do that morning show
That's what I'm hearing isn't that what you're hearing from Joe himself yesterday
That's right Joe Rose is waiting in a wins. He's having heavy confabs and powwows with Greg read probably as we speak
Probably write this hard on exactly
And so it wouldn't surprise me Joe and Guilty in fact
You remember when we had the worst team who were the two allies on that show who were the two guys
Joe Rose and Guilty sure you got it
So that's a room where I'm here and so Moe is crappin his pantaloonies because after this last book after these
unbelievably bad numbers and then of course when the next book comes out and realize that eight to ten is gonna
Go spiking way up and six to eight is gonna be the a week chink and the armor could be the weakest link
He knows he's hanging on by a thread
So he now now all of a sudden he's looking for allies
So he's inviting me to launch I heard that this morning Moe and the answer is still no chance
No chance. I wouldn't go to scubans with you on a bet
Because that's probably where he'd wind up taking me the scubans are shloin these one of those old Jew places in bokeh
And I we have to gum all the food the answer is no moe this homo says no mo
I'm a hoax. George yesterday head when you leave the Humper alone
By the way Hank will be on after the ball game today briefly
Maybe if we have a ball game
Actually Hank won't be on he's got some interviews with the I don't understand that whole thing with you van coaches
You know what that's all about no
And then we got the Dave wants that you would five
So I'll give that schedule but again, it's all pending. It's all dependent on the weather
And you looked out you looked out the window which we don't have a window and see people are saying well
She if Neil were here he'd have a he'd have a grasp on it. Yeah grasp this
We we have no idea what it's doing outside because we're like in a when in the middle of a a floor
Inwarden right not even close to a window. We might as well be in Toronto with you for all we know
No, no thanks. So sorry. There's not a cloud in the sky man. It is absolutely magnificent like heaven
942 votes on a poor yesterday. I'd rather not be and then George gave you a list
And guess who won absolutely all how are david at 173
173. You say you'd rather not be moe good choice. That was my vote fat
136 that should that should have been my vote
And it's interesting if you notice something about this pull which I you now
Did you have people call them and suggest on this yes
Because Moe fits in so many of these categories. I'll see. There's fat. We just stop it. Yeah
Impetent. I don't know and I don't want to know Bob Lee ball married. Yeah
Straight
Boy oh boy. Uh whole bunch of categories
That Moe fits into there 173 so they rather not be moe
136 that they rather not be fat
I second that emotion. Oh if I got some bad news for me. No, no
Guess what they now making courts
Remember I said that they only made the brightest grass going to get gallons
And so I would naturally wasn't buying it very often
Now they're making it in leaders little more than a court
Uh rather not be poor 122 stupid 91
In Iraq 86 black 86 how about black in Iraq with a big Mac attack
impotent 61 gay 41
A lot of heteros out there. They don't want to be gay
Short 34 ugly 29. I would have thought ugly would have been a lot better too
Huh? Yeah, of course when you talk to your average person most people unlike me
Most people won't say that they admit that they're ugly right the the number of people that I've encountered my life
Who think that they're really hot stuff and you look at them and it looks like it something that you just stepped on in the middle of a cowfeel right
Ugly 29 Mary 26 ball 23 female 12 sexist bastards and albino 11 straight 10 10 of our fags out there said and I would
Second that emotion. I would never want to be getting involved with women in any way shape or phone
Good old
dyslexic one and four and had none
I am almost a thousand votes nobody said they would amount of I don't know what that even means though
What is it from another country like not born here your foreigner you have an accent?
Yeah, it's an 80
Yeah, well she's dead anyway
We got the hellery our chapter coming up then we're gonna build another pool gets your jaw up set
Oh, this is a good one today. I warned you on Tuesday
Hey, I know and then we got maybe we got the Marlon pregame at one and maybe not marlins in the Dodgers of pp park
We'll keep you posted on the progress of that. I got my legs crossed and my fingers crossed
Because really the only thing it boils down to is whether we do the comedy bits are between one and two or whether we just go home
So we could do the comedy of course I don't have to go home because I already am home
1013 at 560 wqway and your irrational station for the new millennium
Do you have kids going back to college next couple of weeks?
Well if you do one I give them one of the comforts of home a new bed from dial amatris by calling
1 800 mattress you can order you a new mattress from dial amatris for your college student and set them up right in their off-campus apartment
When you call one 800 mattress you can choose from dozens of models from
Cele and assert a temper pete ximins or king core that low student prices
Doesn't matter what the college student though where they're headed if they're staying in stopthorter headed to fully
Boston, Eurica watched in the betting experts at dial amatris can make them feel like they're right at home
So get that bed now by calling one 800 mattress
You'll get service like you dream about from the delivery team rack number one
customer satisfactory in the universe and of course at dial amatris like I've been telling you for years
They carry only the finest quality name brand mattresses at discount prices no house brands no irregular
No seconds no crap when you call dial amatris at one 800 mattress
You pick the day in time you're delivery within any two hour windows seven days a week from eight and a.m
Till 10 and a p.m
And those kids will be sleeping well the very first night with low prices same day delivery
Free set up and removal. It's easy to see why dial amatris is ranked number one customer satisfaction
And everybody gets a student discounted dial amatris too
So pick up that phone right now and call one 800 mattress. That's one 800
MATTRES or online it's macriss.com for dial amatris the easy the intelligent the best possible way to get you a great night's sleep
You'd crush back in
Next month in penthouse magazine naked pictures of
But Celine Dion
Yeah, what do you got? I got a naked picture of Celine Dion only say
Well, you know, I took it and the war was Vegas. Doesn't she have a big nose in that
Maybe I'll tell you what big of those and run it naked pictures of share
Mr. Coach. Yeah, what do you think I got a picture share? That's a man. Yeah run it naked pictures of Kelly Rippa
Look
You know
That ain't her
Look at the face of the ice on the ice it looks nothing like a run it and Diane Sawyer take a look at this one Mr
Gucci only I got the tick from good morning America
Neruzio Darrell no no no no no no no no this one this one right here. It's got too much hair on it
Shave it and run it penthouse magazine cannot be certain of actual identification
What hey? Haven't you always wanted to see these people make it us too?
Yes, when you look at the pictures you'll be fine 10 18 at 5 60 wq. I'm happy Thursday and what can I tell you?
It looks I'm looking at the Doppler radar
Yeah, looks uh, I don't know. Not really that bad to be honest with you. It's not that bad
It's just most of the heavy stuff is offshore and also in
But in date County don't look all that bad
And especially right around pp park now it is still raining
Now is it also windy because is it i see there's all kinds of alerts. There's a wind advisory out
It was i don't know what it's doing right at the momenty and ping and nasty
But that's me being negative again about south Florida being bitter
It's just Neil making up that stuff about how the weather in the summer especially really blows like crazy
Intermediates either 110 degrees in the shade and or just rain and cats and dogs like the world is coming to win
I just made that up because I'm a bitter nasty guy
I love these assholes. I call them the station
Uh, the sports nerds especially oh, we don't we just can't stand hearing all this negativity
In other words, you can't stand the truth because you're much of emotional cripples
Or you don't have two nickels to rub together, which is why you're still down here in south florida when anybody with more than 50 bucks to their name is out of town for the rest of the summer
That's what it was. No, like George. That's the only reason he's there can't afford to get that out
Here is on page five from Hillary's book living history
I know you've been waiting with braided breath for this trapping myself in right now. Okay page five a pretty good-sized paragraph
Oh wait till next Tuesday till my next show boy. The next paragraph on his page last uh about a minute
Huh?
Anyway, today she says Hannah strikes me as a determined woman whose energies and intelligence had little outlet
Which led to her meddling and everyone else's business her eldest son my uncle willard worked as an engineer for the city of scranton
But he never left home or married and died shortly after my grandfather in 1965
Her youngest Russell was her golden boy. He excelled in academics and athletics became a doctor served in the army
Merid had a daughter and came back to scranton to practice medicine in early 1948
He fell into a debilitating depression
My grandparents asked my father come over to help Russell shortly after that my dad arrived Russell tried to kill himself
My father found him hanging in the attic and cut him down. He brought Russell back to Chicago to live with us
He found him in the attic and cut him down
coming down the size
So there's that today's paragraph from Hillary Rotem is save you a lot of money save you 25 30 bucks
Not only that, but Hillary's much better in small doses. I think we'd all agree on that
Here's our poll for today that we're gonna build
I love looking at that top or radar. There's just something fun about it, you know
It's so much more entertaining than having to watch Brian Norcross. Can you imagine?
The hyperventilating that's going on right now. Wow somebody put strapped poor little bride in that seat
Dancing around like Rumpel Stiltskin on a bed. They on on speed
Calm down Brian
So here's our poll question today now I threatened this on Tuesday and then I thought to myself why not do this
Of course, it's negative again. Yeah, there's me on being negative though worst
How come not the best of course we have done the best see right the people who accused me of being negative
They never hear those shows when we ask what's your favorite this or what was the best movie or the best
The best whatever, you know, who's your favorite actress in the world or whatever we do a million of those
But the greatest response from soft loader where people are very bitter and the full of hate is always a negative thing like the worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is
There's so many possibilities. Yeah, oh, I can't pick just one
But the only one that I'm well I could because for me it was easy duks and hazard
I can't imagine a worse a corneer a more poorly
I mean, it's just just the whole thing the idea that anybody watched it and that it was actually on for a long time
How many seasons with that? I wonder
Oh, sure, so that was on for a while five in your friend Miguel. I'll have you know
I beg your pardon Miguel like that show
He liked a fan. Maybe he liked a John Schneider
Maybe that was the closet Miguel
I know he's big into senior crews
So what does that tell you got it's into a drag queen. What's his at all
The worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is and that's the only one I put down there
We'll let the audience fill in the again
Duke's a hazard you didn't have one I had I have several but you know what during the night
That's because I'm not gonna put up with that so I'm gonna choose none of them. They'll they'll pick mine as they'll pick it on
Yeah, don't forget to go to our website nearrodges.com because now we've got our best stuff campaign underway for a band and pet rescue
Which is a great charity by the way and you can read all about it on the website and
We got the best of Neil 2000 and 2000 three CDs since we didn't pull it out last year because Miguel and George were arguing over who was lazy
So we didn't pull it out so we have one for both years right now and we also have the more Howard David and Keychains
Which do you have you figured out yet what it says on those no any of the drop-ins like take off those checkered pants
Yeah, that news on there
I
Yeah, I know but that one. I think this one better
I think that's on that is definitely on it. Yeah, so anyway go under and get yours or to yours today
560
0560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We'll just do screenless today because we got I think a short show
Don't you think they're gonna play that game? Huh? Let's pray
Well, you know, I mean, it's an important game. There are half a game
I had in a wild card thing and even though we don't care about baseball on this show and I haven't watched the full baseball game
In about 30 years
It's important stuff WQ I am amen. Yes, sir the
We're sure ever
18 amen, that's a good choice
Okay, man, I got you down. Thank you
He said mr. T sucked what yeah, that didn't take long for somebody to name one I could vote for okay
So we got the duks and has it in the 18 so far there's got to be a zillion for this category
And only one this is let me say it again listen to the question listen very carefully not the 20 worst shows of all time
Not the 30 worst shows of all time not a list of a bunch one. I know it's not easy to narrow it down
The worst regularly scheduled TV's and the reason I put in a regularly scheduled is because
You know, I put that in there right there were one time Charlie's that were so bad they got right
We don't want to have like the Bob Hove special especially show, you know right on the heels of his croaking the Larry King variety show
Can you believe speaking of Bob Hope that some jackass puts out this thing and that he was the greatest entertainer in a mirror in the
uh the greatest American entertainer in the 20th century yeah
You weren't expecting that no, I was not you weren't being inundated with all I mean
I knew that there was gonna be a lot of moaning and groaning and gnashing a teeth
But the idea to get that carried away. He was a great entertainer
The greatest American entertainer the 20th century
Can you see Elvis and Sonatra even though I couldn't stand Frank Sonatra but could you see them just spinning in their graves?
Sure
That's a good pull for you one day by the way Eric's taking another I mean Eric there's taking a dump. Yeah
Elvis is taking another crap thinking about that
26 past 10 at 560 wq a.m. Poor Elvis the king died on the throne
That's the appropriate way to do it. I think he's still alive by the way something
I think him and Jim Morrison are still alive are you gonna tell me bad news about the baseball game? No
Oh
Good news about the keychain. Yeah, here's the demo that we had to send back to be all right
Yeah, so here's the answer to your question minus of course one of these drops won't be on there
That's on there Jesus Christ
Infectious
That won't be on there
That's on there
That's on twice
And there you go. I'm infectious. That's my favorite. I'm infectious. I'm infectious. I'm infectious. All roll
How come we don't have if there's a butt I smell it that might be replaced who does
26 after 10 at 560 get get a modern hot your mohauer david of keychain
You can be the first one on your block
If you want to see the best in horse race cymbal casting then here's the place to do with Pompadopark
Pompadop harness is open every day a night seven days a night's a week featuring the best in harness
Thurbrut and Highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on
And general parking and admission like always are still free on friday and Saturday nights the fourth four players
Vonges open featuring a special four full-quarts interpackage for only five dollars and 95 cents
Enjoy plenty of free seating in hundreds and hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track from or you can get yourself a private box seat with your own
TV monitor for just two and a half bucks and it's all done in a smoke-free environment coming up this Saturday
August the uh, I don't think so Troy
Is this the wrong copy I have here?
I
Because it says coming up this Saturday August 9th
Hmm do I have new and improved copy for this?
Huh?
Let me just we'll just kill a couple of seconds here while I look because I don't want to read the wrong copy and give the wrong stuff going on
Because then Steve Wolf and Dick Feinberg get all pent out of shape and Troy Stradford lose the commission and
We'll have all kinds of crap going on all kinds of issues. I'm looking for my stuff. I thought you fast me new copy for Pompadopark
Here's some to run on 814
I fax this to you you did sure
Maybe I schmit canvas. Maybe I threw out the good stuff
Okay, well, what is it in the meantime before you fax me whatever you got there
What does it say on the bottom about the the special stuff going on?
Uh coming up this Friday August 15th is the 300,000 kind of 300,000 dollar Kentucky starboard
Standard board standard bread standard bread sales. They asshole
Yeah, Indiana Downs and then on Saturday August 16th is the 500,000
Canadian paising Derby at Woodbind racetrack. Oh, yeah, they right up the erode out the
$250,000 Cleveland Classic of the Northfield Park and the Youngcars Trot elimination divisions at Youngcars raceway
All these things and lots more all the cymo casting you can want to then some at Pompadopark a block set of Atlantic Boulevard on power line road
For the daily cymo casting race schedule call them at 954 972 2000 or check them on a web at Pompadopark
dot com
Now we're going in in front of the tape audience and beautiful telephoto sunny Hollywood California
Disturbed by angel
oh
Kathy yes, mom are you having that not so fresh feeling
How'd you know mom's know these things
Blue oh
Mom who's that it's
Delegreys mom
What's she doing?
I got a
Yeah, but you're blessed
I can't breathe
Yes, Kathy you've been dused by an angel oh mom oh Kathy oh
Tell
Okay, two things number one a good news on our website is that now we have the a bedtime stories under like real early in the morning
Like when you get up in the morning standing wait till the show is over
Yeah, which I think that's good damn straight nice job there Eric and spider what George says about him
He still said it again this morning, but in spite of all of that
See you don't want to be associated with people like you
Who but at any rate Eric I say but at any rate up we're best friends them. Are you yeah? Well, that's good
That's sweet. Maybe we can have like a shower for you
The baby shower maybe no, you can just take one together
But at any rate so the bedtime stories are on here the new stuff every day instead of having that still stuff
And then pass not that I'm not that I'm putting down a boner boy now that he's gone and he's departed
He's got his problems. We wish him nothing but the best don't we?
Sure, yeah
All of that things that didn't sound too sincere did it?
No, I probably shouldn't have said that but I would like a like I'm saying no hard feelings right
No, that wasn't right either screw them
But no, he did a spectacular job on our website. There's no question about that
But he has issues okay as people like to say I have no idea why he has issues
So let him go solve his issues and have a wonderful life and leave us alone
But anyway, so now we got the new bedtime stories under every day that's number one number two
I just want to correct one thing
Which I forgot because Scott gets so incoherent once he starts rolling around across over that there's no
You know, there's no way to have a conversation with the incoherent man, which is him
But I've been hearing an awful lot and especially when you consider how little that I listen what I'm here
I'll turn it on for like a minute if I'm sitting in here
Dittling around on a computer or something or and every time I turn it on it's just business
Which I guess Mo and your friend Joe Castell started several days ago about well is all of this backstabbing on a station
And is the audience want to hear all of that other crap and all of this uh all of these people who hate each other
The bottom line is that everybody on a station gets along with everybody else except for one person yep
That's that's the bottom line
Right, so even he admits it. Yeah, who are you talking about that?
There's there's no rift between I mean so Scott loves Howard great
I hope you have a life a nice life together
Maybe you can also take a shower with Georgian and with the Carlos and Eric getting crowded in there
Yeah, it's getting really crowded in there and of course you you shoved your rose and mad dog in there man
And then a hunter tries to squeeze in and the beast holy crap. There's no room left for me
I'm bringing my soap on a rope and most fat
Correct him ass
But just to clarify that there you mean who do I have a problem with other than Mo?
I'm talking about on the air anybody no
None
No real problem
Any problem no none zero
I mean we have a problem about Joseph Gackie on the air
I don't know you're missing my I'm talking I'm not you're talking about you're talking business
I'm talking about personal. No, that's what I mean. I'm talking personal. I like Joseph Gackie's a good guy
He sucks on a year, but he's a good guy like the big oh he sucks on a year the big oh he's a good guy
Even though you don't like him too much
I'm just when you just calm down Jesus Christ you're starting to get his emotional is the mole man
Everybody gets along just fine except for one person okay?
Who's despised and reviled by everybody in the building and he continues being in denial and continues trying to say all of this crap about well
And I know it was just stick and you know what I were going to lunch. No, we're not who are you talking about power from bokeh?
Yeah, how are from bokeh? That's what I'm talking about the mole man. That's everybody knows who I'm talking about
The unmentionable one the unclean one
Maybe if he do shout that bag once every six months maybe it might clean up his act a little bit Jesus Christ man
Anyway, here's a fact how did I get sidetracked on that? I just wanted to clear the air so to speak
Okay, because I can smell a stench all the way up here every time he squeezes that bag and starts picking dingal berries
And by the way mo quit picking dingal berries in front of the staff. They're starting to get really grossed out
Can you see the first class action lawsuit by the entire staff against that man for dingal berry picking?
We'll call it a no-class action when it doubt. He's grossing us out. Whatever you'd call it
Yeah, a no-class
A no-class action suit. I like it
See even little jorgie stuck one in there. He's sneak one
Big Arnie one of our chronic facts who says the worst show ever was touched by an angel
That's why I played that big Arnie in case you haven't figured out yet. It says oh my god
Oh my god what drivel rain was the little kiddies into believing that crap makes me vomit my wife likes this show
Arnie says what's wrong with this picture?
I'll tell you what's wrong or any the fact that you haven't shoved that bitch out the door and dumped her ass already
So that's so far we got three on here, but this is gonna be a slow building pole. I guess I ask because I'm rambling
That's good
It is good kill a lot of good time and of course we still don't know do well. Do we know about the uh, Volgaemia? No
Well, what what I mean, you know something
Please I know about quarter to one of the duffle committee. Well, oh, there's still a considering yeah, we're consider this
Consider this
Sweetheart the worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is we put is because it could be something that's still currently on
I'm sure that much of the crap that's on right now. Well, it could be a contender
We got Ducca hazard the 18 and touched by an angel. So we got so far
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
WQ I am
So if any mark. Oh god, and he's got a sock in his mouth this time too
To sock it was it well sounded like a sock rhymes with
WQ I am
TJ Hooker man
That was TJ Hooker. Yeah, TJ Hooker. That was a mad one. Okay, got you down, Polly. All righty. Let's see
TJ Hooker that was it in other words the way he said that I like the way he said it. See it. No, certainly he said it like
That's the definitive answer. That's what we want
Not well. I got a list for you
You don't have the facts machine that threw it right away
Yeah, anybody that picks more than one if you fax it to us will smit canner right away
It'll never make it up here and number two if you do it on the air. I'll cut you off in pronto Tonto
No chance
pronto Tonto from Toronto WQ I am
Q I am hello hola hello
Yes, sir, you talk shows cow
Oh
Sure about magic Johnson show
Yeah, how long was that on about a week?
Yeah, you know, it was on the same time that your show was on
If you were on TV about 98 I guess it was oh and that whammy thing. Yeah
Pratt I'm trying to forget about that
whammy
Got it sucks
Okay, we got it done man. I got to give a couple of props though
Unfortunately to a couple of local talk shows who have been hearing from Dennis last week and have been blowing them off the air
Yeah, with his homophobic rants right he called up the he called up one of the sports shows on 940 the other day
And was saying you know
I understand that homosexuals really need to be treated with understanding and and
And kindness, but do you know the marlins are having almost sexual acquired their game to sing the national anthem and it hasn't been scientifically proven that
This is an inherited condition. You are you are
Supposing our children to that you know, I go into the marlins again. So that was is that was that night
And then the guy was like listen, you know just you know tell your can don't tell your kids about it
They'll just you know they're gonna not gonna announce the explain what these guys are up to
So he put cut them off and then the next night he was on schnitt
With the more like aggressive well, you know what I can't believe it
The marlins are allowing a gay choir to sing and they're exposing us to our children and he just
He said listen guys the guys are coming to sing they're not gonna be singing their drop in their pants and whipping the
Well the the best news that'll please you and piss him off is that I got two
Georgia spax me two priest stories that are coming up after the breaks are we will piss them off
Just a couple more. Hi Neil bank have a great day pal. A couple more isolated incidents for professional homophobic professional Catholic
Pope sucker Dennis
What an asshole man. What an absolute asshole
19 before 11 at 5 60 WQM you have to be a schmuck not to do your shoe shopping at Brandy's
I'll tell you that right now because they're unbeatable
That's why they just stuck around so long while the other people have dropped like flies
So many shoestores have come and gone but for over 25 years now Brandy's has been sticking right on your feet
The best name brands it unbeatable prices. They got them all they got rock ports echo is Mephisto Timberland Clark's
SAS floor shim you name it they got it and as far as your sizes are concerned if you got big
gigantic
Grotesque feet like Tom Welling or little teeny tiny petite feet like probably Boka brine is got they can fit you
They got men's sizes six to fifteen women's five to twelve and which from the very narrow to the very very very gigantic and wide
And of course their professional sales staff make sure you get a perfect fit every time at Brandy's with over
40,000 pair of shoes and stock in their gigantic
8,000 square foot megastore
You can just about bet George's life on it that whatever you're looking for is in stock right now
ready to slap on your foot Brandy shoes. There are 1290 North Federal Highway Pompat of Beechoap and Daily 9 to 9 Sunday
10 to 5 and don't forget all this week at Brandy's famous brand boat shoes on special sale
All men's and women's styles are 20% off stock five Brandy's or visit them on the web if you like it
Brandy shoes.com
My
And local
This is 4305 city
What is deal can we enjoy dinner without you worrying about business?
Bastero. This is a big investment glory. We've got a business plan the loan was approved. What's to worry?
Are you going to wait you're spared? I guess you're right and I know you read the business journals out
You've got your homework
Roger you do read the South Florida business journal. Uh, I meant to get a subscription
You don't read the Bible of South Florida business
Here you're gambling our future without knowing the latest trend. What's hot and what's not?
You stare at me. He doesn't read the South part of business journal
Missy, I'm going to have to ask you to leave if you don't get the journal
There's no telling what kind of trouble you can get in cover to cover week after week
It's the most in-depth business news anywhere now you can get the business for free for a full month
Just call 9549497578. That's 95497578. Could I get a dog? Yeah
The South Florida business journal local business intelligence
You were your little ones not this time
Well mom, that bad food since you tore a hole in my ass
Now there's something new new soccer shaman ultra discover how much softer it is
Well, this feels like I'm wiping myself on the cat
New shaman ultra
1045 at 560 WDQM anyway. Here's the one from Orlando
Priest arrested in prostitution staying oh a Roman Catholic priest was arrested for soliciting a prostitute and masturbating in his car
Sheriff's official said Monday
The Reverend Thomas Valipolidil 40 was charged late Friday was soliciting a prostitute committing a loot act
For offering to paint undercover police officer 20 bucks for roll sex
According to a report from the Orange County Sheriff's office. He was released on $750 bail and
The Reverend Raymond E larger
Yeah
A Roman Catholic priest can that's his name
Reverend larger larger than what I don't know but it's a bigger than a bread box. I'll tell you that
Whoo, it is so huge. Oh, it just butt out here. He coon
Anyway, he was convicted of public indecency in Dayton, Ohio
He's resigned as pastor of our lady of visitation church in green township Hamilton County in the arched issue of
Cincinnati said on Tuesday
Cincinnati Archbishop Daniel E. Pallarchic placed larger on a definite administrative leave the arched diocese said
The arched diocese learned of his conviction from neighborhood activists near Dayton's Triangle Park
The activist hired a public indecency arrest there said they plan to notify families and employers of the men
convicted larger pleaded no context you like 25th to two counts of public indecency both fourth degree mr
Meeners
And they said that his was larger than most in the park
So there you go a couple more stories more isolated incidents for you Dennis mr. Professional homophob
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t and for rise from wireless line the worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is
dukes of hazard the 18 touch by an angel t j hooker the magic johnson sure that's all we got so far
heavy to q a m. Hey, yes sir. How you doing?
doing great great
uh but but two things um first the worst tv show of all time yes sir
I love the character and I love the first two movies they made
But when they turned it into a tv show it was terrible. It was the night's darker
okay and um something um I'd like to have on the keychain
Yeah, um yeah, I wish you could I don't think you can but if I could get something on the keychain it would be um
It's that bag of jubo from that frank robberloven monkey
Absolutely okay now why you saying no? Are you like uh if we can't add things at this point?
I know that boy you are really uptight man these people I voted you're not probably a little
spick on it last poll we did they're right
I didn't think that I hadn't even said the guy was fine he was a good color
I think the night's darker wasn't such a bad show did you you like that show?
This is another reason for you to be upset because that show is on screen tv all the time night's dark right had monster
He didn't like it okay and he was a good color and you're like a pin on his parade okay
guava you love and spick
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 I mean the keychains are done we're not gonna be adding to it
He already said that he knows we can't but he's just expressing himself man me too
He just expressing himself WQAM
Go yes sir yeah I got a thing for the poll okay
Golden girls
Golden girls was awful good choice
Thanks pali
See yeah but now would you just say no way I said great oh I thought you said no way no I said
Excellent argumentative little George no matter what you say today he's gonna go like that just like just like when most is
Let's go to lunch
In fact when I'm there in a couple of weeks for us several days uh don't don't come anywhere near me mo
Don't speak to me don't waste your time don't embarrass and humiliate yourself by making any overtures in my direction
If standing your hand or your mouse you looking must read in my direction because I don't want nothing to do with you
I will not speak to you. I will not look at you
I will not smell your goddamn bag or squeeze it or anything else
I won't laugh at your checkered pants just stay away from me and my pleated skirt I mean pants
W.Q.I.M. hey I'd like to make a uh
I pick for your worst weather please TV show go right ahead
Oh, okay good now you can do right now because this is me yeah we're doing scrimless. Oh okay how about Oprah
How about Oprah
Okay now he's listening to me. Well I mean yeah I agree her show is awful but I mean Oprah yeah sucks
But the worst okay, sir. I'm not gonna question it's not for me to question
We're just here to make a list right and kill some time. That's all we're here to do
By the way look out the window. How's it looking? Oh
Look at that
We got to Marlon's on deck allegedly a one o'clock see I think what they should do
Which is the way you do it in a real like you know is is keep dragging a lot no seriously keep
Prevericating now that's not what that means keep uh
What whatever they're doing
And then wait until about uh, yeah
Obfuscating masturbating and in about five minutes to one they'll say well we'll still go ahead with a pregame show and we'll like like do a rain delay
You know how they do those rain delays shows and then they'll say oh but right now we're gonna send it back to the studio
Huh after everybody gets in their seat with the rain right after everybody's gone and then we're gonna
Send it back to the studio now for the rain delay and of course there won't be anybody there which I think it'd be good
5 6 7 0 5 60 we I put up on there, but I don't think she's gonna get too many votes
Wtq I am
Hello, yes sir
Yeah, I'm calling for the for the neo-register speaking
Yeah, I'm calling to for the worst TV. Go right in what's what's your choice sir
How high five oh why five oh was the worst show in the history of TV?
Yep, okay
I
Book him dano
Can you believe what see you?
I'm writing these down because we're asking for your opinion folks
It's not a question my opinion or Georgia's opinion or Scott's opinion. We got a new Scott in there by the way
Is he in there? Yeah, we got new Scott who's like
Like a clone of Scott for well like a little Scott
Right right. Well, I'm sure he's got to be smaller than the real Scott shorter anyway
And then we got the Miguel over in the corner with his face to the wall
Miguel who's getting married on Saturday
Bad moves we'd hard very bad move
5 6 7 0 5 6 the see I'm not gonna lie. I'm gonna say oh congratulations
It's a wonderful thing what a blessed event us a bad bad move. I haven't said that the only reason he's doing is to legitimize that baby
That you know that sure
And why why do that that's not even that's not fashionable anymore that work for me either so and so's boyfriend
Announces that so if he's having a their baby
Yeah, it's the American effing way now everybody's doing it. I have to get married
Don't have to get yourself legally entangled unless of course that for that family has a lot of cash are they loaded?
No, no like I said a real schmuck WQ I am
Hey, I talked to Neil speaking
Neil Rogers that's me
I
Call and say anything under 700 crocs the worst show I see
See now just is that does that make any sense to you though
The worst right see I don't find that my pull questions are usually like real cerebral that's what they require an IQ larger than
Five you always come up with a great question and half of the people don't get it. I mean anything on a 700 club
Uh
How about the home shopping network that's a bad job. Yeah. Oh my god. I hate when I got them
Joan Rivers is on here, right? I hate the toaster peddling her boovery animals
And at Ron Popeel Informershaw man that thing just this sends me right to the bowl
You know the weather channel to pretty bad show too especially the woman at pocket fisherman
the worst regularly scheduled TV show
TV show and the show of all time was her
I thought this was uh, an old brainer which is why we go over so big down there
Thompson has her the 18 touch by an angel tj hooker the magic johnson show
Night stalker golden girls oprah and who I five oh that just uh tears my gut said
I think I found you that to upset me but based on the theme that shouldn't be on there, but uh what do you think was great right?
Uh, what's his name was great dad? Oh, what's his name jack lord? Oh, Dano wasn't so great. He was kind of boring
He was Irish. What is it about the Irish that makes them so boring?
Is it because I don't find them boring at all. I find them fascinatingly drunken slutty
The drunken part I'd agree with yeah W.D.Q.I.M. Yes. Yes sir
Bill speaking
The worst to me it was so bad that I can't even remember the name but you would know is the one with Eric
Strada on a chip's chips
That one is the worst and listen. Yeah, she was really bad in that show mr. Strada. He was really bad in anything that he was bad
Listen, let it corny you are wrong and she was you read two bedtime stories about priests
That shows that two or three of them are straight
Have a good day. How do you associate your meters? Okay. I'm thinking that over. What was he trying to say?
Is that a great thing that's coming? Oh, that's what I thought he was saying
So chips I would agree now that's an excellent choice. That's a very good choice
The also not just Eric Strada not only was she annoying on that show but the the kid that looks like
Like hell
Could you there or that down? No the other they that real kind of like the
Pudgy face guy
Blan looking punky brown-haired kid that was on that show god almighty to see annoying me
He reminds me of Kurt Russell that same genre. Yeah, I don't know who you're talking about
I never watched it you never saw chips. I saw it, but I never watched it. I never got the intro right
chips, man
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 I'll tell you when I was in Amsterdam
Not recently, but like I told you this years ago like 5 6 7 years ago
I'm sitting there late at night watching
Flipping around from the naked people on TV to this channel. They got information on and there's
Erica strada peddling some diet pill made and then the addresses some some joint in Miami some crackery that he's peddling on there
Some magic pill that you lose way you just like turning into like a little puddle on the floor kind of like fat rich
You know, she has a smoke signals
cheap cell phone commercials. No, yeah, disposable cell phones. He's selling them
Yeah
She is really looking bad these days too, Mrs. Strada
Did I tell you the fat rich has lost about 1400 pounds since I saw him last time? I'm not even gonna recognize him
That's what you said
Okay, now is then we're gonna put the new pull I guess wait till after we get to tell about 11 30 something like that
We'll get the pull up there. I think the star voting about 30
No, but because there's got to be like a whole lot of this this pull is meaningless unless we get the real contenders on there
There's so many so many bad freaking shows and it's kind of like uh, you know, well how about anything out of 700 club, you know
That was almost in the same league with tell me how you attacked the buffet at the Emerald Coast
Almost
1056 at 560 WQM if you're in a really bad dead-end job working for peanuts
Maybe colleges to expensive and just don't have four years to try to find a life in a career
But if you can't afford 10 bucks a month and commit yourself a three nights a week for four months
Our good close personal pizons at fast train can help you achieve a new high-paying computer career
That's right. Get out of your dead-end job just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify
He gets you under road to a real life
So call fast train what he got to lose besides a really crap job call one
866 fast train and with four locations in town is funded by you convenient to remind me kindle
Poor what is it portalt St. Lucie
Feb. 5's a four-letter. Well begins with a p I was close
When you call 866 fast train you'll talk with a train career counsel
They offer you a day evening weekend schedules job placement hands-on training too
So pick up that little instrument right now call fast train at one
866 fast train their deferred payment is valid for your regular payments apply thereafter
Whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody an underpaid dead-end job or just looking to increase your net worth
This is the smart thing to do not like Frado, but the really smart thing call fast train tool free
One 866 fast train or check them on that wicked web at fast train dot com
My
And look all this is for trade or by six
You
I'm Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 q8m
The story of a young jockey don't care what anybody says
Something special about you. Oh horse and a dream. We're gonna do it boy. You and me. I'm gonna win that race
Just as soon as it can get you to stop taking a dump every two minutes fiber films presents. No. I just cleaned up
I'm warning you don't even think about it
But this gift but this you're never too far behind his behind
It's 11.1 at 560. I'm looking fill in mudgate. He usually is a pretty good factor, but he's uh, I don't know
I don't think this was a regular show that he's referring to the bill bitch. Can you think what he's talking about?
Well, no, I do, but I think it was like a special
There was one where he would do these bizarre things like like he says on here Elvis is still alive. It was uh
Periodical thing because I'm looking on a bill bispy on uh, yeah
Didn't you do the magician and of course Hulk
Incredible Hulk and incredible Hulk returns and true confessions. I'm looking under his movies and TV
I've handed up to here up to here where
Uh, Hannah Barbera Hall of Fame. Yeah, but I do too
Uh, tell all all this stuff and I don't I don't find that any of any show maybe somebody will know and it's so we can stick it up
You're prepping this facts about chips, but did they have to send 20 pages with all of the episode guides? No
We don't care. Okay, but what was that that I don't want to know that guy's name because that kid was very annoying
Not the other not the other uh cop
Yeah
Larry Wilcox was that his name? Yeah. Oh god. It was he annoyed. He was like a real Yehu
Yeah, see here this fact that you said of what's there a whole bunch of them
This proves our point and that is the no matter how simple and and straightforward the question is
The question is the worst regular regularly scheduled TV show of all time was it was they got Kendall for the show
Right, which was a horrible show, but was it a regularly scheduled show? No, was it like a real like a no
Merchled it was a freaking info
Merchled with Mark Jacobson and those of us who were like sucked into going on there and humiliating him bursting ourselves
If was good enough for David Woodley
Look good enough for me
He's dead by the way
I only know him from that bokeh Brian dead. I'm gonna start picking on David Woodley
Who he is he was a dolphin quarterback? Oh?
In fact, he went he was there when I went to the Super Bowl last time I do believe correct me if I'm wrong last off on appearance at a Super Bowl my right Miguel
Yes
David Woodley
He had to live her thing and he died. Didn't didn't he die or not? Just dream that
Scott does yes, he died
And he was like a young guy David, but he was like he died he died
Stead so say whatever you want about him because I won't bother him anymore. He was all right
How what about I'm talking about David Woodley where did that come? Oh, I can't tell you
Oh, and also I met Pete the Samper son in a little monkey Pete Samper's with us real uh monkey hands
Boy, he was a strange guy Pete Samper's whenever I see him playing tennis anymore. I always hope from the loose
monkey man
Harry or long fingers both
No, Harry and like like a claw
And I always thought that like a tennis player would have like soft hands. You know what I mean because it's why it just I don't know
It seemed to me it would go with the uh
He had very hard monkey hands your grip in the rack in addition to which in addition to which I taped my segment before he came on
He was after sitting watching and boy. He just he didn't get it at all
He just thought I was the strangest dude that ever came down the pipe. Maybe it was that nasty shirt you wore
Maybe he had a point
Anyway, here's somebody says Jerry Springer show I got that on there
Says those people uh he gets on his shore but are off in a circus sack. They are a circus sack
Mash somebody says mash, which will piss some people off. I I never watched it
Now to one move when Eric puts mash on a pull do we have to put the asterisk on us? Oh, sorry
Also, let's see the um because my little sister used to control the tibermotes as Christopher the absolute all-time
More sure it was the Brady bunch. That's a near okay the Brady but why you don't know?
I mean it's it was stupid and campy, but I mean in its time they hated it they didn't like it
Donnie and Maria Osmond show from the 70s. I'm writing that down and putting 70s and parentheses Donnie Marie 70s
Because they've had so many damn shows they've been on so many times right the variety shows
Oh and speaking of my good friend Donnie Osmond have you seen the new pyramid with Donnie Osmond?
Oh
Sorry don't watch it. It is so it's so bad. I mean
The formula is there you know there's the formula. Here's how you do it remember Dick Clark the way he did it and built culling to the
Whatever the other pyramid was that's how you do it, you know, and it's just
Donnie all I can say is you're a good guy. I love you, but you're trying too hard, man. It's just it's very sad
Hard castle and McCormack see I like the tone of this fact because just like they got a culling and said T.J. Hooker
It's like this is it here's the answer. Yeah, I like that be positive
Don't be like wow, you know wimpy like some people we know
Hard castle and McCormack was easily the worst show ever even he supposedly a hot rod car on his show with nothing
But a fiberglass VW how do you like that? All right, you got it hard castle McCormack
So here's the list we have so far before we get to our next pre-story
But it's like a four of these you know
The worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is Duksa has it the 18 touch by an angel T.J. Hooker
The magic Johnson show night stalker golden girls Oprah Hawaii five oh chips Donnie and Marie 70s that 70s show
Jerry Springer mashed the Brady Bunch or hard castle and McCormack now how about I'm gonna put a couple on here because nobody
Else is called him in yet green acres all right and Beverly Hill Belize
Beverly Hillbilly. Yes, you never watched it
What you never even watched it I watched as much of that as you watched of chips
It was a spoof of everything they made fun of everything it was
It was a show for Yahoo's for idiots. It was making fun of Yahoo's it was a show for morons
Went over your head that must have been it was too cerebral for me
Anyway, I put it down green acres and Beverly Hill Belize whether you like it or not granny's rolling in her grave
Six more men have come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct involving the Reverend Lawrence R. Stritt matter
Stemming from his tenure in two Cincinnati area Catholic schools in the 70s and 80s
Stritt matterline here was moved as associate pastor at St. Albert the Great Church in Kettering following allegations from two former elder high school students
That he says so unless to them while he was principal at the Cincinnati Procurel school when church officials confronted him about the allegations
Stritt matter said he really didn't remember but assumed it was true
huh
He knows himself
Is some response he didn't really remember i guess that whether or not many you know what i mean right
You would be like some of us try to remember all the people that we've had the sexual
Daltiencies with during our lifetime right couldn't possibly do it I could
Well, I couldn't cuz I'm a much bigger prouver than yeah much more successful right
Trust me. Anyway, here's one. It says my mother the car good choice. I like that. You know, I thought for the first time the other day
Yeah, never I only ever heard of it. What were they thinking?
They weren't
They were thinking that Dick Van Dyke was on it and Southern also and Southern played Van Dyke's dead mother who was returned
Earth as an antique car and Van Dyke's garage
That was the premise of the show on NBC 1965 my mother the car we got you down outstanding choice now
We're starting to get warm right we can put that list of anytime Erica gets around to it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM. Hello. I have the worst show ever. Okay.
Ready oh
Excellent. Oh, amen
He is the worst show. I think I might have to vote for that. Thanks a lot, Pally
See ya. He hall. I bet you that big in the trailer camps trailer parks all over Florida. I'm a
Bet you that was big in O choppy and two egg required watching in my house over there in lutes
temple terrace
Queer water. We're a weird are you T-NAT?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
We're killing some time before the big Marlon Dodger game. Maybe what do you think? What's the latest?
Consisting I'll go out during the break what are they are? I'll run out in the road during the break
We got maybe the Marlon's on deck at one maybe the Marlon's in the Dodgers at 135 whether permitting maybe Hank following all of that with some
Hurricane coach interviews or something like that and then the Dave wants that show at five you can bet
Miguel's life on that
That we got the Dave wants that show at five o'clock come hell or high water and
A reason for that being at tomorrow. We got another dolphin exhibition this game
The dolphins at the Jacksonville Jaguar is at seven with hours and hours of pregame and guess who's on before all life pregame starts I give up
One of our favorite people in the entire world my close personal friend
Joe Rose
They don't come no better than my good buddy Joe Rose. All right
He's got a big heart on yeah, we heard before
Five six seven oh five the room around town is that he's gonna be back on mornings on this station before you can say a moz out
WQA him hello. Hey Dave from
Yes, sir, okay number one marino get taken to school is a rookie by Joe Montana. That was the last Super Bowl appearance. Oh, yeah, right number two
Woodley pretty much had that game won until
The dolphins forgot how to tackle running back in the second half until one gave rigging some booze during half time
Yeah, that was very depressing wasn't that the game where Jimmy Cifilis got a touchdown pass correct put the dolphins ahead
Absolutely correct. I remember it like it was just last week and the other thing was
No one's even touching on the correct shows that are the most horrible thing to watch them
Two two suggestions
Petty coach Junction and the Golden Girls
Okay, so we already got Golden Girls so I can't not give her to him Petty coach Junction's excellent. Okay. Thanks, pal
Have a great one sir you too
Petty coach Junction see now you're gonna get open out of shape as he said more than one, but we already had the Golden Girls right
That's all right Petty coach Junction's a good choice
Outstanding almost as good as he off even though it was part of that whole
Beverly Hillbilly's Green Acres trilogy. Yeah, they all tied in together. They all revolved around
I'll see green acres. That was the one with the pig right
Speaking of auto by the way
I
Was gonna try to get through the entire day without mentioning auto because I get so agitated every time I think about it
He is what's wrong with America right there that steroid ridden womanizing illiterate piece of turd
Who's gonna be the next governor of California you can bet all of our lives on it. No, you just know it's true
Does he have any qualifications whatsoever does he have any background see at least Ronald Reagan they keep making comparisons
Ronald Reagan was a political activist
He was the president of the screen actors guilt and he used to be a liberal before that
But then all of a city became a right wing fanatic and whatever but at least for all of his wax down
Busted brown here at least he had some political background. Yes
But here is a man who all of a sudden sitting there in a green room on a J Leno show decided oh what the hell I'll do it
You know what the hell
When a gigantic ego trip absolutely
Do we have any idea other than while he's for gay rights?
He's for woman's choice on abortion. He's not a conservative as they would like the Republicans would like him to be big thinking deal
Okay, the man is an idiot. He's an imbecile like I said perfect for California
Excellent more power to him
So do you look out the window yet or not no going on well? Why not?
It's right. It's right there next to it behind all those naked pictures
1113 at 560 WQMD have kids going back to college in the next couple of weeks
Well if you do one I'll give them one of the comforts of home a new bed from dial amatris by calling
1 800 mattress you can order a new mattress for them from dial amatris for your college students
Send them up right in their off-campus apartment when you call 1 800 mattress
You can do I had enough campus apartment in the East Lansing one time
Yeah, a bunch of my friends came over and got drunk and put their a fist through the wall was very exciting
When you call 1 800. Well, they were very thin walls when you call 1 800 mattress
You can choose from dozens of models from Sealy
Surid the tempered pedicimens or King Coil at low student prices
It doesn't matter where the colors do in this head of their sting and soft photo or headed to Philly
Boston, the Orca Washington or maybe Michigan state and prestigious East Lansing the bedding experts at dial amatris can
They can feel like they're right at home get that bed right now by calling 1 800 mattress you get service like you only dream about
From the delivery team right number one in customer satisfaction anywhere is they carry only first quality name
Brand amatris is a discount prices no house brands no air regulars no seconds none of that crap when you call
dial amatris at 1 800 mattress you pick the day in time of delivery within a two hour window seven days a week from 8 a.m
Till 10 in the p.m. And they'll be sleeping well the very first night with low prices same day delivery free set of
Unremovable. It's easy to see why dial amatris is right number one in the universe in customer satisfaction and like I told you before
Everybody gets a student discount at dial amatris so call them today 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES or check them out online at
MacPris.com
dial amatris to easy the intelligent the inexpensive way to get you a great mattress and a great night's sleep
Guess what
What's that the audio vaults are down on the entire floor?
Well, I like the way you just came popping in there like well because we saw that they were shutting down as you were talking
Yeah, well you didn't give me time to like do nothing well
We didn't know for sure if it wasn't gonna work until we tried it and guess what?
Well, I guess in the meantime I'll play this Mr. Bryant you are entering a plea of not guilty
You'll be notified to your next court hearing next case looks bad. What were you thinking?
Well, I get this call from this little girl in Colorado and she says she was a big fan and in the last game that I call that bank off the glass
Sounds innocent enough. What I thought she said was she had big cans and what I liked a banger and I get the picture
You should have been using the split PCS wireless system clear connections even in remote mountain areas
Hey, uh, there any openings for any spokespeople. I'll have to get back to you on that
Okay, let me just say this we don't care about Kobe Bryant. I'm not sure we do not care. No
Not one little teeny tiny Iota
Not all the people in the media all the people in the universe all the King's horses and the Pope and all these other
Assholes, they're not gonna be able to make this kid give a crap about Kobe Bryant
I just don't care anymore than I care about Lacey Peterson who the who the f is Lacey Peter was Lacey Peterson anywhere
Who now? Why she
That chick I'll take to the stories that I really like are the ones that are on like on a and a is an a and here's a court
TV that's got those shows both
I don't know what you're talking about you know the ones where they have these these mysteries these court these cases from the past where they had
Both channels have similar
There was one I watched last night about these guys that were down somewhere in the islands
I got accused of murdering raping and murdering this chick. Oh, that was last night. Yeah, that was on my side
You see that 48 hours. That's awesome about. Yeah. Oh, that's right. It was 48 hours
But there are a lot of those similar shows that are on like court TV and yes
They are yes, there are but that was a very good 48 hours which are just founded by accident
I was just riveted to it and then in the end the British court said you kid me
Guy lied to his teeth just evidently the authorities there told this guy the details of the how she was drowned and how she died
right and
He just so he just you know testified made up the story that this guy had spilled a bean storm which is how he knew it
Although I will say this every time they show those four guys they look I know there's no sense thing is looking guilty
Is there really is isn't that only in our mind right?
Would you agree with me that they looked I don't know was something about the way they looked you know
Well, they were rich so they must be guilty. No, they look like they swallowed the cat. I don't know
Serious like they swallowed a freaking canary
Okay, the worst regularly scheduled TV show all time was or is we've got an impressive list building here
Dukes of hazard the a team touch by an angel TJ hooker magic Johnson show boy sure is beautiful here
You know it's like 80 degrees right now in sunny not a cloud in the sky night stalker golden girls opera
Why five? Oh chips?
Donnie Marie in the 70s jury springer mash
Whether without the asterisk
Brady Bunch hard-casual McCormick green acres. Well, I like to this last grouping here green acres Beverly Hill
Belize my mother the car he hawn pedicote
Man, and I'll put another one on there even though he just died and we liked him a lot. I guess we did
Barnaby Jones
Okay, you don't think that well see you're gonna watch any more shows. Oh, that was such a terrible show. It was so awful
Would Jebediah, you know, I mean here's this I mean at least Canon Canon was fun
I you know Canon was fat and he was funny and he waddled around
You know, and he laughing and puffing like a fat guy
But but but but the episode was an old man back then. I was how many years ago
About 30 man like a hundred years ago, and he was still all a daughtering old man
He was huffing and puffing and runded on the alley and Jebediah was doing this and who is the Leah what was your name?
Lee Grant
How would I do the former Miss America she was on the show or Lee Lee Remick Lee Mary whether Lee me like I said
I don't know. I'm just guessing that's right. It was really where they're very good. I'm just naming Lee's
WQ I am hello
Hey, how about the Neil Rogers show on whammy the worst regularly that was that could have been it
I hope so. Okay. Thank you. He hopes so
Was that a regularly scheduled TV show no no regularly scheduled. Yeah, it was irregular
It was an embarrassment make no mistake about it. Was that a TV show? No, it was in a boshin WQ I am I got you free
See there you go wow
What nothing I'm just impressed. I got I got too for you. I'm not I'm not doing two. There's no let me say it again
But if I ask you this question what is the best steakhouse in South Florida?
Here's the list. What is the best Italian restaurant? Who is the biggest asshole?
We know who that is
But I mean we're talking about one not two not three not a whole bunch
Third man one I
Hate that and this I mean we've we've kind of like cut that way back
We've we've trimmed it back so to speak
After you did that pubic here our polio that day we've trimmed it back
Closely, but God almighty give me a break though pick one okay pick one stick your finger in air roll it around a little bit
Don't make it bleed and pick a big one. Okay. Pick a good one the worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time was or is
Think about it a second. Okay. Give it a little bit of thought for like four or five seconds and then narrow it down
I realize it's a momentous decision. It's very very important. This will be going like an against booker records
WQ a m online nine, which is always suspect hello
Okay
Okay, the chaviche show
Chaviche show was done for about five minutes. Yeah, well, I mean it was still and we was regularly scheduled
It was awful and right and the guy has a no-town ass
Exactly thanks, palmy good choice
See there's another case of a guy we like him a lot made some very funny movies
He was great on Saturday night live all the other things he did, but his show was so bad
Right oh, yeah, it just like Robin. It's a Robin Williams syndrome all over again
Funny guy we used to like him before he got a little bit too ponderous
We you know oversaturated but almost every movie he made including the one that I told you with the Matt Damon oh
Man even in Des Moines, Iowa they never saw Korn that tall good God. What's the name of that movie? He made with Matt Damon
You know what I'm talking about mr. Good good good
Feeling good will good will hunting. I think that was the one that's got did you guys see that movie? I
Didn't yeah, and it was no good
Who ponderous is the word and so corny man. I mean so predictable and so corny
Right all Robin Williams needs to do is put that that red ball on his nose, you know
He can perpetually just be patch Adams was that was that it was that the name of the movie patch Adam
He can be that character all the time because that's what he wants to be it seems
He always wants to have the little red rubber balls. I was always doing that always on
5 6 7 0 5 60 it's just like what's his name? What's his name the Jewish comedian? Iron Cone?
Jackie Mason okay
Myron Cohen having you myron Cone was a Jewish comedian long before you were born
Boy and well, I'm saying myron Cone. I'm thinking about Jackie Mason
I that's a true story 1956 in the what that was the name of that hotel on Miami Beach
I've put it this before the Eden Rock okay
I've personally to see Jackie Mason in 1956 that's 47 years ago. He was an old man then
Mm-hmm doing the same stick doing exactly the same stick. He's always on he's always the same
He always does exactly the same thing. He talks the same. He always does the same jokes
He sounds like somebody we have here and
Are you picking on Mo?
Why not the Jackie Mason show why not do you remember that?
He did that
That political show where they were like fighting with each other and he had the blacks and the whites and the Jews and the glam and it is
And the Jackie Mason show that was unbelievable
Revenue that was this all of a sudden this guy who was a stand-up comic for about 700 years now
He's a political naven. He's a guru when he's got he's got the Schwarzenegger on there
But he crackers in the boy and they were like getting their brawls and fist bites
That was probably the precursor to Jerry Springer without the laughs
WQ I am
Was that you cracking your knuckles or was that on the phone? Let me crack in my knuckles. Oh, I see WQ. I am hello
Nobody there anyway WQ I am
How big your foreign
Okay, party fight party the baddest or
Too late he's gone. He said the name of the show is Barney. Okay, I don't know
Barney Miller by probably Barney five I don't know crossing across and out. That's my fault
I hung up on him to before we can get the thing
Well, he just said it in such a way you know what I'm saying. I mean if we're gonna get into kitty shows. I mean come on
The Paul says it could the answer to the question just ask Gokobran. He'll tell you could be the pinky Lee show
It could be a kid show it could be a cookla fran in Ali. Oh, you better not be picking on that show
It could be what was the show with what's your name Francis Horwich?
I don't know ding ding dong school. Oh, you don't know your ding dong mister. No, we have it here at work though. Yeah
And that's because that place is for ding dong's man
Yeah, all you have to do is work there about a week and all of a sudden you get the realization like hey
This isn't the real radio station. We say hey now you got now you're on to it
Now you're catching on to the name of the game the program
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon. There've been so many so many
So the audio voltage back up the question is over there not in our studio
But never miss we have the ability to play commercial somehow some way do we want to make up that break all in one chunk or spread it out
Well, what does that mean that in other words you want me to do like a seven-minute break? No, I don't want you to do anything
I just know we're not gonna be doing that all the way do notice we've got like we've got a couple of three-minute breaks here
And it's out so we can we can fill those out and
Then in the new hour there's a couple of three minute you we have no problem
We'll spread it because we have enough enough three-minute breaks here for the audience by the way
We're programming the log on here here. You ought to be used to it
No, we're just trying to figure out what else going on because the equipment keeps breaking down the freaking audio vault
And that that brings me back some really bad memories with that audio fault
Yeah, when we first came to QM and they were playing those
Money cards that you couldn't understand and I was screaming hey Greg you can't understand the spots
And they and they thought like why are you making trouble?
Okay, we don't care whether you can understand the spots or not as long as we place something we can build a client and can collect the money
That's the QM FN wait like it says and that sign up on a wall in there just to give us the FN money. That's our mentality
If you sign a contract with us to run some spots
Hey, maybe they'll get on maybe they won't maybe they'll people can understand them
Maybe not maybe they'll run during the ball game. Maybe they'll run during this show
Maybe they'll run at three o'clock in the morning. Maybe they'll run in the low rated mohauer David had show
Absolutely, but regardless just pay up the FN money
Oh, we got the pull is up there the new pool okay, which we're still building
But I'm sure we'll get some votes 26 past 11 at 560 WQ and we may or may not have Marlon's baseball at one
If not we got the we don't know
I guess if the game gets raining out we got Joe Rose coming in that which is always which is always a treat don't we like Joe a lot oh, yeah
The more airtime Joe gets the happier makes us because it just it's it
Re-familiarizes the audience with a sounded Joe's voice it makes them come feel comfortable knowing that he'll be coming back doing mornings again
Very soon. That's the word on the street even even up here. That's the buzz in Toronto
You know that Joe Rose is gonna be doing mornings on QM and why me again people are talking about that all over the place here
They're handing out leaflets
Hey, if you're on the Athens or any other low-carb or sugar free died
You really ought to know that there's a store that's dedicated entirely for you the lights at West Bokeh
It's the number one low-carb store in the world with over 900 low-carb sugar free products in stock
The lights at West Bokeh is always adding new ones every month and this month is no exception
It's head back in June on this copy try their new low-carb instant cup of soup just add water and microwave
It's a low-carb meal on a cup in four delicious flavors
Be sure to try the new simply delicious low-carb muffins or a quick breakfast
You're on individuals chis a size cheesecake and the list goes on almost forever low-carb hot cocoa apple cider
Blondies and brownies a great selection of low-carb pasta sauces
Dressings chips chocolates their famous carbolite ice cream due these low-carb peanut brittle
Carbolite ready during chocolate vanilla shakes into low-carb meal and a can and now the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars
And you'll also be saying at last thank goodness for this because there's no multidol which means you always
Have your day on the pot don't forget all atkins brands products are on sale all day every day at the lights of West Bokeh
They're open daily 10 to 10 and you'll find them on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market
Call them toll free at 1 877 low-carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com
Don't forget the lights of West Bokeh as your official atkins retail center
We're sports radio 5c.t. UAM
Congratulations get a light
This is Kim art. Don't use that kind of language around me over the kovale
Yes, I stop it. 50 friends when they roll into town they are a sight to see
Those five-wheeled press came in a big SUV
Transling and gigging on my TV
Those queer eye for the straight guys are more like five women to me
They care of your bedroom and throw out your clothes
Wax your eyebrows, block the hair from your nose
They're good at their job, but to face into peace
Cuz those queer eye for the straight guys are more like five women
And?
With
more than even your wife
by the time that they leave you
you're thinking their way
it's no longer a bit spread
it's now a new bed
and you find yourself shopping
for fresh poultry
those queer eye for the straight
guys are more like five women
to me
it's okay
everyone went to the bed now
look at that
it's nice here to save it
I don't know
but if they're in town
please send Carson
and his friends to me
I guess we ought to point out
if anybody missed the show on Tuesday
that that cackled
the new sound you hear is our own
mark Eisenberg
from the Joe and Mark show overnight
with needs a lot of work
and you said he was dull
he is
but it goes to show an issue
we can make even the dullest of the
dollars
pretty entertaining
how do you like that?
in fact there is a program
suggestion for Joe and Mark
they would just play that cackle
overnight
gotta do better than a one-five
a 1.5 share
I mean how many people does that
translate to a three in the morning?
about 30 minutes
pretty lame guys
see but again
this is business
not personal
for all it's confused with that
there's no I have no problem
with Joe Castello
with Mark Eisenberg
with Joe Rose
with Hank Goldberg
with Ed Kaplan
with Jim Manage
with Geldie
with who might even
out with the big
uh...
oh right
right
with Joe Zagak
even though he's the terminal
on the air
I like all of those people
some of Malad
some of them
eh no but seriously
we all get along fine
there's only one person
absolutely
who's the Chigrenwood
probably everybody hates him
like poison
but the rumor on the streets
is even the Ashewa Ontario
they're talking about it
the same man
have you heard the Joe Rose
old number 80 is going to be
back on that morning
show pretty soon
that's the rumor
that's the story
on the rate fine
from Greg Reed
now let's see here's a
fact from Teddy
and uh... where the Teddy is
in Miami
chronic fact
he says your poll is not
up yet
well guess what Teddy
whenever he faed
I'm sure that it was not
but it's up right now
and the magic Johnson
show 11 is leading
for show it was only on
for like about five minutes
it's very very impressive
he has got that 11
from magic
it's 6 for a he ha
6 for Oprah
you could knock me over
with a feather on that
I mean not that I disagree
it's a bad show
but the worst all time
seven for Oprah
she's moving to the second
place that fat bitch
my mother the car five
Jerry Springer show five
douche by an angel four
the 18 four
and the 70s
Donnie Marie shows got four
Max your pier
we're just getting this thing
going
now let's see
Teddy says who wants to be
millionaire
which is what you said
before the show started
and I said
I don't think so
although I think
it's the best
one since then
but it but get it on
there
it's big now
it's big in about the
not no more
also it says the Tom Green
show
which incarnations
well it says
I'm thinking
about the original one
he was eating the
worms and stuff
on the earth
I don't know what happened
with him
like I told MTV
destroyed him
but originally he was
just a panic
he was a really funny guy
and they just made
him into an asshole
and I think
maybe when they
sucked that one nut
out you think they did it
maybe that was
where the talent was
maybe all of his humor
was in that one nut
that he lost
got to who he never find
that nut again
maybe we could stuff
that up somebody's
I don't want to mention
no name
I love using nuts
inject a little humor
in that morning
she went
I was thinking a little
bit earlier than that
when we already got humor
on the for real show
he haughties
and beevison but
had also pretty
trim and see
now he's got a list
sorry Teddy
making a list
should this story
about the big old
defense is this
even worth reading
I don't know
no it's cute
but it's just
I see Greg and
sunrise Greg just
looking to take a little
shot not actually Greg
says something nice
he said it could have been
a good show
got it
yeah it's going to
fax this one fax this
one person's fax to you
but they fax the same
fax five times
so no way
which one
I'm not even going to
say what it is
you haven't gotten it
thrown it away
well give me
one other
was it a bad idea
but five freaking
faxes of the same
thing the same
why are you such a
goddamn heart-ass
man
it's the way I
mean
the way I mean
Greg and sunrise
are the worst TV
so we're not going to
do local shows
but he said the
near Roger Shaw and
whammy which he's
right it was an
embarrassment
the lack of quality audio
and poor production
new day potentially
great program
the whole thing was
an abortion
they kept putting
these stupid long
phone calls on there, no
No matter what I tell them, they would listen to me because they were the experts and the
so on happen to that whole whammy experiment.
No, say, I'm laying glaze a key is what they said, the big sign on the door there now.
Let's see, hello Larry says somebody, get that on there right away.
Warren and Boca says, Coprock, producer Stephen Boshko's attempt at combining music with
police drama September, December, 1990, a piece of direct.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
You had in these?
Yes.
Somebody says, little house on the prairie, poor Michael Landon.
Come on now.
Boy, oh boy, this is really a, but we're putting them all on here.
We're not, we're not going to censor whatever you want on here.
We're sticking them in some of them surprising like Oprah.
I mean, her showed us blow, but obviously there are a lot of people out there who are deeply
and bitterly offended and wish the hell that bitch would go away and never to help come back again.
In addition to which most of the audience's male, anyway, and most of the males are intelligent
enough to realize that she just appeals to like you say the fact shot in women.
Oprah.
Yeah.
So we got a little house on the prairie.
I don't know.
Then he became, he became a religious nut, didn't he?
Wasn't he was Jewish?
Yes, but Michael Landon, religious Jewish.
And then, but no, but it wasn't he like, didn't he become a born again Christian or something?
No, it just became very from like Julie Brumman.
Somebody says rip tie.
I don't remember that.
So I remember the name some detectives or something.
Well, get it on there right away.
How we did the whole list of them and to make sure we got them all?
Somebody says Ralph Renex Montage sucked.
Okay, again, that's a local show.
Nobody remembers that.
It was awful because Ralph was boring.
I remember.
You remember Montage?
Sure.
Well, what do you expect?
He was a boring guy.
I still, I don't care what anybody says.
As boring and dull as he was, he was a legend in a local news business.
We've had very, very few people in doing news on TV and soft-flot over the over the, all
the years I've been there.
But third man.
Who have really made a difference.
Who have meant anything.
He was one.
And Bishop was another one.
And I wonder if Sandy still got her body locked up in a trunk.
Do you know that Sandy had paid in stole the trunk from Jazz McCain has got and Bishop's
body in it.
And every now and then she drives over to the channel to and parking lot and Dwight sneaks
out and eats a little.
Well, what was I going to say about, oh yeah, the news people.
I'll tell you who I really liked who was great.
Who was outstanding.
But he was smart enough to get there a lot of town when that was John Hamburg.
Yeah.
Were you around when John Hamburg called in and when I was doing the Dion album, the
Yo Frankie.
No.
That was on Zeta.
No, it was not.
It was an IOD.
Well, that was that first year then.
I wasn't there yet.
It was the first year in IOD and I was playing some cuts from the Yo Frankie on which by Dion,
which was just sensational.
And Hamburg called on here because he wanted to and I said, hey, we can get you a copy.
Oh, no, I want to pay for it.
He was a great news guy, John Hamburg.
He was very flamboyant.
He was a real performer, you know.
Little on the corn ball side.
But he was good.
But the name me, I mean, please don't tell me like Tony Siger, Siger Redo, that silly
goose.
Who else?
Joe Rose.
Joe's not a news gun.
Talked about the news people and, please don't, don't start.
Now that I'm building you up to the level of that he'll never match, now you're trying
to find, you know, a jinx in the wood pile like I was his.
His work on TV.
Why you watch channel six news sometimes and you watch him doing the sports?
No.
No.
Soon as the sports comes on, man, you're back sniffing armpits again somewhere and
it's certainly not at home.
Nineteen till noon at 560 WQA.
I keep thinking about that episode you had last Thursday.
I can't believe, I just can't believe you survived that.
I don't either.
Seriously, it was an out of body experience.
I think the audience should know.
I go on vacation.
I had, you know, an okay time.
Amsterdam is, it's not what it used to be.
What is all right?
And my first day that I come back, not even working, it's this past Monday.
Monday morning, I just happen to be in here just seeing if everybody's still alive down
there, which I guess that was the good, that was the appropriate question.
And and George says, has anybody talked to you?
Was anybody, and I'm thinking, oh, here we go again.
It's always the same.
Has anybody talked to you like, like what?
I was only gone for a few, a week and a half.
It's long enough.
Oh my God.
See, when you, when you go away for a few days of QM, you do have to wonder when you
come back.
Is everybody still alive?
Is there going to be a crater where the station is?
Right.
That's right.
18 till noon at 5.60 WQ.
And by the way, the good piece of news is, speaking of consistency, Gary Sarner still
an asshole.
If you're even thinking about making a sports wager this year, think VIP sportsbook.com.
They've been here for years.
You know, this is the time of year for all the sportsbooks start to claim that they're
the biggest or the best because football's starting up any second.
Don't send your money to some book in Costa Rica in the jungle somewhere, play with a sports
book with class with people you can be trusted.
VIP sportsbook.com is the safest book you'll ever hear about.
They're the oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands.
100% legal a license by the Netherlands Gaming Commission VIP sportsbook.com is soft
load his favorite sportsbook.
Sign up before the NFL regular season and you can bet on all the soft load of teams juice
free.
You want bet on the dolphins.
It's 100 to 100.
You want bet on the hurricanes.
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about ever having to lay 110 to 100 on your home teams.
All preseason sonops get a 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny money max play bonus VIP sportsbook.com.
Check them out online or call them at 1-866-VIP bets.
That's 1-866-VIP bets for VIP sportsbook.com.
We're like always tell you you be the VIP.
I am your own.
This is sports radio bike system.
You way up.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money.
She's got a lot of money but she's got a lot of money.
Baby, she's got a lot of money.
How come nobody's mention that show you?
You Best?
We want to put it on there you bet. I'm sure it'll do very well the end of the
Cole show you know the Bloodhound gang has got to be one of the most underrated groups
of all time I love the Bloodhound gang. Great, don't you?
You and me baby, ten, two and like Madonna and half a Latino gang bang if you want
us. Yeah a little bit too far out for mainstream America that's what a Bloodhound gang did make it big there.
Gigantic in Europe. Oh well Bill says just to clarify the actual name of that abortion
from the ex-lakers star was the magic hour but I think we'll leave it the way it is
so they know what it is since it is in first place magic joss of the 18 votes
that's here for the magic man. Patty I think it says. Oh
Patty says the worst show of all time was Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman. Got it? Got it.
List is growing. I love this story because it's more indication you that the US is in the dark
ages I keep telling you instead of in the stone age New Zealand Parliamentary Committee
recommends liberalizing nation's marijuana law. Oh right. Just like here in Canada
I'm looking out the window there's a guy with a big bang carrying like red on his
shoulder. Just walking down the street puffing away with a big smile on his
purse. Members of a select committee urged Parliament to give a high priority to
weak a high priority. Is that a play on words? To be classified cannabis so that
minor offenders no longer face a criminal conviction in the fire. You know what you
could do something on every phrase in here is that minors were talking about it no
longer face a criminal conviction in a final report released last week by the House
Health Committee in Wellington New Zealand. Their conclusions marked the end of a three-year
inquiry by the committee to assess marijuana's health risk and determine an appropriate legal
status for the drug. We recommend that the government give a high priority to
with reconsideration of the classification of cannabis. I'll offer is also recommended
first time marijuana users be diverted drug treatment rather than face criminal
sanctions. Marijuana rest currently comprising estimated 95% of all drug
arrest in New Zealand. Marijuana position is punishable by up to three months in jail
and if I would have a dollar fine. So like the rest of the civilized world except for
the US moving away from this trying to put everybody in goddamn jail for the wacky
weed. By the way speaking of our bedtime stories you see this views on the economy
worsened did you see that one? Yes you didn't see any of them. No I looked I looked
at this morning. Did you take a puke? Just like that. 60% of the people now say the
economy is bad and a majority disapproved of the way I'll present they is handling
it. That'd be a good pull question one day for you to take who's
Dumber Arnold Schwarzenegger or George W. And that's tough. Like that. Who's more
articulate? 5 6 7 0 5 60 let me run down the whole list real quick the worst regularly
scheduled TV show of all time. We're talking network shows not local shows
it said we're talking they know what we're talking about. No they don't. Well they
better. Dukes and Hazard the 18 touch by an angel. Oh by the way when that last
break started before was it this last one or one before that? What?
Evidently you're still playing the spots out of the other studio? Not and not no
mode. Oh because I couldn't hear the breaking I'm sitting here. Oh that was the
previous time. That was out of the other studio. Yes. I see. We're okay now.
Okay. Dukes and Hazard the 18 touch by an angel TJ Hooker magic Johnson
show Night Stalker Golden Girls Oprah Hawaii 5. Oh chips Donnie Marie the 70
show Jerry Springer Mash the Brady Bunch hard castle McCormick Green Acres Beverly
Hill Billy's my mother the car. He ha I don't even want to say that you know.
He ha ha ha. Pettico that was very good. Pettico Junction I know you lived in Montana
for a while. It's not part of the Jones Jackie Mason show.
Cop Rock Riptide Little House on a Prairie. Hello Larry the Tom Green show
who wants to be a millionaire in the end of the cultural. That will leave anybody out. I don't think so.
Sounds right. WQA and hello. Yes sir. Yes is Neil there speaking.
No. I'm right here. Yeah right in my chair. What does what does Hillary Clinton and
Panty? Okay the Chevy Chase show I forgot to read that one. Did we ever get that on
there while he's doing his joke that we're not going to listen to Chevy Chase.
I don't think it made it to the site yet. I see. I forgot to read that just because I had written I
had written in a strange place off to the side but somebody Alex just fact then to
remind us it says the Chevy Chase show was so bad last day about a five episode.
Pettico wasn't correct. It was an abortion baby. It was bad. You won't see that no
mo. In fact speaking of mo we're going to see him. Absolutely not.
I don't know. They're just a lot of rumors swirling around.
And you know to hear how frantic he is to try to mend fences with me and he's offering
to take me to lunch and he's called me by my actual like you know Neil Rogers of
this. I mean who the hell are you kidding man? Forget about it. It's too late.
Ain't going to happen. Like Cornelia's brothers and sister Rose said it's too late
back to turn your muskrat back in. Isn't that what they said? Yeah. You jackass.
You simple then you invasible. Absolutely. You've seen that old coat with
checkered pants and bad varicose veins and a smelly bag. He should all do it.
We have drug bills. Jesus.
In fact I think what we're going to do is we're going to try to like grab Ted Williams head
onto his body or just the hair to change his attitude. Well Ted's already got
some nice hair on there. It comes with a package. We can bring Bellalagosi
and Boris Carlaw back just for a couple of hours to work on it. Saw off most
of his head and stick Ted Williams head on his body. I think I got a winner there.
I think it would be sensational. Oh then we also had this small problem.
We got this story on a website. Don't forget by the way we got fresh new
stories on there like when you get up in the morning every day now. It's not
having to wait hours and hours until well you know you know the way it was. Yeah.
Yeah you do. I still don't understand why you revived them. Schwartz Nager films
would trigger FCC equal time rule. I don't know. So the good news is that you won't be
seeing turn it on your at least in California. They won't be turning on their TV
and be watching total recall or the Terminator or different strokes with Gary
Coleman the next several months or at least next couple of months.
Because if they put those shows on there it would allow rival candidates all
hundred and thirty fiber whatever they're to demand equal time.
So if you live in California, why don't I even read that? Do we have anybody
listening in California? No. Maybe not. We might have one or two five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line WQAM. Hello.
We will call you as soon as possible. What the hell was that? That wasn't the
usual. What was that? That's the answer machine. WQAM. Hello.
Hi. Is this a Q&A? Yes sir.
Hi. I want to get on here. Go ahead. You're on right now. Okay. Got a show for us?
Excuse me? I say what what's up? Okay. Yeah. I wanted to I wanted to throw in a
shuttle. I think they mentioned go right ahead with Vicky Lawrence Mama family.
What was it called? I think it was Mama's family that like old show that
he had like a white wig on and was like a redneck family.
Mama's family. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. Probably you're saying yes. That was the name of the show.
That was the name of the show. Mama's family. I remember I remember Mama.
I remember I remember Mama because it's before you were born all three of you put
together there before you were born. I remember Mama. I remember Mama's family.
The car. Do you know what you're that was? I bet you that was like 1955. I'm almost
tempted to get the TV book out but I'm not going to do it or we can wait for
a book of Brian to come. Yeah. I remember Mama. He had the only old
trolls all of them. Probably Moe could remember that one. Absolutely. Yeah. No was only about 50
when that show was on back in about 55. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Yeah. Let's go to the
let's all go to lunch with Moe at Scougans. What do you say? No. Bring your own
glass. B Y O G. Most of the restaurants in San
Forty have to bring your own glass. I especially like it. What's the one where
a skipper Chuck always try tropical acres. Oh yeah. I walk in there and you hear
all that sound. And you realize it's all the glass is fizzing all the
color on the tables. There's sponsor. Yeah. Why are you telling me that?
Oh, no. Was that me? I'm in there a sponsor on this show. No on the station
somewhere. Well, let me ask you. Is the Miami Hero run spots on the station?
I don't know. Yes. Are we going to stop ripping a hero? No. Okay. Just just
to keep that in mind. Okay. Take it on the consideration.
11 57 at 5 60 WQM. I'll tell you who's advertising on a show for a long
time now. They'll be here forever. And that's our friends at Halibut
EX EMC announcing a 2003 Neil Deal blowout sale like the likes of which you
never heard going on right now at Halibut EX. Get the lowest prices in town
from Tom Leman and Joe Prieto. Neil Deal number one gets 0% financing for 60
months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock. Neil Deal number two get up to
a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock. All you created
a former military personnel gets yourself an initial $750 rebate from your
friends at Halibut right now. You can buy yourself a 2003 Pontiac Sunfire
for only $11,998 or a full size year or for just $15,998. Hurry in now because
inventors are limited. And they continue offering you this. I don't know why,
but they're doing it. You can test drive any vehicle on the life for 24 hours.
Take it home. Take it to work. Take it to the ballgame. Take it to the massage
partner wherever you like. Have a great time. And as always, Halibut's got a great
unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned car trucks and SUVs. And it credits
been a problem with the passive car dealerships. It's no problem at Halibut
ever. Halibut EX EMC 13401 Softix, the highway that's US one across from the
falls open every day seven days a week. If you want more information on these
neal deals, just call the neal deal hotline. It's tool free called one
Tribal 8 534 4121. That's one Tribal 8 534 4121 and don't forget all neal deals.
Subject to credit approval. See our friends at Halibut for all the details.
That's Halibut EX EMC who are definitely professional.
Grey.
Why in local here sports radio 560. You a
UAM.
This did candy. I like to relax by having Mary Magdal on the side of my balls
while listening to the neal rodgers 12 to 1 hour.
Hey honey, I'm kind of hungry. What do you say we go somewhere to eat?
Hey, I got it. Let's go to Hooters.
No, I got a better idea.
Come on, a better idea than Hooters. Alright, what is it?
Just wait. You'll see.
Ladies, if you're tired of your man dragging you off to Hooters so he can watch
with a jiggle fest, now you have an alternative. It's honkers. All our
waiters are manning tiny little orange satin cheese rings for the jiggle all their own.
Hi there and welcome to honkers. My name's Dick.
And I'll be your winner this evening.
Hello, Dick.
Oh my gosh, honey. He's hardly wearing anything and he's jiggling all over the place.
This is disgusting.
Relax, dear. Honkers is no worse than Hooters.
Hey, Dick.
Yes, ma'am. Are you ready to order?
Yeah, how much for this?
Honey, jeez. I can't believe you did that. That's so, that's so sexist.
Come on, honey. I jealous, are you?
No, I just, honey, can't we go to Red Lobster instead?
No, I'm not in the mood for seafood. I want meat. Hey, hot stuff.
Honkers, carpet tables are turned.
Honey.
Come on, two of five, six, eight, eight.
Marlowe Thomas in that girl.
Danny Thomas ain't going to be too happy about that. He's been dead a long time.
Danny Thomas. Yeah.
And then there's another one that makes no sense at all.
WSVN news. Is that a, is that what we're talking about?
No, it even said no local shows.
WSVN news. Major director with our work sensors, their goals.
Please let me know what started the mo.
Can you read this? No.
The most sex, anal, whatever. I don't know.
All about the world champion and rape me. Well, that because he said it.
Yes, he did. We have proof. Right.
But that one's on the, on the thing, right? It's not on the key.
No, he vetoed it.
Well, Chamberlain rape me. Well, I'll be, well, what? He said it.
Come on, Mo.
So anyway, that's what started. He said, well, Chamberlain raped me.
And we decided we'll be a very amusing thing. And after that, all of a sudden, he's getting raped by everybody.
They all jumped on the, absolutely.
Van Wagon.
Five, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60.
I worked on a weather radar there from the Asgum Sentinel and a hero, both of them.
And it looks, I don't know, it's the era of notices that the game will go on.
But it's not definite yet. Well, keep talking because I got to fix my fast machine.
It's a pretty good thing.
Well, I had a very rare paper gem. There was almost never happens in my very expensive brother, Frank's machine.
How about better than that piece of crap you got there? Yeah, what is it?
It's written right now as I speak. Okay, let's get this list billed out.
We got the Magic Johnson, so 26, Jerry Springer, 15, Oprah, 14,
tied with touch by an angel. He haulsed, got 12.
The O'Rourke show out on Wami, 10, which I didn't even know we put that on there.
My mother, the car, nine, the eight team, eight, Donnie and Marie, the 70s version of it, seven, and in the cold,
but you just put that on there, right?
I've already got seven. Let's see. Here's one that says the worst show ever was Adam 12.
Another one you wouldn't watch because it was a cop show. Yeah.
One Adam 12. This is one Adam. Well, you're right. It was a horrible show.
But I liked the one guy that was on it and one cop Adam.
Manimal. I know.
Now see, I know the name of that show, but what the hell was it?
It was a cop who turned into an animal to fight crime.
Are you sure? Yeah.
Manimal. Okay, get that on there right away. They'll get some votes.
Now, let's see. Look at this. Look at this. Facts. Holy cow.
Good stuff. The first concerning your poll, if I can say that,
I nominate sex in the city. Okay, get that on because it has the most ridiculous premise in the history.
It tries to create a sex symbol out of arguably the most monstrous being everywhere on stage or screen.
In Sarajesica Parker, that beast could gag a maggot.
You think Matthew Broadway could have chosen a more realistic beer.
No man alive could do that creature. Also, no way that does a Y5O belong on his list.
Well, I agree with that, but it started with possibly the greatest in music and television history.
I'm going to get the music out during the break. All right. You got it. I got it here.
Okay. In fact, wait a minute.
That's a little bit more.
That's a little bit more.
That's a little bit more.
But I'll let on it Cecil.
Oh, man, just getting to the good part too. Good.
Okay. Oh, there was a good part. I haven't heard that yet.
Later. Let it go. Let's see. This number two.
And I think these are the ones that have this, these discs that I got here.
These CDs have got the, like little clips from PSAs, you know, like a Raymond Boyd.
Oh, yeah. I know that what you talk about.
But there won't be on it. I don't know.
Maybe Jack Lort will be on there saying something in a squishy voice or Zulu.
Anyway, it goes on to say I had the greatest in music and TV history.
McGear was maybe the biggest hardass ever on TV.
And it had really recurring character was without it.
I wanted to great TV villains of all time.
The spy master all around arched criminal from red China. Wolf fat.
Says the only other TV bad guy who comes close is Dr. Miegelito Lovelace on the wild, wild west.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
This takes your breath away.
I need to tell almost as good as the theme that I'm always playing.
What's the theme that I'm most playing?
Party Jones.
Party Jones always gets his man. Is that on here?
Oh, why am I playing these stupid ass themes again? How do I get sucked into this?
That's good. It's fine.
Where now is Barnaby Jones not on this one? I'll find it.
He always gets his man.
Bill Ross. I bet he's dead from Channel 7.
I'm the only one who knows who Bill Ross was.
You know who the other guy was Wayne Chamber because he's due that kiddie show.
That's right. The Sunday funny thing I watched it often with Toby.
Anyway, it says I like Wayne Chamber. He was a good guy.
Also, the dolphins were in the Super Bowl actor David Woodley played Marine or took them there in his second and greatest season 1984.
They got their asses handed them by the 49ers.
There's somebody said before Joe Montana wrote just made them look like monkeys.
That's right. You can't say monkeys.
Look what happened to Howard Cosell with Alvin Garrett. Remember that?
Yeah. Alvin Garrett?
Who?
How about leaf Garrett?
Oh, yeah.
Finally, go easy on that nut job. Dennis, you have to feel sorry for him.
No.
No, I feel sorry for us.
For years, you told us how the ranks of the Roman Catholic clergy were populated by perverts and weirdos.
The only people who could possibly be attracted to that insane and human involved celibacy bull crap.
It turned out, of course, that you were 100% correct, which is galls the hell out of old Dennis.
I mean, if you were so correct about that, it forces him to face the possibility that you might be right
when you say Catholicism, Christianity, and general religions are harshmid.
Everything he's believed this whole life that he learned from his mommy and daddy, Horshmid.
There'll be no great reunion way up in heaven with his dearly departed grandma
with his long dead pet dog buddy or with anybody else.
I didn't know Dennis had a dog named buddy.
When you're dead, you're dead.
You've shaken his whole world view, which is why he's so insanely obsessed with you.
Dennis is truly an object worthy of pity.
It's his...
What it says, he's an object worthy of pity.
I was thinking of it in simpler terms like...
Oh, look at that. Can you believe what just happened here?
He's an asshole.
Yeah, actually.
Well, I got all these disclin' around.
Got a lot of unplanned heavy-duty crap going on here. It's a little bit too much like work.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
The worst regularly scheduled TV show of all time is or was...
WQA-M?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what about Joni loves Chachi?
What's got K-O?
Was that the name of the show?
Yeah.
Yeah, you're right.
Even I'm a burst of it that everyone's there.
Put that on there. It's gonna win.
It's on. Thanks, Pally.
All right.
I'll be knocking Scott Baeomey.
You watched it?
Oh, that's right. Scott Baeomey.
Joni loves Chachi.
I like Joni too, but not enough to watch that show.
I like Chachi a lot, and I don't have to watch that show.
He was okay. He had his moments.
Let's see, what am I looking for now?
Barney Miller?
Barnaby Miller?
Yeah, that's good.
Remember Barnaby and Barney Miller?
Sure.
I watched that cop show.
Oh, here's Barnaby Jones.
One moment, please.
56670560, pound 560.
Just a couple of times.
Well, what I've got here is scared the crap out of me when you did that.
Ha ha ha.
Battle card, go back to that one.
Okay, that's enough of that crap.
Let's get the good stuff on.
That's not already, Jon.
Oh, it's sneak into the bar and be Jones.
It's a three to the fan from Cisco.
There we go.
All right.
Barnaby Jones always gets his man.
In fact, did you ever see Bill Ross and Moe together?
No, I think it was the same person.
Sorry, Bill.
Oh, this is short.
It's only 35 seconds.
We've been by the whole thing, too.
It's like ending.
The ending.
It's just so it's like a gigantic climax work, work.
Oh, wow.
It's a little weak in the middle there.
Kind of like dittles around there, but oh, man.
That's the freestyle dancing interlude.
Woof!
Oh, yeah.
I remember a party of some used to like dance to that right there in the middle of a jeopardized driveway.
He called it hoofing.
He was in all hoofing.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got to Marlon game coming up.
We're they're going to play the game, okay, because we said yes.
Okay?
No seriously.
They're hot as a firecracker.
You don't want to have a game rained out when you're on a hot streak.
They won two big extra inning games over the Dodgers.
They have game out of the Phillies in a wild card race.
And some people are actually like checking the scores now.
And nobody will give me an honest answer.
You're like, how bad the weather was last night that they only had 12,000 people.
Because I noticed that night before they also had only 12,000 people.
And last night was that big fag night as they just told everybody at the ballpark.
We were a norm brought a whole bunch of queens.
About 30 men.
At the ballpark to goose up that attendance or goose whoever they could.
Maybe some of the players probably put them over the top.
They were top.
But nobody will tell me what the weather was really like their last night.
Because I remember a couple of weeks ago on a Sunday when they were in like in the middle of a gigantic streak
and they had all these big crowds for like 35,000 for giving away bottle head dollars.
All of a sudden bullcrap and Don Trella's pitching.
And then a Sunday afternoon against Houston on a very nice sunny day.
No rain, 12,000 people.
12,000 people.
And I don't care what my good friend Eddie Kay says.
It does make a difference.
Okay, because that's basically what it's all about.
How does they are right now?
They're 12 games over 500.
They're in a wild card driver's seat right now.
And if nobody's showing up and they still don't care.
Then what's the point?
What is the point?
Can you tell me?
I don't know.
And why the hell are we carrying this game this afternoon?
Although, oh, we're praying like how they play it.
Oh, please.
12, 13.
Yeah, let's go to the ballpark.
Let's go right now.
Oh, on my way.
You know, last Thursday, George put dry concepts to the ultimate tag.
I guess they probably worked their Thursday.
What day they showed up?
Friday of the Monday, the following Monday.
I see.
Well, he put them to the ultimate test.
What a blessing.
They soak in and, you know, yeah, stained.
No, and then to put them to the, the old, like I said, the ultimate test to see if they could really do the job after days of all that blood.
Staining in a carpet is soaking in there, working its way, warming its way into the bottom of the carpeting of the fibers.
See, that's what they do is they dry clean your carpets, which suck out even the deep down crap in your carpeting in the fibers in there,
which makes them look just like brand new.
Stay a lot cleaner longer and last longer, too.
They smell em and he first did dry in a couple of hours.
You'll say, it's a miracle.
I wouldn't believe that anybody nearly died in that carpet.
And right now, dry concepts.
That's the number one carpet cleaning company in the universe who've been doing my home for over 20 years,
are offering you a chance to save some money to a next carpet cleaning.
Say 15% if you like.
Just call dry concepts that they're toll free number, 1-800-248-5071,
has to be put on their stand by list.
Or if you like what we had last Thursday, they're laid down list.
Then dry concepts will call you next time they have an opening under schedule, just like when you fly standby.
If you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the regular price.
And don't forget, they do give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start the job.
No ripoffs, no games, no BS, just a stupendous, unbeatable job every time.
So call dry concepts today, have to be put on their stand by list.
They might even have an opening for you the day that you call and you'll still get an extra 15% off the price of the job.
Call them toll free, 1-800-248-5071 or the best in the world.
Or check them on the web if you like a dryconcepts.com.
My name is Michael.
And local.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You're way too way.
Call that a penis?
Don't be fooled by the rocks in my pants.
I'm busy with the big fat porcelain can.
I got a secret you may not understand.
I'll bet you didn't know I'm really a man.
A shaped leaf, whether it can fully hold jack.
But I'm still known as the girl from the block.
Hornin then what me a lot.
But very little know that I have a thing.
I got started dressing like this in my teens.
The dressing like a book of queen.
With your some collagen and silicone teeth.
My body will round it.
Like I told you I'm a manly man.
That's not thought it's cheese on my can.
I got my wee back there in the jam.
My hair is real.
Give it a squeeze.
And my hair it too.
I do look better, tap on the feminine voice.
But I got a little.
So I don't have a choice.
I like the surprise in the eyes of the boys.
When they get a load of my hand.
Circumstice toy.
Nothing else is falling.
No hormone needs.
But I'm the mind closed.
The rest is me.
Don't be pulled by the rocks in my pants.
I'm chilly with the big fat pot of rick-en.
I got a secret you may not understand.
I'll bet you didn't know I'm really a man.
A shaped leaf, whether it can fully hold jack.
But I'm still known as the girl from the block.
Hornin then what me a lot.
But very little know that I have a big.
You're all waiting.
I'm going to be late.
1220.
560 WDQA.
Am I love the way that ends?
That is the way it ends.
Oh yeah, I guess.
Okay.
What is it?
The worst regular schedule TV program of all time was or is magic Johnson show 33.
And in a coal show and receipt I was the late addition.
It's an end to the thing I played at.
But 18 already passing Oprah like she was standing still.
Here is springer's time with upward 17.
He hauls got 15 also touched with angel 15.
He'll ride your show on whammy 11.
The 1810.
My mother the car 9.
Coprock 9.
Gun in Mauricio from the 78.
Everybody else.
Gold and girls 5.
Tiny potatoes for everybody else.
560.
560.
560 on the 18 team for rising like that.
The Marlins of the Dodgers coming up.
Oh, one.
Don't we?
Yes.
So far.
I mean the way you said yes like Adam.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I mean you can you am hello.
Yeah.
This game is going to be played today.
It is operating so we are going to get your afternoon off.
Excellent.
One question and one suggestion.
Yes.
Are you going to have the van out selling the goodies on the street this year?
Yes.
Do they know when or where or that's new?
Don't push Miguel too hard.
He's getting married 7.
Okay.
Remember last time things from the website took a little bit of time.
He's delivered.
Right.
My suggestion is that he's going to be on the road to get married.
Probably have the worst show left on having the stupid was cannon with William Conrad.
Oh.
A big fat guy.
Oh, you didn't like cannon?
Oh, please.
Every time he saw the industry, of course, he would chase after some Olympic sprinter,
and he would find a shortcut.
And he'd of course run the guy down.
George probably hated the costumes without reason alone.
He drove a hell of a Mercury Marquis though outside of that big, big jukenoo.
And he had that nifty carpo, which of course, he had extended as a...
How'd it chord lower probably than the one you have in the studio?
Exactly.
Okay, thanks, pal.
So we got one for cannon, which I guess I better get those themes back out.
I just put them all away again.
I don't want to do that.
Nah.
I don't think cannon's under any way.
I think so.
It is.
I don't want to play it.
I thought we actually put that in the DCS once upon a time, didn't we?
No.
Like I said, I think we didn't put it in there.
Okay, so what was he just saying?
Cannon.
Got that on there.
Johnny loves Chachi.
Was that the theme from cannon?
No.
I thought it went like...
Like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
One thing William Conrad and Celia Cruz have in common.
They're both dead.
Now don't be laughing like that.
All your people are going to start ganging up again.
They're going to get pissed off, making light of poor Cecil Cruz like that.
Shame on you, man.
WQAM.
Those are my favorites when it makes that like popping sound like...
High poppy.
WQAM, hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
I would like to offer two suggestions.
Anything that...
The term is a Quinn Markle production.
If you can remember those, any...
Cannon, the cannon and Bart of Bejohn.
All of them.
Yeah.
But I asked in an epilogue.
It felt like I was going to a Broadway show.
Right.
And then any of the piece of crap shows that came out in the middle 80s like...
...Skarek on this can or a fax of...
Okay, that...
You know, you notice how lenient I was there.
I must be in a really good mood, especially now we know the ballgame is getting played and we're getting out of here.
And it's got to be it.
He had a gun on all day.
Because I let him go and when it goes to show the audience.
Sometimes they'll say, wow, you know, you're hang up on people right away.
You cut people...
Well, didn't I set the ground rules earlier?
I made it very, very queer as queer as I can.
That, you know, one, wonder what customer?
Pick one.
And now he's going on Quinn Martin production.
Wish it was about the...
How many of those?
About 30 men.
And then any of those shows from the mid 80s.
Okay, well that cuts it down to about 300.
God.
See, one thing about people in South Florida,
and they do a very good job of it.
They live.
I'm not saying everybody just most.
They live to be exasperating.
They love to do it.
Oh, well, I thought you meant, you know, I thought it was...
They hear what they want to hear.
How about those tickets that you're giving away?
Yeah, how about them?
WQA and Hello.
If you have not ordered this resource previously,
ask for Sandy Gossett in marketing services.
How you doing, Sandy?
WQA and Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
How about...
You have a pit for.
How about Elf?
Elf?
Yeah.
Elf was horrible show.
Elf was horrible.
You're right.
You can play the bit.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
Do we have an Alth V?
Yeah.
That's relatively new.
What is it called?
I don't know.
It's a petting go.
Okay, well, I've had a...
I've had a...
And also, I've never said that in about 7000.
I don't know what that bit is.
Okay, wait.
If C, that's another thing.
If we knew what the hell was called,
anyway, you got it down.
You got Alth?
Got Alth.
Great.
Magic Johnson.
I'm telling you, he only wishes he had that many people watching the show.
Doing very well.
WQA and Hello.
Hey, good morning.
How you doing?
William is DS.
Hey, William is got some for the Paul Party.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Okay.
Number one is Channel 7 news with Ricky Tiki.
Stanches.
Okay.
I'm blowing my brains out right here on the radio.
Yeah.
No local shows.
In addition to which news is not a TV show.
Okay.
It's not a show.
It's not a show.
News is not the show.
The sports on the news is not the show.
And WQA, you can do that one day.
There's another Paul Elkillo for hours one day.
Yeah.
Or maybe three.
Oh, thanks.
Why not?
New shows?
Yeah.
Another dual my teeth.
You can do network news shows and local news shows.
A wall time.
Oh, my God.
It would be scintillating, man.
Look at all like I said before.
The great newscast is we've had.
The top photo of the years.
Look at the bottom.
Ralph Rennick and Ann Bishop.
And he was no prize in the first play.
But he was just there a long time.
Like I said, John Handbrook and Ann Bishop.
And she was no great shake.
See?
Either when you come right down to it.
Well, she did shake.
Not like she didn't shake.
Not like a girlfriend to Janet.
Can you see Janet and sister Eugene.
Trying to insert that.
Two headed device.
The two headed device.
26 past and fact that that's what.
So what Janet said.
Let's put our heads together on this and see if we can't come over
a solution for this alien problem.
If you're even thinking about making a sports wager this year and I guarantee you a lot of you
are, then think about VIP sportsbook.com because they've been around for years for a
coon's age.
You know, this time of the year, all the sports will start claiming that they're the biggest for the best
because football is here.
Don't send your money to some book in the Costa Rican jungle somewhere and you have no idea where it's going to wind up.
Play with a sports book with class with people you can trust.
VIP sportsbook.com is the safest book you'll ever hear about.
They're the oldest, the largest sports book in the prestigious Netherlands.
That's Holland.
The Udumb is out there.
100% legal and licensed by the Netherlands Gaming Commission.
VIP sportsbook.com is soft float is favorite sports book.
So sign up before the NFL regular season.
You can bet on all the soft floated teams juice free.
And that's what we like our lives juice free.
You want about the dolphins.
It's 100 to 100.
You want about the hercones.
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about it.
We're having to lay down 110 to 100 on your home teams.
All preseason sunups get a 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny money match play bonus either.
VIP sportsbook.com check them out online or call them at 1-866-VIP bets.
That's 1-866-VIP bets and VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
My life and local.
This is sports radio 560.
You way, you way.
You sluts, you whore.
Rosie, you done all killed your magazine.
Biggest thing though, maybe I got better seen.
Rosie, you done all.
Now she lost control.
All those years were breaking nights just for bets all.
Always put herself right on the cover.
Guess that wasn't such a clever plan.
Say and she'd have come cruise as a lover.
But he's a man.
Rosie, you done all killed your magazine.
Living in my end and looking for chance.
Me.
You know how he said the word controller?
No, play together.
No.
1232-560-WDQM.
So anyway, the good news is the ball game is on.
Oh, that's what we're hearing.
Aren't you hearing that?
Yeah, your ball game sounds all ready.
Here's a great suggestion for our pool.
Our sittingo Hall show.
I mean embarrassing.
The only reason anybody ever watched was to see if he would like actually slide
off the couch on the floor.
Remember how he always used to sit right on the front edge of the sofa like practically
in the lap of whoever the guest was?
Because he was so sincere, I guess is what it was.
Anyway, our sittingo, get him on there right away.
I don't think nobody's going to catch magic though.
The magic man.
The show can't really.
566-705-60.
I think you're pardoned?
I didn't say anything.
Magic Johnson?
Yeah.
Sure can run.
Huh?
George is getting a little sports intensive here today.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hi, I got one for the bowl.
Yes, sir.
I'm thinking American Idol.
American Idol is a horrendous show?
Are you pardoned?
Is that a poll?
It is now.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
You got it.
Thank you.
You have a great day.
American Idol, get that on your way to it.
It's a horrendous show.
Of course, any of these so-called, well, now what do they call these?
These aren't the reality shows.
These are reality shows.
They're like contest shows.
Oh, God.
Justin never ending pulpory of swill of wannabes, wannabes, human beings.
In fact, what the Christian, what thousand of those two losers on there?
That fruitcake?
Oh, Justin and-
Justin, Justin and Rie and-
Justin and Rie and-
Justin and Rie and-
And whatever the hell are your name was, I mean, give me a break.
Oh, God.
But we're going to play the latest.
I beg your pardon?
Ruben and Clay were the latest.
Winners.
See, this is a kind of show that Miguel watches, okay?
This is why we let him come in on a banana boat so we could watch American Idol.
This 22, cut 12.
What?
Alpha.
I don't have that stuff.
What's the name of it?
Behind the planet milk.
I would put that on this thing.
I wouldn't put that on here.
It's not in my repertoire.
You play it, okay?
You play it.
Not today either.
You play it someday when you're on.
Mannyana.
Yes, it's coming up tomorrow for the guy who wanted the alphabet.
It's coming up when Georgia's on solo tomorrow.
The reason we're doing screenless today, I don't want to put this on here,
but it's kind of embarrassing is that we couldn't afford to replace Beener Boy.
So the Scott that we have working in the studio now is actually Scott Ferell.
He has a very distinctive voice, as you know.
And if we have the screen in the calls, it's going to be a definite giveaway.
Ah!
So I guess I had to break the news to him sooner or later because we can't do screenless forever.
Well, he's not making enough money with only two hours.
Exactly.
He only could get the two hours anyway.
And of course he has been trying to muscle.
He does the crossover with Moe and across over us.
He's like trying to spread his wings and muscle into as much as he can to make a few extra bucks.
So we have Ferell.
So I was going to be answering a phone from here on end.
Check it out!
Ha ha ha ha!
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless.
WQA and hello.
I have a show for the ball.
Sure go ahead.
How about the spin off from the three company, The Ropers?
The Ropers?
Good guy.
Good memory.
Remember them, the neighbors, that terrible show.
Oh my god, that might be the winner right there.
Too bad it got on so late.
Ha ha ha ha!
Thanks a lot, pal.
Okay, I'll get it in time.
And by the way, speaking of three company, that's not Trapliver.
Get that on there right away.
Oh my god, that John Ritter.
He makes me want to go to the bowl and just hang off for hours.
He sends you to the Ritter.
He sends me right to the rim.
And don't even say it.
Okay, don't even say it.
You know how many days it's been since I've had one of those phone calls.
You know how long it's been since I've uttered that name or had anybody foist that person on me.
Don't even, don't even whisper it.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
We got magic Johnson show 37 and in a cold Smith show 24 and in a cold.
Would that sloppy hole?
I can't say that.
Can we?
I'll dump it.
I can't believe they dumped the teats on the Scotch show this morning.
That's unbelievable.
Now who's responsible for that?
Robert Reaper dumped it.
Robert Creeper, you're a pussy man.
Okay?
I can't believe that.
In this to which he's got the beast sitting right there in the other room when you look at the beast.
You, huh?
The beast has got a pair of the biggest teats I've ever seen in my life.
Am I right?
Most guys only wish that they had a female companion of any kind that had breasts like that.
I mean, humongous.
34 C. My.
I don't want to see your ass.
Oh, I bet you don't.
And you won't.
I'm not.
I'm not.
How much has you picked right on the other side?
Good thing you forgot that camera.
Never get killed.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Can I add to the show there?
You certainly can, sir.
Go ahead.
Doctor Phil.
Doctor Phil is a magnificent choice.
How can we?
How can we put Oprah on it without Oprah, Jr.?
I got glisten.
I got two more things.
Go ahead.
Did you see Rothman?
They're getting pie holes yesterday.
No, I did not.
That's good.
That was pretty funny.
And the other thing about Joe Reyes in the morning show on Monday or Friday when he was
doing it for Manage when they did the intro and went to the show.
Joe said, hey, good morning everybody.
That was yesterday.
I was pretty funny.
I was in the empty that a good morning show or something like that.
Excellent.
Well, thank you.
Doctor Phil.
Thank you.
Thanks.
How many a slip of the tongue?
I like the wewi.
I think he's planting seeds.
Planting seeds to replace.
Hour from Boka.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
That's it, Joe.
I love it.
I love the whole approach.
You know, they get them real nervous, get them real panic.
He get them sucking up to me, reaching out with his testicles and tentacles trying to find an ally,
which he's not going to find.
Even even Scott, you'll notice he's a, I don't hate Howard.
Well, that's fine.
We don't care whether he hates him or not, but you'll notice he stopped short of saying like he's an ally.
You see what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
In addition to which he always, he always adds to that like he did yesterday.
I heard that and I loved it.
The fact that his show is terminally boring out of, we think the whole concept of the Natalcho host just think it was his football play by play.
Something to think about, Mo.
Absolutely.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Of course, it could be a mood point anyway.
If all this Joe stuff comes, uh, comes home to roost.
21 to 1.
We got the Marlins and the Dodgers coming up.
We are doing it, right?
We are having a big game show.
It is.
It's only peeing just a little bit that's raining around in spots.
Get your ass in the car.
Go to the ball game.
Take a umbrella.
Take a poncho.
On an informative note.
Yes.
2002 75 is our total currently.
$2,275?
That's right.
That's $2,275.
As of yesterday.
$2,275.
Well, we just started this thing a couple of days ago.
That's not too bad.
Not bad at all.
Get on our website, neo-rogers.com.
Get your best of neo 2002, 2003 CD.
Your Mo.
Howard David of Keychain.
Absolutely.
Which has got some of most, most embarrassing comments.
And then we also have the usual.
We got t-shirts and mugs and all kinds of crap.
And all the proceeds, all the profits go to abandoned pay rescue,
which is a very outstanding surety one.
That be funny.
They have coasters.
Coasters of one of the CD cover.
We got it all.
You want it?
We got it.
This copy by the way, you know,
what Tristratford was in there this morning with his vault.
And I like to write a lot, even though Scott ripped them in ass.
I forgot to rip him about this copy from like last year,
making Todd Rex seem like Mr. Fresh, Mr. On Top of it.
You know what I'm talking about?
His balance for life thing.
It's somewhere is over.
I mean, let's get serious, Troy.
Anyway, balance for life is the way to lose the weight.
The beast is doing it.
He says here he's lost over 50 pounds.
And I bet he has lost over 50 pounds.
Yeah.
We mean last time.
This time, next time we don't know.
I lost track.
Is he ever going to come back in and hop on his scale?
Are we going to do that again or are we just don't know?
We just don't know.
He will.
Anyway, yeah, let's get it going again.
Okay, let's put the pressure on him.
Let's put the onus on his bonus.
Okay.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries,
no calorie counting, no carb counting.
The best part of the deal is no shopping.
You don't have to get that cart in the supermarket going up and down the aisle,
asking yourself that magical question.
What the hell can I eat and stay, he's losing weight.
Because balance for life is all that worked for you.
They deliver right here during that little black sack.
Well, like the beast is getting every morning by 6 a.m.
At your work at home, wherever you want to deliver it.
And in your sack is all the food you'll need to keep you happy
and the sassy all day long.
Three delicious gourmet meals, two great snacks right in that black sack
along with the bottled water.
And the beast tells us that the food as good as it always was in the past
is even better than ever.
The only choice you have to worry about making is filling out that menu once a week.
You pick between two choices for each meal and snack every day that's around a program.
And that's it.
They do all the cooking and all the delivering for you.
So let balance for life help you lose that weight once and for all.
If you're overweight out of shape, lethargic, diabetic, or all these things
call balance for life today called 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229.
You'll start seeing results on that skill within just a matter of days.
Check them out on the web if you like.
at balanceforlife.com.
Find a local of this.
These five cities.
The radio's all yours now.
I'm going to get you on a trip.
And for me, good, and keep your trousers naked in his pants.
I'm going to get you on a trip.
I'm going to get you on a trip.
And for me, good, and keep your trousers naked in his pants.
Well, he calls the brothers.
Well, he calls the brothers.
And that's the younger for food.
And she's made it stop my job.
I gave you one of the rules.
She knocked out the door and then watched to her surprise.
It was her that he was after nothing but her surprise.
She sent you to the water, but he claimed it was romance.
And Kobe couldn't keep his lapcafey in his pants.
Well, 46-568-3229.
Now, what's this thing that you just thanks me this?
Or one of our sales holes facts me about this client?
Both.
One of our sales holes, the facts that threw me.
Well, which sales hole was that?
That would be Troy.
Nice timing, Troy.
After that piece of crap copy for Balance For Life from last September,
September 2002, you jackass.
You bald-headed scharzer geek.
So what's your answer?
Sure, no problem.
OK.
I like Troy.
I like Troy's for people.
Our sales department is a mess.
It's a nightmare.
But we got two good people in there.
Adam and Troy.
He says, thank you.
Do I leave anybody out?
For high boy.
And like I said, we got two good people in there.
Adam and Troy.
And Skippy is.
Skippy is.
Skippy is OK.
On certain days of the week.
You're not a here-you fat tub of crap.
I don't ever call me again, you jackass.
I am.
Now, here's the facts that says, they really are getting to me.
I think they're doing it intentionally.
They just try to wound me.
It wasn't bad enough Hawaii five.
They got that.
And then what was it?
And Canon, which I love Canon.
But this one is like putting a sword through my groin.
MJ says, I'd like to suggest for your poll,
K-PAS, I USA.
It's an angry, I can't handle.
And you know how I have it.
A hard spot in my loins for a K-PAS, a USA.
Who didn't like that?
I don't know.
I was in a bad show.
See, this is somebody who just an anti-aspect person.
That's what that's all about.
But they made fun of themselves.
Exactly.
It was a typical sweet water family.
It was a big stick.
Right.
And of course, you had the Rocky was running around.
They could have for the time.
And his sister was a whatever.
And she was.
Carmen, Carmen was a cutie.
Right.
What that was the wrong one?
That's your own.
And the father of course, it was like an even funnier desiarnes.
Right.
And then the grandparents got a hold of the marijuana cigarette,
where you know those jelly rolls at one time.
In fact, I was sure that I saw some of those people
doing the alien business.
They were part of the, uh-huh.
They were part of the cast.
Part of the, uh, the, uh, I'm going.
And I think Maris Grisies was on there.
Here's the fact that says, uh,
I agree with the last person who's thanked you.
Who I five, oh, should be taken up.
Well, we can't take them off the list because it's not our opinion.
Right.
It says, I know it really got cheesy less years, but it was a TV icon.
I know you agree.
The music totally says, I love that show.
I still, if I find an, I'll still watch it.
And then of course, uh, Lisa, is this Lisa L.I.S.E.?
Lisa.
Linda, Lisa.
Lisa, I suggest in here, go with a whole bunch of suggestions.
Lisa, not a good idea.
Baywatch VIP or Night Rider on there.
Even if Germans do love David Henselop,
I say Night Rider is a good choice, don't you?
I thought we had that.
Opel show.
My favorite Bloodhound gang, Lyric, can you Bob like Dylan on my, uh...
Okay.
I'm not really sure I'm going to read that.
Especially after you said Tits on here,
this morning.
I couldn't believe you did that.
Sorry.
Here's one that says, we're a show on how come we didn't do this.
We were talking about Bob Denver and the Jim Back is just the other day.
Gilligan's Island, a magnificent choice.
Absolutely.
Right, correct.
I like it.
Get it on there.
Magic's got 40, baby.
Magic Johnson's show 40.
He sure could run, okay?
Up and down to court.
Isn't that what you meant?
Up and down to court.
That's what I meant.
Right.
And in the Cole Show, 26,
Oprah 22, Cherry Springer 19,
Dush by an Angel 18,
He Ha 16,
Here Roger Shronwanny 16,
We didn't put local shows on here,
but we let that pass because evidently Eric wanted to take a shot.
Or maybe who did that?
Miguel.
Like I said, Miguel wanted to take a shot.
Just because I made those comments about his illegitimate child.
I don't know how it got on there.
We don't know.
We out of our own care.
Believe me, I've got thick skin, baby.
Thicks skin, especially on my...
Welcome.
Coprock 11, mother, my mother, the car 11,
the 1810, everybody else single legit so far.
Okay, let's get a few more of mine here,
because we got that tremendous pressure.
We got tension building.
And that big Marlon Dodger game coming up.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yeah, hey, I got a couple of shows for the Paul.
Yes, sir.
Couple of shows, he said, okay.
Oh, I guess he got disconnected.
I'm not playing that game.
It's almost the end of the show for Cry Now Loud.
And this guy wants to, he's got a couple.
The worst regularly scheduled TV shows,
singular of all time,
is or was show, not show, not shows.
No, that's not what you're asking.
Not the worst, the couple, not the worst several.
So in other words, you mean call up and name as many shows as you can.
Right. That's just the same.
Just get the TV guide out.
Come in to Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, sir.
Blossom makes me puke.
Oh, thank you.
You guys are really getting to me now.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
Blossom.
Yeah.
He did that intentionally.
Showy Lawrence, fixation.
No, there wasn't showy Lawrence.
I don't like Joey Lawrence.
So, who was your boyfriend?
David, what that was, that kid's name?
Lawrence.
Oh, his name was not David Lawrence.
That was a brother.
Joey was, I can't stand Joey Lawrence.
That the, what?
He was her brother, Blossom's brother.
Right.
See, there's another show McGill watch.
That's why he said that's your way.
I got a little sister.
Yeah.
Oh, he had one TV in the house.
I got so many lines for that.
But anyway, I thought they'd buy the bell too.
Say it by the bell I wouldn't watch.
That's a horrible show.
That show, all those kids on it,
you'll just bug the crap out of me.
Including that.
Goose it, what the hell's his name?
Goose LAR.
Oh, that blonde kid.
And, and who's the black-haired kid that all of a sudden
I would, with the dimples.
Oh, that's, that, that, that weekend kid.
You know, I'm talking about.
I don't, I never watch that show.
From, saved by the bell.
Never watched that.
Oh, my God.
That kid obnoxious.
He makes me want to puked my guts out.
Makes me want to go out to lunch with Moa.
I can't stand it.
That's right.
That's right.
He's got a talk show now.
I think he's a, I think he's a, a, a bone or douchebag.
Now, he's, he's annoying that kid with the dimples.
And he's, when he accused her like rape or something a couple of years ago.
That, what do I, didn't he allegedly do a Kobe or something like that?
Anyway, we did, I just don't like that show.
Blossom, that kid's name was David something.
He was in that white water with the whales that movie will, whatever white,
white squal.
White squal, very good.
White squal.
And he never, like he always looked like he was a 12 years old,
which at that point I had to say, hey, I don't, you know.
Now, he did, he just never like, he was like the bloody Benson of his life.
Blossom, he never blossomed.
Very good.
Excellent.
She was ugly by the way.
She had a schnanz.
What was that?
Oh, it was a nice looking kid like him doing with a beast like that.
Jesus, great.
He'd been better at hanging out with our beast, at least he might have gotten some.
Like I said, at least he would have gotten some.
Proff, 52 at 560 WQM.
If you're in a dead end job like the beast, maybe colleges to expensive.
Well, he went to college for what?
About 30 years to be.
About 30 men.
Didn't do him no good.
But if you can afford ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week
for four months, our good close personal friends at fast train can get you out of that
rut, out of that dead end and help you achieve a new high paying computer career.
You heard right.
There was ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for people to qualify.
Call fast train tool free and get the details.
Call 866 fast train.
It could change your life and don't forget because there are four locations all over town.
There's bound to be one in South Florida, nearby you.
There are in Fort Lauderdale, Pember Pines, Miami and prestigious Kindle.
Call 866 fast train.
You'll be talking with a train career counselor.
There are for you day, evening, weekend schedules, job placement hands on training too.
Call them one, 866 fast train.
Don't forget fast trains to defer payment.
It's valid for one year regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody that is really bad under paid dead end job.
Or you just want to increase your net worth.
This is the smart thing to do.
Call fast train and check this out today at one, 866 fast train or find them on the web at fasttrain.com.
We're sports radio 560, QAM.
Our David's a bitch.
New this ball on NBC from the makers of the summer's runaway hit, Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.
Comes a brand new program.
It's Straight Eye for the Queer Guy.
Hi guys, I'm Trevor.
Oh, what is that stink up in here?
What is that? Smell like flowers or something?
That's my coparine.
Polpare! Let me help that smell out of it.
I am gold.
Oh, that's disgusting.
Oh, that's better than Charlie.
Thank you very much, Freddie.
Oh, look at the clothes he's got over here.
What kind of underpants is this?
They mean they're cow and clime.
Ah, where's the bacon strip?
Bacon strip.
You know, the skin mark.
This is too clean.
You can't have this kind of under.
What kind of pants are you wearing anyway?
They're dark yellow pants.
Groucho pants.
It gets magic with $100, huh?
Oh, you look like a huddle.
Glory to all of friends there.
I know y'all, one.
I'm Charlie.
Look at these CDs here.
Look at this.
West Side Story.
Sound the music.
Oh, claw home.
Judy, Galen, Barry, Manelow.
Bob is stricin.
Liza, Manelli, where is your rush?
Where's your Zepthway?
Where's your Metallica?
Where's your AC DC?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Man, you got to get some real pooms up in here.
Let's check out the refrigerator.
See what kind of poochie.
Oh!
What is this periure?
No, that's peri-a.
Periure-a.
What the hell is that?
It's sparkling water.
It's sticky water.
Where's your Budweiser and your one onion?
Look at the sofa cushions.
What is that?
There's nothing there.
Exactly!
Where's your cheese noodle?
Where's your fritters?
Where's your various chains?
I told you I don't eat that kind of stuff.
I try to keep very healthy.
And you know what?
Where's your borg?
Where do you keep it?
My what?
Your borg for your weed.
No, I don't have that.
But I have one of these.
Oh!
Cheese!
Alright, that's where I draw the lightest.
Oh!
Don't bring that thing, man.
Let's check out the bathroom here real quick.
Oh, a mozzy!
What is all this shampoo condition?
Creamer and sluddies this!
See my hair and make it look like a fire filter.
Look, all you need is a baro lava.
That's right.
Get it in your hands.
Work it through your head.
You're all done.
Hey, wash this everything.
You get your piss.
You get your undercarriage.
You get your hair.
You get everything.
Alright, so I should just start.
You get your face.
Oh, that's so smooth.
Very soft, isn't it?
How many times a day do you shave?
Three.
Oh!
What's a week's pop?
Unless you got a funeral or something.
What's a week's that's it?
You're going to ruin your skin.
Oh, okay.
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
This fall, I'm NBC.
Let me show you guys the bedroom.
Oh, geez, I'm a little nirvy.
It's going in here.
Oh, here we go.
Charlie, look at his bed.
It's moving.
He's made!
No!
Back back, back back, back back.
What a great way to go out.
Marlins and the Dodgers, baby, through the raindrops at PP Park.
You're good.
Bye.
George.
He could go.
Oh, no.
Wait.
Okay.
And we got the hopper coming up after the game of the bunch of canned interviews.
The Dave wants that show at five, right?
Right?
You following this?
All the way.
They go at six.
Herical hotline is seven.
Eddie can't nine.
Jule and Mark overnight.
The mole man in the morning who we're not going to lunch with.
Carry and Sarah tomorrow morning at five.
Oh, my God.
It's an ass-rhythm.
