morning meal times up all right get that beast out of there we just please
just him in it i think that he's about to act as mommy calls the station to see
that he's all right well if you were that fed your mommy'd be calling every hour
probably the beast out of date last night sure that he's getting fed well the beast
out of date last night with a girl he met on the internet yeah and it says here
the world's facing the diabetes catastrophe do you think the beast has diabetes
i guarantee the girl had had to hear your arms than he's got
ah so you pulled the rug out from your bunny this morning that was
cool pulled it right out from under his fat old dying ass well at least i'm not stupid i
realize who the breadwinner is right out here morning there's a mole again trying to take
gratuitous shots at yours truly well what good is what good is he for let him
step out from what the team comes out on the field naked and you just pulled the rug right
out from underneath him we wouldn't even have a facility if it wasn't for you embarrassing
moments in the history of this radio station believe me we've had a lot we wouldn't even have a
tower if it wasn't for you yeah i'm the a cash cow i know and then the hammer in the afternoon
i'm a cash pig you know i'm hanging out with your buddy eighty k today
yeah i heard that then i wanted to admit that the only reason you're going is because it's a
correct a sponsor thing yeah i got two women forcing me to go and i think that they're having an
affair the only reason is go to dania highlights because it's a sponsor thing and he's
pouring himself for the station which is good how about you yesterday you're real nice to live
guys avoiding answering the question directly i am going there strictly nobody nobody goes to
highlight what i'll do is going for the gambling in this
poster but he goes to highlight i just want the back you an eddky that'll be half of the crowd
speaking of you when you last time you turned down a advertiser
i didn't think so i worked once the last time i used to turn down a lot of men before
last year now with your show at the leverage position it's in i'd charge double and take them all
i am i think anything man which doctors magnetic bracelets two pacabra killers or you name it
anything you need to do ads for the peace bad diet i have a credibility when i
checked it at the door did you know that uh you're the only studio in the building that has
mites to work great reading these things and you know you're real convinced you didn't hear yesterday
all the crap we went through in here they had we had six engineers on the ceiling here for
hours yesterday afternoon to get this place straight in i know i heard you just doing the uh
engineers in the ad they suck don't don't ever paint and believe anything George Corso
tells you or bob vermuth from naples there are a couple of liars George and bob see about
what about fix that he's in here catching it is good he's the only real engineer we got it
i'm taking i'm taking the other guy staff the new guy staff i'm taking it with him to the
behind like a little girl you know what you know what is it say you of him thing he's just a silly
person oh you're the only person that you'll always be a silly person beast it's really sad
a fat silly person your buddy bill Lindsey got a job yeah i see big deal yeah my buddy i don't know
paul laws may have to return now that's my buddy he's a big fan of the show paul laws
i was gonna go to the panther fest but i'm gonna be in Vegas that's what i'm gonna be now without
we fought the law and uh law you know at the nhs jell is done they don't need laws they're gonna
get the uh dorshi for each time we don't have no uh the uh big schmoo we don't have him on the team
anymore what are they gonna do next year when they have no hockey same thing they'll do this year nobody
will go same thing mm-hmm have a nice day nia see you sky
i didn't know you like knowing in the rapids mall that's a manly thing to do and i like men
how don't you hit me with that all oh what wow
now did you think decided it's thing like i asked you to get my 60s for the radio just like
his dad's dad decided let me get a good look at him oh my i'm all right i got a fat go
over the sea
oh you know i just pushed me over my alive
pull it for that old trick why
Well, at least we're on shore!
Yeah, the wood has not been found in the mess that got me into.
Yeah, look who dropped in here, Jim.
Hey, fellas, Dylan.
I'm Georgie.
That's my uncle, sister, Jim.
And this is my brother and my pal, Marv.
My older brother.
Mama named us after all the bushes and honored the greatest present in this country ever had.
George Washington, Bush.
Well, it's real nice meeting you and I, uh...
You ain't going anywhere, sister.
Oh, see?
Here are my good Christian friends.
You drop your jersey and get on your knee.
You give, girlfriend.
Don't tell me that I'm a boy.
You sure sound funny, but I like you, really.
Don't you?
No!
No!
That piped out.
I'll be you getting used to it.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, you'll be feeling like a woman in no time.
I got a dad, kid.
You get the truth.
I suppose you want me to steal now, eh?
Don't see how you got out.
You're not gonna put that on me.
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
10-07-560 W.C.M.
Boy, sure sounds a lot better in here today than yesterday, don't it?
Err.
Almost sounds good.
Almost.
Well, that's where it goes.
We had our engineers crawling on the ceilings and our wall scots bitching about that Mikey's gun.
And that should be our worst problem is just the microphone.
Nothing works in here.
The CD players don't work.
The car machine is on, but you're still old.
I wasn't.
What?
That's crappy as these studios are.
They're heads and shoulders above what they're stuck with over there.
It is?
Oh yeah.
You should go visit.
Remember the swamp?
They just brought the same equipment over.
In that studio there?
Yeah, that's the same one there.
They got 75 mics.
They got the racial table there?
At least they look good.
The furniture is nice.
Like I've always said, if you can't look good in smell boot or something like that.
Of course, Mo won't listen to that.
Mo got the ass pull route from under his carpet this morning or however that goes.
That was bad.
Not kneel.
What is you good for?
Anyway, he good for nothing.
And then of course, Ferrell's ripping him ass.
It was good.
Yeah, I can't match those giant numbers you got there Mo and bringing all that revenue.
But those two shares you got you fat old turd.
Mist in this morning didn't get a chance to bond.
I saw his Jummelbee all sitting down there when I came in but somehow I missed him.
I didn't.
Maybe he was in that box with Howys.
And speaking of that, you know, I love Howys and thanks for the bacon by the way guys.
But this is a fat place and it's never going to change.
Seriously, you got them bringing in enough food now to feed the Chinese army.
By you, you mean them, right?
You use people.
Okay.
Use people.
I got nothing to do with that.
Well, I'm just saying, am I right?
Yeah.
Good.
God almighty.
That's just in the morning reminds me of the Zeta Day.
I've just heard the Zeta Day.
You can't even begin to imagine the amount of food we had in the Zeta.
Like by 8.30 in the morning, I've already had like a few meals.
And IOD had like three different places a day.
Computer.
You're so full of crap.
Oh, here right off the bat.
Here's a little jury.
Right and stuff out about my bulging eyes.
Yeah.
Bulge on his you little ass.
So you life was piece of crap.
Really bugs the hell out of me.
Oh, shimmy said that.
So we had 1253 votes on the podium today.
Not too shabby considering that there is nobody still in town unless you've got
punky little kids in school.
Nobody's here.
So I risked my case.
Would anybody in their right mind want to be here at this time of the year?
No.
Oh my God.
It's hot.
It is hot.
It is humid.
Every time you turn around, here's another thunder blaster coming from a goddamn sky.
I'm coming to work this morning.
And what is this going to stop?
When is it end already?
Never.
Where the world ends?
Jesus.
F and Christ man.
Kinda crap is it.
Oh and by the way, Scrooans.
Grant was waiting for me in the parking lot yesterday.
It's stalking you.
She was stalking.
She was wearing her silk stockings.
And she said, oh, didn't you like the way I looked this morning?
And by this time she had already like unfurled her hair and had like a little more human.
Now this morning her hair looked good.
The rest of her looked like crap as usual, but her hair looked good.
Kind of like that weather brought on channel seven.
I saw her again this morning.
She's got a dog face.
Yeah, no, you're talking about that.
She's got a pooh.
She looks like an afghan hound.
With nice hair though.
No, she looks like an afghan hound with a blonde wig.
She should comb it over her face.
Her name is Katie.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Something with a K.
Something with a K.
As in K pass it with a pus.
She is brutal looking.
But at any rate, we can't all be like Scrooan.
So she comes in this morning and says, oh, something about do I look better?
As compared to what?
As compared to the dingle berries that most pulling out of his ass.
Yeah, you look lovely.
I mean, no matter how she looks, she's still a bitch.
She's still a sunt as they say in the South Coast of France.
Is that how they say it?
Never been there.
Oh, I'll call them out.
They say that on the sun coast.
1253 votes on the pool.
Well, she is.
What are you laughing about?
Got all mighty.
She's a lying, devious bitch that's Scrooan.
But you look lovely this morning, sweetheart.
In fact, I bet you I probably like to hop on your bones again just to rekindle old timesake.
1253 votes better do the breaks.
See, this is what happens when we do those crossovers with Furell.
You notice how he tapped dance around that thing?
The reason he's going to Danny Hano.
With any K, at least he'll get to bond with Eddie, who's a really good guy.
See, we all get along here except for one person.
Oh, and I say, I'm going to play the other thing there.
I can't do it.
This is, I have to get out of here.
Because you and your cohorts in this building, in this room.
So far behind the stuff that I'm doing.
Yeah, well, it's too late.
I know.
Too late.
I mean, everything was right there in my fingertips.
This is strictly a joke and a bad one at that.
Okay, we'll give the results of the poll.
We'll just drag it out.
There's clearance.
Our program director was a good guy on payday the rest of the time, kind of mediocre,
because he's busy doing the beast with a silly U of M crap.
Are you guys from UM ever going to grow up?
No.
Jesus Christ almighty.
What a joke.
It's the Holocaust.
It's the Holocaust.
It's the Holocaust.
Hey, it's the Holocaust.
The Holocaust, man.
We're doing it.
Yeah, we're number one.
Yeah.
Can you find the campus?
No.
There is no campus.
There actually is no university when you come right down to it.
It's all just a big scam.
12 minutes after 10, by the way, Donna Shalayla will be pretty unhappy about that.
Too bad, bitch.
We don't really care about Donna Shalayla.
And by the way, we'll put whatever the hell we want on the billboards.
How do you like that?
Right?
Yeah.
So we asked, bitch.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
If I sound like I'm in a surly mood, it is because I'm here.
And I just see they like that, though.
They do like that.
Oh, we like it when Neil's really pissed off.
Well, believe me, you ought to be real happy now.
Man, is this place the end of the universe or what?
Uh-huh.
Wow.
It blows.
You want a chance to win a free beer from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company just sign up to
be a pre-ferd member?
Find out more by calling this tool free number, 1-800-829-BIRR.
That's BEAR, or visit their website at vermontedibir.com.
If you need a creative gift to celebrate a birthday, new baby or wish somebody well, do something
fun and memorable, and send an authentic Vermont Teddy Bear.
Vermont Teddy bears are handmade.
They can be personalized just for your loved one.
They'll write a perfect message on your card to add some gourmet caramels, or do you say
caramels?
I always ask that because anybody who says caramels really pours me off, and make sure that
it gets delivered on time or to their home or orifice.
Every Vermont Teddy bear is guaranteed for life's little beloved forever.
Just call a friendly bear counselor tool free 1-800-829-BIRR.
You can choose from over 100 great bears like the birthday suit bear, or new baby bear
with a name and birthday on the bib.
Over night and Saturday, delivery is guaranteed.
Call 1-800-829-BIRR or shop online at vermontedibir.com.
Be sure and tell them that ancient neoprole to call 1-800-829-BERR.
That's my life and look all this is 420-560.
Way and way, yeah.
Lee Cow, Aaron's coming.
Well, I'm the Christian man of God, she just is just a dreamer.
And build with the power to enforce the rule of law.
And when I spoke to God, when I'd he said that I should go,
Chisel the 10, her mammoths are 5,000.
How does it go now on the chisel earth?
And from mammoths chisel earth, all night I banged and banged and banged and banged and banged and banged.
Well, those on the left will burn and hell when they die,
because they didn't lead affair and balance the Christian life.
And when I'm all alone in my basement late at night,
I throw my tiny bones into my blow-up dollar price of the chisel earth.
Look, ain't my mammoths chisel earth,
I'll night I bang and bang and bang and bang and bang and bang and bang.
Well, I know it may sound odd,
or a man who talks to God,
that he should have this kind of job.
But I'm an infrared Christian,
fat, and blew my way to the top.
Now, everybody who don't believe like me should all be dead,
at least that's what I hear from all the voices.
This is in my head.
Now snap that silver nipple clip upon my chest and pump.
While I snap on meat so I can spew your face with my stalk off the chisel earth.
Here's a mammoth chisel earth,
all night I bang and bang and bang and bang and bang and bang and bang.
I'm a chisel earth,
king of mammoth chisel earth,
all night I bang and bang and bang and bang and bang and bang and bang.
Well, very hard.
Praise the Lord.
Now shout not to go but not to go and breathe.
On this idiot,
this little jury now he's faxing me,
Mitch Hirschkrab, about titric cis and air.
Okay, blow it out your ass, okay?
Have a great life with Mitch,
I hope you can rub his ball spot.
1253 votes on a poll yesterday,
which of these things bugs you the most?
The stupidity of the American public wins overwhelmingly,
and of course that is...
Absolutely correct answer.
That was the correct answer.
So our kudos to the audience,
the limited audience that we got,
because there is nobody in town who doesn't have to be.
Just people with punky little kids.
And boy is that a pain in the ass?
Let me tell you about it.
That's a real pain in the ass
with the school buses out there and all that.
Oh, and up on my corner,
and I don't want to start getting porky with my neighbors,
because I'm only here a very short time.
But, you know, there are some of us
who would like to actually get out there on the road
and...
Wait your turn.
Make some progress.
No, they sit there with their kids in the car waiting for the bus
and then even after the kids are already on the bus,
they still sit there having like a little convention.
Right.
A little block party.
Right, tell gate.
Get your cars off the goddamn corner,
quit sitting around there blocking traffic
and just having a goddamn cluster fork there in the middle of my intersection.
Other kids, parents are the bane of my life.
There you go.
253 votes like I said,
these depended on the American Public 537,
George W. Bush being a moron 229.
People of votes speaking was 225.
George filling in for Neil 128.
That's 10.2%.
Don't answer those by the way.
Don't answer the phone.
Don't answer the phone.
I'll take him.
You're not like line 9.
You know who that is.
That's our chronic spartz runner.
Hello.
That's him.
So you can't even keep a straight face.
You can't even keep a straight face.
Because I know who it is.
I know when it's ringing.
We don't even have to pick the phone up yet.
I know who it is.
Been doing it too long.
You know, before I finish reading the poll result,
I'm going to tell you something seriously.
I mean, you talk about a guy with a death wish talking about Mo.
Who's he got on her?
I'm coming to work this morning and this man must want to fail.
Absolutely.
Which if that's the case, he's doing a hell of a job.
Nice going, Mo.
Absolutely.
He's got Mark the Jets fan,
piggyback with what's his name?
Ricky from Borg.
Richie from Borg's head.
And is promising that they're actually going to be on the air in the studio.
Like you said, it's Joey Reynolds reincarnated.
Never seen the two of them together.
No.
Now it's just Joey a little older with a bad hair piece and putting some weight on.
That's Mo.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
I am that him right.
Maybe that's what he keeps picking his ass for.
Maybe he's got those bad Joey Reynolds Reids.
That could be it.
Mark the Jets fan,
Richie from Borg's head and Juan.
That's all you need to know.
And once in a while Dennis,
when he can't get on any other show, that's it.
That's not a talk show.
This is the guy that was telling us about,
well, sports talkers boring.
And, but, but, I'm going to come down there
and I'm going to show you guys.
I'm going to teach you what they,
yeah, you're going to teach everybody else how you get really low numbers.
On a station, it's got big numbers all the rest of the day.
You're going to show us how to fail.
And is he done a good job or what?
You suck, Mo.
Well, let me tell you right now.
Absolutely.
Mark the Jets fan and Richie from Borg's head.
These are people who have been working for years to exercise from the transmitter
to get their voices off the air so that somebody might be,
you know, who the hell wants to hear them?
Well, in fact, I got a great idea, Mo.
Why don't you just hit the road, stick with your dolphin broadcast,
and we'll just give them the show.
Okay.
Huh?
Mark the Mark Richie in one show.
Huh?
From five to six then, from rail six to ten.
Total stop there.
We could have the guy with the eyes in there, Fanny Pack.
Yeah, we can have all the chronic.
So we can have the chronic, are we going to have your close personal buddy?
Have that.
Yeah.
That thing.
Yeah, let's bring him here.
We can also have the things, speaking of things.
Let's bring them all in.
We're real thing.
We'll bring them all in.
They can all consort with Mo.
We can have a party.
They can pick the dingle berries out of Mo's.
Correct them.
But I have welcoming presents for them.
I bet you do.
I bet you do.
Anyway, what else do we have in a pool?
Let's see, uh, what bugs you the most?
George filling in for Neil 128.
Mo, Howard David at only 67.
He's slept there.
Absolutely.
Ash was covered with tattoos 33.
People with tons of body jewelry 13.
See, there's a combo there because there's some of the people who have body jewelry
like up the ass and then they also have two tattoos all over.
Literally.
Yeah, up everywhere.
Oh, I just, you know what, you know what those people remind me of it's like,
it's like if you went out in the street corner and said,
what would I have to do to really gross you out?
Now, in my case, the answer is probably not much.
But seriously, what would I have to do to gross you out the most?
And then they just, they're put in the tongue, the tongue, the ring, and the ring, and all over the place.
That's a statement.
I'm so good looking at this.
Yeah, so it's a fashion statement.
No, the people that do this are not generally good looking.
Sports nerds 11 and Arnold running for governor, only bugs 10 of our audience out there,
which is a very sad commentary.
That should have been like in the top two or three.
That's over there on the west coast.
Then making different animals.
Doesn't make any difference.
It's part of the American landscape.
It's part of what's wrong with this freaking country.
Who would you rather have all of that?
And now we got Rudy Giuliani comes up for Arnold because Bill Simon pulled out, people did out.
So now we got Rudy Giuliani for Arnold.
And we got Rob Lowe for Arnold.
And we got George Schultz for Arnold.
And like I said, it's like the vis queen inductate.
It's the same thing.
You could tell the American public anything and there's like a automatically 30 or 40 percent.
Oh yeah, that makes sense.
Who go along with it?
Because they're so goddamn stupid.
Now you watch bullying for Columbine last night because I was kind enough to loan you the DVD.
Thank you.
And you saw some of those retards on here.
Yeah.
And like I keep trying to tell you, look at that map.
Look at the map of America, okay?
No, no, seriously.
Stop and think about it.
And when you look at the electoral map and you see the red states, let's see the red was Republican, right?
And the blue is Democratic and whatever it is.
And you see the blue is all around the edges, you know, like California, Washington, Oregon,
and you go around like up in the Northeast New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, the New England, et cetera, Pennsylvania.
And then around the top fringe a little bit, Michigan, Minnesota.
That's it.
Everything inside the inner and sub-America is all a bunch of red necks, the core.
Rotten to the core.
I mean, take a look.
You got Indiana, red necks.
You got Kentucky, Tennessee, the Dakotas, Mugwumps.
You got the Carolinas, worst Mugwumps.
You got Joja.
You got Florida.
You got the Texas Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, with a banjo on your knee.
Oklahoma, I leave them out.
You got Kansas.
Nebraska.
You got Utah.
Wyoming.
Montana.
Yeah.
Idaho.
You do?
Potatoes.
That's what you got.
You got a bunch of Yahoo's, man.
You got no's, pickers, people with a no-thinga are all the way up to where their brain is supposed to be,
where that big empty spot is like in Greg Reads' head.
Or at least he's got the class to reach down from the top.
You don't have his finger deep up his nose.
Of course, it might be busy.
You know, Miguel was in here this morning and I was thinking to myself just like I said yesterday,
what a waste.
You know, he just got married over the weekend.
I'm thinking to myself, what a waste of a...
I tried to stop him.
Of a virile, useful, circumcised penis.
I was thinking to myself, what a total waste.
You're not wasting it.
He's reproducing it.
No, no, like I said, what a waste.
Oh, he's reproducing already.
Before they were even officially married, they're already reproducing.
You know how evil that is, don't you?
Oh, yeah, but no, they got another wire.
It's...
No, they didn't.
They didn't get it under the wire.
Oh, why?
The kid doesn't come out, drop down in the aisle before the preacher says...
Oh, that was Miguel, I dropped down in the aisle.
You know, that story is so amazing to me.
Again, it's so typical of all you pussy's out here,
you hoolios out there that's supposed to be so macho.
And your bunch of pussy's, closet pussy's.
Here's a guy that's been...
He's been stacked up with his fine,
and I don't want to knock her, because I haven't...
Have I ever seen her?
I don't know, I don't think so.
I don't think so, but I hear that she's really knock out.
Yes, she is.
And she's beautiful.
That's a nice girl.
But sweet.
But they've been stacked up for a very long time.
So what's the big attraction?
I mean, it was just inevitable, especially when he got her pregnant
on that nice new mattress, some dollar mattress.
He's a spick, you have to get hitched before you start reading.
Okay, there you go, but I'm saying so what was the big deal?
There was already a foregone conclusion,
but he nearly had a contusion,
because at the wedding ceremony over the weekend,
his buddies, about four or five of his big, hefty buddies,
had to hold him up.
Right.
Prop to my mom.
On his platform shoes, they had to hold him up
because he was afraid to pass out when it came time to say,
I do, do, do, do, do, do.
I think his cumber bun was too tight.
Is that what it was?
Agent Orange found in some Vietnamese food.
Watch it now, as we continue poisoning the world.
A recent study says Agent Orange is still
contaminating food in the Hoa City area of Vietnam.
See now, there would be some people out there saying,
wow, that's good, it'll serve those gooks right, you know.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
The study published in the current issue
of the Journal of Occupational...
Now, what is that?
I just looked down,
looked at what I was reading ahead of myself.
The name of the study,
the doctor who did it, Dr. Arnold SCHEC,
I thought it said, sphincter.
Dr. Arnold Shecter of the University of Texas School
of Public Health in Dallas said people are affected by eating highly contaminated food such as
ducks, chicken, and fish,
loaded with Agent Orange.
Along with an international research,
team Shecter's collected samples of food from Hoa City
about 20 miles north of Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon.
Very high levels, not just a little bit, very high levels of Agent Orange
were found in most types of animal study, the highest levels were found in ducks.
Watch the ducks.
Up to 343 parts per trillion compared with usual level of us,
then 1-10th point-one, 1-10th of a part per trillion, 343 parts.
Even higher dioxin levels were found in animal fats,
which are considered a delicacy in Vietnam.
So that's the way we're winning over the world if we can't kill them with bombs,
we're going to kill them with food.
Una bomba in the bowl.
2-7 past 10-5-60.
Now what did Miguel just bring me here?
Oh, here's a whole thing.
We got the van is going to be a brand-ease tomorrow.
We're going to get this thing underway.
So I guess, you know, we look at it like we're going to head start, like this is a bone.
There you go.
Like a little bonus, because we officially are starting tomorrow against it.
And if you'd like to talk to Miguel right now about the mistake he made this weekend
and get an hitch for it, like about where you'd like to order your best meal CD,
you can call him at 305-6-5.
Well, you laugh at about it.
We all know it's a mistake.
305-6-5-0156.
6-5-0156.
And if you already ordered and you didn't get it, call him up and say,
Where is it?
Where is it?
Well, that's what he's doing anyway.
Hey, didn't I say yesterday he shouldn't give the number out of the air
but he went ahead and did it anyway.
People who haven't ordered anything are going to call him and say that.
Right.
That's okay.
We don't care.
He was dumb enough to give the number out of the air.
It's all right with us.
Keep him occupied.
Keep him away from Doreen.
It's a good excuse.
I got all these calls to return, sweetheart.
I'll catch you a little later.
27 past 10 at 560 WKM course.
Now that he's officially married, they can only do it like alternate Thursdays.
This is what I'm here.
Especially under that new sexual harassment rule that we got here at QAM.
Let me say it again.
Greg Reed, cheering a meeting about sexual harassment, is like Heinrich Himmler,
cheering a meeting on anti-semitism.
28 after 10 at QM.
By now you've been hearing me talk a lot about laminits aroussin.
How laminated would it flow from laminits aroussin?
This is the easy low maintenance alternative to a very expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminits aroussin is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from Peridor.
Pergo Wilson Art Unifloor and Quick Step.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo and certified installers, like I just said.
Here's another reason why I have to be calling laminits aroussin.
Their prices are so good it'll probably flow you.
You'll hit the floor just like Miguel.
Right now you can get there somewhere special for just 1995.
That's right, just 1995 bucks gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminit wood flooring,
which is positively absolutely.
Unlabel.
And laminits aroussin will match any legitimate written off for two.
For a free and home estimate call laminits aroussin tool free at 1-877-777-3336.
What could be easier?
They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving a 25 year warranty,
and years and years of beautiful easy care laminit wood flooring.
Call laminits aroussin tool free today and tell them that crusty old, hostile kneel,
to you to call 1-877-777-3336.
5 and the local, this is 5-60.
The radio is all yours, help me.
Q-A-N.
A-R-A-N.
A-R-A-N.
Miami has the dolphins, they're the worst football teams.
They're the flood the ball from goal to goal, like no one's ever seen.
They're on the ground, that's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet hole.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
32.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block.
Their coaches ought to tell them to put them day in their jocks.
Then they would run much faster and even into feet.
When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
That seem that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins, but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
Boo!
The dolphins have faith, feedler.
That quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised.
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Oh my god.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels, you know they're gonna choke.
They'll always just appoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on high zingas, ugly face in there.
The Miami dolphins.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
Oh what the hell?
32.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
I'll bet you anything that would be a retired guy on six.
And he gave up.
Give up to soon, Pally.
Bad timing.
He'll get back.
You're out of practice.
Bad timing.
5607.0560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Get in on line six and you can say,
right there.
Pretty good.
Sounded just like him.
I don't know by heart.
I say it in my sleep.
In fact, I'm thinking about it.
But he's not under yet.
Well, there's nobody around.
Okay, here's the poll question for today.
And we might not get too many of these because there maybe there aren't that many.
Like you were saying.
Right, I told you about that.
I'll tell you what inspired me about this.
Well, you mentioned Wayne Chandler.
I put him on there also.
We'll add.
Wayne Chandler was a nice guy.
What was the character he played on the kid show?
Wayne Chandler and the Sunday Funnies.
Well, he didn't play a character like Captain Kangaroo.
There was a robot, but he was the host.
I see.
Anyway, the reason that was inspired,
I heard some promo or a spot we were running this morning in between listening to Ricky
from Boryset and Mark the Deaths fan.
And the voice of Rick Weaver was on there.
Have you heard that spot?
Yes.
Oh.
And it reminded me of.
The fans beginning to blow the blow.
The greatest, of course, of all Dolphin broadcasters make no mistake about it.
The original, the best Rick Weaver.
He's funny right out of his jockstrap.
Now, you won't hear Mo say nothing like that.
I mean, Mo is good at play by play.
I mean, all fairness.
I mean, for all's always going on.
He's the bad.
No, he's not.
Rick Weaver was 10 times better than Mo.
And just he had a flair.
You know, he had something.
A living icon.
Well, when he was living.
He was a living icon.
When he was living, that's correct.
So I thought to myself, well, you know, there have been so many people come and gone.
And I thought this would be an interesting thing.
A little change of pace.
Who was your favorite soft-loader radio or TV personality who has now did?
Okay.
But when we're carrying K, she died, although quite fractured.
The news pleases me more than I could tell you.
Bill Cawder.
That's why I voted for her.
Of course, I was close personal friends with Bill.
But he was, we had a great time.
Great time on and off the air, especially at the track.
Bill Cawder, a micrenary, Rick Weaver, a big Wilson Wayne Chandler.
Those are the only names that come to my mind immediately.
But there obviously are many, many, many over the years.
And this, Ralph Renek.
See, there you go.
Let me write these down.
Ralph Redneck.
Good night.
And may the good news be yours.
Do you remember that?
Do you?
I do as a child.
I see.
Good night, may the good news.
He was so stiff, you know?
Of course, now that's bad.
See, this, well, we can make jokes about dead people because I've always told you,
it's not a question to disrespect.
They don't care.
They're dead.
They're in a box.
You can knock it up when I die, please.
Okay.
Let me mark the date on the calendar.
Miguel marked it in the calendar.
We can have a party.
Although Teddy, in my amulet, will be upset.
He likes you.
Of course, he's a chronic.
Why?
I said, thanks, Ted.
Do you know who that is?
He's a chronic faxer.
I see.
He likes you.
Although he's got plenty of bitches about, he's got all kinds of complaints.
Too bad.
We'll get to you, Teddy.
We'll get to your facts in time.
In time.
As Linda Blair would say.
Ralph Redneck and Bishop.
The list is growing already.
How much of the audience has got some names for the list?
So far, we got a microtinary with eight.
Now, Rick Weaver was great.
He wasn't a nice person.
I will say this.
There were some similarities there with Moe.
He smelled bad.
His personal hygiene was horrible.
And he was a pompous, self-indulgent ass.
I remember the callers one time.
He went to dinner with Rick and his wife.
Yeah.
And all he talked about was himself.
The entire time.
That's all he talked about was him.
It worked many of a remote with Rick Weaver.
Yeah.
Only ever a gentleman sat right next to him.
Right.
Like I said, he was a pretty good guy.
At least as far as I know.
Compared to what we got now.
No.
Professional didn't talk down to anyone that I saw.
I wonder where he is now.
He is.
On clear street right now.
Well, I hope he's having a good time.
Ha ha ha ha.
Pound in his feet on the Mississippi mud.
Oh, you remember that, that, that, that, that, that, too.
Oh, yeah.
Pound in his putt on the Mississippi mud.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, bruh.
Now that was, now that was bad because his wife died.
She was ill with cancer for a long time.
She passed away.
And he allowed the obligatory amount of time to pass.
And he moved off to Mississippi when they forced him to retire.
And he came back to announce to us that he was getting more action in Mississippi
than ever when he was alive.
Who to felt it?
Well, I don't know.
Especially in his case because he smelled so bad.
Well, maybe in Mississippi the error smells so bad.
They can't really tell the difference, you know.
I thought he smelled funny.
Rick Weaver.
For old codger, yeah.
I didn't spend that time, that much time around him,
but Bill Colteries to tell me that Rick could smell kind of funky, you know what I mean?
Well, old people.
Although I will say this, I never did see him pull Dingo Burr is out of his ice in public.
I never saw that.
Yeah.
Yeah, DC hair.
Or we adjust his package in public.
He had a nice head of hair.
Right.
In fact, he was sure, he was, he was a classy, a seeming guy.
I'm not saying that he was classy, but he, he put on a good, you know.
I'm sure he had the potential to be a prick.
I just never saw it.
He had a potential prick.
Well, I know somebody else has got a potential prick.
Absolutely.
But that's another story for another day.
Don't be picking on him now just because for all through one of the bus this morning,
let's go in Scott.
Let's go in Scott.
So we'll add to that list.
We'll just stand and I just want to say this before we do the break.
You know, you people out there and it's my own fault for getting sucked in yesterday,
because I'm weak, because I try to please the audience.
I try to let them, you know, what do you guys want?
You know, bad mistake.
This is not going to happen again today.
It's not going to happen tomorrow.
Of course tomorrow's Wednesday anyway.
It's hump day.
It's not going to happen Thursday.
Is it going to happen Friday?
No.
No chance.
The one to two hour, like I said, this is the week before Labor Day.
There still is nobody out there.
So this business, oh, that one to two hour with all the vets is terrible.
You know, I asked, I did ask the question.
And I got sucked in by just two or three people into, you know, taking calls and believe you me,
by one, they had run out of material.
By what?
By one minute past ten.
They had run out of material.
So don't try to suck us in again.
Okay, it's one thing to suck us, but don't try to suck us in.
We're supporting you 5.15 UAM.
Hey, Tuts.
Must be goldeny.
Look at your nipples.
Tuts.
Yeah, they pop in out like bobber bushes, I balls.
Tuts.
Hi, grandparents.
Hi, damn to be slow.
Are both these eights taken for the please sit down?
One cheek here?
And the other cheek.
Yeah.
She.
Then why need you thank you for decorating my apartment with all those posters of hurricane players?
Well, it was the least I could do after you gave me that Larry Kochabumblehead deal though.
Ooh, tithin, tithin, tithin, tithin, tithin.
All right, all right, everybody sit out and shut up.
Welcome to the WQIM corporate forum on sexual harassment.
An issue of testicular proportions.
Believe me, Brenna, I ought to know.
And now, without any further do-do, I yielded the microphone to my close, fecinal friend.
The illustrious Mr. Greg Reed.
Welcome to the evening ladies and gentlemen.
This is Greg Reed, welcoming you to the WQIM corporate forum on sexual harassment.
And now, let me start off by saying that any employee fraternization will be dealt with severely and without any mercy.
Yeah, unless, of course, it's myself.
And why not?
I own the place.
And now, furthermore, come on baby, just let me go back here.
Just let me go back here.
How much is this?
I'm gonna do it quickly than it goes like this, yeah.
Be gentle, good that out.
Clare it.
Yes, Mr. Reed, stop nibbling on the beast's arm.
Will you?
I am the beast.
This little butterfly.
And now look, it's-
And most getting raped again.
Oh yeah, but, look at the work.
I can't see this one, you know it is.
You're all animal.
You're all animal.
You're all so unclean.
What is it forever?
Get away from me.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Stop it.
You want to scary me.
Stop it.
Stop it.
Stop what?
You know, if we don't get-
I'm not the-
Stop it because of that.
I'm looking because this light is not on here.
Oh.
So, for right, you can bitch all you want about the crappy equipment you got over there.
But this piece of crap.
Look at that.
You got to bang on it and twist it and jam it in the button too.
We got nothing but service in here.
Let's get fix it in here to straighten this thing out because if we have to depend on George Corso, it'll be a 25-25.
We'll have to call him Zagrin Evans to fix this place.
That's how bad he is.
Is he the worst?
Or what?
Here are a couple of more dead personalities for our poll today.
Sonny Hirsch and Clare Moser.
Who?
That's way before your time.
He was a sports guy.
I think I channeled seven.
They had sports back then.
And maybe like on GBS.
I bet you can molden members Clare Moser.
Sonny Hirsch.
How could we forget Sonny?
So, anyway, well, look, if we put them all on there, what's the point of giving a pullout, right?
That's true.
How we're going to kill any good time with that?
Good part.
Look at this.
We already got 15 votes for Ranieri and 15 for Mr Weaver.
Mr Weaver don't make mistakes.
Big Wilson's seven.
Wayne Chandler four.
Bill Carter only three.
We're all the other names supposed to be on there.
Where's Ralph Renek?
Where's Ann Bishop?
Where's Sonny Hirsch and Clare Moser when we need him?
How about Ron Harrison?
What are you looking off to decide?
What does that mean?
Ron Harrison, sports guy.
Don't you remember?
He kind of like had a little problem.
Oh, that's right.
Little gun problem.
Blue is brains out.
Ron Harrison.
Ron was a good guy.
He used to call a show all the time.
That's right.
Sure.
Sure for the keys.
Right.
That's him.
He used to drive.
He used to commute all the way from down in a key there somewhere all the way up to this
gun for a second.
Right.
Right.
So this will be kind of a lot of memories.
Most of them bad, but that's the way it is.
We'll get out of our assistant.
They will have like a regurgitation party.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Inforizon line.
WDQAM.
Oh, right.
Yes.
Hi, Kevin.
You're on right now.
Oh, hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Good.
Good.
Good.
I'm calling out to the Weston area.
Who loves the guy who was, I believe he was the TV host of Night Out Theater.
It was used to be on the Eastfield.
Big Wilson.
Dead.
He's on our list.
He's got seven votes.
He does have seven votes.
He said he sat at the piano with the owl thing on the piano.
That's right.
That's right.
Now, was he also a radio host also?
Yeah.
He was one of the great entertainers on WIWD.
Who's there with Larry King and Ranere and Bill Calder?
We see also on Cat Radio, by ancient?
Big Wilson, not that I know of.
Okay.
Now, Cat Radio Station used to be off of Bay Road, correct?
That is correct.
That's right.
There was, it wasn't off of Bay Road.
It was on.
It was 7.59 Bay Road.
17.59 Bay Road.
17.59.
That's right where the three brothers, the Git brothers, that they're recording studio at then.
Did they?
I think the EO is right across the street from there.
I'll be damned.
Yeah, I think they were 17.01.
Okay.
That's what I thought.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Have a right day.
There you go.
A little history.
I mean, talk about ancient history.
17.59 Bay Road WKAT.
Cat's the cat.
You call it Cat's in time.
Frank Cat's in time.
Siddler Venn.
Siddler the cat.
Thanks, Ed.
You can blame Siddler Venn for me being here right now.
I would all do him.
Who might have even outcreg Worthing, Jim Alton, Lynn Russell, Sonny Hirsch, uh...Rove
Schindler, Shirley Spellerberg, Mark Steinbaum.
No.
Davey Gravy Line.
That's right.
I bet you didn't know Davey Gravy Line did at your service on installation.
I also produced my show.
I wouldn't put the call through.
That's what you told Davey Gravy Line.
Well, there's Fixit.
That's the only engineer that we can count on.
You're our great pink hope.
I was going to say white hope, but you're like, so bizarre.
No, but this, uh...
This is screwed up.
The mic's switching here.
Like, sometimes you hit it and the light goes on and sometimes it doesn't go on,
but your mic is still on and you really don't know.
It's kind of like Russian Roulette, which of all the pots that's probably not the good one
to be playing Russian Roulette, especially with a potty mop like me on here.
And of course, George, forget about it.
Sorry.
So Fixit says, have no fear because I'm here.
I'll take care of it.
Oh, how could we forget, George, you're a slip-in, man.
You are a slip-in.
Somebody faxes in a whole list here.
Robey Young.
Oh.
Yeah.
We're doomed.
The pot.
You're a doomed man.
You are doomed.
That's what Robey said.
How much do we have that misspelled in here, too?
Oh, and oh, there it is.
You people are shouldn't.
So damn bad, if not only you have to be bought out by that bandit passion.
But if I wanted to buy some time on your station, I couldn't.
You don't have real people at 75, uh, for it.
You don't have it on your regular number.
I was asked to be a guest.
I'm one of your talk shows, or an I think it's your AM, the W-I-O-D.
They won't even call me back to tell me what the name of the show is.
I worked on your station in 1964.
I'm a sort of prominent guy in Miami.
And by time, and I influenced people who by time.
If you people can't get it together to be a better radio station,
then if you were at the Hull Red station or an EBS station,
I think you should take a damn frequency.
Which my grandmother's friend Jesse J put on the air in 1926.
Oh, you're trying to damn thing off and get out of the business.
You people ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
My name is Robyn John.
And the telephone number is a motel in Miami, room 13.
You people ought to be ashamed.
You shouldn't even be running that facility.
I used to be the boss of the damn thing in 1926.
I ran the damn thing, and I was running your ass.
You are terrible.
You have no credibility in radio.
Now, damn it all the best before I get on the phone to pension.
You get on the phone to me.
You can take this back.
I'm a number one more.
If the sale goes through very well because you're doomed anyhow.
We'll do it, we'll do it.
I was Robyn when he was still alive.
How could we have forgotten Robyn?
I'll tell you who else we haven't put on her yet.
You're going to be ashamed and embarrassed in humility.
Alan Burke.
Oh, well, I met him once.
What does that have to do with it?
Is this Paul about you?
No, but I was like, why would I remember Alan Burke?
Like, I used to listen to him.
Because he was prouned, because he was a big name.
Not when I was real.
The Dean.
Yeah, whatever.
That's Mr. Burke to you, dummy.
Talk radio back.
Can we still have that cart?
Maybe.
I'll play some...
No, you don't have to play anything.
No!
No, look at that.
You just found it.
Don't be dicking around with it.
We don't have a lot of time for this crap.
That's Mr. Burke to you, dummy.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
This is great.
Of course, anybody under the age of 100 don't remember these people, but you know what?
Too bad.
Too stinkin' bad.
You'll be old.
You'll be olden people like me in most of day two and Hank.
And everybody on this radio station.
That's the only reason they're listening to Ferrell, because he's the only one we got under 90.
Right, that's right.
That's exactly right.
He's the only guy we got under the age of 100.
Oh, that's which.
And a mad dog.
I got news for him.
No spring chicken.
Mad Dog was in here yesterday.
We bonded briefly.
He was ecstatic to see me and the feeling was vice versa.
In fact, he's so ecstatic about doing this two to four thing now.
You have no idea.
He just peed all over me.
I had to change underwear four times.
Is he on today?
Let me take a look.
Well, you never know, because I see he's not on tomorrow, because they got that long trip to Jacksonville for their football game up there.
Or to New Orleans, where have they gone?
New Orleans.
We got the mad dog.
Is on today in the studio.
Then we got the great white, the secret weapon is filling for the Humper.
He'll be on it for four to six 30.
You got your Marlins on deck at six 30.
Marlins at the Pirates a crucial.
The Marlins backed into a tablet.
A Phillies last night because the Marlins had the night off and the Phillies lost again, which the Phillies are losing every day now.
So they're time for the wild card, which even George is very excited about that.
Marlins at the Pirates at 705.
The night Eddie K. Follows that, he'll tell you all about his Daniel Highlight scam with Ferrell.
And then you got Joe and Mark overnight, two to five in the morning.
As they leave in for the mole man.
Didn't see the mole man this morning.
Missed him.
In fact, I drove real slow.
Well, it was raining.
That was a good excuse.
I would drove in slow mode so I could see no mole.
Then he used a pitch for the match.
So we have a really pretty poor Hideo and no more for the doggies, right?
No, no, no, no, no, who was it?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Who was your favorite songwriter?
Radio or TV personality who is now dead.
That's our poll question today.
64 votes.
Micriner A23, Rick Weaver 17.
Big Wilson 13.
Bill Kaldor 6, Wayne Chandler 5.
We're all these other names.
How are we communicating with you to him?
I need to...
Let's talk home during the break.
Oh, Jesus.
Well, he might have been off to the bathroom or something.
Oh, yeah.
We don't know how long that can take.
We need a week like that.
Oh my God.
Can you imagine the gigantic dumps he takes?
God.
The whole foundation of Disney World shakes when he takes a dump up there.
So somebody faxes me all these names.
I mean, I have no idea why.
Just about, oh, but here's one.
Lead Gillette.
I totally forgot.
See, I never would have thought about that.
Neither would you.
Lead Gillette.
Died at a very early age.
He had a little bit of a problem.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, he did, right?
And you won't see him.
What?
Oh, that was bad.
When you won't see him, no more, okay?
I see I'm on his list in Ricky Tiki's show.
And look who else is on here who's still alive.
Bill Tanner.
What?
He's on here.
In fact, he's got kind of like a floating name on the list.
He floats all over the place.
She's real tight with the muff by the way.
Miss Tanner.
Russell Waces is on here too.
I'll never tell you about my dinner with the...
Oh.
What a business boys and girls.
Let me say I have Jerry Sullivan's on here too.
Jerry who stood in the studio that day.
And they weren't working that day.
I don't think so.
I stood against the wall there where that picture of that hut
the bitches up there in the wall.
stood right there and just stared everyone.
I watched the show on a day when I couldn't buy a call for lover money.
And I was playing music and getting all aggravated.
He just kept standing there.
And I remember going up front to Sheryl and saying,
you know Jerry's a good guy, but why the hell is that son of a bitch standing there?
I'm like dying out of vine in here and having a brutal day.
And he's standing there like observing the show, you know?
Taking notes?
I don't know if he's taking notes or not, but he was basically an asshole.
I'm not that low.
This is 20 or 560.
You way out.
Love here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
Love it on a 1-5 60 WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday to you.
We got the mad dog coming along at 2 o'clock and then we got Joseph.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
I'm happy.
That's right.
That's my philosophy.
I played it.
You the same thing.
It's only coincidence.
It's only coincidence.
You better believe it.
Who was your favorite LYN?
And please don't fax me stuff that's so obvious.
People fax me, I'm so glad that I'm going back soon.
Konseko ends nine weeks in jail,
but still under house arrest.
Like I don't read the newspaper,
like everybody doesn't know that.
Come on, touch the crap already.
Quit making us chop down cherry trees
like George Freakin' Washington, Carver.
And what's the other thing they faxed to me about OJ?
Look at what I have cut out here right here.
I got all the OJ stuff in case we have to fall back on it,
which I'm sick and tired of talking about Freakin' OJ,
that murdering prick, okay?
I know for that scumbag already.
Now somebody writes the late Jack Carney,
he was in Palm Beach, right?
Don't know, never heard of it.
Jack Carney?
Never heard of it.
Oh, I know who I'm, no, I'll tell you another one
for Palm Beach, Jack Cole.
Okay, see I'm doing that now to avoid,
because all the Palm Beach people think that we listen
to Palm Beach radio, which nobody here does.
Jack Cole, which I never heard him,
but a lot of people like him.
He's dead.
He's dead, okay.
The ED, dead.
Also, oh, and you know who else is dead?
Speaking of Palm Beach?
I give up.
Lee Fowler.
He died?
You know, he died a long time ago.
I just had that queued up.
I know you did.
And Jack Carney, I don't know who Jack Carney was,
but I'll put it down anyway.
Was he like a Carney worker?
Sure, very good, really.
Jack Carney, I have no idea who that was.
It seems to me Jack Carney was on KM election St. Louis.
Now whether he worked down here or not is debatable.
See, if they're gonna start calling in with people
who work like at WCCO and Minneapolis,
or if they're gonna give me like Larry Glick,
who isn't dead by the way, from WBZ in Boston.
I know we don't want out of town people.
The question is, who was your favorite South Florida radio
or TV personality, who's now dead?
And Ken Maldon says,
Jack Carney, we have no X-Lewis, Jack Carney.
Right, he worked with it.
But he worked here?
No.
Now he never worked here, so I'm, of course not.
See, I knew that. He was on KMOX.
You know that they tried to hire me a couple of times,
KMOX, they had some bitch call me,
a couple of times when I was at WS News.
And she kept saying, is it true that out of the blue,
she'd call me like twice,
is it true that you criticize the Catholic Church?
Of course, you do realize that St. Louis
is one of the most Catholic cities in the country
next to Boston, I guess?
From the market out there.
How about you, Perni?
Currently on the market in St. Louis at KMOX,
and then he passed away, he had a heart attack.
Arnie Warren went to St. Louis to take the job.
Oh my God.
I'll be damned.
And didn't last there very long.
Really?
Maybe he left the WS name behind.
What was the character that he was in?
Amos.
Oh, Amos, Arnie and Amos.
See, don't remember any of that, Dave.
Well, you're lucky.
You really didn't miss a damn thing.
Nice to see you, Ken.
There's the great Ken Maldon, who's a legend,
and he's still alive, dammit.
He's still pumping out the hits here on QAM.
Let's see, Lee Fowler, Jack Cool.
This is fun.
I like this.
This is a nice break from all this.
Sure.
No, everyone knows.
The Mike turned up for Ken.
You just calm down.
You're so out of control.
Don't you understand?
It's still, I'm trying to convince you.
This is the last week of, I keep saying that I keep pushing it ahead.
There's nobody here.
No.
There's a bunch of Coons, though.
Oh, I didn't say it on the air what the last story was.
Coons in my house.
Yeah.
So to show a hope in mind that I am.
I'm serious that we saw the footprints.
We called the a Critic control.
When I got home yesterday, the Critic control people were there.
They were a real scam, by the way.
Are they?
Yeah.
I thought it's like a county agency or something.
Critic control isn't it?
But it's not.
I never heard of them.
Should I have John called the ATM people?
They're coming anyway to bug people because they also do pest control.
Yes, they would.
So we had rats living under this shed.
The tools shed.
Yeah, you call it and yeah, they took care of that.
Yeah, see, of course, John looks at the card and says, oh, pest.
I didn't think that meant rodents.
What the hell does he think it means like a fat boy?
I call them all my mom ones.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
But anyway, Critic control was there and there was the footprints out there.
And I think it was on the roof.
I think it was prancing.
Like maybe it was practicing for Christmas.
Either replacing the reindeer.
They worked cheaper.
No, sir, that thing was like doing a tag.
It was doing a Sammy Davis, Jr.
on the roof.
Like I said.
I see a line coming up here.
No, better not.
Anyway, here's the facts that says so anyway, we, I don't think I have many addicts,
but they put traps in there anyway and whatever.
I'm out, you know where I am.
I'm out in the country.
I'm out in the jungle.
I'm out in the woods.
In addition to which now that they're chopping down every last block
of all the forest out there, it's going to default.
They got to go somewhere.
In your eyes.
The possums and the armadillos and the coons, they got to find some of this thing.
Place, right?
Sure.
That's an interesting question.
Where do they go?
Do you know what I'm saying?
Those who can't adapt to do like the raccoons.
They live in the dumpsters under them.
They're doing just fine in the urban environment.
I think the possums are doing all right too.
There are coons living in dumpsters?
Oh, yeah.
Does the president know about that?
Now here's the fact that it says, and he probably wouldn't care.
Here's the fact that's my favorite DC local media personality was Adam Stanyans
who was a staple on the motivation station for many years.
He was a very nice man with a calm soothing voice I would vote for him.
Well, you know what?
Just because I'm in such a good mood because I'm getting out of here very soon.
I'm putting Adam Stanyans on the list.
I have no idea who that is.
And of course, the motivation station, WNN.
How many, how many listeners do you think they were?
And the whole time that they had that format.
About third man.
Yeah.
The motivation station.
The problem was they couldn't motivate anybody to listen.
S-T-A-N-I-O-N.
How else would you spell Stanyans?
I just like it sounds.
Like Stanyans without the CHS.
Without the CHS.
In there.
So is Fixit-Sea-Lan-Lak-The-Right now.
He's going to fix it during the next break.
Uh, well, he's going to fix the light bulb as far as the switch and whether or not.
Oh, see now?
No, don't go getting complicit.
Nice one, Tom.
That's part of the scam of that pie.
I know.
I think probably it's sabotaged by George Corso to get one of us to say some crap
when we thought the mic was off to get us canned or something like that.
It's got to be sabotaged.
Up here is Corso, you idiot.
Oh, but we're going digital.
We're going digital.
Yeah.
Sure we are.
So we're continuing to build this list.
Robe Young.
Man, oh man.
Somebody thanks me.
Alan Fried.
Alan Fried worked in...
Bob Green?
Not our Bob Green from IOD, but there was Bob Green on this station.
On QIM was a very big personality in this market.
A hundred years ago, I think he's dead.
I believe.
Okay.
I'll take your word.
Maybe Ken is going to have to come back in.
You'll have to be our consultant.
Take notes, Ken.
You'll have to be a consultant on this.
Because there aren't too many of us who've been around the market there long.
See a lot of these other people come there like Whipper Snappers.
Johnny come lately's, you know, like Tom Jicca.
Hey, you're an idiot, Tom.
You ever snap your Whipper?
And of course, Tom never wrote anything about the spring book.
And then of course, the excuse is the summer book that he's...
He's just out of touch.
He's out there in Hollywood for months at a time.
He's out of touch.
All the stuff about Mo and about Ferrell and all the stuff going on in the whole market in general.
Anything from him?
No.
No.
Nothing.
That's another reason this market is such a bush-league place.
You go to like a real city like Toronto and every newspaper has got like regular columns about sports radio and TV and regular radio and TV.
All the time.
Yeah, but other than this, what's to write about in this town?
How about power and men in black?
And the party's over.
There's a lot of stuff going on in this market.
What do you have in the book?
No, no, that's not the point.
There's a lot of stuff going on.
There's a lot of cloak and dagger.
Oh, wow.
Oh, and speaking of the dagger, I wish I would have had one this morning.
No, seriously.
And speaking of your hair down, but it was her.
Channel 4, they've reached new lows.
You think...
And in addition to which I forgot to rip them for this, they've been promoting this...
This Latin Grammys thing, they've got a special thing on the news every day.
For your how many days?
About 30, man.
Every day.
Every day they're pandering, they're sucking a Julio ass about the Latin Grammys.
Does anybody give a flying thing about the Latin Grammys?
No.
Even if people are going to perform there, don't care about it.
Angel Array was on with some other silly twit this morning.
It was a cackle fest, the light.
No, seriously, that's the only term I can think it was a cackle fest.
The light was what you had never seen.
I mean, it was right around 7 o'clock.
I'm sure that maybe one or two other...
How many people do you think really saw that?
At 7 o'clock at the morning, watch the channel 4.
3rd, man.
Embarrassing would be an understatement.
I guess that's the new thing now in morning to wake people.
There was nothing funny going on.
Yeah, it is kind of like that.
What do you... what do you...
Do you know how old that card is?
I know, about her rescuer.
That card's been around many years, man.
5th, man.
11 past 11 at 5.60 WQM on a great Tuesday.
We're just kind of letting our hair down like Mo Watt would be doing.
If it was good enough for a scurrant, it's good enough for Mo.
She didn't have nice hair this morning.
Washed.
It was washed this month.
It was washed in condition.
It was a sheenie.
And shiny.
And the rest of it was still a piece of crap.
If you need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers buy houses fast and hassle free.
Fast cash home buyers buy houses in any condition location and for any reason.
You need to set your house fast because your house may be need a new roof.
Flooring any other repairs.
Well, whatever you do, don't throw money away and costly repairs.
Stop and call Rod today at 1-866-785-FAST for a no obligation hassle for your offer.
At fast cash home buyers, they help solve your house problems for you.
They have a vacant house.
If you're tentative doing with a problem tentative, maybe you're going through a nasty, messy, smelly, stinky divorce.
Call fast cash home buyers.
Or maybe you're one, two, or three payments behind.
Maybe you inherited a property that you don't want and want to get rid of.
Fast cash home buyers can help you out.
So call Rod today at 1-866-785-FAST.
There's no obligation let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind.
Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today and you won't have to pay any real estate commissions either.
So call Rod at 1-866-785-FAST for a hassle for your offer and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems.
Why in local, your sports radio 560?
You ain't.
You ain't.
Good morning, everyone.
Welcome to the Mojave de David and his home.
And, uh, how are you doing today, my little Suscalo?
Why the heck is so nice today, Mo?
The mic is on.
You noticed, here.
Well, if you must know, I am now a kinder and gentler.
Oh, how are the David and his?
You are?
Oh, I soy-tiny.
Just feel my hand.
Ooh.
They're so smooth.
Do you so come and dishwasher liquid hand?
Not dishwasher liquid, you moron.
No!
I keep them in the crack of my ass.
I ain't taking for gold today.
I keep them there because it's thorough of a eunuch.
Here, smelly.
No.
Yeah, man, you smell.
I said smelly.
You better be nice to me, Mo.
Joe said, if you'll wait me, he'll squish you like a quince-studded toy.
He is that so.
That Joe don't bother me.
Why, he's a regular Mortem-a-Mick.
No.
No, my finger.
No, my please.
Stop.
No, my finger.
Hey, would I tell you, Mo, how are you from Volkow?
Oh, what do you know, Joe?
You got a short memory, old man.
Now, what did I tell you?
Would be a kinder in the Chip Love Moe?
Yeah, and?
Or else, you'll rip up my trope.
You better leave that kid alone, dude.
Or I'll play those veins on your nose like a banjo, man.
Yeah, you better not think banjo!
Why, you dirty lulfum!
Oh, sorry, Joe.
Oh, you're gonna be my friend.
Okay, so Boris fixed it the eltsum once to apologize for the three-sensititor.
Well, that was worth it, because he fixed the problem.
Yeah, he fixed the light.
It was good.
Tested out.
It worked.
All right.
He already tested it out.
Went it down.
Yeah, but I wanted to do it on the air.
Let's see.
You're breaking your own rule.
Now, see, you don't get it.
Whoever sent this back, so you don't get it at all.
It says you're breaking your own rule and building this morning's pool.
You've named about 30 dead personalities.
You're only supposed to be a loud one.
No, the audience is only a loud one.
We start the pool always.
I mean, if we only started with one, what's the point of that, right?
Absolutely.
Sure.
How about Gorilla Puss, ain't she dead?
Sell your cruise?
I mean, see, that goes to show how idiotic this is.
Who was your favorite self-floating radio or TV personality?
Was she a radio or TV personality?
No.
I don't even have the MCD in there.
Of course, if it wasn't Toronto, I got it in there.
But that's okay.
He has a show.
The pool seemed to be getting more difficult to make.
Perhaps you should just retire.
Love you and to show us, sweetheart.
Vince and Jacksonville, chronic listener, seconded.
Okay, Vince, nice try, but you're a little over the line, over the edge.
Like I said yesterday, the audience they like to give out instructions.
You know, you shouldn't do this and that one or two are, yeah, blow it out your ass.
So let us figure it out.
And how could we have left this one out?
Probably the most famous of all.
Yeah.
At least the radio side.
Alan Courtney.
Oh, you've never heard of it.
I didn't say you would have heard him.
Do you know that his last day on the year, the next, he used to be on at night.
Okay.
The last night he was on was like on a Friday night, I believe.
And on Monday night, I came on the R&W and WS.
And he took ill and he died.
And he liked that.
Oh, you're fault.
And what was his kids name?
The work that I would be was always ripping me in ass Kevin Courtney hated me.
I don't know why really.
Yeah, every time, don't you remember they let him do a talk show on a weekend?
He would rip me an ass.
I don't know what that was all about.
Maybe he was jealous because I replaced his, uh, enemy me replacing, but I just, whatever.
I remember his really, uh, exciting news delivery.
Alan Courtney.
Well, see his good as some of those, uh, AA people we had at the Paxen I.O.D.
50 people died in a fiery plane crash early in the morning.
Now we headed I.O.D.
The, um, William Robert Milton III.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh my god.
And then what about the other guy, the, uh, reject who they made into a news guy?
John M.
John M.
Hey, it's not like a, hey, John, how you doing?
Oh, sorry.
He was a member of that club.
Hey, John, why you drinking all that diet coke?
How about Herman and McBean?
Suppy sales all alive.
And the red headed guy that did the show after 10 or an A.M. and the, uh, the bird.
And George and a kid.
Oh, it's your friend, Puerto Rican Ralph.
See what I mean?
They're under a lot of stress.
It's hot.
It's human.
Whatever they had upstairs is rotting away.
Try telling you about the Reacons.
Alan Courtney, man.
Get him on there right away.
Got him on there.
I don't see him on there yet.
You just run it.
I don't care.
I want him on there right now because it's my bad.
I should have known that right off the bat.
The electron.
I've even gotten the 10, uh, whatever.
Or a lot.
The electrons haven't reached Eric yet.
Yeah, how they haven't.
They're probably tingling in his back dome right now.
Well, here's one that says the bird is dead.
What happened?
I mean, that's like saying George Washington is dead.
What happened?
He's been dead a long time.
He had MS.
And he got real ill about, uh, what, three, four years ago.
Something like that.
And, uh, was in the hospital in Lakeland.
John, he dark went over to see him.
And he said it was a very tragic thing.
And he died like a, not a very pleasant death.
And that was that.
Happens to the best of us.
And the worst of us.
And that's it.
And he was, uh, he was a lot better than you think.
Than who thinks?
Than you do.
Why do you keep saying that?
Because it's true.
Just like you hate Rick Rimey and you deny, you know?
All right.
I think we ought to have a show one day when you finally
fest up to all these things that you've been denying for all these years.
I could never be great.
What?
Keep lying. It's funnier.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
No, you hated the bird.
I did not.
I had one, maybe, half a conversation with him.
No, I don't mean on a personal level.
I'm talking about on the air.
You hate the bird.
Yeah, I do.
If you miss the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610WIOD, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything.
Because I can't stand listening to you.
Are you sorry I could do this back?
Do I?
Just do me a favor, play anything.
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God.
You sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Well, why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
You're not just to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God, can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
I'll play something already.
Why won't you answer me?
Oh, God, stand it.
You won't see he won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Hello.
Uh, anyway.
I can't.
How about you, Parton?
Your first year at IOD?
Yes.
All the tapes are right there in the room with you.
No, no.
I don't want to hear about the first year at IOD.
It was Zeta was the good year that we had.
He was good on Zeta.
He was.
I had a good time on Zeta.
Me and he and Captain Dave.
Now, I had a fact here that was so damn important that was like crucial like the whole human race
may hinge on it.
And I think I lost it because somebody faxed the name of everybody ever worked in a market,
which I don't want.
Look at all these pages and pages of crap.
Where is the one that had the thing about Adam Stanyans?
It was most amusing.
It was caustic and hostile, which is what I like.
And I can't find the damn thing.
Here's the one from your friend Teddy, but that sucks your ass so that can wait
I may have a Schmidt candidate already.
The one about Adam Stanyans who went to North Miami Beach high or something like that,
maybe they'll fax it to me again.
It was in my pile here and then Fixit came in and got in a way and knocked me off the
air for three seconds.
But he fixed the button.
Nice going, Fixit.
He's okay.
He's the best.
He's a good guy.
You won't hear a cent.
Oh, here it is.
You won't hear a cent nothing bad about Fixit on this show.
He fixed this dirty pot.
He fixes everything.
All you got to do is tell him that there's a problem and within an hour whenever he can
sneak in and get in.
And he fixed that set.
Listen, you hear that?
Hear what?
Exactly.
See?
Oh, that's right.
There's no noise in the pot.
There's no pot in the bowl.
Here's the facts from David who says went to school with Adam Stanyans.
We went to Nartles and Miami Beach high schools together.
He was a big geek.
According to it was.
So I'm assuming he is dead.
Okay, I don't know.
Because it says he was a big geek.
According to this girl we both dated Lauren.
He was hungry like a horse but had the intelligence of one too.
He was never a radio personality.
It says.
Love David.
PS attention George.
I spoke to our mutual friend Barb's husband Marcel.
I told him to kick your ass because you want to bone his wife.
Okay.
Do you know who that is?
I know Barb.
I don't know her husband.
But I do want a boner.
Okay.
You want a boner?
Park the Greg.
He walks around with one all day.
And then of course there's always Moe who just got a bug up his head.
Maybe that's what he's trying to do.
Maybe there's no dingo berries back there.
He's just trying to grab that bug up his ass.
If you ever caught it he might actually be a bug.
Is it?
I don't know.
But bug?
Probably a roach.
56670560.506 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
I'm sure there are many many more names that we need for our list.
They're damn well better be or in big trouble.
WQAM.
Yes sir.
Who's it feel?
It sounds like me.
Hey how you doing?
Pretty good.
Did you mention Dave Dixon?
Dave Dixon is excellent choice.
See that's good.
That's right.
And he was a good guy.
Well I know he wasn't really a good guy.
He was kind of a crusty hostile guy but he was a good broadcaster.
I used to call a mother and talk about smoking hot during perimation.
Right.
Yeah he left here and went to Detroit.
Is that right?
He died.
No he died in Detroit.
Well if he's still alive why would you nominate him for the poll?
I don't know.
He said that's not the old broadcasters.
I don't know.
Dead ones and you hit the jackpot.
He's dead.
All right.
Nice going pal.
Okay.
He fell into a bucket of crap.
That's how he died.
No Dave Dixon.
He was a big heavy-set guy.
He was on against Big Wilson.
Okay.
Only he had better.
He had campier movies that he used to show at night.
And he used to show the prisoner Patrick McGoen and the prisoner.
You don't remember Dave Dixon?
No.
No Big Wilson was on Channel 6.
That's what I thought.
He was on what was the pirate world channel?
33, 30, whatever that was.
23 maybe.
No, no.
23, no I'm laying lay sucks.
No and those days it was happening.
Well whatever the hell it was somebody will know.
But Dave Dixon was great.
He was a lot of fun.
He was really laid back and sarcastic and fat.
And he's fat?
That was the thing.
He had to be fat to be on late night TV.
He had Big Wilson and Dave Dixon.
And they didn't measure by ratings by viewers but by the pound.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think Dave won out.
All the big one.
But once Big Wilson was a nice guy.
In fact, his son was an engineer.
Which I don't want to get into a whole thing because he was an engineer at
Paxen I believe or was it cheap to I don't know one of them.
I don't know.
Do you hear that?
Is that right?
Is that raccoons in the building?
Yes.
Rastlin all around.
I believe them.
I see.
I thought maybe that was clear and so happened on the Beast again in his.
It takes a different sound.
In his orifice.
I bet it does.
27 past 11 as we reminisces.
We're turning back to hands at time.
We're just counting a few days until Labor Day.
Once we get past Labor Day, then we'll do real shows.
No.
But we'll just keep threatening.
Like Victor Bordor.
We'll keep threatening to go back and do some real shows and talk some heavy-duty crap.
Some real issues, man.
Some issues.
Solve the problems in the world right now.
I'm too old for that.
Put somebody on who gives a crap about that.
That's not me.
I'm just here to have a good time to get a big fat paycheck.
I can Georgia's here to get a big fat one too.
We're just to make enough to buy a big fat one.
Right.
Dave Dixon is dead and we're putting him on, right?
Yes, he's dead and we're putting.
I'm not putting you on.
I'm telling you that he's dead.
Dave Dixon is dead.
He died a couple of years ago.
Maybe a little more than that.
Good guy.
I think what's his name from KAT died too?
I believe Jim Alton passed away.
I'm not really sure.
We'll have to check that out.
I have a feeling.
I'll tell you a little story about her someday.
27 past 11 at 560 WDQM.
We want to really get yourself a great pair of shoes and a fantastic deal on them.
Here's the story you love.
Brandy shoes.
This year celebrating their 25th year in business in South Florida.
Man, just like me.
Anybody can be around in this town, survive that long.
Must be doing something right.
And at Brandy's, they're doing it all right because they offered the top brands in a business
and on beatable prices.
They got rock ports, echoes, mefisto, timberland, carcass, floreshime, all the top names in a shoe business.
And when you've got big gigantic feet or little teeny petite tiny feet,
they'll give you a perfect fit because they have all the sizes.
Men size 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12, and very, very narrow all the way to the very big and fat and wide.
Like I always tell you, like a big old platypus.
And they've got people in the store who know the shoe business inside and out
who'll make sure you get a perfect fit every single time.
Brandy's shoes hop your feet right on over there for a perfect fit at 1290 North Federal Highway.
They're in pop out of each open daily night and 9 Sundays 10 to 5.
All this week at Brandy's, it's their end of summer blowout sale,
when and out they're blowing it out.
Save 30 to 50% off on over 4,000 men's and women's famous brands come in and visit them on the web at BrandySews.com.
And don't forget noon to 2 tomorrow, Miguel will be at Brandy's with a QM van with tickets, food, and of course all of our best and eel CDs,
and all of that good stuff.
My life and look all this is 4th radio 560, QAQAM.
I think your fishkeys are picky.
The gas cares me apart.
I think it's such a trip when you let it rip.
I love the way you farm.
The noise is almost getting.
You'll even scare the dog.
I hear the windows shaking.
I surprise it'll break.
I love to hear you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
I love the way you farm.
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
You want to be a man?
No, but I'm saying is who you're competing with.
Generally.
But back in those days you had Tanner, you had Budell, you had Joey, such as he was.
You had the sonny Fox, sonny, and what's his name?
They brought Joey in as a response to you.
That was their big idea.
Well, I'm just telling you there were half a dozen, well, no, actually herm anemic beam were on somewhere.
She, at that point.
And then they went someplace else.
Well, whatever, there were a whole bunch of shows we just blew everybody off the map on Nazeta.
What is it?
Joey came on to she.
I understand that and he used to talk about what that would be at risk, which is a company that owned them.
And nobody had any idea what he was talking about.
I wasn't disbelief.
Which some of us can do that and talk about things that nobody knows what they're talking about.
And make it entertaining in his case.
It was...
And then I talked my deep-featured side.
Wearing my skin short, punching on the bone out.
We're wearing a butterfly tie.
I'm scared for me, but it's you.
My road seems to be a fast one.
Neural makes me all different.
You can't do anything, so I'ma do one thing.
Okay, she's maybe throwing it..
Oh, yeah you're supposed to say that.
We're not that, like, speaking apart or who is equivalent.
He's gonna wake me up in the morning
He wakes me up with a smile
That's how I'm gonna do it
He's gonna wake me up with a smile
He's gonna wake me up with a smile
He's gonna wake me up with a smile
22 till noon at 5.60
We're kind of like living in the past
And of course I'm realizing more and more every day
That this is a place where people who live in the past fit in perfect
That's all this is about
What else you gonna do?
Rimmer is driving me back home from the doctor yesterday
Thanks again, Rimmer
She's not come-
Oh!
And guess what?
This is worth-
This is worth a drum roll, ladies and gentlemen
Yeah!
Wait, did you hear this?
You're full of this!
Oh!
Now see, he heard me ripping him and asked about how cheap he was
Right, oh he's responsible for my losing all that money him and his friend, Matured
I know what you're gonna say
So we're sitting there in the doctor's office waiting for our side by each visits
Would my good friend Dr. Solomon is a good guy by the way
And he opens up his wallet and after the four moths flew out
He's like, oh I heard you rip me
Don't you-
You know I feel bad about Matured, you know what I'm saying
And he actually can't forked over the 13th
I thought it was 14 but now it reduced to 13
With interest that's what I thought it would be about 80
Yeah shrinkage in a wallet
He forked over the 13 bussie of me from last year
And at lottery ticket we went on and together
When lottery was about 100 million whatever was
We had the first four numbers as matter of fact
So you can mark it on a calendar
Mark it down yesterday August 25th, 2003
Rimmer pays off Neal
I mean that was-
Oh right
Concession, nice going Rimmer
Okay Jerry Wichner, get him on there
Old Jerry boy if we had-
Are you else something I think we do have that Sammy Smith
And help me make it through the night
I have it on the old mini disc, what do you got?
What is that?
Oh we got the new Howard David Keychains
Absolutely
You asshole?
Take off those checker pants
I just said that
You asshole?
Jesus Christ?
I mean in fact this-
That'd be funny?
Absolutely, this is better than sex
Take off those checker pants
You asshole?
This Christ?
I mean in fact this-
We should charge 50 for these
Absolutely, this is better than sex
Take off those checker pants
You asshole?
Jesus Christ?
Oh I love it
So the more Howard David Keychains are when you can start earning now we got them
They're hot in fact you can get your first ones right tomorrow after the brandy's
Miguel's gonna be there
You can tell him what a bad mistake he made, they'll say you're right
He'll say something in the back of his behind
His mind was telling him that he shouldn't be doing that
Make up in any way so he'll be screwing around
Oh yeah, well they're everything I'm sure that-
Oh Alan Corbin WTMI
Says he-
Do you know who that is?
No, or was?
No
I'm sure they have his name spelled wrong
Please come up
They have it C-R-B-I-T
I'm spelling it with E-T-T
I don't know
It says with his death it was the beginning of the end of classical music in South Florida
Yeah but you got W-K-A-T
You got-
You got classical music on A-M on K-A-T
Must sound really great
You think?
I'll leave it up to you because I don't listen to classical music number one
And I certainly don't listen to K-A-T
Pets to cat
Do you mo?
I'm in Texas!
Oh
19 to noon at 560 W-K-R on the Mad Dog at 2
You got Joseph Gackie, the secret weapon of the summertime coming along at 4
And then we got the Marlins game all that Marlins craft
Oh also Don Bailey Jr. is on with Zagaki
Well thank God for that
And his magic flying carpet
Hey do you have kids going back to college?
Well if you do want to give them one of the comforts of home a brand new bed
From Dallama actress
By calling 1-800-MAC
Chris you can order your new mattress from Dallama actress for your college student
And send them up right in their off-campus apartment
When you call 1-800-MAC
This week ask about their low prices on certain perfect sleepers
A great option for students
Consumers rated certain perfect sleepers a best buy
And a Dallama actress of course they're even better buy
Special student deals on twin and fulls and great prices on all sizes
And comfort levels of certain bedding
It doesn't matter where the colors do this head of
If they're staying in South Florida
Maybe they're going to Philly
That's how I ask you to boss in New York
Washington maybe they're going to Ryerson Toronto
Whatever it might be
It doesn't make any difference because Dallama actress can make them feel like they're right at home
Get that shirt of bed right now by calling 1-800-MAC
You get service like you dream about from the delivery team rack number one in the world
And customer satisfaction
When you call Dallama actress at 1-800-MAC
Chris you pick the day in time and delivery within a tour window
Any day when it's convenient for you
Seven days a week from 8-10 a.m. until 10 p.m.
And your kids will be sleeping well the very first night
And probably screw in their brains out
With low prices same day delivery for you setup and removal
It's easy to see why Dallama actress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
Everybody gets a student discount to a Dallama actress
So call them right now 1-800-MAC
And save a Schmidtload of cash
That's 1-800-MATTRES
Or check them on the web if you like at macriss.com
For Dallama actress the easy the smart way to get you a great night's sleep
And your kids too
My life and love
This is 4th radio by 6th
You way and way
Wanted to tell you something?
Oh ok if there's a butt I smell it
Hello everyone!
Billy Maze here the guy who brought you oxy clean and orange clean
Now I've got a new product that harnesses another all natural cleanser
Introducing Fisi's clean
Look at that red wine stain on this carpet
Think you have to throw it out?
Think again just a few squirts of Fisi's clean
And look at that
Now you won't even care about the wine stain
And Fisi's clean even turns the carpet back to its original color
As long as it was brown
Let's put Fisi's clean and work on this iodine stain
The patented brown foaming action
And the distinctive odor is how you know Fisi's clean is working
Now just wipe it away with a crumpled piece of this
2 ply wiping tissue free with your purchase
Take it for me
I should know I'm Billy Maze
My initials are BM
And Fisi's clean works everywhere
Your home, office, garage, boat or RV
Anyplace accidents happen
It even works on pesky chocolate stains and stubborn skid marks
I'm Billy Maze telling you that when stains gotta go
You gotta go with Fisi's clean
Older now
Probably it's killed on it 560
So anyway Mike W. who is not an idiot
Did I call him an idiot?
Or an asshole
Or whatever I call him
Anyway, he said he's not an idiot
He says Gabriel Header did work locally on Channel 6
When they were independent after he'd been big nationally
So I'm putting them on there, Gabriel Header
Just like Header
He must have been 100 years old by the time he got here
Because I remember listening to him in the late 40s
There's a little kid when we hit our big white Philco radio
He used to do the news
There's good news tonight
That's how he used to say
He was old, he was not a year old man
So he must have been 200 by the time he worked here
But Gabriel Header, get him on there
Maybe there's a few coots old enough to remember him
Like Mike W. who is not an idiot
Sorry Mike, am I sorry?
No, but it sounds good, sounds sincere
Who was your favorite sound floater
And of course on you young punk's out there
This show is totally out of your realm
And that's too bad, okay? Go play with yourself
Do something useful, do something you can really enjoy
Go get some head
Champoo
Who was your favorite sound floater radio or TV personality who is now dead
And we have 183 votes, that's not too bad
I mean we're not going to get to 1200 votes we had yesterday
On a pool like this, we're not going for a lot of votes
We don't care because we realize that anybody with a brain aid here now anyway
And those of us who have to, well those of you who have to be
I really don't have to be
I got my pills now, I got my doctor, my prescriptions, yesterday, I got them all filled
What do I need to be here? I signed a whole bunch of stuff
All my deposits, all my, all that stuff done
What do I need to be here for?
Lunch with mommy
Like I said, see ya
See ya! Bye-bye!
Micronary 45
Rick Weaver 33
Big Wills, hello big, hello big
You got to play Big Radio
We got to play Big Radio
I forgot we even had Big Radio
I like it, it's one of my favorite
Why it's not in here, I'll say it again
Hello, hello, welcome to Big Radio
This is Big, Big Wilson
And that's right, I'm no longer dead
You see, this used to be wacky
And now it's big, so they dug me up to do Big Radio
Well, anyway, welcome to Big Radio
And we're going to have some lovely, lovely tunes to play for you
Such as this one
And maybe a few records
Some like entertainment here and there
Coming up we have the very very talented, the very very famous, starland vocal band
I believe it's afternoon, delight, one of my all-time favorites
I used to play it all the time on the great entertainer
The Big Wilson show, followed by Bill Colder
And any rate here we are
On Big Radio, finally I've made it to FM
And we're going to hear the starland vocal band with their very very lovely tune
afternoon delight
But first let's let me tell you about a place called Pammies, Sexy Pretty Things
Oh yes, they're very very pretty
Very very sexy things
What was that name of that place? I don't want to hear any more of that, it's Ponderous
Pammies, Sexy Things, was that the name of it?
Okay, you don't remember that?
Sure
Longeur Ray and stuff used to dress up in some of that
Anyway, here's the facts from Chronic Phil from Muggate goes on and on about Bush and E.P.A.S
I did talk about that yesterday Phil, I referenced it as they say
He wants to vote for Dave Dixon, who is on there
So anyway, we're eating at the New York State House
Big Wilson, Bill Colder and his wife, yours truly
And Marty Susman, who is the owner of the New York State House
Between Big Wilson and Marty Susman, they must have weighed 800 pounds
I'm not really sure who we had the four and who had the five or what you know what I'm saying
You know what I mean? You have the high five
Now, one thing I'll say about both Marty and Big, they're both dead
They were both, you know, I'll say two things, they were both great guys
And they both loved the great meal, three things, and they both dead
Because the good people are the fat people and the fat people are the dead people
Always had food on them
Always had something good on them
Oh boy, so at any rate, I'm thinking about the meal that we consumed
In fact, my heart is starting to get clogged
Just my arteries are starting to like re-bell
Just thinking about the meal that we ate
I mean, the state, the size of the state of Utah
And they had great French onion soup and just all the accoutrements that I'm sure
I don't remember it really specifically, but I'm sure a big fattening dessert, you know
Just shoved the final clock into the artery
To put the final shunt in there
Wow, those are the days, baby
We just have some great restaurants in this time, most of them are gone
Yeah, I know
Most of them are gone
How's our good friend Ponytail doing, I should point out
Have you heard from him lately?
Oh no
I don't see no spots on the log for the world famous pizza log
I heard some distressing things from remember about the plantation location yesterday
Which I don't want to repeat on the air, but nevertheless
Why?
I wouldn't say anything
No, but I just don't know what the story is with Ponytail because every time I come back to town he immediate
Not that I'm taking any food by the way
You saw what I ate, some bacon, I had two little things of bacon from how he's thanks again how he's
And it's very tempting because they bring enough food every day for an army
Right
Even though a lot of it, and it's so sad because so much of it has like Zach's name on it
Now didn't you tell me he was losing some weight?
Yeah, you are
Well, who the hell is he kidding?
He's having a big Zach attack every morning there from how he's
There's like seven or eight items in there with his name on it you know free food will destroy a lot of people's lives
Right I put a lot of weight on those early
That is absolutely correct that's why and you saw yesterday what happened here with fat boy
Oh I heard you, hey Pony, hey Pony what's the move from Tony? Where was that?
No, get away, go get out of here, go to hell away with your cane and your walker
And you're a big pine box that we're getting ready to shove your ass in
And then here's Todd Dreckdolless which I need to see him like I need Veracos veins
And he's in here, oh a vick and herbs is coming on a vick and herbs you want you want them to bring food sometime this way?
No, I've had vick and herbs their food is great they have the garbage plate with the Rochester the hot sauce
Well, you know like our friend Wayne you know right
They were it
Wayne and oh and what bad news was that did that have a lot of us up there that Mrs. Hudson passed away?
Yeah, well that's terrible it is sad very sorry sorry Hudson and Wayne she was a nice lady
Yes, see the nice people die early and then the bastards it like my father that lived till 90
Mom and mom oh she's still going she's still going that bitch
Hope you listen mom hope you're listening hold your mom 90
Plus a month and a few extra days beyond that and no signs of decay
Yeah, me neither no signs have let him up anytime soon 78 looks just like the day I met her
I keep pointing out that she was very close to 441 and there's all those pawn shops on 441 it specializes in guns you know I keep telling her that
You're going to pawn her guns after she dies yeah, I think cremation sounds like a real good idea. No, it's very cheap place right over here on 441 Econo cream
Yeah, I like that perfect perfect for my although it'll take a hell of a lot of energy
5 6705 60 pound 560 on the 18 T and for eyes more no seriously to burn up all of that flab holy crap and then she's always pointing to me oh my god
Lose him weight lose him weight in the meantime she's walking around like else either bored in cow in a bad day never miss the meal in her life believe you me
Favorite rate South Florida radio TV personality who is now dead micrinary 49 Rick weaver 37
I like the fact that Rick is doing very well because he was he was the best he was the man that's not because I can't stand mo because and I can't stand mo
But it's just because he was the best he was great he was legendary right he did the thing with the white hankeys and he was like a part of the team is opposed to mo
Of course, everybody knows as a jets fan and you know has has a has the hot for J. Feeder micrinary 49 Rick weaver 37 big Wilson hello big 21
See you never actually heard his radio show did you know that's how he would answer the phone hello big hello big hello big
Hello big
And so the people at chief channel of WBGG just to be clever when he answered the phone at the switchboard they probably go hello big
Glenda bird hills got 19 he was a late addition the birds doing well and spotty or aberrant attitude about his ass
I didn't fire it I did
Well, I see I admit the error of my gateways I should never have taken the IOD having I said that a million times we had rated SATA when they hired me to do IOD
We had a morning show you need more than one person I did I need him like a hole in the head sunny harsh 19 bill called her 15 and Bishop 13
Wayne Chandler 6 C Wayne's doing good Ralph redneck 6 good night and make the good news be yours he had a real deep centurion voice
Ralph right he was very boring but his heart was in the raw and the right place I remember a couple of times calling him up and I told you this already after because he would do an editorial
See he actually had something to say which I know is revolutionary but he would have the editorial at the end of the newscast and a couple of times I called him up and said right on Ralph
And he he would appreciate it he knew me yeah he knew what I smelled like let's see where are we Wayne Chandler 6 Renek 6
Robby Young 4 Allen Burke 4 the Dean Jack Cool 4 Dave Dixon 4 Adam Stanyans got one I heard he was a nerd
Ron Harrison 1 during Wishinger 1 Lee Fowler don't have any need of as lead Gillette Allen Courtney Claire Mosier Wayne Ferris Bill Ross rare in Corvette but Bill Ross always gets his man
He's got to be dead nobody knows who that is no I remember Wayne Ferris now since he brought him up yes the whole that whole block
He had some kind of a car accident and he had like where was that Wayne Chandler I don't know one or both of them and then made a recovery and then oops not so good
It's 1157 at 560 WQM are you underpaid are you overworked under appreciated are you bet how would you like to have a new high paying career before the end of this year
All you have to do to get yourself on the road on the right road to a new career is call our friends at fast train toll free at 866 fast train
Fast train can have you trained and certified before years end the demand for computer professionals continues to grow like Thompson
There's no better time than right out of get you a new hot pan career fast train offer job placement assistance convenient day evening weekend schedules
And now they have six locations all over town so there is bound to be a fast train your value fast train offers financial assistance to those who qualify too
So call fast train today at 866 fast train there's no excuse to stay that it and job another week
So check them out of the web at fast train dot com and then call get all the information you're looking for and change your life forever call 1 866 fast train
I'm from Ili and I was Roslademan and I like scrubbing my snowy gorilla out there
I sweat soap made from jewels and listening to the near rock a communist hour
I can't take it right chicken and the pizza I have the pizza I have chicken and the pizza I have
McDonald's McDonald's chicken and the pizza I have McDonald's McDonald's chicken and the pizza I have
Woo! Let's go bar!
Let's see what they call pizza!
Pizza!
Welcome to the ramen!
Can't take it right chicken!
For normal assholes!
McDonald's!
McDonald's!
Oooo!
Poop!
It was a quick small fight!
Tuck it right chicken in a pizza I have the pizza
Cut it out!
Hyun!
McEDLOO
h 
Cr In Lucia
Cr In Lucia
Glory Glory Hallelujah
Glory Glory Hallelujah
And we dance down to your hen
One for you. And you all strike desire out
One for you
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
to the beat box now, go to the beat box, whoa, go to the beat box, whoa.
And then you go immediately, go to the beat box, go to the beat box, go, go to the beat box,
This is the beat box version."
Flare on.
She's something she could use in every game.
I remember Harvey Baxter, who was a judge who took Finn Fenne and got like really all goofed up by it.
Remember that?
Harvey Baxter used to be a guest on my show back in the Abad old days.
Judge Harvey Baxter, he was a hoot.
Did anybody mention Glenn Rinker? No, but we're putting him on list for sure.
Oh, and who was the other little guy from Channel 10?
Hunter, was that his name? He went to Orlando and committed suicide, I believe.
Huh? Hunter, was his last name. But anyway, Glenn Rinker.
It said he was decent even around for governor after he left Miami. He went to Orlando and then he died.
Glenn Rinker, do we have him on the list? We do now.
Okay.
Who was your favorite soft-floater radio or TVer personality who was now dead, who was now in that big broadcast booth in the sky, or someplace else?
Micronary 55, Rick Weaver 38, Glenda Bird Hill 22, and he was a very late addition, see.
Big Wilson 22, hello big. Sunny Hurst 21.
We love Sunny, it was a good guy. Bill Collar 17, and Bishop 15, Ralph Rednext 9, Jack Cool 8, Alan Burke 7, Wayne Chandler 6, Dave Dixon 5,
Roby Young had four. I wonder if we have any, I know we have them on a card.
Are there any like Roby jingles in this thing? Yes, there are. Yes.
I don't think so.
Roby Young, I mean it's not really worth going through all of that, it's because it's almost a QA or IOD.
What? QAM. Forget about IOD.
I don't know from those old days.
Where do you see that? I don't see no, well anyway forget about it.
Jerry Wichner 2, what? So that card. It is on the card. No, I know we've got it.
Ron Harrison 1, Adam Stanyans 1, Bill Ross has got a vote. Bill Ross, I mean somebody knows who Bill Ross was.
Maybe he voted.
Leij Gillette and Alan Courtney Claire Moser, Wayne Ferris, Lee Fowler and Alan Corbin have none.
None for Alan Courtney and you want to know why? Why? Because all his listeners are dead.
No, seriously the median demographic on issue was like 95, 90 plus. They're all dead.
So what the hell was the guy from Channel 10? Hunter. I think that was his name.
Do you remember a little short guy? He reminded me a little bit of the guy from Family Few that Louis brains out.
The guy that replaced Richard Dawson.
Oh come on. Alan Comes.
Not Alan Comes. Alan Comes.
Was it? No, Ray Comes. Oh, sorry.
Oh my God. Ray Comes and this guy was not Glenn Hunter. Somebody will know. WQAM.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pretty good.
Hey, you know who I really liked man. It was the shame of was Greg Budell.
Oh, he died. He was a class. Yeah, okay. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil.
That sounded like him by the way. How about the Kramer House? Do you have him on the list?
Who? Kramer. Kramer. Crazy Kramer. And then you forgot Kevin Kitchens from Kv.E.
Oh, that's right. Kevin Kitchens. Right. Yeah. Well, what's with him with that speech and pattern?
Yeah. I don't know. He's on the radio and talk like this. Yeah.
Now, wait a minute. Who's the first one you just gave me? Cause my Alzheimer's just kicked him.
Kramer. Oh, crazy Kramer. He was both. Right. Yeah. I can't tell you on the ear.
Crazy Kramer with a K. You got it? He died. And Kevin Kitchens. Yeah. There's a lot of guys who talk like this.
And then of course they die real quick. Cause got what's so funny about that about 10?
I'm waiting for the break so you can tell me that story. The story about what? Oh, you don't have a story about Kramer?
Oh, I just made that up. Oh, damn it. No, I want to know the 100 guy that used to be on Channel 10,
that little tiny guy. He looked a lot like Ray Combson. And the interesting part of it is how did Ray Combs die?
He was brains out. Maybe that's a thing with little guys, George.
10 past noon at 560 WQAM. If you're ready to blow your brains up because your carpets look
and smell pretty nasty right now. And of course during the summer and the rainy months,
people and the kids are tracking all the mud and the schmutz from outside. It's nasty.
If you'd like to have those carpets looking and smelling lemonade fresh just like brand new,
call my good buddies at dry concepts for over 20 years in my house.
They've done an unmatchable, unbelievable job. And they always give you a fair price.
In fact, they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
They're the only carpet cleaning company in the world that actually dry cleans your carpets.
And right now, dry concepts is offering you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
Just call dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071,
ask to be put on their stand by list. And then dry concepts will call you next time they got an opening in their schedule.
Just like when you fly standby, it's the same idea.
If you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the regular price for you.
You'll save a lot of money and your carpets will look and smell just like brand new.
So call dry concepts today and ask to be put on that stand by list.
They might even have an opening for you the very same day that you call and they'll still save you 15% off the regular price of the job.
And don't forget they also do a stupidest job on your furniture, draper, or your poultry, all of these things.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the wicked way of at dryconcepts.com.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
We're supporting you 560-2AM.
Back in.
Down through the street points back and go.
Take a dollar and a dollar of a tap to go.
Be safe, honey, God's money, though you.
Oh, when you take them, they back into the private room.
For the hand job.
Hand job.
Hand job.
That's the hand that hands off.
All right.
Take your clothes off, gee, it's just...
I'm gonna hold you down, now like a tuna fish.
Thinking of a big roll of this fat.
You'd only buy this fat, because you tell where it's at.
Hand job.
Hand job.
Hand job.
That's the hand that hands off.
Girls, just a hand of moving fat guys.
She know how to make the ball bend right.
That then takes you to the shower in the house.
We need to skip our gong with power.
Hand job.
Hand job.
Oh, hand job.
That's the hand that hands off.
You've heard.
That's the hand job.
It's 1217-560W-Q-A-M.
15,250 bucks for a band and pay rescue on the best of the oldest year.
2002-2003 CDs, you can get them on our website, neo-ranges.com,
along with the brand new Mojauer-Davidid Keychains.
Right.
And you got the Mugs, and what else we got on there?
Coasters.
Coasters? Mugs, both the travel car kind and the ceramic.
It'll break if you drop it on the hard floor kind.
Or maybe when it gets to you, it'll be broken, which will make it really special.
And you can also go tomorrow between noon and two,
Miguel will be off for our first van hit of the year in LLR.
And the T-shirts.
And he'll have the T-shirts and the Mugs and the Mojauer-Davidid Keychains.
And the CDs tomorrow, noon and two at Brandy's in Palmano Beach,
1290 North Federal Highway.
Okay, here's the facts from Volca Brian, or any email, or whatever this is.
He's listed the dead.
This is depressing. You want to know why?
Why?
Well, first of all, Jim Harper, who I worked with at WYNZ,
which I knew he was dead he had a long time ago.
He was the production guy when I was there.
Jim Harper always wore the same purple sweater every day for like ten years.
Dick Fennel, which I didn't know Dick Fennel was dead.
He used to be another weather guy on channel four.
I didn't know Dick Fennel was.
You ever seen those Fennel clouds?
I know about Fennel seeds.
Oh yeah, Mo is picking them out of his...
Correct!
...what by the dozens.
And the one that really breaks my heart, because he was...
He may remember the other day I was talking about the really good professional newsmen
I worked in this market, which there aren't that many.
Del Frank.
You don't know Del Frank?
No.
I actually had him as a guest on my show.
I was so impressed by him.
He used to work in DC, I believe.
And then you know how it is in their daughtering age.
Some of these guys come down here in their retirement mode.
Keep their finger when it keep an income coming in.
Del Frank, he was also on channel four, which is now channel six NBC.
Anybody out there wonders what I'm talking about in case you're a Johnny cum lately?
I don't want to go through it.
Before used to be six and six used to be four and they used to be all kinds of crap.
And they all switched around.
And nobody knew the difference.
All I knew was that Tony Cigarette was still a silly goose.
And that...what's your name?
And that...seriously, that thing this morning at seven o'clock?
I'm channel four.
Sometimes it's something's really tickling her.
No, no.
I mean, they both, it was like somebody stuck a feather up their ass simultaneously.
Anyway, so Del Frank is dead.
And we're getting these on the list or what?
Jim Harper, Dick Fettel, and his seeds.
And Del Frank.
Del Frank.
There was a real...not a goofball, not a silly person like T.A.
Tony Cigarette, or like some of these...or like Camberall Martian or some of the people that
have come through her.
But he was a great news guy.
Well, they're great deep voice.
I mean, like somebody went credibility, which I realized is something long, distant past in this market.
Micronaries got 57 votes.
Rick Weaver 39.
Rick Weaver, the original and the best voice of the dolphins ever.
Glenda Bird Hill 26.
Big Wilson 24.
Sonny Hers 23.
And Bishop 20.
Bill Carter 17.
Ralph Reddek 9.
Everybody else single to just small potatoes.
Jerry L.A. and we ought to take Adam Stanyans off of there because it says here,
you're thinking of Glenn Rinker.
No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
There was another guy, Channel 10, little guy.
Lewis Brains out in Orlando.
And like, the Glenn Rinker commits suicide?
I don't know.
Ah.
And Adam Stanyans, it says, is not dead.
He's a local lifeguard actor who has done well for himself.
He played a dead German and saving private Ryan.
In fact, now that they met, no, sir, they Adam Stanyans, it seems to me that I know that name
from the movie somewhere, right?
Are you going to do a search on it?
Yeah, he's not dead.
Get his name off of there, please, Eric.
Please.
You don't want to have no mistakes on it because this is very scientific and very important stuff.
Goes to show you a trusted audience.
Oh, here it is.
As I told you, Ron Hunter was on Channel 10.
Thank you very much.
Whoever affects me this, it says we used to call him Ron the Huntress.
Well, don't tell me he was one of us, meaning me.
Molly Turner, Channel 10.
Molly Turner is dead.
Do you remember Molly Turner?
No.
She was kind of like House Marmish.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I did.
She was nice.
She was a nice lady, Molly Turner.
I mean, she wasn't a great news lady, but she kind of was like, com-sputton down, you know.
Ed Gagan shots at Channel 10.
Is that for real?
Ed Gagan, I'm sure it's not spelled that way, but it says Ed Gagan shots.
And Steve Rodden Arrow at Channel 7 was a 70s stunt and Steve Rodden Arrow is not dead.
Is he?
Are we writing these the Edden, the Steve Delted?
No, no, just Ron Hunter and Molly Turner.
All right.
No, I don't think Steve Rodden Arrow is dead.
Oh, and guess who I saw again?
I see her all the time.
In Buffalo, which I love her.
She's just a sweetheart.
I know her.
I mean, I'd not well, but I've met her and she's just Maria Genaro.
Oh, yeah.
She want a sweetheart.
She is.
Yes, she is.
And that goes to Shoei how much she must have hated to hear.
To leave here and go to Buffalo.
She's been there quite a few years.
And she's good.
She's wonderful on the ear.
I mean, she ain't no Angela Ray.
No silly goose, no cackling idiot.
Well, that Angela Ray performances more.
You've got to see the tape.
That's something's going to happen.
It's unbelievable.
Oh, she'll do it again.
Oh, tomorrow.
Oh, oh, oh.
Wah, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah.
I can't imagine why she didn't make it big in the year going, wah, wah, wah, wah.
Like that.
Don't bitch.
W-Q-I-M.
Hey, Molly Turner's not dead.
She's not?
No.
Well, this guy fact is a whole bunch of crap.
Hey, Molly.
She's not dead, but I'm about to cut fish.
Jim Dunlap.
Jim Dunlap belongs on his list.
That's correct.
He sure does, and I do remember Bill Ross kind of a, kind of a portly guy, real friendly,
grandfatherly.
All right, that's the guy.
Nice guy, and Charlie Baxter played MT-Graves on Channel 7.
He was a great one.
There you go.
Charlie Baxter.
Get that on there right away, George.
Okay, thanks, Molly.
Thanks, Molly.
Thanks, Molly.
Thank you for the freaking show.
Charlie Baxter.
I'm a piece of tiger.
Jim Dunlap.
I wonder what the fault of any key to it.
See, a lot of people out there would say, well, you guys are living in the past.
We never heard any of these people.
Well, you know, people would say that our people don't have any speaking of Alzheimer's.
Who am I looking at?
Nixon, somebody?
No, you don't have to look it up.
Because this list is obviously bogus.
Molly Turner and all these other people are not dead, but Ron Hunter, I know, is dead.
I think he, I believe he blew his brains out in Orlando.
I don't know.
So many dead people in so little time.
It's going around, you know, because the Lord works in mysterious ways.
That's what that asshole judge over there in Alabama says, you know, that whole thing just,
it leaves me limp.
I can hear J. and the Americans singing only in America.
There doesn't need to be any argument.
This man should be out of office.
He should be impeached.
He should be removed from the bench.
He should be stuck in a metal ward somewhere in a rubber room, including, and he should be accompanied by all those other idiots who are like out there marching.
Oh, if we can't, if God can't, the blessed America, who can?
You see some of those signs?
Oh, yeah.
We understand one dead, twenty injured now.
This is according to the hospital in Gaza.
We should know more.
And just a bit of course this is okay.
There's Carol Costello.
Do you think she would bang Howard Stern?
I don't think so.
You don't even know who Carol Costello was supposed to be in a prison.
Because she's usually on a real early in the morning.
You'll recognize her.
She's the one they called up after the power figure that Friday morning, and cranked with that, would you bang Howard Stern?
Oh, her?
Her.
Yes, she would.
And let me say this deal, okay, with the makeup on, I would say she's very attractive.
But...
She's got kind of that Maria Shriver kind of...
Oh, no, she doesn't.
No, she's...
But you can just tell that if you saw her early in the morning, I mean, she looked about
90.
I mean, she...
I like her though.
I mean, she's bubbly, but not...
Not to the point of a Angela Raid.
You know what I'm saying?
Who?
Who is?
Nobody.
Nobody who's not in a mental institution.
I say impeach Angela Raid.
Impete Channel 4 news.
There a joke.
And if we have to have how many more...
Specials, do we have to have about God damn the Latin Grammys?
About 30, man.
Jesus, effing Christ.
And it's still like nine days away.
Or something like that.
What's the date for that?
You're asking me.
You're more in touch with it than I am, obviously.
I'm not touching it.
You know about it.
I've been avoiding it.
I'm not touching it with your hand.
The Latin Grammys.
Unless Enrique's in it.
Or by the way, they assigned him up for Pepsi.
Now that he got that mole removed.
Well, I'm sure that...
I bet you that Miguel can relate to him real well because he swooned.
He was...
Yeah.
He saw the blood from the mole.
He was like, oh...
Is he going to have a big crater in his face now?
Crater push?
Yeah.
Big hole.
He used to have a mole.
He's got a hole.
That little thing that's walking.
That little thing that has that bump out.
And when all the people go,
they'll go and get it.
They'll go and get it.
They'll get it.
Oh, sweet.
Sweet.
Oh, sweet.
I said God, I said God, I can do that.
Yeah.
You look like her.
I look better in sheet.
A little shoe polish and a way better than too many people.
But I sure as hell look better than that.
Well, I don't want to hear about it.
You've got that rare.
That's a unique rare original, the prototype.
Oh, this is it?
Yeah.
Absolutely.
All right.
That's the...
I'm keeping this.
I'm keeping it.
I'm not actually sure.
I'm not giving it to Fat Rich.
By the way, Fat Rich has lost 6,000 pounds since I saw him last back in June.
Very proud of him.
Good.
Don't die Rich.
Not before we get to the track anyway.
WDQIM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, am I in the air?
Sounds just like you, yes.
Okay.
I'm a big Bill Ross fan.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
I'm a native Floridian.
And Bill Ross was my favorite all time weather personality.
Right.
He was a little bit about him.
He started a channel seven back in 1955.
Okay.
And he worked up until the late 80s.
Unfortunately, he passed away in 1994.
But before 1955, Bill Ross was a disc jockey on WIOD.
And he used to do live remotes and promos at the shopping centers, which is what they used to do back then.
Right.
And I've got a special treat for you.
I've got some promos that Bill Ross did on channel seven.
They're about four seconds each.
All right.
And in between each promo, there's like a second or two of silence.
Okay.
So here we go.
WCKT channel seven, Miami.
Did you hear that one?
Yeah.
Okay, here comes another one.
Now today in Florida with your reporter Gordon Shaw, brought to you by Commonwealth Silver Exchange.
Here comes another one.
Okay.
What's been for it and son by the United States at o'clock here on channel seven, NBC and Miami?
And I think that's it.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
Okay.
Way to a lot.
I got one more here.
Okay.
And with Pioneer Stereo receivers, your hard-turned-table land had been speakers, only $469 at I-Fi associates from sunny land to Fort Lutterdale.
I'll take it.
Thanks.
It's 28 past noon, at 5.60 WQAM.
Announcing the big 2003 Niel Diel special sale going on right now, at Haled Pali Ag GMC.
Get you the lowest prices in town from Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto.
Niel Diel number one.
Get 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pali Ag or GMC in stock.
Niel Diel numero dose.
Get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pali Ag in stock.
All you current and former military personnel, they're still doing it.
Get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your good post-personal buddies at Haled.
And you can buy yourself a 2003 Pali Ag Sunfire for only $11,998 or a full-size Sierra for just $15,998.
Hurry in right now, invitaris are limited.
At Haled you can still test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours.
Take it home.
Take it to work.
Take it to the Adania Highline and see for real.
And of course, Haled's also got a great selection to certify pre-owned car's price next to UVs.
And as I always tell you, even if your credit is marginal like Boca Brian, they'll still cut you a deal at Haled Pontiac.
Haled Pontiac GMC at 13401 South Dixie Highway.
That's US 1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
For more info call the Niel Diel Hotline at 1-885-3-4-4-4-2-11.
That's 1-885-3-4-4-4-2-11.
Don't forget, all Niel Diel submitted to credit approval.
See our buddies at Haled Fort details.
And Haled Pontiac GMC, you'll agree with me.
They are professional grades.
I've been lost.
This is for 20-year-old Vice to see.
You way, yeah.
He's asking, then I'll steal his two-pie.
Absolutely.
I hate yard work.
First I have to hold the garden, then I have to mow the lawn.
I wish there was an easy way to do both.
Well, now there is.
Introducing the Homo, the all-new gardening machine that both Hos and Mose.
Here's what people are saying about the Homo.
I used to spend hours outside in a hot sun with sweat glistening on my muscular chest and legs.
Then I realized I need a Homo.
My husband has never spent any time inside with me.
That's when I knew he was Homo material.
The Homo can pound a trench through the mud.
Then trim your lawn and suck the clippings like you wouldn't believe.
I told my husband our neighbor was getting busy with a big old tool.
So I looked out the window and said, it's gotta be a Homo.
We never thought we'd see a Homo around here.
The Homo works great all over your property in the front yard or in the rear.
And it looks great.
Why, that's one good looking Homo.
There's never been a better time to join the happy Homo crowd.
And with special factory incentives, your Homo dealer will bend over forwards to satisfy you.
Wow.
I'm just curious enough to buy the Homo.
No family is complete without one.
So what would you rather have the Homo or the...
1233 at 560 at WQAM?
Well, are we getting a list here or what?
This is shocking.
Little did I imagine.
Here's a list of sign-offs.
Big Wilson, if I don't see you, I'll see you.
Reniri, y'all hold on to what you got until y'all get what you all want.
Then Rickard, I'd cancel New Orlando Run 100 committed suicide.
I believe in Louisiana, says Alan.
Thank you, Alan.
Edden for Laudnerdale wants to know, is Ernie Sochin dead?
No, he's still looking for a sock.
Ernie's okay.
We hear from Ernie once every couple of years.
What's every five or ten years?
Let's see, here's one Mark Ludner's dead from Channel 7.
With the glasses, the political occur much in Mark Ludner.
Really?
Oh yeah.
Buddy, you're two ago.
Well, Mark Ludner is dead.
Put that on the list, please.
Why are you doubting me?
Would I say that?
You know, I'm insensitive kind of prick, but I wouldn't say that.
L-O-E-L-O-D-N-E-R.
Wayne Ferris, though, take it off the list.
He's still alive.
It says he's alive in four miles.
It's just his career that's dead.
So Wayne Ferris is still alive, but Wayne Chandler is dead.
Richard Whitcom from WCKT had a brain tumor in died.
So we better put Richard Whitcom on her, too.
I suppose, last name.
Whitcom, W-H-I-T-C-O-M-B.
How else would you spell Whitcom without the H?
You would?
Yeah, that would hurt.
Somebody over here.
You would, because you were literate.
Oh, and this fact, you're right, Bill.
Bill, that you know the one that hits you like poison?
Oh, yeah, screw him.
No, he's got a good point, though.
Why don't you just screw him if you like?
It says you're almost as bad as local newspapers.
You forgot Jerry Williams.
PS George Dill Sox.
Yeah.
Jerry Williams.
Well, the reason I forgot Jerry is because of Tom Jicca.
Because he'd be fused to write anything about him.
Because it might require a little bit of work on his part,
a little bit of homework, a little bit of talking to people.
And Tom is lazy, lazy, lazy, and bald, man, lazy.
How could we have forgotten, since recently,
during the Iraq attack war, what veteran news person
who used to work at NBC here in town for many, many years died
of a pulmonary embolism?
David Bloom.
That's right.
By the way, Dr. Ami Doctor yesterday said I did not have a pulmonary embolism.
I had a TIA again, February.
Well, that's good.
Isn't it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
What's worse?
Actually, a pulmonary embolism is more dangerous because if it goes to you,
it all depends on the size of the clot.
And if it's like a big clot that gets to your lung and just blocks it,
that's what happened to David Bloom from sitting in those tanks
for hours and days at a time.
And when you're sedentary, you sit around.
Mm-hmm.
That's it.
Fennito.
David Bloom, you got him down?
Got him.
Got a phenomenal list growing here today.
And boy, we sure like to bring a lot of these people back.
I'd tell you that, especially my good friend Bill Colder.
Boy, do we have some great times at the track?
The even named a track after Bill?
Five-six...
That's what we used to say.
But they should have with all the money we left there.
Five-six-seven-oh-five-six-tea.
Pound five-six-tea on the AT&T.
Here's line six. It's always dangerous. WQAM.
Roddy Go!
Yes, you know what I mean? It's always dangerous. There's something about it.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hello.
I know.
Yes, sir.
I was a wishful thinking.
How about Paul Cash and Elviv? Is for you.
Ah.
WQAM. Hello.
I want to speak with Neil, please.
Speaking.
Is this Neil?
Let me check. Yeah, it looks like me.
Hey, Neil, I love you.
Neil, hold on. Let me turn on my radio.
Turn down that radio, sweetheart.
Thanks, sir. Okay.
Neil, Maria...
General.
General, one time Hank was talking about it and their friends, and Hank called her.
And a funny mistake, and Hank said that he'd call her and stopped.
And she originally is from Buffalo.
Oh, I see.
And then she went back. Neil, how about the guy in Channel 10?
They used to give the commentary after each show news after a five o'clock.
The guy, the white guy with a beard.
The white guy with a beard.
The general manager?
Is that the guy?
Yeah, I think so, but you do the editorials.
I have no idea what his name was. Did he die?
I don't know. I was trying to find out.
I was a bit of a nearer deal.
I was a bit of a nearer deal.
Okay, well, the other day, he's a little boy.
Huh? I don't think he's dead. I just saw he's not dead.
Well, this guy is worried about Maria-general.
I love Maria-general. See?
All you people would say I'm negative, and I'm sorry.
If there's somebody good, then I'll say something good and nice.
Right?
Yeah, okay.
Like, for sure he would.
She used to be good and nice over at the old Miami news.
What?
Never heard of it.
She used to write the radio TV column.
And Linda Thornton?
Oh, it's just...
Oh.
How sad. Of course she wasn't in radio or TV, but she was a sweetheart.
And she died.
Linda Thornton.
See that there's no justice in this world.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Did you know Linda Thornton?
No, we spoke like on the phone.
She was sweet.
62 votes for Mike Rineri, who was your favorite soft-floor radio or TV personality who was now dead.
Now, what do we got?
Squirt, Squirt, that.
That was Rineri.
Yeah.
And then we got...
We got...
We got...
W-I-O-D...
W-I-O-D...
We might be the more I need...
Y'all, y'all.
Rineri here, inviting you to join us for our Wednesday over to Hunt Day.
From 530 to 10 o'clock, we'll have an all-new telephone question.
We'll have a mystery record.
We'll have the office challenge.
We got to have you there on the W-I-O-D News Center.
And we'll be keeping you up to date on the...
New York or a shelf.
Y'all.
Situations with POW.
Y'all, y'all.
And of course we like all the traffic and the sports and all kind of good stuff.
All of this.
All we need is you between...
Y'all, y'all.
New song radio, sing, sing.
And Sugamuka.
W-I-O-D...
We're gonna do it with my kind of morning.
I've been a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
I don't blame you.
Here's the fact that what about Rick Sanchez?
I've had several of these, by the way, in the School of Wishful thinking.
They want you to die, Rick.
It says, are my thinking of the guy hit with his car.
And he's still dead.
He's still dead.
Rick is still going home for a little bit.
Belts so we can like, bush up a little bit.
Kind of like Miguel of this wedding, you know.
Here's one that says, Rain Ferris is still alive.
He was given an award last year by the local Academy of TV Arts and Sciences.
Has been living on a West Coast of Florida,
dabbling in real estate.
He's still only 74.
How do you like that?
A spring chicken in Florida.
Also, you should add Richard Woodcomb to this, which we just did, and Prescott Robinson.
Great news guy.
He used to be...well, he wasn't really a great, he was kind of incoherent.
But he was, had a great presence.
Prescott was with me at WNWS.
Did the news in the morning?
Steve Daily Prescott Robinson.
Steve Daily dead?
Never been able to get the answer.
But Prescott, I guess, is with that news the team in the sky.
So get him on there.
Prescott Robinson.
WNWS.
Oh.
And even though he wasn't on the air, we're not going to put him on a list.
But Dick Casper, I just mentioned that just to rub salt in Tom Jekyll's wounds again.
Because you're such an idiot Tom.
You're such a bush-leagor, man.
You are pathetic.
Why in local?
We're sports radio five-sixys.
You ain't.
You ain't.
You ain't.
Finished with the sewer of this place.
Hey, I'm Spike.
And you know what?
I'm driving down Root Thine W on a hot summer day.
Me and the Mrs. always stop at Dickens.
Dickens Fruit Stain.
They've got everything from fruit to vegetables, homemade pies.
But there is nothing like their cider.
Eat that right, honey.
Uh-huh.
Dickens cider.
Yes, sir.
Why even though we were late for church last Sunday?
She had to have a little Dickens cider.
Uh-huh.
She says there ain't nothing like it.
Even my minister says his wife enjoys a little Dickens cider now and then.
Hey, why don't you bring some home and our predictive plastic rib bottle.
That way it'll stay fresh.
Or you can let it sit awhile and have some hard Dickens cider.
It's good, it looks.
Good at dinner.
And there's nothing like waking up with a Dickens cider.
Dickens Fruit Stain.
Just off Root 9W and Puts her Road 69.
Open 24 hours because after a chillish summer night,
I like to snuggle up in bed with a hot Dickens cider.
Mmm.
Come 45 at 560 WQAM Happy Tuesday to you.
Here's a fact says general, uh, Channel Ten General Manager John Garwood is still alive and swishing or kicking it says.
Maria Genero was the absolute hottest piece that was ever on the local news in this town.
I still have what dreams about her says the facts are also what says that God bill is right George still sucks.
But yes, Teddy see how safe Teddy's facts just to counterbalance all the bad vibes.
Teddy and Miami says like I was telling George he kicked as the summer.
He ate as the summer.
That's who my beef is the best of CD says Teddy everybody's got a beef.
That's another reason it's so unpleasant being back here everybody.
Unhappy people make you unhappy just like that book of Brian in here yesterday.
But he he just soured my day.
You know I wasn't such a good mood till he came in.
Sourred my day.
I've got a word for you Brian for letters R E N T.
Anyways, this track 11 inside the behind Teddy Bracal and track 20 Bracal and track 12 inside the behind Tommy Tutone are both censored.
Well see we didn't do the sensory on it that's the comedy service from which it came that's all we got it.
That's what we got it so it's so it's so if I wanted a sensitive version of the call the White House.
And then it says only two eyes near bitch you got to be kidding.
Yeah, I was a little disappointed with that but George makes a good point they're very very long and they take up a lot of time on there.
And we got that thing jam packed with 47 bits.
There's maybe 30 seconds of room left on the disc I filled it as much as I could and there the two.
How many seconds left?
About 30 man.
There's the two important eyes near bits the very first one that started it all and the big was the penis one that's your penis.
That's not the master that one right puppet master me goofball you.
It's it's good. It's fine.
I mean how many times do you need well how many other making eyes near bits do you need besides the two that that's all you landmark ones that it says PS who is KJ his dolphin bit had me in stitches.
That's why I played it earlier for you Teddy and the dumb.
So Teddy likes you that's one.
5607 0560 pound 560 nobody's going to catch Reneere on here I'll tell you that he's still holding on to what he all had you killed him Bob Green I want you know that right now you killed him.
Bob Neal and Atlanta and Bob Green at Cox broadcasting at W.I. with the put them in there to say wow you know he used to drink a lot.
Now you guys killed him you broke his spirit I mean he young in there survival you know but they killed him.
Don't you agree that's a little this business is a killer sunny hersha right Dave Lamont help put sunny hersha in that box that he's lying in right now.
Dave Lamont who farts a lot in public.
I'm just mentioning that he's not because I'm you know want to go out of my way to be nasty but because they happen to be true.
And if you do things that put people in early grave that's why you're going to pay a wicked price for it someday maybe not now maybe not a week from circus but someday.
When the Lord looks down on your ugly ass.
Is that what that judge says judge more.
All of those people in Alabama they're crazy people they belong in a mental institution judge Roy Moore.
If I was he filed a lawsuit to keep his job and to keep that massive 10 commandments monument in the state judicial buildings rotunda after police barricaded the buildings doors yesterday.
I stand before the court of the judiciary because I've done my oath I've kept my oath I've acknowledged God as the moral foundation of our law more told.
Cheering crazy supporters outside the building yesterday afternoon it's the God squad in Alabama with a banjo on their knee.
That's America for like I told yesterday one of the many many cases you make for Canada like you saw in bowling for Columbine about how civilized the people are is a much much stronger separation between church and state.
In fact most westernized countries you will find a much stronger separation between church and state and the politics I forget that guy they were interviewing.
Michael Moore set it up by saying they talk strange here and he was talking about people and what they need and working for people.
Yeah you're right.
Like health care things like that.
Safety.
Right.
All of these things.
Good economy.
Right. All of these things.
Micronary 66 Rick weaver 44 big Wilson 33 now it's interesting because all of those people in fact all of the top five on this list worked at W I O D back when it was a real station back when it was great back when it was W I O D.
Oh I hate that station.
Micronary 66 Rick weaver 44 big Wilson 33 Glenn the bird hill 32 sunny here is 29 all W I O D and and Bishop sticks harassed in there with 28.
But Bill callers next with 19 he of course was at I O D twice I believe is up there because we have those are in Bishop bits.
Is that it?
Yeah.
No she was prominent she had a prominent chin.
Sorry.
That's what Sandy said.
Oh from the channel 10 I was just I guess I could kill and pay.
Where's that going?
What what's you doing with that machine guy?
Oh my god quick quick.
She was fed up with reading one story after another about drugs and violence now she wants to write the rules and rewrite the news in and
Oh starring and Bishop I'll see you tonight at 5 611.
God.
Oh she's the news into her own hands.
What are you guys going to do with me when I get through with you there won't be enough of you left to make a good
two paper Don all.
And starring and Bishop also starring Carl Wethers is toy Flutterdale and Don not says Don know.
There's a stationary broad open web and both she regroups the news and both coming soon.
They don't come any butcher man I'll tell you that maybe Janet Reno you think they knew which I'm sure they knew each other very well
in a bit probably in the biblical sense.
In fact I can just see now sister Jean and Bishop and Janet Reno sitting around that circular table.
They need a four why are you smacking your little four said that that's discussed.
That was just one something having five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line sister Jean don't let me forget that in the
one or two hour I've played that in the coons age it's great to it's one of the all time best.
Well those were the days man if we could just bring back a little alien for another you know because it's kind of boring now there's nothing going on here.
Let's go get another one.
No they wouldn't be the same alien in that family you never get a family quite like that.
Oh boy they were really classy and then Marys Grisie as what you married like a 16 year old guy or something.
Sixty year old guy 16 year old.
Some punk WQ I am speaking.
How you doing good.
I just wanted to add something about Ron Hunter just a little kid that I had I haven't if I could was that right.
Was that right was that then he committed suicide.
You know that I don't know but his name has shown up I don't know if you ever seen those books something like people say the darned things right back in the late
seventies he turned to Chuck Dattles who was the big time sports guy down here.
Yoke'll chuck yeah.
Yeah do you remember him and he wanted to have exactly I don't know if he's still up there but he wanted to ask Chuck Dattles how the world cup soccer was coming along.
But unfortunately he asked how was the world cock sucking coming along.
It's funny because I've seen that it's been like a couple of you know like those you know maggot or no it's not a magazine but like a hardback book and a
lot of you know that's why he blew his brains out so to speak.
Put him over the nose.
Okay thanks for the good news.
Five six seven oh five it was a news story George five six seven oh five sixty what.
How come he didn't put him on the air put who on the air.
Ron Harper.
Oh sorry Jim George is losing it I think I just lost it WQ I am.
Hey Dave Cohn from South Miami.
Let's go to South Miami hello.
Hey sorry about that deal.
Okay number one Dave Dixon was on 51.
Pardon me?
It just came to me 51.
Yes KID the original incarnation back when it was out there by pirates were the Danya.
Exactly right 95.
Correct.
And he used to do all on the air live spots mostly for Franco's pizza.
Right he was great he was fun.
Well that was that's my vote right there.
Okay thanks.
Thank you.
Love Dave Dixon he went to Detroit then he died he was fat but he was he was caustic I guess that's why I like him.
He was caustic sarcastic he put on a lot of crappy movies need admitted it you know.
And it was it was great.
It was kind of like some of the stuff I get on screen TV that you don't get to see.
I don't still tell and a movie.
Ola.
Five say in fact I missed it right now I can be watching like some of those rocket man kept the commando Cody and that's that.
And the borough with Bella LaGosi.
Borax.
Boraxo the 20-mule team.
Well that was so depressing Edward man if you give me that big build up I'm sorry.
I'm not sorry that I watched it don't get me wrong but I mean you're you're you're looking all the reviews.
Four stars five stars and all they're doing is voting on the performances by Martin Landau and Johnny Depp.
Right.
Both great in the movie but but it's just it was like a ten minutes scene that they repeated 50 times.
I didn't know anything about that whole you know thing.
Yeah.
The end of of Boris's life like that.
Boris and oh yeah.
Bella Bella Borough.
I'm thinking of that line in the movie when the kid wanted his autograph.
Oh I see.
Well then don't push your luck okay.
No.
But let's let's not get too curious.
That's me.
I'm not going to lose the license.
Five say you're not going to lose the license because the guy was repeating a news episode okay.
It was an incident it was a thing okay it was a thing it was a happening plus a run hundreds dead anyway.
Sixty seven votes for Reniri and let me say it again they don't come no better than Rick Weaver as far as play by play as concerned with the dolphins.
He's funny right out of his jacks draft.
But then of course Moll will get all upset think of it you know and it just happens to be true.
Moll is too mechanical he's on I mean he's good but he's mechanical plus he makes an enormous number of mistakes.
Well now huh like showing up here in the morning I thought we were made a few of those in his later days.
Now what is we have a thing with the the dice man.
Is that still in here?
Yeah.
It is still in there.
One moment please.
One moment please.
I don't know here it is.
I told you it was in here you have little faith.
Mr. Weaver don't make mistakes.
Oh!
1256 at 560 WQAM who's your favorite self-loader radio or TV personality who is now Dave.
Pushing up daisies.
Micronary 67.
Rick Weaver 45.
Big Wilson 33.
Glenda bird hill 32 even though George hated him like poison.
And Bishop 29.
Sonny Hurst 29.
Bill Cavern 19 Ralph Redneck 12.
Jason Hu Jack Cool 12.
Dave Dixon 8.
Alan Burk 8.
Wayne Chandler 6.
Roby Young.
Roby Young.
Head 6.
Jerry Wichner 4.
And that's because all his audience pretty much dead too I guess.
Kevin Kitchens 3.
David Bloom 3.
Ron Harrison 3.
Alan Courtney's got a pair.
That's good.
Still alive.
Glenn Rinker 2.
Crazy Kramer had 2.
Lee Fowler 2.
Alan Corbett 1.
Claire Mosher 1.
Del Frank 1.
He was a great news guy.
Del Frank.
He was a professional looking up at a book George.
He was a sensational real news guy.
He didn't belong here.
Bill Ross 1.
Jim Dunlap 1.
Charlie Baxter 1.
Mark Lunder 1.
We spelled that wrong.
Dick Fennel and Ron Hunter and Legionette and Jim Harper and Richard.
That's Richard Whitcom.
Look, he's got Richard.
Richard Whitcom.
I really want to tell you how he's got that spelled.
Okay, good.
R-I-C-H-E-R-W-H-I-T-C-U-M.
Oh boy.
Yeah, I'm not touching that.
No, Jerry Williams and Gabriel Heter and Prescott Robinson all have the big.
Oh!
My life and love.
This is for real by 60.
You ain't too way, yeah.
Boy, it's the 1 to 2 hour.
Oh!
Sister G, the dancer machine.
A sweet and non-with happy feet.
Jump the gyre into the beat.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
Sister G is ache in the scene.
Daddy can't click Dr. R.
Pull the regal to 8 to 8.
She can shake that tasty meat.
She's quite a side of life to my cooking like a real cool dancing pool.
Look at her go swinging high and low with the boy friend bother all too.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
A dancer ain't her only thing.
She'll knock you off your feet.
When you hear her well and she...
I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit when the music turns me on.
I know it sounds happy but I'm so goddamn happy that you've been hit and gone.
Oh!
Sister G, the sweet and non-with a shaken fountain ton of fun.
Daddy's fat for 85.
Then that nutkin' really flies.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
Sister G, the dancer machine.
Mr G, rock is back, is back.
Oh, that's the right card statements.
Thank you, Mr G, waiting for his card when I'll talk.
Team X Magd//
Sister G, the dancer machine.
That wacky Iraqi who sings, use poison gas on his own peoples ass and get drop in
bombs on the shoes.
Son of my kick the ass out of you.
That bald chick pooh ripped up the phone.
If I do recall, her head looks like a cubo.
I guess she don't need no shampoo.
Son of my kick the ass out of you.
To the guy who's messing with my ass.
I'd drag your head like a nag.
All I might break a leg, yeah, if me, I would give me the cure.
Woody, I kick the ass out of you.
So they perish, they cease Christ.
I eat a moth like a cat, strokes down my ass and he's an okay of the Jews.
They're behind kick the ass out of you.
What's with this guy was bro.
You don't right here in the background.
You people even have dumbosies.
I am a leader.
Let's see you.
See there's my shot with some room.
You can't keep me quiet.
Baby, I kick the ass out of you.
I kick the ass out of you.
Hey, touch this.
Hey, touch this.
Hey, touch this.
Hey, touch this.
Over time.
My name is Homer Simpson and I'm wrapping from the hearts.
But my family and my snuggle son named Mark.
So let's start out by wrapping up my Cartoon Wifey March.
The only woman who'd marry me has hair that's blue and large.
We've got our baby Maggie from her bottle she's next.
And I'll just daughter Lita.
Blow with one name tag.
And then can part our only stun the cause of my bald home.
Some people have it done.
We've all its promise over time.
It's an honor to have a real swinging cat with us tonight.
Homer Simpson party guy.
Go have a cow.
You can give it your best but it won't mean nothing.
You can sound like Madonna when you start to say.
But Simon Cowell will have me things to say.
It's not his fault really.
He's just better because he's gay.
You could do teddy bear and sound just like the king.
Your performance could rival the superstar state.
But Simon will still throw his daggers your way.
It's not his fault really.
He's just better because he's gay.
Oh, American Idol Guy.
Simon Cowell knows why his TV shows the fans.
He has a crush on the guys.
And he can take his eyes off a Brian sequest.
He secretly turns to kiss Don't Combo Lips.
He's fantasizing about Randy Jackson's hips.
Cause deep down he knows he can't possibly say.
The man picking up the American Idol is gay.
The man picking up the American Idol is gay.
I gotta get out of this gay.
If it's the last thing I ever do, I gotta get out of this gay.
I used to be a star.
I'm talking TV and movies, DJ Hooker, emergency 911.
You like Star Trek, right?
Scotty, beat me up from this nightmare gig.
I'll admit it, I got the call from my agent about this priceline.com thing.
When things were going too well, no way, things weren't going at all.
So he says Bill, you want to do a few commercials?
They'll pay you a ton of money.
So I said, sure.
It was so well.
They said, hey Bill, you want to do it on TV?
And I said, what do I sign?
I'm back on TV, baby.
I'm gonna be a star again.
I'll be big, really big.
And then I realized on the TV sponsor, making fun of that.
Really awful album I made back in the 60s.
I'm a parody of myself, but I went out.
But my agent says, I already signed the contract.
You're stuck, he says, I gotta get out of this big girl.
I'll have a better life if I do.
Thank you.
Absolutely.
109 and 560, WDQM, it's our big one and two hour.
We'll continue with this until we're good and ready.
Sergio Faxes says, hey, need a welcome to back to San Florida.
How about Wayne Ferris?
He's still alive and Richard would come, who's on our list.
Misspelled badly, Eric.
Both from the old channel, 7th.
Thank you, Sergio.
Also somebody reminds me how can we forget a big Larry Kent?
As in, need some money?
Oh, good old Larry Kent.
Boy, there was a guy, a radio sales.
In fact, if you look up radio sales pole,
Shicer in the dictionary, Larry's picture is right there.
A big fat picture of old Larry Kent.
So we got him on there.
Reneurys got 71, Rick Weaver 48.
Glenda birds got 35, and the hello big got 34, sunny
Hurst 31.
So I can old seat back in the days when I was entertaining,
when it was great, when it was fun, when it was amusing,
when it was interesting.
Before, he's just a bunch of hot wind bag asses,
right-wing lunatics, spewing hate.
If you need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers,
buyers houses fast, hassle-free.
Fast cash home buyers, buyers houses in any condition,
location for any reason.
You need to set your house fast, the user's your house,
maybe need a new roof, flooring, any other repairs.
Don't throw money away and cost the repairs,
call rod today instead, at 1-866-785,
fast for no obligation, hassle for your offer.
At fast cash home buyers, they help you to solve your house problems.
Do you have a vacant house?
If you're tired of dealing with a problem, ten of them,
maybe you're going through a really nasty divorce.
Fast cash home buyers are the folks you ought to be talking to.
Maybe you're one, two or three payments behind,
or you inherited a property you just want to get rid of.
Fast cash home buyers can help you.
Call rod today, 1-866-785, fast,
and let fast cash home buyers give you a piece of mind.
Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today,
and you won't have to pay a dime or real estate commissions either.
So call rod, there's no obligation, call 1-866-785, fast,
F-A-S-T for a hassle for your offer,
and let fast cash home buyers solve your house problem.
My life and love, this is 4th radio by 60.
You ain't way to way, yeah.
Where are we?
Congratulations, get alive.
Blinded by the ride,
bamboozled by duty bags,
the pace deeper or right,
blinded by the ride,
out of blinded duty bags,
I knew you were a man,
I knew you may not understand what I did,
or who I am,
most of you don't read any books.
So let me introduce myself,
I was a well-respected,
hard-right man,
and trusted by high-level schnapps.
I used to have a powerful,
Republican position,
high upon a poor, row-crowned.
The Holy Christians were in systems that I have,
this red-edged plaintiff,
with any means that could be found.
You ain't way to way, yeah.
String-shade, I had a nervous breakdown,
all I was blinded by the ride,
bamboozled by duty bags,
the moral-pastie ride,
blinded by the ride,
out of blinded duty bags,
I knew you may not understand what I did,
or who I am,
I had a vision to the parties
from my moralistic Christians,
and fallen there,
drinking on the road.
Why's that a rexic-pondic sister,
and coats are raising blisters,
giving power balls to a cult?
My job was to welcome you,
to the right wing,
and point of view,
people might be really too swayed,
and I'm the hatred that I spewed about minorities,
and thank your Jews,
make me want to puke today.
I couldn't even fail my game,
cause I was blinded by the ride,
bamboozled by duty bags,
the pastie roll-pastie ride,
blinded by the ride,
there was info
that she was naked on a pause,
what you guys think of her,
and a obvious style,
a ride.
How many times has this happened to you?
I am safe,
worship me,
keep doubles,
boost me!
Ah, nuts!
Another evening of listening to records,
backwards,
ruined by satanic messages.
Now, protect yourself
by insisting on quality recordings
only from backside records.
The records may to be played backwards,
get the hits of the happening sixties.
Come on, Atlas seventies!
How about pointless eighties?
Cheater, that's a catchy tune, what's it called?
They thought what that one was, yeah!
Of course, I should have known.
Don't let those irritating blasphemous messages
spoil your listening.
Anything worth hearing is worth hearing backwards,
on backside records.
You are too happy and to be feeling carefree,
because presidents of the Musa'in
has defeated the infidel chrinton
and the satanic America,
all causing great embarrassment to the colleges,
and inflicting great pain on our enemies
during the recent UN inspections tendo.
Ha, this is why my fellow Iraqi citizens,
I've got McDonald's,
it's to be celebrating most
renuously this weekend.
Yes, yes!
Automatic weapons have to be fired
into the air without regard for human city,
as you enter the five-died McDonald's.
Bring what remains of your family
to be meeting, run of Mahame de Dador.
Do not be forgetting, as you today,
I have to be chopping up the hands of the handbrake run!
You are to be sending the proof of your longing
to play in the kitty bunker,
as you choose Ramanos,
tempting menu that includes big max with secrets,
scuttle, fist-mat-boom sandwiches,
quarter pounder with views,
not to be forgetting our famous fly!
Yes, my fellow Iraqi citizens,
we have to be celebrating our wondrous
leader Saddam Hussein's victory,
over the soulless ones of the United Nations.
And eat this weekend at the Baghdad McDonald!
A portion of pussy
will be given to our great leader Saddam Hussein's
most secretive research and program
to be building weapons of past destruction.
Come and listen to my story about a man named Kidd.
A Harvard graduate here invoices in his head
and then one day he was feeling kind of weird.
He moved to Montana
and threw himself up there,
crazy that his cycle path was green-time.
Well, the first thing he know
of the test begins to prove
that Kidd folks said,
Ted, that's a uniformer dude,
said California's where the thrives on a bee,
so they loaded up the shack and moved it carefully,
exhibited jury pearls,
weird smells.
His lawyer says that Ted's the craziest,
if you don't believe it,
just read his manifest.
Ted says he did it cause he hates technology,
and that's why he mailed all those people to you and to you.
Mail call, letter bomb,
duck and cook.
Well, now it's time to say goodbye to Ted and his defense,
and he would like to thank him for paying the expense
of his gift.
You're all invited back again to this locality
to buy the first edition of his autobiography.
Soon to be a movie, HBO,
Jerry Springer.
Y'all tuning in now you're here?
It's our video for the male fan.
The station that delivers,
preseds,
a loudman,
a delivering sweetkins,
a whole weekend log,
you can qualify by winning video cassettes
of the movie delivery.
What is it you're calling?
We require the two listen to the radio all weekend log.
So saying the truth,
the grand prize winner will be flown to Doathe, Georgia
for a canoe trip for two down the Kahuna Wassey River
including accommodations in mutable entries.
It's a piece you don't win.
I guess you just dropped in.
I just say the rattle and plan is,
like most simply be the king's color.
Every time he would hear Ned May,
he's going to let the president.
What's the deal?
It's a deliverance weekend,
no weekend log.
The station that gets you away.
Q95.
Hey everybody,
top for the denial dance.
Take off your shoes and fans,
and give the scale a glance.
Gotta move along,
hide those extra fouls.
You can put it at top to stay below the line
to the denial dance.
Hip up, lean back,
use one foot down,
pull off the towel rack.
You got it, hold your foot up in the air like a flamingo.
That's right, what's that that was?
You're still around,
try to get your knees a little bit.
Yeah!
You make the scale your fans,
under the barrier,
a gravitational fire,
you get the number you like.
If you don't want to know,
then only use one toe for the denial dance.
When you feel it's back,
when you're so flat,
use a denial dance,
denial dance,
denial dance,
denial dance,
denial dance,
then now, Diana Ross,
meeting the new Supremes for the first time.
Oh you girl!
Do me a favor,
you go give me some coffee,
I like it, black with just a little sugar,
and you start working on my toenail.
You talk about me,
I'm working on my toenail.
You talk about who you talking about to.
Don't look directly at me.
I'm Diana Ross.
Do you know who you talking to?
Who the hell are you?
This is Sherry and this rock.
And that is Linda Ross.
That's Linda Ross.
I don't know who you are.
You talk to me.
Don't talk to me.
Don't talk to me directly.
And don't look at me.
Where are you Supremes, man?
Oh no.
That's right.
Oh no!
Don't you be yelling at me.
Let me scream in love to her.
I don't need two bitches yelling at me all the time.
Don't look at me.
Don't look at me.
Don't look at me.
Don't look at me.
Don't look at me.
Don't look at me directly.
We're all confused.
All right.
Now I can't sing with people you know that, I mean.
All right.
What did you sing?
All right Paul, let's go.
Stop.
Stop.
What the hell was that?
Shut up.
Shut up.
Shut up.
You don't hear the shut up.
Shut up.
What are you singing?
That's not a soul.
always gonna that's a group of girls.
Goddamn that who you think.
Why are you talking about?
What is she singing?
Why are you talking about?
Singing seven in a nickname.
A clean, you ears are playing around.
We are professional singers because you follow.
You don't lean, you follow.
Way to back!
Fight again, it's right against you.
Oh are you doubting?
What are you saying, Bob?
It's you early, Sherry.
And you dumped it.
Certainly.
You said stop in the name of love.
It go stop in the name of love.
I've been thinking this all 25 years.
You were early.
That's what Barry Gordon said to you.
Oh.
Yeah, you watched the video.
Oh, I'm going to do it.
I said, it's you now.
I'm going to do it.
Are you ready?
Get down.
Damn.
I can't do singing.
I'm here to do this.
Fine, you are.
Where's the singer?
Where's the singer?
You are fine.
Are you?
She's not fine.
You shout out to your missing and now fake.
And now.
Missing and now and I'm going to say, hey, hey,
you're going to miss me now.
Stop it.
I can't be doing this.
Stop it.
I can't get to the Christmas cream.
Let's go.
What are you talking about?
In the name of love.
Before you leave, oh, and that's going to be a lot of fun.
There's no one.
I'm thinking of you.
I'm going to want my own.
What I got here is a new dance.
Some people called a barn dance.
I called it a dirty square dance.
Up with the betty goat down with the pants, in with the figure.
Everybody dance.
Girls went rags on up against the walls.
Guys went to Harlem, promenade the hall.
Girls grabbed your partners firmly by the balls,
dragged them down on the lake of the halls.
Make them holler, make them shout.
Put your pretty ass up against his mountain.
First lady goes, they can lay the pants.
Third lady figure up the porch, guys, I have.
Figure out, promenade the halls, now release the porch, guys fall.
Down with the betty goat up with the pants,
dancing to the end of the dirty square dance.
Those who throw are wrecking.
Outside now, I think I'm going to go grab me some french fried potatoes.
Alright, 126 and 560 WQMD have kids going back to college.
Well, if you do, why not give them one of the comforts of home,
a new bed from Dalamatris.
By calling 1-800-Mattress, you can order a new mattress and Dalamatris.
For your college students, set them up right in their off campus apartment.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, this week, ask about their low prices.
On certain perfect sleepers, a great option for students.
Consumers rated certain perfect sleepers a best buy.
And Dalamatris, they're in even better buy.
Special student deals on twins and fools and great prices and all sizes and comfort levels of surre betting.
It doesn't matter where their college student is going if they're staying in South Florida,
or headed to Philly, Boston, New York, Washington, East, Lansing, or wherever,
the betting experts that Dalamatris can make them feel like they're right at home.
Get that surre bed now by calling 1-800-Mattress, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
You'll get service like a dream bout from the delivery team right number one
and customer satisfaction in the universe.
When you call Dalamatris, you pick the day in time for deliverance convenient for you,
within any two-hour window seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 a night,
and your kids will be sleeping well the very first night.
With low prices, same day delivery, free set of unruval, it's easy to see
why Dalamatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
And don't forget everybody gets a student discount too at Dalamatris.
Pick up that phone right now and call our friends at Dalamatris toll free 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S,
or you can also order on the web if you like at Mattress.com.
Buy that local, this is the 5-City.
The radio's all yours now.
You win!
Pull the price selection.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to Dalamat people guild
with the gas that we sold him.
First time agressor nation and the only one that's going,
now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing,
forget about Korea and the notes they're totem and the right wing is drilling it
over and over and over into our hick.
Add a rag pass on, weapons of master's destruction.
3,000 people killed.
Our now forgotten, let's exploit them instead.
Hate their oil to be counted, go an aftercent down to.
Plankato's sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Lawton.
But no one seems concerned all, on the incomplacents,
believe in every word of the word.
This cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation
and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over into our hick.
Add a rag pass on, weapons of master's destruction.
The law for civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying.
Lino-pedian cattle don't have any reservations.
Fouda-brook, fadalent, world annihilation.
Old machines must fall, in halivert and in stoke,
with no objection at all.
Till the cramp don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over
into our parade watchtests by rag pass on.
We've been the master's destruction.
Only I've rag pass on, weapons of master's destruction.
Hey, there we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Franz, new jeans, Thomas.
Trenton the Bush is not many for this supreme court.
And you know there's lots of people that I didn't think just cause.
I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college.
Yeah, they were nothing but a pinjoy.
Yeah, maybe you'll see my side, you know, remember y'all.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the supreme court.
Yeah, I got it much easier.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
There y'all, I'm in token.
And I token to the east, and I token to the west,
and I token by the look of Sandra Daylecana's best.
I'll be token.
Let's go burn one y'all.
Announcing the show you've been waiting for, America,
it's Tonya Hiding's Ice Cafe.
Here's Olympic gold medalist, Katarina Vitt.
Yes, skating to the classics.
Oh, nice split jump there.
Here comes her take off into a double last.
Oh, she's down.
She's an agony.
Now it's Brian Botano attempting a triple salchow.
Oh, he really got creep.
A perfectly executed triple shinnestope by Tonya Harding.
See the precision team of Tonya Hiding, Jeff Gullily,
and her fat guy bodyguard wipe out skater after skater.
Oh, now, crispy of a duchy is down on the ice.
It's fun for the whole family,
especially if you're the quality owner, Gatti family.
Order your tickets for Tonya Hiding's Ice Cafe.
She's and will cross accepted.
Tonight, on an all new, touched by an uncle,
Tommy gets a visit from Old Uncle Billy,
fresh from a prison work release program.
Hey, Tommy, have you ever seen my impression of Dumb Odie elephant?
Tonight, on an all new, heartwarming episode of Touched by an Uncle.
So Tommy, feel like the watch Gladiator movie.
Oh, yeah, I got that something.
I'm aching in my blood.
Yeah, you are making boy.
And I'm your name, Blomand.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blomand.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blomand.
They seem so sweet to me.
With their firm little cans.
Little boys need to be with me.
Cause I'm a damn Blomand.
Yeah, I'm a damn Blomand.
Yeah, I'm a damn Blomand.
Hey, little kid, I'll give you, Gatti.
It'll ride.
You can sit on my lap and I will.
Let you drive. Let you drive.
Yeah, you shake your mouth in.
When you wear your little pants.
Don't tell a little secret.
Cause I'm your name, Blomand.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blomand.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blomand.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blomand.
I'll invite you inside.
And when I touch your little parts.
I can hide.
I can hide.
I can hide.
Oh, yeah, I got this something.
I'm achy in my gland.
Yeah, you are an achy boy.
And I'm your name, Blomand.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blomand.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blomand.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blomand.
I didn't know you liked to know it in the rapids, no?
That's a manly thing to do.
And I like men.
Wow, don't hit me with that or.
Oh, what?
Wow.
Now, did you think decided this thing like I asked you?
Yeah, my sister's poor little lady.
Just like you said, I stand beside you.
Let me get a good look at you.
Come on, me a motor, I'm gonna bend over the seat.
It's my table.
Where?
It's got to bend over the side more to see it.
Yeah.
Hey, where's the door?
Oh, yeah.
Don't you can push me over, boy.
Why?
It's a big one.
It's a big one.
What is cold?
Oh, wait, what's going on?
What a cold.
Think of falling for that old trick.
Why, I was...
Oh!
Where are we?
Where are we?
Where are we?
Where are we?
Where are we?
Yeah, the woods.
And not a fine mess that got me into.
Yeah, look at you dropped in here, Jan.
Yeah, ha ha ha.
Hey, fellas, Dylan.
I'm Georgie.
That's my Uncle Sister, Jan.
Howdy.
And this here's my brother and my pal, Marvard.
Mama named us after all the bushes
and honor the greatest president in this country ever had.
George Washington, Bush.
Well, it's real nice meeting you and I.
You ain't doing anywhere, sister.
Oh, see?
Oh, my goodness, and friend.
You drop your jersey and get on your head.
You two, dear friend.
But wait, I'm a boy.
You sure sound funny, but I like you, really.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, fight down.
Cause they you get used to it.
Yeah, I was going to be going to be going to be going.
Yeah, you'll be feeling like a woman in no time.
I got a backage.
You get the front.
I suppose you'll want me to steal now, eh?
Don't see how you're going.
You have not put that on.
Connie, till 2 at 5'60, W.C.R.,
we got the mad dog coming longer at 2 o'clock.
At 4' it's the secret ingredient.
The secret weapon, Joseph Gackey,
with non-veilie junior.
Some of that hurricane droppings.
We got the 76 votes for Renere,
who was your favorite soft-loader radio or TV personality
who was now dead.
Micronary 76, Requiver 52,
stunning Hearst 39,
Big Wilson 37.
Kind of surprising, isn't it?
I was going to vote for Big.
Glenda Bird Hill 36,
and Bishop 35,
Bill Calder 23,
Ralph Redneck 18,
Jack Cool 12,
Roby Young 10,
Alan Burke,
the D9, Wayne Chandler 8,
Dave Dixonate,
everybody else kind of,
small potato so far.
If you're underpaid,
if you're overworked and really underappreciated,
how'd you like to get out of that crappy job?
And get yourself a real life,
a new hot-paying career before the end of this year.
Pick up the phone and call,
Fast Train Tool 3 at 1,
866 Fast Train,
be sure and tell them the time,
Dreck,
toward a Decaw.
Fast Train can have your train
insertified before,
years end.
The demand for computer professionals
continues to grow,
so there's no better time than right now
to get you a new hot-paying job.
Fast Train offers job placement assistance,
convenient dating weekend schedules,
and because now they got six locations all over town,
there is bound to be a fast train convenient
nearby you.
Fast Train offers financial assistance
for people who qualify too.
So call them today,
toll free, you got nothing to lose,
but a real crappy job in a desperate life.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
That's 1-866 Fast Train.
There's no excuses to stay,
and that did end job another day.
Check them out on the web if you like it.
Fast Train.com,
and then call them toll free,
and be sure and mention Todd Dreck's name,
when you call 1-866 Fast Train.
High-paying career tomorrow.
We're supporting you 560.
You way, yeah.
BEEP!
Cindy, I told you not to bother me.
My eyes, sir!
Mr. Mouse!
Are you snapping at eyes, sir?
Oh, nothing, sir.
How are you?
I'm not good!
Oh, no.
What's wrong, now, sir?
Oh, one of my balls turned black.
Sure, your balls?
My basketball, my garage,
it falls, it turned black!
Oh, that's terrible, sir.
I'm a big basketballer.
Horrible.
Make the call, Eisner.
What call, sir?
Get a burger!
I ran in the paper, she's getting a little worse.
Well, she's separated.
There's some chemistry there, Eisner.
She wants me, I think she was just afraid
to make them move on the big guy.
But, sir, with all due respect,
you're a mouse.
Hey!
Don't tell me, I know I'm a mouse.
I'm hot, though.
She wants me, I can tell.
You're my pen, Eisner.
Okay, okay, sir.
I'll make the call.
Hang on a minute.
Wait a minute.
I'm so sick of that song, Remus.
Do not sing that song anymore,
Zippity, do does, every night.
Happy song, Bob.
It doesn't make me happy, Remus.
It makes me want to strangle you.
Eisner?
Yes, sir.
I do want to tell you one good thing you're doing.
Okay.
That's up to you for a American Idol.
You finally put this on the map, that thing.
Wait a go, Eisner.
Well, sir, that's actually the Fox Network.
Don't correct me, Eisner.
Remus?
What are you doing, Remus?
Get in here, you boss, and play a little symbol.
Don't play the symbols, you're on the phone, Remus.
Frank's in for the dindy damn thing, boss.
It's Disney Land fan, it's terrible.
That's right, they need me, boss.
Don't play a symbol again, Remus.
Eisner?
Yes, sir.
What are we running?
Well, sir, we've got the bachelor.
Oh, that's right.
That stupid firestein kid with that poor beaten grin.
No, no, sir, it's a fire stone.
Eisner?
Yes, sir.
Don't you correct me?
What's his name?
What's his name?
Firestein.
No, you idiot, it's fire stones.
You don't even know the name of a bachelor.
Oh, I'm safe.
Heaven's sake, what's this information I have to read about Peter Jennings?
What about Peter, so you're still in a fine job?
That was a good one, boss.
Remus, I swear to God, I will take your head between my white glove hands and loosen it.
Ah, boss, sorry, boss.
I'm under a little stress, boss.
What's the matter?
You can do it in the past, you know?
The nicoderm patch.
You're a shot-smoking boss.
You don't smoke, Remus.
You're right, boss.
Get outta here, you moron.
Eisner?
Yes, sir.
Well, Mr. Jennings is doing a fine job.
Peter Jennings is terrible.
He's French.
Well, I actually swear he's Canadian.
Uh, uh, uh, Eisner?
Yes.
What I tell you about correct me?
What is Peter Jennings?
Say it.
He's French.
No, you moron, he's Canadian.
PCA, or Varnette, you don't even know what he does.
Why do I keep you around, Eisner?
I don't know.
Why Eisner?
I don't know.
You are.
Say it.
Killing me?
Killing me?
And you know what?
Try to get me on that bachelor's shelf.
Sir, you're married, Mouse.
Hey, Eisner.
Yes?
I don't want to marry him.
I don't want to date those 25 girls.
I just want to stop him.
I'm telling you.
Leave it.
BOOM!
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts them both together.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
When the eyeball falls out, it puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to lose it out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It's what I have to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It needs to rub it on my friend.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I have to try to treat my skin so it doesn't hurt.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I said, dog, where?
I switched my B.P.
In my legs, I said, dog, where?
I like to dance around his waist.
BOOM!
On the left, I did a dance.
BOOM!
I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Buffaloville.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It takes it for my skin.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I hold my P.P.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much does it grow?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin so nibble like a...
Get Professor
montn,
I should put chicken on my skin...
I'm gonna put in there.
Not a guy who takes off his coat.
Now he will shock you...
your pride.
is the most beautiful thing on Earth ever.
Silently with sob.
But he is there.
And now get ready, Helen there!
Yesterday, because Liz Welch is gonna do your callus to me back!
I love you, too!
This Sunday, one afternoon only,
On her singing blue hair over a marigolder,
Liz Welch!
This will make really takes us!
If I ever fall in love,
One day afternoon in a basement record,
My humility seems completely in hallowed down!
Liz Welch!
A special guest for singing all came!
Wake you up!
I make love of your sweet heart!
I'm in love with you!
I'm the popular prince, Sid Blachrader!
You're too long!
What makes me so warm?
Are you claiming?
The whole night, too!
At best, you're on sale now!
Little early birds wanted dying cafeteria locations!
I'm not interested to remember,
But you probably won't remember!
In my space, as most of all,
There's clearly no possible,
A common door, a constant placidation!
I'm not closely repaying attention,
But in Boeing for Columbine,
Scott Chapin's voices in the back,
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
1963 North Miami Beach and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads and Pembroke Pines.
So take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now. All size parties are welcome.
Let the folks in Emerald Coast do the kung fuori. It's a fantastic feast.
Take out and live available to call 954-5723822-954-5723822 for the world amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Take four plates ladies and gentlemen Arnold Schwarzenegger. Arnold before we get started what is that smell?
That's my new cologne. It smells like onion dip. What is it? That's onion dip cologne. That explains it I guess. That's right.
Next question. You know there's all the speculation that you will all up please. You know there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run.
I know I fool the whole world. What changed your mind? What mind? What changed your decision to run for governor?
Decisions are easy to make when you are informed. What does that mean? It's onion dip cologne.
No I don't mean about the cologne. I mean what does that statement mean? Right. Next question. What is that?
When I go to Sacramento I would pump up Sacramento. Well how exactly are you going to do that?
I'm going to pump it up. How? By pumping. This is a government. This isn't a gym. Not pumping.
Speaking of pumping there have been some allegations that you have a straight hair for where you tread small report to man.
Well there have been reports that you have strained in your mouth. You straight? It's onion dip cologne.
It's very nice. Thank you. I'm going to pump up Sacramento as the governor. I would be the best governor of California since you were Humphrey.
You were Humphrey was never the governor of California. Exactly.
It's I didn't mean you.
He looks like a bird. They call him bird.
Bird. These are differences you will tell.
Bird. The wireless culture is hanging around.
Hang up right now. Whenever you call.
Don't get one more. They click and they show.
Go straight in the tank. We've got you to take me because all of the lights just went blind.
Shesimster.
She bigger.
You're the only one who can make it to the bottom of the sea.
You're in the comfy of sea and my heat.
You're the only one who can make it to the bottom of the sea.
Car test is on the rocks.
In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben can.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system,
and even less than you'd pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out.
And he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much just...
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
I got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My neighborhood isn't that great.
There have been a lot of car thefts.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard...
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben, protecting my car,
let's me sleep better at night.
Call now, 1-800-1-Big-Guy.
That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this...
You'll hear this.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Bye, bye, bye!
Send me a Roger Show on 560-Zillion Q-A-N, by any for my data.
I got nothing.
