I applauding...
Ohh yeah I've
Equalled with Brom imaginary
But try to understand
That I have a problem
Because I can't use my head
I only have one hand
I only have one hand.
I'd like to take my pen and stick it inside.
Despite my comfort grip is something I can hide.
I can hide. I can hide.
So please vote for me.
I'm cranky bitter old beer.
No. And if you will make one of me, I'll slap you like a man.
But only with my good hand.
I only have one hand.
Oh, I only have one hand.
It's 902 at 560 WQ. I'm happy Monday to you.
How come I'm here like an echo in the back today?
Is there something new and exciting going on there?
No, I don't know about it.
I don't know about everything's off.
Beside the fact that our website is all screwed up.
Our website screwed up everybody.
I just mentioned that in passing.
We did have 1711 votes over the weekend on the poll, including many of them real ones.
But it must be that delivery guy.
I should have saved the facts from that guy who admitted screwed up the Key West Miami poll at the last week.
Because it must have been him again.
He must have gotten lonely last night.
Great.
Great.
Now I'm telling you right now, Grace Kelly was the winner.
You're not fooling me.
Even though it says on their Maryland Monroe.
1711 votes.
And you know, you realized that we had, if you missed the poll,
who is or was the most beautiful actress on TV or in the movies?
Two people didn't get any votes.
Already young being one who didn't deserve it in the first place.
And a guy from, was it sunrise?
That old fart that called in with that?
Okay.
I'm sure he don't have no computer.
He's over the age of 100.
In fact, he may not still be with us today.
And Jane Russell didn't get any.
Which I guess we just don't have the correct demographic for that.
They don't remember Jane with her big macho look and those big gigantic breasts.
Yeah, I know how it uses that.
So who's going to vote for?
All those bra spots.
And we better play Wonder bra on a routine.
But she didn't get any votes out of over 1700 votes to get zero.
It was pretty, that's pretty evil, you know?
It says Maryland Monroe 147 Grace Kelly 144.
But that's not correct.
Grace Kelly one.
Maryland Monroe was second.
I'm not even sure that.
Raquel Wells 97.
Sophia Loren 86.
Halley Berry 84.
And then it's way on down.
Those were the contenders right there.
Should I read all the other ones?
Yeah.
Not yet out of here.
Just because our computer is our website screwed up today.
We're not going to be doing a poll.
Sorry about that folks.
No poll today.
But I'm sure we'll get tons and tons of great calls.
They'll be called about the B's or B's or B's or B's or.
And about that great piece on 60 minutes last night.
What a, that was a piece.
I'll write a piece of crap.
Sell them in my life.
I'll read the rest of the results when I feel like it.
Sell them in my life.
Have I ever seen anything so overhyped as that piece of garbage last night?
And because George didn't see it.
Are you ever in luck this morning?
I taped it special.
The chef put special.
And he said, call everybody with a party started.
They clintoned the party.
You know, this is so much like everything else on TV.
They hype it up.
Oh, it's going to be great.
It's going to be really controversial.
It was about as controversial as a fog farting in the wind.
You know, it's terminal.
And what they're going to do this proves that up.
I have no idea.
But you people, the CBS eye is weeping from this episode last night on 60 minutes.
Senator Dole.
If there is military action in Iraq, victory will probably come quickly.
Because we're stronger in Iraq as weaker than in the 1991 Gulf War.
But it won't be cheap.
The conflict in rebuilding Iraq afterward will cost many billions.
We're already running big deficits.
Thanks largely to the huge tax cut two years ago.
Nearly half of which went to the top 1% like you and me.
Now when we're cutting back on everything from homeland security to education.
And where the rocks still to pay for your party wants another big tax cut.
Never before we had a big tax cut in terms of national crisis.
Lincoln didn't.
FDR didn't.
With over 200,000 young Americans in the person Gulf, we shouldn't.
It's wrong.
And it's bad economics.
Mr. President, two of the most dangerous words in English language are either or.
Just a week ago critics were saying United States could fight either al-Qaeda or Saddam Hussein, but not both.
Tell that to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
The terrorists we just captured.
Mr. President, this is a different kind of war.
This is global.
A war to protect American lives and preserve the American way of life.
Which means among other things a freedom to save and invest our own money.
Instead of Washington taking it from us.
Only in Washington is an investment when the government spends your money.
And for President Bush to practice the economics of either war,
without only invite political attack from your friends who wanted job,
he would risk winning a battle and losing the war.
We're approaching a $400 billion deficit.
And you're the one saying either are.
Either victory in Iraq and tax cuts.
Or home land security education.
Keeping social security and Medicare strong.
Leadership is about choosing.
So let's give up our tax cut.
With all due respect, Mr. President,
much of our current problem can be traced to the economic hangover of the 90s.
The Bush tax cut has barely kicked in.
But I'll tell you what.
I'll gladly donate my tax cut to worthy charity, if you will.
Maybe even the Clinton library.
Wow.
Was that still leading or what?
How was that exciting television?
Good.
You're going to save that tape for me, right?
So I can watch it as well.
I'm going to save it for the hollow shame.
I'm saving it for posterity.
If you'll notice there was like a little click in it at one point.
Did you notice that?
No.
Well, that's because I came to back.
Because I thought it was done.
I thought, you know, and then they come back for another 15 seconds apiece.
15 seconds.
Wow.
First of all, they're not even like side by each.
They're not even in the same room.
So I mean, the idea that there's any debate going on.
Secondly, what else anybody going to say in 45 seconds then do a rebuttal in 15 seconds?
Leave it to 60 minutes.
You know, otherwise such a great show.
Although I was frosted at the mouth about the thing they did on doctors.
You didn't see the show at all?
Last night I saw the thing on the gutter and then I don't know something.
The gutter was great.
That was terrific.
Now there's the model.
That's the role model we should set up for all of our good friends over there.
We should like force it on them.
You know, like we're trying to do in the rack.
Right.
We can do that by force, right?
And then they had this piece on doctors, the poor doctors and the old lawsuits and all this other crap.
And of course the experiences I've had with doctors all my life.
I have no sympathy for doctors whatsoever.
I mean, when you're really sick and you know, you need a good one if you can find one.
But good luck to you, especially in South Florida.
Doctors generally speaking suck.
So whatever evil, whatever happens to most of them, they deserve it.
They brought it on themselves by butchering people, by making grotesque mistakes.
And by also not calling in prescriptions, what are supposed to be doing it?
Yeah.
Just mention that in case anybody a Cleveland clinics listing.
God, are they frost my ass?
I mean, if they're not going to do something for you, tell me you're not going to do it.
Don't give me a sign.
Okay, I'll take care of it.
And I don't call it in.
Just leave me hanging here.
You idiots, you assholes.
God.
Don't ever, even if you have like a parakeet, a cockatoo, don't ever take it to the Cleveland Clinic.
Okay, I just mentioned that in passing.
All right.
This is my message for you asshole.
He knows who I'm talking at.
God.
Anyway.
So on the pool, let's see, a Healeyberry 84, Ashley Judd 49, Elizabeth Hurley 49, Barbara Eden had 46.
Remember the one guy that called that time we were talking about Barbara Eden for whatever reason?
I'll never, ever forget it.
And he said, oh, Neil, your way off face.
No heterosexual male, whatever consider her sexy.
And I thought to myself, I mean, what are you talking about?
But that was the whole draw.
That show was the fact that she was with her naval, were they going to let the naval hang out or not?
Right.
The guy that said that obviously was not a heterosexual male.
He was some kind of a fag.
No, that's what he was.
Liz Taylor 43, Catherine Zita Jones 41, followed by Bo Derek, Elizabeth Milano, Bridget Parto at 37,
Heather Locklear 36, Denise Richards, your choice 35, you beat me out.
I had your day in a Brewster at 29.
Yeah, but I wanted to 29 vote anyway.
Huh?
I wanted to change my vote after some of those names came in.
Two Renee Richards, Charlie Starran 35, Jennifer Connelly 34, along with Natalie Woodens, Sophia Vergara 34, Michelle Fyfer 33, Aubrey Hepburn 32.
Last night, I guess what movie was on?
Speaking of Aubrey Hepburn?
Huh?
Speaking of Aubrey Hepburn?
Yes.
I don't know that.
The one where she's a blind lady.
No.
Aubrey Hepburn with William Holden.
And who else is in that?
I can't share it.
Oh, never saw it.
And I'll say that she had a beautiful face, but she must have weighed about 85 pounds open when Aubrey Hepburn, like a bird lady.
Yeah, how could she be the most beautiful actress ever?
I mean, yeah, and then we had all these people.
Several calls about that too, about Aubrey Hepburn. I don't know why.
Nice face.
No body.
Not a bad body.
Just nobody.
In fact, maybe she would just be a good head.
She's dead.
Jackie Johnson 30, Dr. Anna Brewster 29. That pisses me off.
Okay, see, that's the local element.
And they don't have any idea who Dr. Anna Brewster is.
Nope.
Too bad.
You're lost.
Not mine.
You're lost.
All you heteros out there, all those of you who claim to be heteros like that guy would talk about Barbara Eden bed.
Screw you, pal.
Angelina Jolie 25, and S.A. William's 22, and Dec. 21, and Margaret 19, Brooke Burke 18.
Oh, this list goes on too long.
Too many.
Christen Cruckout 16.
Ty would Jennifer Lopez.
What a joke that is.
I think you just put Jennifer Lopez's ass on Christen Cruck's body.
She'd have trouble walking.
Pamela Anderson at 13, George.
How do you like that?
Please.
They can take a have her all 13.
She was Ty with Jacqueline Smith.
And Ursula Undress had 14.
Kim Novak had only eight.
Isabella Rosalini had seven.
See, I feel bad that I'm not reading all of these because their websites screwed up.
You know what?
Tough crass.
Just too many.
It's too ponderous.
I don't want to add that.
And I'm sure that a lot of our people on the audience love that thing with Clinton and
Dole last night.
If they did, we're going to come to your house and arrest you.
One of the USA Patriot Act immediately, if not sooner.
Under the mentally deficient act.
What a piece of garbage.
And as usual, like I said, they hype it and hype it.
No, it's going to be really great.
You know, and of course, they're only their questioning should an ex president do that.
Well, I don't have any problem with a puppet doing stuff like that.
Or anybody else.
You know, it's a different era.
But at least if you're going to do something, do it where you can actually get on there and say something.
Hasn't he already been?
He was out with King.
He was out with Paula.
He's been out with everybody and their brother.
Papa, myster, right?
Yeah.
As far as Dole is concerned, what is he going to be on?
It's going to be exciting at all.
Unless he starts punching him with his gippy hand.
Unless they get in a well fist fight.
I'd watch that.
And the problem is that's not going to happen because they like each other.
That's never going to happen.
They're good buddies.
So that's, you know, contrive crap.
Very sad.
Very disappointing CBS on an otherwise great show.
You know, I'm watching that first segment.
I'm cutter, which you notice now they're not going to get a gutter anymore.
Right.
Cutter or Qatar.
Yeah.
I'm watching that.
And I'm thinking boy, this show is so great.
You know, and here's a show that actually is really good.
And they pull worthwhile crap on there most of the time.
And it gets big ratings.
And you know, it's the rare exception.
And then they come up with a piece of contrive crap like that.
Shame on you, Don.
Hewitt.
He ain't no foster Hewitt.
I'll tell you that.
913 at 560 WDQA.
You still reluctant about ordering a bed over the phone.
I have no idea what you're waiting for.
It's the only smart thing you might do in this category.
Over a million people have bought a mattress over the phone from Dalmatris.
I've done it.
George has done it.
Miguel has done it hundreds more.
I do it every week.
We talk about Dalmatris every day.
And nothing's got a bigger impact on your life every day than getting a great night's sleep.
So call 1-800-MATRIS, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now.
And you'll have a sensational night's sleep from Dalmatris.
They carry the best mattresses in the universe.
They got them all.
Seely, service, Simmons, King Quarrel, every size, every style.
Dalmatris is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right.
Once you buy a mattress from Dalmatris, you'll never go back to a showroom again and get ripped off.
And don't forget when you buy a mattress from Dalmatris, they take away the crappy old bedding and set up your new one for free.
That's correct.
Dalmatris sets up the new one and takes away the old crappy smelly bedding for free.
So make the call right now to Dalmatris and enjoy a great night's sleep tonight and for weeks and months and years to come.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for Dalmatris, the easiest possible way to buy you a great new name brand mattress at an unbeatable price.
My, my, and lo-o, this is 430-560.
Way, way, yeah.
Go ahead.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Shady shed light off the bed, lady.
He bought his expectations to win and they were getting too close to the towel headed by these other tensions all above a few again.
We're doing top.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
If they don't insist on this corporate free time, free time that might will never be a bench.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
Pushes the side of the bedding up.
919-560WQAM.
So our website is screwed up.
We apologize profusely, but we won't be putting a new poll up on here today.
Which will give you a chance to vote for Maryland and Road 200 more times.
All right.
We'll just leave it up there till tomorrow and then we'll work on a new one.
So today is going to be the...
See, I was saying to George before the show today.
A couple of weeks ago we took a poll about things that people want to hear on this show
and coming in dead last.
I mean, with almost no votes.
With polls with a lot of choices, you know, putting together a poll.
And we've been doing that for several days in a row because quite frankly,
that's the only thing we get a response to on this show when it requires just a name.
How about Ava Gardner?
What did she do?
She was really beautiful.
And that's the...
That's the limits of our audience.
And so, you know, it's easy.
Like that bitch says, it's a cop out.
It's a real easy, it's a piece of cake.
The listening audience hates it like poison.
But the people that did it on our poll and the people that call them and say those things,
they love it, right?
Yeah.
So it's easy.
We don't give a crap.
Van Brees worked a resign over racial slur.
The beasur.
See what makes this story even worse than I didn't hear any.
I didn't hear too much of this morning show for obvious reasons.
But the reason that they missed the big point is that it wouldn't have been nearly as bad.
It would still have been bad.
It's something for the fact that here's the guy who became a born again, a religious nut.
When he first came to the Panthers, he wasn't one of those.
But then as time ran, he became kind of like Gary Carterish, you know.
Always peddling the fact that he was...
In fact, I don't even think he peddled it as much as Gary Carter.
Oh, sorry, Rimmer.
That's right. He's in New York anyway.
Can't hear it.
John Van Brees worked with...
And now let me ask you.
So the fact that our website is done means that all those five or ten people that we have will listen around the country can't hear us today.
Right?
I don't know.
What do you think, Carlos?
He doesn't know either.
What do you think, Carlos?
He doesn't know either.
Well, why can't he say that?
Why are you...
He was clean across the room, putting the stories in.
And after the first...
He had to hear he was cleaning the room.
He just said he was cleaning the room.
He was cleaning the kitchen.
Yeah.
I bet he was.
Then somebody might...
Mm-hmm.
Right, Tom.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Earlier yesterday, Van Beesbrook was quoted on the team's website as saying he snapped,
but there was no mention of resignation yesterday, but now he says, bye-bye.
Van Beesbrook's resignation will not lead to an automatic return to the team by daily.
Van Beesbrook owns 25% of the club and is unsure of what his future holds in that respect.
It's something we have to discuss, Darren Ferris, an agent of daily's who works for the Orhockey Group said,
a return is one option for Trevor.
Bobby Orris is agent, by the way.
A wait till commissioner David Brandt said last night he had received a phone call from Van Beesbrook
and promoted the latter's intention to resign.
The situation still warrants a look by the league at all the details and the facts at Brandt,
who scheduled with me with daily two day.
How do you like that?
Beezer.
Beezer.
For, again, Christian Beezer.
No wonder certain people I know didn't like him at all.
I mean, he was always, I'm talking a couple of times.
He was always very nice to me, very cordial.
It seemed like kind of a low-key guy.
He called the show before.
Did he really?
Years ago when you used to do those hockey shows, remember?
The Geezer called the show, he made like voluntarily.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
But let me say it again.
Born again, Christian, using the N word behind this guy's back.
That makes it again, compound all three of those things.
He's having a meeting with the rest of the team and well, that nigger did this and the Audi Audi.
And it's just unacceptable, Beez.
It's okay. It's acceptable according to the Bible.
Is that what it says?
Sure, slave.
We need to call him a slave.
He used the N word.
No, no, no, no.
Sorry.
By the way, a little info.
Yes, an info from our computer wizard, Carlos, who says, by the way,
the people that can't get on the new Rogers, some people can't, some people won't be able to win.
Most can't.
We'll be able to listen on wqam.com.
Oh, how do you like that?
But how are they going to know that?
I know.
What a moron.
Well, you've been hanging around with Eric too long, I think, because you're probably one idiot.
You know what that would be like?
It would be like if the transmitter went off.
So we made it happen.
You can't hear us now.
He's listening, because we'll be back on later as soon as the transmitter comes.
What?
We'll be temporarily re-broadcasting on 790.
Oh, my God.
Maybe they're listening now to go away later.
So those of you who can't hear me right now, go to wqam.com and you can hear the audio.
Oh, well, no, that is a good idea because there are people in the local area who get
ralazi radio reception inside and do listen on the internet.
You wear that?
Yeah.
Well, I'm just telling you right now.
So like I said, it was a very astute comment by little beener boy.
Thank you.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Let's see these phones light up like Hanukkah boys today, baby.
You watch.
They were putting them to the test on a Monday, no less, right?
Sure.
What do you say in sure on a Monday, which is impossible for them, but they have to come
through for us today because the website is screwed up.
We're not going to be sitting here doing one of those stupid polls today where people call it and say,
ah, I'm a gardener.
Am I not picking on a gardener?
Did she have enough tourist being married to Frank Sinatra?
Right.
And they're both dead anyway.
Here's our only call.
It's from Parkland.
Hello.
And you know, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I wanted to tell you how the, I watched the 60-minute show last night also.
Yeah.
And I just wanted to comment about how this retarded ape that we have in the White House could
solve this so-called malpractice insurance crisis that we're having.
Yeah.
And we take them about five minutes.
All they have to do is institute the English form of justice wherein, where if you sue a doctor, for example,
and you lose, you pay the doctor's medical or sue legal fees.
Because what causes most of these so-called frivolous lawsuits to be filed is that the people filing them,
they have nothing to lose.
If you go to court and you find it during the stupid enough to buy your argument,
you're in line for, as they said last night on the broadcast, an average of $4 million verdict.
And if you lose, well, you know, you have, it hasn't cost you anything because your lawyer's taking it on a contingency fee.
The lawyer's risking maybe 20 grand worth of expenses versus a fee of a million and a half dollars.
So it's a worth rolling the dice.
But in the English system, if I sue you and I lose, I have to pay your legal expense.
Sure, I like it.
So that would be a lot easier than saying somebody who has taken their child, for example, to a doctor
and brought a healthy child into his office and taken a child out of that office
that will require millions and millions and millions of dollars of lifetime medical care
because some idiot doctor was drunk or something and screwed the kid up,
he'd only get a maximum of $250,000.
That is so unfair as to say.
It's unacceptable. It's outrageous.
Unfortunately, the reason why this logical system will not ever work is because this idiot in the White House,
there's no way for him to get any campaign contributions from it.
If there was somebody he could sell out to, then maybe he might appeal to him.
Amen. Okay, thanks. Thanks.
Thanks. Makes too much sense.
Don't anybody defend doctors to me, man, because as far as I'm concerned,
95% of March Charlons and be very suspicious of the rest of the mess.
I'll like to tell you, just a schlock. It's become real schlock, man.
927 at 560 WQMD have $2,000 and more on a credit card.
If so, listen.
Devoted consumer counseling will help you and it will cost you nothing.
That's right. It will cost you absolutely nothing.
Devoted is a nonprofit company that will contact the companies you owe money to
and they'll cut your payments in half.
Call 1-800-4-NO-DEAT.
That's 1-800-4-N-O-D-E-B-T.
1-800-4-NO-DEAT.
Devoted will help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees, and save your credit.
It will cost you nothing.
The bank pays divoted. You pay nothing.
So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, call Devoted at 1-800-4-NO-DEAT.
Call and find out how Devoted can help you. You got nothing to lose.
If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates, and late fees, call Devoted consumer counseling
and they'll handle it from there.
Call right now 1-800-4-NO-DEAT. Remember, it cost you nothing.
I'm going to look all this. This is my city.
The radio's on your side.
QAM!
Fudge back in.
New this fall on Fox.
It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen.
Thicking a pop snuggles into his king-size bed with warm milk and cookies and interviews some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity.
And no, this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of Moldey and Disney's new animated adventure, The Junker Book 2.
Please welcome my special guest in my bed, Hey, George Ozzman.
Do we have to do this in your bed?
It's innocent. It's very charming. I let my children sleep with very gib.
Oh? So tell me, Hey, George Ozzman, how was it working with lovable bear balloon?
Well, he's not real Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman.
Hey, look what I could do with this.
Oh!
You never know who's going to be sleeping in Michael's bed.
I'm here with my next guest, Nogorlova in my bed. It's a big TV star.
The child who plays Sipuwits is son on NYPD Blue.
Hello child who plays Sipuwits is son on NYPD Blue.
Hi, my hair.
Would you like to play a game?
Child who plays Sipuwits is son on NYPD Blue?
Sure.
Put put on this mask.
I don't care if he's so long.
Having so much fun, me and my children play this game with very gib all the time.
Put the mask on.
I'm in bad room.
Touch this one time.
So grab some warm milk and cookies and join Waco Jacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before.
It's sleeping with Michael Jackson. Weeknight, Sunfawks.
I'm gonna take it a lot bigger numbers than Bob and Bob Dull with a bad hand.
A lot bigger numbers. Make no mistake about it.
Millions people speaking of big numbers and little Havana for coyotes over the weekend.
I'm sure you guys were both there.
Yeah.
Where?
You didn't see me dancing?
Come on.
How'd everybody come?
But in the meantime, Mayor Manny Diaz, who is a little bit upset, even though they had a million people there,
I don't see about any deaths or anything like that.
Did you see a carnival in Rio?
Yeah.
And then they announced these things like routinely like it's supposed to be.
Last year there were 59 people killed this year, 73.
Right.
Well, they were, you know, then all the revelry, all the mayhem and the gay, whatever's going on in the streets there in Rio.
73 people dead.
Didn't see anybody dead in coyote, but Mayor Manny Diaz has got a last minute bid to cancel a Mayfront Park Festival schedule for March 22nd.
It's got impited against the promoters of the electronic news event expected to draw tens of thousands of people.
At a meeting schedule for noon today, Diaz will ask Mayfront Park officials and event promoters to stop the 5th annual Ultra Electronic Music Festival.
If they can't reach an agreement with Diaz by the end of the day's meeting, lawyers for Alters say they'll be forced to sue the city,
especially since promoters have already spent more than $600,000 on the event and other million dollars in contracts that they've got.
They've also sold thousands of tickets at $40 to $60 each inside an agreement to produce live broadcast of the event promoters be saying if the festival was on a schedule, promoters expect such artists as Underworld Paul Okenfold, Sasha, John Digweed, Paul Van Dyke, Hybrid and Seb Fontaine.
Remember them?
A couple of them.
The event is scheduled to begin at 11am, March 22nd and at 1am the next day, the problem comes just two weeks before the event.
Diaz's office stated concerns about possible widespread drug use is the main reason to stop the event.
Oy! promoters said these concerns are unfounded. They said they only heard of the Mayor's Plan to cancel the event at a meeting Thursday at City Hall.
An 8-to-Diaz has pressed secretary Kelly Pettensetter bosses concerns arose from reports of rampant drug use.
The Mayor said many of the music fans would be minors, but all for promoter Russell Fabish called the broadcast misleading saying that less than 10% of the footage that they showed on TV came from video taken in last year's festival.
How do you like that?
I don't.
Right out so long, you know, we don't want to have any drugs going on there, God forbid.
I've got a question for many Diaz.
And what's that?
How the hell are you?
Yeah.
And is this done?
Sunstill printing those counterfeit bills in school, do you think?
I think so.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on EAT and T in Verizon wireless line.
So typical, man.
Can't do this and you can't do that.
And they even know Mike bring a lot of people in.
Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
You said it, man.
Asking Marina to hand the football off to a running back is kind of like asking a brain surgery to operate on him, boy.
Where the hell did that come from?
That's old.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
All right.
Listen, I missed you show at the end of last week and I was just driving northbound on the turnpike just out the Griffin road.
It's a huge billboard with your handsome mug on there.
It's nice.
Yeah.
I know you've been crying.
I cannot put one up.
This thing is a real world beer.
That's one thing.
The other thing, Grace Kelly.
I didn't vote last week.
I didn't even know who she was.
That was probably 28 years old.
Turned on a movie one night and I said, that's the best-looking chick I have ever seen in my life.
Yeah, that was 20 years ago.
I still feel that way.
One last thing before I go if you got time.
The next time you're buying dinner for a rimmer,
which is telling that the hockey game is not a baseball game.
And that if he wants to describe, you know, the health problems of the skate sharpener for the Buffalo sabers to hold it to the brakes and the plate.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll pass it along.
Thanks.
Have a good day.
I'll say I hired the beaservorm to five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
See, you're always knocking a river, but he has a like the beaserv.
He had a pron of personal level.
So, see, I'd say for me to say that today because number one they're in the New York for the arranger game that I anyway.
Number two, it's a good day to be seen.
You don't like the beaserv.
I'm not going to lie and say that I don't like him because I've never.
Although I will admit that he was under playing when I came up here and I'd never spoke to him.
He was in he was back with the pions back in coach with his whole family.
Yeah.
And I saw him when he came on a plane.
I'm sitting in my own business and he didn't look at me and I just, you know, it's not like I feel like he's a friend or something that was speak to like a Ray Whitney or like a Paul laws or somebody.
I don't know what I'm saying.
Yeah.
I'll tell you this was the beaserv.
There he goes.
And of course that born again thing is said to turn off to me anyway.
Yeah.
And almost invariably it turns out that people go out of it.
See, I don't mind.
Believe whatever you want.
You know that's the way I feel.
Believe whatever crap you want.
I have no problem with that.
But don't make a big song of the dance about it because then when something like this comes up, it goes to show you that you're no holder than anybody else.
You're just another guy.
That's all with a big mouth.
I'll bet you though.
Yes.
You just go around promising the old people and they're not delivering.
That's why I never know about that.
You never never do know but I do know about some people.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well maybe he can read free at the appease a lot.
Maybe that's part of his problem.
I'll bet you probably could.
He could.
Not today.
Here's a call from Davey.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Ultra right wing fanatic fan here.
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
I want to respond to the guy who was talking about the tort reform.
We've proposed loser pay that he calls it many times.
But trial lawyers and therefore the DNC has said they'll shoot that down a million times.
The non-starter with them.
Great.
We've got to move to the next course of business.
Now everybody would love loser pay but it's just not going to happen.
Where do you go from there?
I say maybe we go from there to having like good doctors would be a good idea.
That's a start.
Yeah.
By the way, an old friend says hi from the Neumarowans games many years ago Eddie.
What's he doing?
The hokey pokey?
I have no idea who that is.
It was the guy on the field back a long time ago Eddie.
There was a doing the hokey pokey and he pointed her mouth or a little saturated with him.
Oh Eddie from the oh yeah.
One of the males here leading guys right?
Here you go.
You have my big kiss for me.
I shall do that.
Okay I'll make you will.
Okay thank you.
Being the right winner that he is probably giving my big kiss on his cheek.
I guess he's not going to be too happy with me that caller that was just on it.
I'm going to read a few pages from Michael Moore's book Stupid White Men and obviously well justified in doing so because we don't have a single call on the board.
No calls about the beasier usually and wouldn't have it resigned from his or minor league hockey coach in gig.
No calls about Mayor Diaz canceling this thing.
No calls about anything on it and it's typical.
It's part for the course because our audience just won't play that game.
I'm thinking that we shouldn't do any more of those polls.
I'm serious.
I mean we put the poll up on the like usually do but we'll just make our own choices.
Okay as opposed to letting these people off the hook it's a disgrace.
It's an embarrassment.
Has anybody called about the adult Clinton thing on 60 minutes last night?
No.
Anybody liked it who didn't like it who agreed with me that it was an embarrassment and a waste of time?
Nothing.
Nobody in this audience has gotten opinion about anything.
I think we're going to start doing a goddamn sports show is what I think.
That's the only hope we got on this show.
We're cursed anyway.
We're doomed thanks to Greg Reed and by the way since I'm talking about Greg Reed and Farby it from me.
I need to defend Mo because that's the last thing.
I'd be the last person in the world to do that.
And I notice again this morning lashing out.
Listen Mo you know the fact that we keep outing your aberrant behavior on the year.
Yeah this is what bothers me.
Things you can keep brow beating all the little people behind the scene and try to get this one fired and that one fired and have it a big solid dance with Doreen there on Friday over at the rail.
And what bothers him is that he just can't get away with it without everybody pointing without certain people like me pointing the spotlight on and saying see.
Look what we're dealing with here. Look what a kind of an asshole we're dealing with here.
Somebody was incapable of working and functioning in a setting of other people.
But that having been said.
You know the fact that Greg Reed continues to use very jackass is his programming mouthpiece.
I talked about this fact when he did it to the first team.
It was unacceptable then it's unacceptable now.
It's unbelievable.
If you don't like what you got on there change it.
Or go to the guy and tell him to his face don't keep like ripping everybody and ass in the media and that's what he does.
That's what he always does.
Has he ever had anything good to say about any of us in print in the media in very jackass.
I'm thinking well put your thinking cap on.
And let's hear the time that Greg Reed ever went to the news media and said well I'll tell you we sure have made a lot of money on those big neo-rodgers numbers or Hank Goldberg sure.
You know he's like a Mr Sports in America and anything at all nothing.
It's always a knock it's always a rip and it's always through his little mouthpiece buried jackass.
I wouldn't be surprised if the two of them are like sharing a bloat sandwich together out of the same brown sack.
That buries mommy packed for him in the morning as she drove him to work at the Harold.
941 you know something what a segue.
It's just amazing how I fall into these things.
Yeah.
There he's got his little brown sack and you should have your little black sack.
Balance for life coming up right now what an unbelievable falling into a pile of.
Speaking of a pile of crap the beast has lost over 50 pounds now he came in and finally waited on Friday.
What was it 229?
229.
He's lost 55 pounds I guarantee you guarantee because the load that he ever was before was 228 we got him down to at one point before he went off the wagon.
I guarantee when it comes in this Friday to weigh in he'll be at his all time low approaching 60 pounds lost and balance for life.
And you ought to be doing the same thing too instead of those fat diets those quackeries those dangerous pills like a fed refer example which can kill you.
With balance for life they do all the work for you based on the zone diet they figure it all out so there's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries just great results.
Nothing to count no calories no carbohydrates to count only choice you make is between two alternatives for each meal every day that you run a program.
They give you the little menu you pick up for each meal and that's it and they bring you a little black sack with three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks right to your doorstep by six o'clock in the morning to your home.
Your work wherever you want it in there's all the food you need for the entire day and the weight will pour off your body it's all fresh and delicious to nothing frozen no chemicals no additives no prefabricated crap so let balance for life once and for all
you lose that weight that will only make you look better but a lot healthier to call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check out their website at balance for life dot com.
I'm bangin the butt honey.
In light of France's blatant disregard for all things American this radio station invites you to join us in the boycott of the following people places and things.
French fries French is mustard French poodles French toast Mr. French French kissing them mandatory French knots Frenchy from Greece chicken Frenches chicken cordum blue French dressing cuisol bouvieres
French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-speaking French-
I know what it is. It's the microphone in Tommy's little room. I cut that spot in there on Tommy's equipment. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't get a chance to respond to this jerk that called about about 1080. Uh-huh. I'd like to set the record straight. Go right ahead. Take all the time you want. 1080 is a paradigm. The temperature is perfect. How are you? How are you? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a small. It's like a big small pound. It's kind of hard to describe. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard it's loaded with Semen. Who? Semen.
I'm just saying it's a big naval author.
I'm sure it is, that's true, but I just want to say,
compared to LA, which I used to live there too,
I wish I wouldn't send you a vehicle right now.
The other related thing I must say is...
Is what?
You're coming out of there.
I would say what you say, you're cut out, what is it?
I'm sorry, the marriage is overrated.
Oh.
I think people aren't getting married all the time.
And what are you thinking you idiot you?
Right, you idiot is right.
Oh my god.
I did it.
Oh well, whatever.
Oh, Neil, we love you.
Keep it up.
Okay, see you in San Diego.
Okay, and this business about gay marriages,
I'm gonna see, it's one thing to have the equal rights
and all of that other crap, but as far as why would anybody want to get married
in the first place?
Exactly, I haven't said that for years.
Down was down 69, I'm not making up that number,
and the NASDAQ is down, yeah, right at the moment for that guy.
I wanted me to give the numbers out.
I don't want to get you too depressed, especially when I read that a few pages,
Michael Moore's stupid white men, which I'm very late getting around reading that,
and it's a little bit outdated because it was written right before 9-11,
but what a, it's just so perfect.
Now, I got sucked in, I'll admit that.
Here's the facts before I get to that one.
It's just today is the third anniversary of the top of the stock market.
Happy anniversary, NASDAQ is what it's at.
Yeah, the NASDAQ was 5100, now it's 1300.
Got it?
Got it.
Which means you lost 38 points, you do the math.
Here's one of our regular factors in West Palm, which says,
and he's right, regarding your pull over the weekend,
I assume Britney Spears was not on there due to the fact that nothing,
a movie star actress, but why, and then this is right,
and I let myself get sucked.
I got sucked right in.
Why, and hell was Jackie Johnson on there, a babe that reads on TV?
She's a weather-brotch, he's not an actress.
Yeah, some of us thought as much.
What?
We had a big thing and you shut me down and told me I was an idiot
because I kept making that point.
Not on Jackie Johnson, other people.
You said, actress in the question and then you decided that if they're on TV,
that's good enough.
No, it was not.
No, no, no, in fact, we even took off what's her name, the VJ.
We did?
Yeah.
Who?
What VJ.
What the hell's her name?
I don't know, we left, didn't we have what's her name on there?
I remember we took somebody off a camera.
Daisy Fuentess?
One, ten.
Daisy Fuentess, there it is.
We took her off there for that very same reason because she's not an actress.
So we apologize for putting Jackie Johnson on her.
She gets enough republished to be anyway, okay?
She's got some freaking nerve invading our poll of beautiful actresses.
It says this weekend, I turned into QAM and heard Josh Friedman
and he actually wasn't that bad.
I'd like to hear him in the morning with Mo.
Oh, he'd like to hear him in the morning with Mo.
He sounds like he may stand up for himself.
Yeah, he'd stand up for himself once on that show.
Again, this was the first time I heard Josh on his own show.
How do you think he'd do with Mo and Gildy?
Plus, it says PS12 Days to War.
Another amateur program director out there.
I'm not making any comments about that morning show.
It speaks for itself, okay?
And then the idea that this guy's talking about, wow, you know, certain people.
What does he call them?
What does he call them?
The backstabbing, he's got some word they use.
And the rodents, whatever the hell we are, everybody else.
See, I hate to break the news to him, oh, but it's you against the world of QAM.
Because everybody in building hits you like poison.
You can try to pretend it's me, it's me in George, it's me in a couple of other people.
It's everybody despises you like poison.
So you can come on and put on your big, friendly, Mr. Hot Shot play by play guy.
You can put that phony baloney on for everybody in the world
and you're not fooling too many people, okay?
You're certainly not fooling anybody inside the building.
And any crap that you get from any of us believe you, me, on the one guy in the station
that's got the balls to say, you brought it on yourself by your own behavior
and your own obnoxious arrogant attitude, okay?
I did it.
Yeah, you done it.
Here's an article, somebody faxes it says, what is Florida doing to reduce medical errors?
Inadequate doctor discipline by state medical boards, it says since 19, let's see,
since these stats started in September 1990, 5.1% of the doctors in the U.S.
account for 54.2% of the number of malpractice payouts.
You following that?
No.
5.1% of the doctors in the U.S. account for 54.2% of the number of malpractice payouts,
only 7.6% one out of 13 of those doctors who have had two or more malpractice payouts
against them have been disciplined in the last 12 years.
So if they clean up their own house, if they give the butchers in their own backyard,
then you know, and the same with the lawyers are the same, but nobody wants to do that.
It's like a fraternity.
Nobody wants to say Dr. Schmanderer over there, he killed 15 people this month,
and he's a danger and he's on drugs and he's like a psychotic and booze and whatever.
Nobody wants to do that.
So that's what you get.
Speaking of Brittany, by the way, I'll be better take a call or two, don't we?
If you want to have this, I have this Brittany and Fred Durst's story,
which makes me even sicker than the one about Justin thinker Bell.
Here's Lake Worth, hello.
Hey Neil, what?
Yes sir.
John Lee is.
Hey, I saw the doll and Clinton.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, it was, with so over scripted, it didn't even seem real.
It's the fact that they weren't even sitting in the same room together.
It just didn't have any impact at all.
The only thing that I did get out of it is in looking at Clinton,
I just kept paying to myself over and over, man, do I miss this guy?
Well, I mean, we consider and say that all day.
Yeah, and we're all at the point and at the fact that the matter is,
here he was on a worldwide TV on CBS last night,
the whole thing was like limpize, went noodle, man, it was pathetic.
It was, but I think they are going to have their own show together, correct?
Who said that?
I believe that it's going to be a regular show, Clinton and Doll,
and then one week they're going to call it Clinton Doll and the next one is a doll.
No, no, it's not going to be a show.
What you see is what you get, it's going to be, there are going to be ten of those.
It's not a show.
It's going to be on the tail end of 60 minutes.
It's going to be in the middle at 730 or whenever like they did last night.
And on the show, it's just a 60 seconds apiece, it's a two minute deal.
Okay, and on this van B's work thing, like you said,
these religious people, they just hit the crypts,
because anybody that's a believer in the Lord and all this other jazz,
they don't come out and they don't say things like that.
They don't.
The hell they don't.
No, no, no, no, I'm saying they're not supposed to come out and I forgive me.
I did not supposed to come out and say things like that.
And that's just another one of the hypocrisies with these people that are just these, these by the way.
Okay, John, have a great day.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the 18th,
TNT of Horizon Wireless Line.
I mean, you know, it just wears me out.
Well, there's, you know, great.
We wish a lot of us wished that he were still in there.
And I'm one of those people.
But how long can he keep saying that, you know?
And the hand is 60 seconds of start of their last night.
He in one hand and Bob.
And it just was, it was, it was limped.
It went over like a guy.
They impregnant pull-water in the middle of Haiti's man.
It sucked.
It blew.
It was, it was, I mean, what's anybody?
See, and this is TV again with the sound bites, you know?
And off the bottom line is it does bite.
It's garbage.
This is from the globe.
So it might be true.
Oops, she did it.
It says Britney Spears should be read faced over what rocker Fred Durst is singing.
He claims in a new song that they went all the way.
Limp Biscuit, frontman, Durst says the pop princess who repeatedly insists she's a virgin
and even the noise knowing him is definitely not a sweet innocent girl.
All right.
In a new tune for his upcoming album by Polar, Fred Wales,
aint it Britney scared to admit it very first night made the Limp dog hit it.
The 31-year-old tattooed Durst says he wasn't going to kiss and tell,
but he had to set the record straight for his fans.
After she began denying they had a relationship saying, I don't know him.
Durst says the romance heated up after he agreed to do several songs with the 21-year-old beauty.
Following a two-day recording session in LA studio he wrote a renault saying, I think you're cool.
I think you're really sweet.
He claims she returned to the studio with her cousins at 3am, dressed in a see-through shirt and jeans and told him,
I want you to come out and hang out with me.
We all went back to her house in the hills.
He told Radio Shock, Jack Howard Stern.
She covers up a lot of things.
She's definitely not the sweet little innocent.
But Britney's reptiles globe, they didn't do it and accuses the rock star making similar claims.
After he once performed with Christine Aguilera.
By the way, have you seen Christine Aguilera's new video?
Which one?
The one with the ugly people in it?
The one with all the fags in it.
All the guys kissing and all the, uh, then, uh...
Wow, what is that all about?
I know what it's all about.
Once again, Fred's playing Kiss and Tell the Reps as only Fred's doing a lot more telling than he ever did kissing.
Meanwhile, Durst rhymes with Worst.
In CIS, he's only speaking out now because Britney's now the relationship embarrassed him.
I had to defend myself. He says, he should have said he's cool.
He's not really my type, but that's all I want to say.
Well, if he's not her type, then I'll come see you screw him.
All the rest, huh?
So, I got news for you, Britney.
She needs to get some goddamn Aguilera reading glasses or some kind of goddamn visual aids.
This bitch, what the hell is wrong with her?
Justin Tinkerbell and the obnoxious, the anxious Fred Durst.
Oh my god, if she can't do better than that.
See, I was thinking about a really interesting pull question for one of these days coming up.
But certainly not today.
Look at that phone. Is that exciting or what?
Huh? Well, you're going to get to those bedtime stories or at least that book.
Oh, I look, I listen to pathetic.
This is typical of what this show has become unless they're going to call and say one or two words on a pull.
They can't call in and they say that they hate that.
But anyway, the pull might pull like, well, if you could be one person in the world, who would it be?
Man, I'm thinking I'd like to be Britney Spears.
You following my logic there?
I understand your logic.
Oh man.
And I guarantee I wouldn't have Fred Durst or Justin Tinkerbell standing online at my door.
I'll guarantee you that.
958 at 560 WDQM.
Hey, homeowners, there's there anything worse than venturing out in the backyard for a nice swim.
Looking at that once beautiful pull, you're saying, holy crap, what happened here?
It's stained, it's dirty, it might be cracking.
But you don't have to look at that mess any more.
Just say no more ugly pull and call our friends at Atlantic Marseille.
These guys aren't pull guys who run a cleaning service.
They're a real construction company uses full-time employees, not subcontractors, not a couple of illegal aliens out of the back of a pickup truck.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pull business, Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years.
They're licensed and insured professionals.
They've been trained other companies internationally on how to do diamond brighting.
And you get the same price that they give the contractors.
They serve North Miami, Browden, Palm Beach, so-called Atlantic Marseille.
They're the largest in scholars at Diamond Bright in South Florida.
They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate.
They also do pull and decorations, custom lighting, pull heating and exotic water features too.
For the best in the universe called Atlantic Marseille Tool-free, 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883-Diamond Bright, do it right, because Diamond Bright be a pool's best friend.
I can move.
Is this which way you like to swim?
You way up.
Back, Alex Bennett for gosh sake.
Do yourself a favor, will you pal?
Ow!
In the shocking season finale, Evan Marriott, aka Joe Millionaire,
made his final decision and selected Zora to be his beloved.
Then the twist.
The Butler-Paul Hogan presented a couple with a check for $1 million.
But that's not the end of it.
There's another twist.
Not revealed on national television.
The million dollars given to the couple actually belong to a Colombian drug cartel.
And they wanted back.
Cheekle.
Where's my million dollars?
Matt and Rich Kid hasn't.
One Rich Kid.
It's your millionaire.
Who?
Your millionaire.
He's still from me.
Yes.
From me.
Yes.
Are you kidding me?
No.
I want that money back, Cheekle.
Am I going to get a bag?
Car is throw, Cheekle.
A whole truck?
And nothing but the truck.
So, how may God?
Evan and Zora are running for their lives.
But that's not the end of it.
There's another twist.
The money that Fox stole from the Colombian drug cartel was apparently stolen originally from a Jamaican crime syndicate.
And they wanted back.
Zigi was the money mug.
The Jomeenair got in mind.
Man, I'm on.
We gave it to the Colombian drug cartel as a loan man.
Get it back from them.
The millionaire can't got it.
From the TV show.
Yeah.
What's the kid doing with my million dollars?
You're born for God, man.
Well, he fell in love with Zora.
I'm starting at the money dollar.
Tell me about that, man.
I'm going to get the money back, man.
I've got weed to make.
Okay.
Cut his trolled, man.
The whole throw.
And nothing but the troll.
So, how may God?
But wait.
There's another twist.
Evan and Zora are really brother and sister.
Yay!
But not just any brother and sister.
What a twist.
We're the osman.
I'm a little bit too.
You're the only man that's getting married.
It's my favorite.
I love it.
1003 at 560.
WQ.
I'm happy Monday too.
You've got a couple of calls on here.
Not too much.
Don't want to overdo it here.
Do we?
No.
And again, our website's all screwed up today.
So, we've got to go back to this.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Thank you for not doing a poll.
Oh, God.
Here's Volca.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, someone sent me a Josh Sprayman.
And I hear him on the radio.
You know, I don't know.
Your phone is, uh, your phone is marching.
What happens to the crow?
I'll make it short.
I don't know what happens to the crow.
What do you mean what happened to him?
I hate it.
Neil, I'll fix that with a top phone.
Yeah, get a phone that works and I'll be able to talk to you.
Okay?
That, yeah, yeah.
You know, crow.
I liked that one.
Yeah.
What is the crow have to do with anything?
First of all, we don't have another Hank is on 3 to 7.
We don't have the ability to have somebody on between 6 and 6.
30 in addition to which he doesn't belong on a year anyway.
And anybody with two ears or even one ear working,
even rush when he was deaf could tell you that.
But nevertheless, if you like the crow,
I'll give you this home number.
You can do a little, uh, you know, back and forth.
That's it.
That's our calls for the day 5667-0560,
pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's the facts from Gillon Homestow.
He's become really chronic, but has a good point.
He says Mr. D.S. hasn't been a coyotulately.
Many young thugs.
Now, for why has he got to say thugs?
Many young punks smoked dope,
sell dope and touch women right in front of Miami's finest.
But yet he won't dare to try to cancel coyotul.
But he's trying to cancel the concert at the end of the month over drug use.
Drugs are partly banana republic.
Live with it or move says Gillon Homestow.
Ah!
You're not mayor D.S. you idiot.
You goofball.
And not even young punks too.
How about just, uh, normal people?
How about any punk?
How about anybody out there that feels, uh, you know,
you can go almost any city in the world.
And a festival where there are like thousands or hundreds of thousands of people,
little on a million people like coyotul.
And there's going to be people smoking little number and whatever they're doing.
And they're having a good time.
And that's what it's all about.
Who gives a crap?
Well, everything that's going on in the world today,
this is what he, the worst he's got to worry about,
is some people are going to be smoking little dope.
If they had a rock concert, wow.
What a concept, Mr. Mayor.
I think bringing up his counter-fitting son every time he, uh, does something like this is, uh,
you're really good measure, yeah?
Yeah, probably got a few twenties.
I wish.
5-6-7-05-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Um, but your first caller said he was ultra white, right wing?
Yeah.
That would be like, you are W.
I beg your pardon?
That would be you are W.
You are W. Bush.
Whatever.
There's a default in my U.R.L. strings.
Oh, God.
5-6-7-05-60, like I said,
when they give it to the book.
Come on, book.
I got the books in the right here.
And you wonder why I got rid of phone calls on this show?
Oh, no, that's the worst thing we ever heard.
We don't want to hear you're reading on here,
and you'll have those bedtime stories.
No, but they have nothing to say.
I certainly put all the stuff out there on a plate,
and I guess all my good hockey fans out there,
they must have called Mo this morning.
I don't hear that much of his show, thank God.
They must have called Mo and got that out of their system about the Beezer,
using the N-word and Havitor Resign as job as the minor league hockey coach.
Both of them did.
The good board again, Beezer.
Huh? Right, both of them did.
Have we got one call about that?
No.
No.
Fuck here.
Who gives a grab?
5-6-7-05-60,
Palm 5-60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want to tell you, I've been out here for some years now,
from up in New York,
just driving a 95-South San-O,
and I see that new billboard with your photo.
Yes, that's where you're going to do it, man.
I'm going to call letters,
and I just throw a grunt at you guys in my car radio.
Glad I've found you.
I've heard a lot about you.
I wasn't able to find you on the radio.
Are you serious in other words,
we got a new listener because of the billboard?
Yes, sir.
Oh, right.
Oh, God, you've almost made my day, sir,
even if I get no other call the whole day,
you made my life.
Well, you know, it's a great spot,
or I think it's in Hollywood.
Yeah.
95-Southbound.
Can't miss it.
Excellent, hey.
Thanks a lot, pal.
All right, well, hey, thanks a lot, take care.
Then you too.
There you go.
We got one QIM.
We are radio-ish.
We build our audience one at a time,
and there's one.
Remember those glory days when we used to have an audience?
Yeah.
When we used to be on 10-2,
when we used to have a lead-in.
When we used to work for people
that like showed even a minor appreciation
of what hell was going on on a whole radio station
as opposed to, well, I'm not satisfied.
I'm not happy with this, and I'm not happy with that.
You know something, Greg, that's what happens
when you're like a pampered little child, you know?
That has this sense of entitlement,
like everybody's supposed to cater to your needs and your whims.
You screwed it up, baby, like I told you
when he was right there in the studio on my anniversary
on March, on February 28,
whatever the hell it was two weeks ago.
Told him right there to his push when he went running out the door.
And by the way, he still hasn't paid Norm his money.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Still, as of this moment, hasn't paid him money, Osam.
Here's a company, ladies and gentlemen,
that's listed on the NASDAQ, BBGI, Beasley.
And also there's a rumor going around
at Maddog is getting ready to sue them too.
Really?
Have you heard that?
Nope.
That's what I heard.
Either is considering or was considering
because you can't collect all the money they own.
Pay your bills, baby.
Pay your freaking bills.
Take care of your people.
Stop using very jackasses of mouthpiece
to rip everybody in ass.
That's my suggestion, Greg.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Hello. How you doing?
Okay.
I'm from Chicago.
I'm the first time listening to your show.
It's a great show.
Is it really?
Yeah.
You're the only man on the media
who's talked about the Israeli connection
to this whole invasion in Iraq.
When did I talk about the Israeli connection
to the invasion in Iraq?
When did I say that?
Last week.
Oh.
Yeah?
You're the only person.
Why is this such a big secret?
Well, do you think it's a secret?
I think it's a big secret.
No one's ever wants free to touch this issue.
Yeah, but have you forgotten that he gasped his own people
even though it was 20 years ago?
Oh, I know that.
I know that.
But the other time I was standing there
shaking his hand the days after it happened.
Exactly.
But what about all these people
or surrounding Bush who have this agenda for this war?
You notice how they tried it them all out yesterday
and all the talking he had shows?
There was Colin Powell on Eat the Press
and then they had Richard Pearl on there
on with Wolf Blitzkrieg yesterday.
He is the worst Richard Pearl of all of them.
He is the most glib, the most just obnoxious,
disgusting piece of third who looks down as knows
that anybody who dares to disagree with him.
Well, I know, but no one talks about this connection.
You're the only guy.
Okay, well, you just got through saying that three times.
Thank you.
Hmm.
Do you think you had a point there?
Hey, Neil.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And no matter what I would have said,
I could have gone out for three minutes
and would have come back and said,
you're the only one who talks to him.
Hmm.
Oh, maybe we know why now, too.
Maybe it draws out people like you.
Here's Evan Chura. Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Wait a minute.
Can you play the George tapes, please?
Oh, back again.
Could you play the George tapes, please?
Now we got a new one.
In addition to the Apple guy,
we got this one every day.
5, 6, 7, only one George gets his nasal passage
and just cleaned out and he can do the show like he did that spot.
Or maybe we can use Tommy's microphone.
Then we'll play the George tapes.
That's next week, by the way, sir.
You'll be very pleased that I'll be on vacation
all week next week.
So you can squeeze yourself starting right now.
Oh, thank God.
Thank God we got the George tapes.
We need a little eating ass and Palestinian sucking next week.
What I leave out.
You're going to do what?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
You lost your audience.
Yeah. There is another one.
There's another regular every day.
Let's see.
We got the...
Thanks for not doing a poll today.
Put on the George tapes and you lost your audience.
This is our audience.
This is our colors.
The credit card that's discovered with the Billboard Discovered Art Show.
This is what we've had.
27 years of, sir.
27 years of...
Little, little, little assholes.
That's what we got.
Keep them coming, baby.
This is a substitute for anything of substance,
for anything to say about anything they can't do that.
So let's take the shot.
Take your best shot.
Go right ahead.
Have a good time today.
It doesn't give me a...
In fact, you know what today is?
What's today?
It's the payday.
Oh.
Have you seen clearance?
No.
How about Carlos?
There you got your paycheck yet?
What do you laugh about, nervous laugh?
Payday.
Kind of a freaking program director is that?
That doesn't walk into what a big spot on his face says.
Nice job, Carlos.
Here's your check.
And tell Neil his check was mailed on Friday.
It'll be in his box at home right now as I speak.
Where the hell is our clearance?
Can't flame him.
You know what he's probably busy with?
Oh, I have an eye on...
Sports.
That's it.
Sports.
Probably doing water sports.
12 minutes after 10 at 5, 16 WQM.
You're still reluctant about buying a bed over the phone.
Do the smart thing for once in your life.
Don't go out there and waste all your money.
Shopping around, schlepping from department store to bedding store and getting ripped off.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now.
You'll have a great night's sleep from dollar mattress.
Take it from me.
I've been using them for years.
Just one easy phone call.
You sit there right on your lazy ass.
And they'll be there not going on you during no time at all.
And they got the best mattresses in the world.
They got C. Lee's, C. Lee's, C. Lee's, King Corl, their recise and style.
They're ranked number one in the universe in customer satisfaction.
And dollar mattress gets more repeat and referral customers than anybody else
because they know how to treat you right.
Once you buy from dollar mattress, you'll never go back to the old showroom
and that old way of buying a mattress again.
And don't forget when you do buy a mattress from dollar mattress.
They'll take away the crappy smelly old soil bedding
and set up the brand new one for you for free.
That's right.
Dollar mattress takes away the old worn out bedding
and sets you up your brand new one for free.
So make the call right now to dollar mattress.
You'll be sleeping great starting tonight.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for dollar mattress.
The easiest possible way to buy you a great new bed.
Buy in local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You ain't. You ain't.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story,
we take a good, hard, stiff look and a start.
Rocket Billy was a style of music long thought bed until they were vided.
They're by giving it the chance to die again.
They were the stray cats.
Rocket down, rocket inside out.
We hit it big because we made this very pure type of music.
You know, right in the middle of the 80s new wave stuff.
Well, that had we had these seriously f**ked up pompadour hairdos.
The stray cats struggled to gain an audience until they opened for the Rolling Stones in 1981.
In a recent VH1 interview, Mick Jagger remembers.
Oh yeah, right, 1981.
Yeah, right.
Great band.
The runaway pussy's event never cooled.
Stray cats.
What?
They were called these stray cats.
Oh, well, having made such a deep impression on the Rolling Stones, the runaway pussy, uh,
the stray cats were poised on the very brink of having a hair too and then dropping off the freaking radar.
It's hard to describe that feeling.
To know you're going to make this incredibly minor impact and then just sort of go away.
What a rush.
The stray cats.
Okay, so Brian Satcher had another hit in the 90s with Jump Giant of Will.
But only weirdo swing dance losers were into it.
God, remember those freaks?
It's a big, juicy sobbing wet look at show business.
Tonight, on Inside Divine.
1018 at 560 WQAM 567 0560.
Pound 560.
It's our festival of hate from South Florida.
You can smell it in the air.
Just crack the window and all the way here in Toronto.
You can smell it.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I've been able to get there.
I saw your, uh, your billboard this morning, finally on the way to look.
I've been looking for it up and down 95 like crazy.
Yeah.
It's, uh, it's someone who's rotating, uh, billboard signs.
And I barely caught it like I saw your picture real quick.
And also it turned.
I was like, oh, this is, uh, this billboard's finally.
Yeah, well, they don't want to keep it on her too long.
They figure people are forced to look at my face for more than like five or ten seconds.
It's going to grab them off the road.
Yeah, I thought, you know, I was, been looking for it like crazy.
I finally saw it.
Well, why do you keep saying that?
Why have you been looking for it like crazy?
Well, because you've been talking about it.
Where is it? Where is it?
And I've been looking for it for you.
It's right off the, uh, the exit off 95 on to, uh, Pabrik Road.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, well, I think I could give a flying crab, but that's the thing that amuses me the most
about the evil doers in South Florida, the hateful despair is, you know, the usual
South Florida hospitality is they think that they're really, uh, disturbing you in, and that
couldn't care less.
Nobody could care less with a brain except the course in the morning.
That was the show your psychic connection again.
What's that?
You said, keep it common.
Guess what KC song I had chewed up for today.
Couldn't have been keep it coming.
It's work, work.
Get that clean off of it.
OK, will you?
My good close personal friend, Harry. Looking pretty bad, by the way, Harry.
Aren't we all? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Oh, good morning. Good morning.
You really must not have any calls. I got right in.
No, not too many.
I want to talk about two things. First off, I happen to be at somebody's house this weekend.
Picked up the sports-elic-strated swimsuit issue, which I never would have looked at.
Yeah.
In the middle, there's this really great half-naked picture of Vincent Macavallier.
Really?
Yeah. We should at least look at it. Barrel, Barrel, Joe.
No, he don't do anything for me.
It's, he's not bad. I have to say. I've never seen him with his uniform.
I'm awesome. He's like...
I'd rather see Brad Richards naked if I'm going to look at naked the Tampa Bay Lightning players.
Okay. I'll go with that.
The other thing is, you have to be...
Maybe you're in Gabi from... Go ahead.
To have him catch the story about the guy who kicked his son's puppy as a golden tree,
but puppy to death in front of the six-year-old.
So he got charged with child abuse as well as animal cruelty.
Where was this?
This was in Miami.
Ah!
It was in the paper. It was in the Harold and the local section on Saturday.
It happened February 21st.
Apparently, the guy came home and the puppy had chewed a hole in the garden hose.
So he wrapped the hose around the dog's neck, choking him, and kicking him to death in front of the six-year-old while the kids standing there screaming.
I'd like to pull a switch and ask some of a bitch. I'll tell you right now.
Oh, this... That's why I love to watch animal precinct on the...
What is it? The animal planet or whatever that is?
Because at the end of the show, everybody gets arrested and taken away on handcuffs.
Good.
It's wonderful. I love your show. I haven't seen your billboard yet, but Dalga looks for it.
Well, go look for it like crazy.
I sure will.
Oh, okay.
Thanks for the bad news. Isn't that nice, huh?
Yeah.
Puppy killers in South Florida. What did I tell you?
I'm not saying that it's only in South Florida, but boy, we sure have more than our usual share.
In fact, there's some Michael Moore book when he starts talking about the election and about Jeb Bush and the whole Florida business.
I'll get into it in a little bit.
We had to warm it up with some really good calls, though, first.
What are you laughing about, mister?
Can we hear the George tape? You're losing your audience!
Thanks for not doing a pull.
I mean, it's the same five people. That's what we got. Let's put them in a goddamn room with the holiday in.
It's a lot cheaper than doing all this semester we're doing here with all this electronic crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. They don't care about the beasue. They have no idea who that is, first of all.
They couldn't care less about 60 minutes or Bill Clinton or what's his name? Bobby with a bad hand doll.
They don't care about many D. As is the fact that he's trying to unplug this damn show that they've spent already $600,000 on.
And thousands and thousands and thousands of people are planning on coming on March 22, Miami,
because he's afraid there might be some drug use is there. And because I guess he's appointed himself and I was dictated
or public morality. They don't give a crap. Get your own house and order, Manny.
That's right. Unless he wants to share with us. You know, I just could share with us the use of the printing press.
Yeah, but he got to like increase the quality a little bit. I don't want to get busted.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey, Manny, how you doing? All right. I wasn't looking pretty billboard by accidentally.
Good. Good. Don't be looking like crazy for it. People say you have no life.
Just want to add a curiosity and this has nothing to do with your show, but you still carry yourself or do something with your best stuff.
Did you do anything with 2000? Sorry. I was out of the country last year.
No. No. Are you planning on anything for this year?
No, we're surrounded by too many lazy people that don't want to be bothered with the work.
So we can't do it. Well, yeah, we raised a lot of money for charity and it sure helped promote the show a lot, but I just don't have the people are willing to do it.
If I could volunteer my donate my services in any way possible, I'd love to because I first of all, I don't mind the money going to charity.
And secondly, you have some great stuff on the last couple of CDs, 2001, and it's just the shame.
Yeah, I agree with you. It is the shame, but that's the QAMF and Wayman. We do as you had a bunch of lazy people that don't want to be involved. Too much work.
Yeah. All right. Thank you, Neil. Thank you. See, everybody's bringing up all this unpleasant stuff today. It's one of those things.
A lot of people, oh, we don't want to do that. He's not doing that this year. Is he? You know what I mean, Carlos?
He's busy. He's on the phone. What do you mean he's busy? He's busy. He's not busy. What's important in there? So you're not teaching him right?
Okay, you're not teaching him crap. In fact, you aren't teaching him crap. He thinks the whole thing is the bedtime stories and go out and smoke a couple of faggots in a hallway out there outside with the, what's your name with the water Nazi? And that's it.
He's been answering all these great calls that have been coming in. Yeah, give me a break, great calls. What year is that going to be?
This is the beginning of 28 years on the year in his God for second place. It's never been any different. Only the demographic has been different.
Hello, now. That's all that changed. Nothing else ever changed. Here's Miami. Hello. Come down here, 20 seconds.
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Yeah, hi. I know and I want to respond to the Nazi from Chicago as a Jew from Chicago.
So, been here 30 years, I think it's time to transfer the dust into savages to, uh, okay, great. Well, I'll tell you what, we'll give you his phone number and the two of you can do it out, okay?
That guy called last week with exactly the same thing. You're the only one who wants to talk about that and he keeps repeating the same thing and you're going to dignify him with a response. Forget about him, okay? Forget about it.
And get rid of the settlements to why you're at it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it. And not only is that make me nauseous, but now we've got the right wing Jew of the day on television yesterday ahead of debate between two Jews.
One of his name was Solomon who was against the war and the other guy is real. What the David something or other? Another Jew who's another one of these right wing Jews who's talking about well, you're spewing at left coast propaganda.
And as soon as you hear left coast, you know exactly where they're coming from. Yeah, you know what you're dealing with. But they just and of course Richard Pearl is on air another one and wolf.
What did they find all these self hating Jews anyway? I got a clue and not to mention of course, area the ferry.
I mean, it was long as we're playing. You know what I'm saying? Not often enough.
A little preview. 26 after 10 at 5 60 W to Q. A. M. You know, for years, I've been telling you about health benefits of only a minute now. I'm taking it myself. I'm popping the only mid for blood pressure.
My pussy every day and my blood pressure is great, by the way. It's quite of this show because this stuff really works. Only a mid soft.
It feels contained pharmaceutical grade olive oil not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated and loaded with health benefits.
Olium that every day can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus there are 14 different olium ed formula.
You can choose from each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific health needs.
From bones to blood pressure to your immune system, just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you be needing.
Now there are three new olium ed formulas. One to help you sleep, but I'll help you control your weight and coq 10, which I keep telling you now.
Right is damn important for your heart. You'll find olium ed at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Foods, markets, Navarro, and Sadanos order it online if you like it.
If you want to get more information about their products, I want to do free a call 1-866 olium ed.
That's 1-866-65366333. Start popping some olium ed in your purse today.
My life and look all this is for trade ol' by city.
Way to way.
That ends dumb as dirt.
You're welcome. 10-31-560. I'm not giving up on bratwurst by the way. Here's a lady in Pemmer Pines. Hello?
Is it Manorong-Roy?
You work well. I'll be damned. Like I said, here's this. Why is it keep doing that? Because I keep punching the same line.
Yeah, here she is. Hello.
Hi. Yes, man.
As an avid hockey fan that I know you are and I've always taken what you had to say with knowing the knowledge you have, I would like to know,
after what Bees has said and after the apology, do you think that this man has a chance of a job in hockey ever again?
No.
That's a shame because of the fact that he's a goalie and a good one and has knowledge of hockey.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. First of all, he hasn't played in a couple of years. He's not a coach now. He's not a goalie anymore. He's not a player.
Right, but he still can teach hockey, can he? That isn't that what a coach does.
Yeah, but you're asking me is he got a chance of having a job in hockey again and I'm telling you know because nobody's going to hire him.
And I'm saying I agree with you.
Right. Well, I don't care whether you agree or not. I'm answering your question. I'm just telling you the answer is no. He's not going to get hired again.
I could have said though. I think it's sad because many people have made racial flares and yet still have a hold onto their jobs.
Not too many of a position like that. That when you're coaching a bunch of people and behind their back you tell the rest of the team this nigger to this and this nigger to that and you're making racial statements like that.
You're right. Except that when it's done with the left and it's better.
What does that mean?
Meaning that when when Tiger Williams was first gotten this jacket didn't trust you or whatever it means say oh now we could serve chicken and watermelod but he left.
Yeah.
And so that was okay.
Then that was a joke. He wasn't the van Beesberg wasn't joking.
No, I know that, but I'm saying he's a pilot.
Look, everything when it comes down to language it all depends on the usage on the intent.
Okay. And there are people who call each other nigger all the time.
Right kids black kids. They're people who use that all the time. That's not a problem.
But when this obviously was using the very derogatory way and he said it over and over again and then he got caught with his words down in addition to being this born again Christian.
It's all going to come back to Bruce. Nobody's going to hire him again. He's going to get blackfold.
Okay, I know you have a knowledge of hockey. Do you remember that there was a player with Philadelphia Quarge?
Larry Sidel?
No, I don't and have a great day. Oh my God.
I mean, she's entitled to her opinion. I'm entitled to mine. I answered a question to why I think he's ever going to get a job at hockey.
And the answer is no. And that's the end of that. That's it. No chance. Bye bye Beeser. Maybe he can become a priest or something a preacher.
We're sure everybody else. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18. Did I answer the question? No answer again. Well, I know hockey.
How about that? Oh, I know, baby. I'm glad Wesley. We'll see.
Here's a call from Davey. Hello. Oh Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you? I'm okay. Hey, thanks for turning me on the small bill. I've been watching it. It's been pretty good lately.
All right. Hey, I wanted to know. Are you familiar with the White House correspondent, Helen Thomas? Sure.
She was on MSNBC pretty recently and she was going through her career. You know, she's fielded questions to nine different presidents.
Oh my God, when she got the W, you wouldn't believe it. He said, do you still stick by what you said about him being the worst president that you've ever seen?
And she said, oh, not only the worst president I've ever seen, but the worst president in the history of our country.
Right. And you'll notice they snubbed her at the first time in history that they snubbed her at the televised press conference.
Yes. Didn't let her answer your question. W won't talk to her now because she told the truth because he can't handle it truth. No, he, no.
And here's an 82 year old woman with a big pair in the Democratic Party. Nobody has a pair to say anything. Right. Absolutely correct.
Isn't it something now about how Pelosi comes out over the weekend and says, oh, well, if the Democrats, if we would have just spoken up back in a fall,
and we wouldn't be going to war right now, we could have avoided all of this. But the fact of the matter is that they didn't.
Well, the only two that have a pair are Kennedy and the old one from West Virginia bird.
There's the only ones that came out and said, listen, the kingmeister had Robert Bruton a couple nights ago. I saw part of that.
I mean, watching a dead man in the chair. I didn't rather watch I'm as you know.
I know it was pretty bad, but at least he was talking about the right thing. It's the wrong word the wrong time. He didn't have a clue what the family was on.
I mean, have a great day. Thank you.
Okay, Robert bird. Have you seen him lately? Not lately. He's been dead for five years and nobody bothered to tell him.
And he was talking about how he would have had some part in a movie or something. And Larry said, did you die in the movie?
And he looked, no, I'm still alive.
I'm serious. He didn't get it. I mean, let's have a lot more strum, thirmin's and Robert birds and Jesse helps and people over the age of 500 in the Senate.
That makes a lot of sense, doesn't it? No. They can relate.
I mean, you talk about a guy who's like lost it so long since, whether you agree or disagree. And keep in mind, he was another one that was giving the goody two shoes, kept the bubble about the Amonica stuff.
Another great line from Monica. Yeah, with her dieting problems. She's finally learned not to put certain things in her mouth.
Oh, is what you saw five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and Verizon wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil, yes, sir. Good morning, sir. How are you doing today? I'm doing okay.
Hey, I passed by that coyote thing yesterday. Miami's finest was definitely not Miami finest. I think it's something where it broke out there.
They would have a hard time just walking behind them. Really? It was really that bad. It was nothing out of hand, but just the police showing there was just terrible.
A bunch of fat guys went to like old guys with like two bell fawn. They probably, they probably live in the hood. They probably do. Yeah. I had to walk from their house where I took coyotes.
So they're going to work that day. Absolutely. They bring any good stuff by. Yeah. They're just like a bad showing trust me. Okay. Thanks. He said they were bad showing. Do you have any anybody's talking about? No. Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T express yourself, baby. Learn to express yourself. Can anybody in that town say something? I don't know. I have no idea what these people are saying. I know I'm enjoying it though. I really don't know what. Oh, there's Jack straw. Yes. Is that we must further increase the pressure on?
This is a sort of a master of playing for time. Do you know that he gasped his own people? Also, I was starting to mention that before about this Jew that they had on yesterday who was this right wing Jew about the left coast. This love coast. And he could they try out the same lines. Oh my God. It's like they got him written on a three by five card about how he gasped his own people. He invaded another country. What is going on here? What has changed in the last 12 years that all of a sudden makes him an imminent threat to this country? Like he's lost.
He's lying about one and we got these smoking gun now this missile. Wow. Yeah. What we do still can't reach us. Couldn't reach it. Are you kidding me? Maybe lucky if he can reach next door they got him so cornered at this point. But oh, that's not good enough because and of course once we get over there and the other guy made a real good argument this debate yesterday. I went with Wolf Blitzkrieg. He said just because of the fact that we're there. That's not the official reason to go always with a Richard Pearl debate. That's who it was. This is just because we're
there now. It doesn't mean that that's justification for going to war because Pearl is saying, well, you know, we can't logistically back away and then come back if he does this. And you know, some other words, we're already there. We're all set up to go to war. We've got our plans and how he's screwing up our plans and whether you like it or not, but I'm being we're going to the argument way back in the beginning is remember we threatened war. Now we can't go back on it because otherwise our threats will be hollow and empty. There you go. And we'll look important. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Neil, yes, sir. We get over there. I just don't picture how you're just going to snap your fingers and find them without, you know, just having to go to every house he's got over there. It's good. I don't think I was going to get in and out without it being a full master. Yeah. No, somebody's got to be thinking ahead. I can't believe that they're just going to go in and and you know, fight basically a urban warfare kind of thing and lose so many guys. They're making it look like it's going to be really
antiseptic. You know, like it's not it's going to be very clean. We're not going to kill too many civilians. I don't know. It's going to happen. Why isn't it going to turn into like you know, get out with the jungle course. That's you know, far as quail. This is how are you going to go in and if you're going to get him. He's not going to just pop up and walk up. You're not right.
You're not going to find him. He's going to be just like Osama, where you're not going to know if he's dead or alive because he's bombed the heck out of everything. You're just not ever going to know. I don't see how it's going to get done right. And I don't I don't feel he's going to have all these guys over there. Not do something. There's no way to just bring him home. I mean, sadly, but that's my good luck to us, man. It's all I can tell you just hope for the best because it didn't look too good. This story from Sky News that we were going to put now that we get these stories on a website or not. Yeah, they're on there. They're on here, but the problem is that most people can't get to
our website. Well, at least that's a start later on in the day. We'll get that straightened out maybe and maybe not soldiers chilling warning this from Sky News in Britain. And Iraqi defectors told Sky News that Saddam Hussein will use chemical weapons if the country's invaded. His warning comes in.
It revelations that he may be planning to use pilotless drone planes to spray British and US troops with anthrax and Syrian gas if they attack in an exclusive interview.
The officer with Saddam's elite Republican guards said use of chemical weapons by Iraq was 100% guaranteed.
The 26 year old soldier defected 10 days ago near the city of something with 400 letters in it in northern Iraq.
He's been guarded in the safe house and said to have provided valuable intelligence to authorities.
A chemical attack is guaranteed. He warned we've been fully provided with complete protection gear gas masks.
First aid kit and injections.
In the 1991 war Saddam Hussein deployed his chemical weapons, but they weren't used.
We are sure about the chemical bombardment said the defector whose identity is being protected.
In the last days, he would use it as the last resort. There you go. Doesn't sound too pretty. Does it?
19 before 11 at 560 W2QM. I noticed that we don't have any copy Troy and also my good friend Steve Wolf over Pompo to Park for a Pompo to Park.
Huh? Do we? I haven't gotten any.
Although we do have come out of the Saturday, March 15. They're going to be given away a vacation trip for two to treasure K resort and marine and abaco in the Bahamas.
That's something big coming up. And of course we got live racing and they still haven't let me know what the March schedule is, but that would be nice.
One of these days Steve Wolf will do that, don't you think? Sure, why not?
I do know that we have racing at least four nights a week during the month of March. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Live harness racing at its best 715 PM. General parking admission is always free at Pompo Park, starting at 715 is post time.
And of course we got Simon casting every day, seven days a week, starting at noon and lasting for the wee hours of the morning.
So if you want to plunge your brains out, this is the place. Pompo, harness located a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
Easy to get to from both I-95 and the Florida turnpike for directions call 9-5-4-972-2000. And don't forget this Saturday, March 15, when a vacation trip for two to treasure K resort and marine and abaco in the Bahamas.
If you get lucky at Pompo, harness.
9-5-4-9-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6
9-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6
6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6
of humbling 27-11-22-10-11-12-23-48-weise breaths 1-24-2-a--the- uphill choose 1-24-12-28-22-1
There is a dream in life in Paris, so he's got again there.
There is a family in his glory in there.
Still painting home over his glory in there.
Home over his glory in there.
Home over his glory in there.
Okay, they want to take up an office pool and we'll pick the date for the day that they tell us we shouldn't be playing it anymore.
There's your next assignment, Mollett, or something to get busy on.
Make a few calls, although I don't think if he's going to be calling up the gay rights groups that he's going to get too much support.
Oh, I'm sorry. Our homophobic morning guy.
Why not?
Our pipe-smoking, a tube-chomping, whatever he calls it.
Look at that. The dow's down over 100 points. The S&P is down 13.
Oi!
Oh my God. Things are looking kind of bad.
Yeah, there'll be the date they'll come.
Oh, you can't play that because you're picking on every fly-shroom and calling him names in the audience.
You'll see. That they'll come.
It might not be quite as hysterical as that, but you'll see.
5, 6, 7, go. I'll tell you we had a little run there for a little bit, didn't we?
A little bit mostly crang.
A little bit of a run. Now we had a few. We had a couple of callers, then we had that one guy.
You're the only one who is real in the Iraq.
He's a call-so-exactly. These people must have written down on three-by-five cars, you know?
They must have been scripted in the second right-winger.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello?
You've lost touch with your audience.
No, you've lost touch with the audience. Again, using other people's material.
Using other people's old-style material. All that time you waited for.
You've lost touch with your audience except for him, of course, who he's still listening and waiting to...
So I can hear the sound of his voice.
Thank you so much.
That was the first time.
Was it really? No.
5, 6, 7, we have no calls anymore.
We have nobody in South Florida with anything to say.
And you see what I'm telling you?
I know.
All last week we faked our way through with those poles. It works like a charm.
They're happy. We're happy because the show goes by like it's 10 minutes.
And that's what the show degenerates to because there is no verbal intercourse in South Florida.
It doesn't exist. They don't have the capacity for it.
Except for a bunch of old Yenthas.
Hello, Randy. I think that the president is doing a wonderful job.
And you should only rot in hell. You miserable bitch you.
Yes, stuff like that.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, what are you talking about?
Here's a lady in Pemberpine. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I just wanted to tell you. You know who Jordana Brewster goes out with?
Who's that?
Darryl Cheater.
Really?
Yeah. Yeah.
And also in teen people this month.
In the very end it has a whole thing about Tom Welling's life.
He was a construction worker and a talent scout found him.
I'll be damned.
Yeah.
That's good looking.
Even when he was really young he was really good looking.
I'm sure that.
Okay, that's all I wanted to tell you.
Well, what a waste of Jordana Brewster. That's already pressing.
Yes. Yes. I agree.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks, bye.
Very jeeter. He looks like he's from another planet.
Have you ever seen him?
Well, that's what I'm asking you for.
Right. I'm sure Carlos has seen him.
Yeah, he does look like an alien.
I mean, you know, I mean, looks isn't everything.
But when you look like she does, I mean, he looks like, yeah, maybe he's an illegal alien
like you guys.
56670560, 0560, 0560.
By the way, Dr. Phil is a scumbag and a deadbeat.
Yeah.
It says even worse than Greg Reed.
It says here. I'll get to that eventually.
I want an arrow Smith.
Arrow Smith. Rocker. Wait till you hear this article about Steve Taller going to the mobile temple
in New York.
Mobile temple.
The mobile synagogue. That's right.
And RV transformed into a place of prayer.
He wandered in and like, open up his big mouth.
We're getting all of that good stuff.
The tabloids are here like two weeks ahead.
Now, what's it a today?
The 10th already. The tabloids for the 18th.
So like a week and a half they hear already.
When you guys are just salivating waiting for something good.
Here's Miami. Hello.
My rule.
Yeah, more on.
Here is a candle. Hello.
Hi, yes, sir.
Hi, Neil. Yes.
I just wanted to say I really like your show.
I've been listening since I've been like 16.
And now I'm doing three.
And I don't really have anything interesting to say today.
I just hope you get different covers than people like me.
Okay, well, then this one.
Okay. Thank you.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
See, let me give you a little instruction again since we're back to this again at least for one day today.
And I don't think we'll be doing this again anytime soon.
There are two things on talk shows that are just as old as Muthuzla.
And they're so try and can try.
I know you know a lot about hockey sucking around and appreciating yourself.
Like I really love your show.
Well, I mean, that's nice.
But I would assume that if you're listening to the show, you probably either like it or you hate it like poison.
There were somewhere in between.
But you'd assume that you like the show.
And nobody cares about that.
It's boring.
As opposed to, hey, how you doing?
And here's what I have to say, which is why the way a real conversation would take place.
On a real talk show, although they're quite frankly aren't any of those anymore.
No, no, seriously, you know what I'm talking about.
I do.
Here's what I have to say.
And then there's the other ones which you've heard many of today.
And that's because they have nothing to say.
Here's let's open up the door for the you suck.
Where's the George tapes?
You've lost your right hand for those people.
So it's either sucking around or taking a cheap shot.
As opposed to having anything of substance.
I said maybe some of that, you know, because I can still smell it.
Yeah.
God.
No, it's never going to change.
I just mentioned it in passing, okay?
Just for your perusal end amusements.
You can have a little chuckle on all the rest of us.
Because you know it's never going to happen.
Right.
I got you down, but I already knew it.
Oh, but how come we don't have C-SPAN in there to talk about these?
Oh, right.
Oh, yeah.
Remember those days?
Sure.
And there were people excoriating me because I wouldn't invite C-SPAN and see an edit come in and sit down on the show so they could listen to the brilliant comments.
A lot of people in South Florida about the things that were going on in the world.
Right.
These are the same people that voted for Pat Buchanan that he's talking about.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, NLA, how you doing?
Okay.
I'm kind of in the middle.
I was just thinking about what about all the other dictators that we got rid of, like Noriega and Hediamen.
And well, we dropped a couple of bombs on Kudapi's head.
Got rid of him fast.
What do you mean we got rid of him?
What do you mean we got rid of him?
What do you mean we got rid of Kudapi?
He's still there.
Well, he's there, but he's been very quiet.
He's not his first part.
Well, since we killed his kids, he kind of quieted down, Laya.
Yeah.
There's a few bombs over his head and that seemed to quiet his ass down, but...
Right.
How do we ever get rid of Hediamen, remember him?
Dada.
Huh?
Hediamen Dada.
Oh, that was Nidada.
That was talking about the guy in Haiti.
I'm talking about the guy in the upper part.
Papa Doc was the guy in Haiti.
Oh, yeah.
Did we ever...
Did we go to U1 for that and go through all that for...
Yeah, but that was just a little...
That was just a little exercise.
That was where our sphere of influence sets in the Western Hemisphere.
So we just got rid of him with like that.
Just like Panama was in our...
Yeah, Laya has been worked out too good.
Just like Cuba.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Sorry, there you go.
It's probably making it again.
But Rack, I guess, the guy's two in trenches.
Too big of a deal just to get rid of him, I guess.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean, he's much more.
He's been in power 35 years and he has a lot more power in that area than those guys did.
Yeah.
So it just seems like, yeah, of course, the oil has something to do with it.
Ah, now you get a little warmer.
So, you know, I mean...
Well, Turkey didn't want to...
And keep in mind, sir, that three years ago...
Or five years ago it is now.
In 1998, Haliburton, when Dick Cheney was vice president Haliburton,
they were still doing business with him.
The same evil dictator, the same evil...
The same guy who's such a threat, who gassed his own people.
In 1998, had he gassed his own people?
Err...
Had he invaded another country?
Err...
But, uh, didn't stop Haliburton from doing business with him.
And of course, the French who have no credibility at all,
because even now they're doing business with him, the French love him.
They're one of his best business partners, okay?
So they have no credibility, even though they happen by accident to be right in this case.
But they have no credibility.
Zero.
I mean, I'm not going to sit in, argue what's the point.
Well, what's the, uh, you know...
Why waste the effort?
It's all an exercise. That's what it is.
Because the media, of course, caves right in.
They suck right along. They put on a couple of people just to make it look good.
A couple of protesters. A couple of celebrities.
And that's the end of that.
Well, that's from the left coast, you know.
The left coasters say this and the left coasters say,
and anti-policy, let me say it to you, sweetheart.
You pointed out this weekend very ably, even though she didn't mean to do it.
Exactly why the Democratic Party is so impotent and useless.
You're not even a good buffer anymore, Nancy. You suck.
Because they put their finger out the window and they were quite sure which way the window was blown.
And they didn't want, and again, they were backed into a corner by the bush people.
They want to see Montptriotic, which he did a very good job of doing that back on the anniversary of 9-11, remember that?
Yeah.
Now, all of a sudden, well, if we would have done this, well, if chickens pee, they probably have a wet underside too, you know, honey.
But you didn't do it. You have your chance to eat into it. You blew it.
You blew the big one.
And there's Bob, well, what's his name there from West Virginia on their body bird going,
like that, daughtering old fool that he is.
What's the use, man? I'm going to, I'm going to this next hour you watch.
I'm going to give this Michael Moore book, Stupid White Men.
Thanks for being for me. Just a few pages. I'm serious.
Because it hits real close to home.
About the stolen, Florida election, and about the illegal illegitimate president that we have.
Yeah. What have I called it? I told you it was a bloodless coup, and that's exactly what it was.
And that's the reason the Minnethack Clinton got in there.
Man, these henchmen, these right-wing lunatics, they were in there.
They were doing everything in their power to get him out.
When they couldn't do it out any other way, it had to come through sexual pecker dillows, which I still recommend very enthusiastically.
That book about blinded by the right by David Brock, about how they made up all of that bull crap about the troopers in Arkansas.
All of this crap, and they just made it up and rushed one on the air about Hillary killed this one, and this one did that.
And they just made it up as they went along.
And they still couldn't get his ass out of there.
And they still couldn't win a selection legitimately so they had to steal it.
What a fortuitous point that it happened to be in the state of Florida.
You know what I'm saying? Where is government just happened to be, is brother having to be governor?
Hey, don't worry about Florida. Yeah. We'll take care of that.
We'll take care of all them dark folks.
In fact, how come we're so worried about John Van Beesbrook using the inward as opposed to what was done to dark people in the state of Florida?
Shut up. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?
Just in franchise.
Anyway, let me tell you right now about all you dog lovers out there about a great place it's called Bark Avenue Pet Resort in Hollywood.
A lot of people not too crazy about boarding their pets, including me in a pass, because a lot of places don't take good care of your animals.
Bark Avenue Pet Resort is the only all natural pet resort in the country, a beautiful 10,000 square foot facility that offers boarding, grooming, and they care.
Whether it's just for the day, they're open 70 and the 7 p.m. overnight or for several months.
Your dog will enjoy the comforts of luxury with oversized-tiled sweets with animal print beds, filtered smell-free air cleaner than most of your homes are guaranteed, purified water for drinking bathing and washing too.
Bark Avenue's top notch groomers, taught in Francesco offer expert cuts on all breeds, and they use only pure chemical-free soaps and champoos too.
At Bark Avenue, your dogs aren't cooped up all day like at most places, and your dogs socialize according to their size, and large players are on soft and jolly mat flooring.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
Bark Avenue also offers feed line boarding in their kitty condos, their hammocks included.
Want to take a look for yourself? Just log out of their website, www.barkappetresort.com, and take a virtual tour that allows you to look in on your pet any time no matter where you're going to be.
Bark Avenue Pet Resort is located 1400 South Federal Highway, column at 954-925-Bark, or log on to www.barkappetresort.com.
Bark Avenue Pet Resort, the vacation spot your pet will fall in love with.
Fibre local, this is five cities, the radius of your town is about Q&A.
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob.
Lynn Samuel says the smart people are listening on QA.com.
George, her and your brothers.
I like this.
I like this.
Bark Avenue Pet Resort is located 1400 South Federal Highway, column at 954-925-Bark, column at 954-925-Bark.
I like this.
Some Palm Beach people went to do their voting chore.
So pound up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too Patrick you can end.
So I'd like to know who won the election.
Yes I'd like to know who won the election.
Count the vote, count the vote baby, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote baby, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote.
The final tabulation started coming in.
Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10.
Some may repeat all together in a bunch.
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too Patrick you can end.
So I'd like to know who won the election.
Incredible.
And the label.
Yes.
Yes.
Whew.
I'm okay.
I felt like don't I do what I did so badly.
Here's the fact that today it's so where is Eddie speaking my.
Mammoths is in exile in Saudi Arabia with our so-called good friends over there. You know these Saudis?
All right. The freaking Saudis are good Paisons are good pals. What ethnicity was this guy that they just captured by the way?
Why do you keep asking me that? I don't know. I don't know, but he was turned in by any Egyptian. I think he turned to what?
He turned into a hardened criminal.
Turned into a prisoner for 27 million. His Egyptian Paison turned him in. I don't know.
But he's certainly not Iraqi. I can tell you that. Right. At any rate, Michael Moore, who's definitely not Iraqi and who also voted for Ralph Nader, I should point out, which is who he said.
But he used to work for him. I guess he had a soft spot in his heart and a bass spot in his mind. Stupid white man and other sorry excuses for the state of the nation.
A book that came out like a year and a half ago. Yeah, a little less than that. And I guess I'm way behind the curve on this. I should have read this a long time ago. Right? Right?
And I still haven't seen Boeing for Columbine, even though they're winning all kinds of awards up here for it. But I'll get around to it.
Anyway, the introduction. I just just a few pages here. Can I do this? Yes, please. Just maybe 15, 20, 30, whatever, because the call suck is usual.
And if you join this in midstream, number one, shame on you. Number two, the billboards look great. And it's long overdue. And number three, our website screwed up.
So if you can't get out of today, don't worry. I'm missing anything on here except the bedtime stories, right? Right?
I don't want Carlis to go through all I work and find out that. Did you hear that? Yeah.
So what is that supposed to be back up again, 830 night?
He didn't hear it.
There are those who say it all started on Ravall the night of November 7, 2000 when Jeb Bush gave his brother George, Jr. and early Christmas present the state of Florida.
For others, those upon whom a decade's fortune had smiled, the turning point came when the Dow had its biggest annual loss in almost 20 years.
For most though, the day the music died came the night we were told Pluto was no longer a planet. And life as we knew it was as distant as the look in new president's eyes.
Wherever you choose to pinpoint the exact moment when it all crumbled before you rise, it matters not. The only thing that matters is that we collectively as Americans all know that someone has pulled the plug at our all night binge.
The American century, that's over welcome to your century 21 nightmare. A man no one elected sits in the White House. California can't find enough electricity to operate its juicers or executed inmates. It's cheaper to FedEx yourself across town than drive there.
Russia and China have signed a new pact just when we dismantle the last of the fallout shoulders.
Dotcoms have turned into not coms making the Nasdaq as safe a bet is a backroom craft scheme in Reno.
The past two years have seen the most layoffs since the worst years of the Reagan Renaissance devastated the country.
You stayed a better chance of dating Catherine Harris or Tom Delay than of making your Northwest connection to Detroit on a sunny day.
What's that you say you want to talk to a real human being in customer service? Ha ha, press for and kiss the rest of your day goodbye.
Oh and aren't you lucky you're working two jobs and so is your wife and you've got little Jimmy working down to McDonald's too.
So you can afford that new home on the tree line street with neatly trimmed lawns and little white picket fences and look there go spot to read grandpa's he pulls out of the driveway.
And next month you're going to make the last payment on the student loan you've had for the past 20 years but then suddenly your company is announced it's moving to Mexico without you.
Your wife's employer has decided she's no longer needed because the new human resources consultant believes that one person can easily do the jobs of three.
And little Jimmy has come down with unknown illness from something he ate out of the Mcnugget fryer and your HMO says they won't cover little Jimmy's operation but they'll be happy to treat him as an outpatient if you're wanting to drive to Tijuana twice a week because well they've got a new outpatient clinic just across the border thanks to free trade which may or may not be responsible for the warm pounded Jimmy's half eaten Mcnugget.
Oh sorry the collection agency just called they like your new cellica back because you missed the payment.
Hey maybe when you go to Tijuana drop Jimmy off you can head down the street and reapply for your old job where all the associates are given their own outhouse and fed a breakfast for Rita when they arrive at work at five o'clock every morning.
Pardon me if I was dreaming but weren't things looking up just a year or so ago this keep in mind was written a year ago.
What we supposed to be living through the largest economic expansion in history had in the government ended a 55 years of operating in the red and finally both of the cash surplus large enough to fix every road bridge and tooth in America.
Air and water pollution were at their lowest levels in decades.
Crime was at a record low teen pregnancies had dropped out of sight and more kids were graduating from high school and counts that ever before.
Old people lived longer you could call cat man do for 12 cents a minute and the internet was bringing all the world saved the two billion or so who lived without electricity closer together.
Palastinians broke red with Israelis.
Catalyst shared a pint with Protestants in Northern Ireland.
Yes life was getting a whole lot better and we all felt it.
People were friendly strangers on the street would give you the time of day and we just made the questions easier so we could have more millionaires.
Then something happened.
Investors lost millions in the stock market.
Crime went up for the first time in a decade.
Job losses skyrocketed. American icons like Montgomery Ward and T. W.A. vanished.
Suddenly we were two and a half million dollars barrels short of oil every day.
Israeli started killing Palestinians again and Palestinians returned the favor.
By mid 2001 37 countries were at the war around the world trying to became our new enemy again.
United Nations kicked us off their human rights commission and the EU attacked us for unilaterally violating the ABM treaty by reintroducing star wars.
It was hard damn hard to find a good movie.
Millions stopped watching network television and every radio station you tuned inside of the same like crap.
In short all of a sudden everything sucked.
Whether it's the shaky economy, depleted energy supplies, you lose the world peace, no job security, no healthcare or the simple, unuseable ballot we were given to pick a president.
It's become maddeningly clear to most Americans that nothing seems to work.
Firestone tires don't work and the Ford Explorer at the right atop them don't work either which means you don't work at all because you're dead and decapitated lying in a ditch outside the Duncan doughnuts.
9-1-1 does some work, 4-1-1 doesn't work, cell phones don't work and when they do it's some asshole having an argument with his broker at the table next to you while you're trying to eat dinner.
Freedom of choice is a thing of the past. We're down to six media companies, six airlines, two and a half car makers and one radio conglomerate.
Everything you'll ever need is at Walmart. You can choose between two political parties that sound alike, vote alike and are funded by the same exact wealthy donors.
You can choose to wear non-descript pastels and keep your mouth shut or you can choose to wear a Maryland man and T-shirt and get kicked out of school.
Britney or Christina, WV or UPM, Florida or Texas, there's no friggin' difference folks, it's all the same, it's all the same, it's all the same.
How did this all happen? Three little words, stupid white man.
Think about it, the Bush boys who took these slender inheritance of Poppy's political mind not to mention charisma and spread it even thinner among themselves.
Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Spencer Abraham and the other old shills, butch revived to prop him up.
The CEOs of the Fortune 500, the wizard behind Hollywood and 500 channel TV, how the average Joe who sees 15 miles per gallon on his new car sticker and thinks not bad as the ozone clouds part above his head.
That's right, the whole planet is being overrun and I'm convinced it's starting to fight back.
One day last February in Chicago, the temperature hit 70 degrees and what happened? Everyone was like, wow, this is great.
People were walking around in shorts and the beach along Lake Michigan was filled with sunbaters, boy I love this weather, send what they need to me on the street.
You love this? Let me ask you if the sun suddenly rose at midnight tonight, would you say, oh wow, this is beautiful, I love it more daylight.
No, of course you wouldn't, you'd be freaking out on a level that's never been measured. You'd be screaming bloody murder that the earth was spinning out of control heading toward the set of the million miles a second.
I doubt anybody would be running the beach to catch any of those bonus rays. Of course, maybe it's not that bad. Maybe somebody just launched a thousand foreheads on Milwaukee and that's the bright light you're seeing to the north as nuclear fishing interacts with vacant bordered up breweries.
Either way, you'd be ripping through so many Hail Mary's and God have mercies, you might just knock ten years off your sentence to purgatory.
To be continued. That's going to take away. I need a towel. In that great stuff, I have sweat beating on my lip. Do you really? No, not really. Probably that corporate disease.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WNQM, the lights of West, focus the place for you people on the Atkins and Skackens and other low carb diets because they got everything you need.
It's a super store for low carb and sugar free diets and they continue to add new low carb food products every day.
This month, the lights is introducing three new flavors of their low carb crunchy racket chips and new low carb brownies by carb control and four delicious flavors with only one carb preserving.
So whether it's carbolite ice cream, bread, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces or any of the other six-handed low carb foods, the lights of West, focus the place you're going to be wanting to shop.
And you can always try it before you buy it. They got an eligible staff that knows Atkins dieting inside and out and they're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
They carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world. They're always 25% off all day every day.
So don't forget if you're looking for a low carb diet store. This is the place. The number one low carb sugar free store in the world, the lights of West, focus.
And you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column tool free, 1-877 Low carb or find them on the web if you like it, lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one day lights of West, bokeh and be your official Atkins retail center.
We're sports radio 560, QAM.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
Have in-up election officials left you confused.
Here is your guide to understanding how to cast your vote in Palm Beach County, Florida. Follow along with me to see just how easy it can be.
Let's get started. Shall we? Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmels D. Who are you voting for?
I'll leave him in.
Do I see?
Now, read the butterfly ballot. Starting with push chaney in the left column. You can and chicle grower, hangala, hikemen and girmals in the right.
Where's I'll leave him in?
Over there. This guy goes guy.
Yes?
Is this guy who makes my baby food?
No.
Now simply punch a hole in the 1959 Univac keep punch guide.
Over there.
Here. Use this microscope.
Oh, there. Is that it?
No.
Uh, okay, I'll punch you again.
No. No. That invalidates your vote.
All right, yeah, I'll punch you again.
I'll punch you again.
You don't do that again. I'll punch you.
Why would I want to put magic?
Why you?
All right.
It's not a ring old heap.
Remember comrades, if you want to live in Florida, exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother.
Hi!
1117-560. So UCF Kenny who's a chronic factor says who on Friday is full of Grace Kelly question mark being a young punk.
I'm not too familiar with her.
I post you think she's a worthy winner.
Well, on a pull right now with his Merlamon robot, she had a whole bunch of fake votes for Grace Kelly really won.
Yes.
He says, P.S. Kristen Crook rules well.
I hate to break the news to you.
Kristen's cute, but she in the same world, not in the same planet with Grace Kelly.
Okay.
Not even in the same category.
She may have some of the same parts we would assume although Clark will never find out.
Anyway, getting back to a stupid white man by Michael Moore, a number one of New York Times best seller that I should have read a long time ago,
but I'm glad I didn't because then I wouldn't be reading it right now.
Just a few pages of your lentils.
I mean, if not, bye-bye.
He says, so why on earth do we think a 70 degree day in the coldest month of the year and one of the coolest cities in America is something to crawl about?
We ought to be demanding action from our representatives and swift retribution against those responsible for these climate changes.
This isn't right, folks.
Something is terribly wrong.
And if you don't believe me as that dead infected cow, you're drowning in A1A, in A1 sauce.
He knew the answer, but we killed him before we could move it out of him.
But let's not worry about Mother Earth.
She's lasted through much worse.
Let the tree huggers lose their sleep over it.
We're too bad, then busy trying to make money.
Ah, money.
The sweet stench is success.
A couple of years ago, I was talking to a guy in a bar who happened to be a stockbroker.
He asked me about my investments.
I told him I didn't have any that I don't own a single share of stock.
He was stunned.
You mean you don't have a portfolio where you keep your money?
I don't think it's a good idea to keep your money in portfolios that reply to him in a brief case or even under the futon.
I say, well, little I can in a place called a bank where I have what old-timers call a savings account.
He was not amused.
You're just screwing yourself.
He said, and you're being irresponsible.
I remember reading, you made a lot of money from your first film right.
Do you know how much you could have made to have today if you invested in the stock market 10 years ago?
Probably about 30,000.
Thirty million dollars could have been mine?
What was I thinking?
Suddenly I got very queasy and felt like all my principles and beliefs were about to end up on my shoes.
I excused myself and went outside.
Sometime after the event the stockbroker guy got hold of my home address and started sending me weekly market updates and other propaganda.
And I hope that I'd given my kids college fund to gamble with on the strip known as Wall Street.
Well, the investment opportunity flyers have stopped coming.
In the past 18 months Microsoft has gone from $120 to $40, it's about $22 now.
Dell from $50 to $16, at pets.com and its cute little sock puppet have gone to Puppy Heaven.
The NASDAQ has lost nearly 40% of its value and average Americans stuck it into the madness of playing the market with their meager savings have lost billions.
Any thoughts of early retirement we may have entertained around the window will be lucky if they let us cut back to 40 hours a week when we're 82 or in continent whichever comes first.
Actually, not all of us, there are almost 56,000 new millionaires in the country. They've made out like bandits.
They made their money because they already had a good least some to begin with and then invested in companies that got rich by throwing people out of work,
exploiting children in the poor and other countries and receiving big reductions in their taxes.
For them greed wasn't good, it was mandatory. In fact, they were so good at creating a climate of greed that the word itself one out of style.
Now it's called success and yes, it comes with its own punctuation.
Soon virtually no one questioned all this gluttony as wrong or obscene. It became such a part of our daily life that when his character from Texas got greedy and took an election he didn't win, we stood back and gave it to him.
He wasn't being greedy after all just being smart. Just as corporate agriculture's dicey schemes to corrupt the genetic makeup of your cornflakes aren't insane or greedy, that's progress.
Just as the guy next door who wants the biggest SUV ever built as being greedy, he just wants more torque baby.
This stupid white virus is so powerful it's even infected ringers like Colin Powell interior secretary Gail Norton and national security adviser condolese a rice and it's created a deep funk, a grad national funk you can feel wherever you go.
It's permeated us so profoundly I wonder if we'll ever recover.
Of course, we're all trying hard to forget about the moment when this ugly cultural shift had critical mass. Did I say shift?
Yeah, when this either way it works when this ugly cultural shift had critical mass and the forces of evil took over I know what it is. You know what it is. Even an idiot like grit hum knows what it is. It's that Dan Stolan election.
Stolen hijacked abducted and ripped from the very hands and hearts of the American people. There's absolutely no dispute over who got the most votes.
And there's little question now about the shenanigans that took place in Florida yet he who won is not the man we're playing we see playing waffle ball with a ball on the stop lawn this afternoon.
Yes, we're all telling ourselves nothing all that bad really happened get over we've been told, but the events of those 36 days shook us hard, knocked the wind out of us and wed something deep in our national crawl.
Nothing short of one big national Heimlich maneuver can save us now we're stumbling around blue in the face wondering if relief will come in time. Well, I have my job next year what will happen to my retirement fund to ice cubes count as a food group.
You do not count. It's a tough lesson to learn and tougher still to discover that all the stuff you've always been told to do vote obey the law.
We suck on your wine cooler bottles. It doesn't really matter either. You might as well pull the shades and take the phone off the hook because you and your federal Americans have just been declared irrelevant.
Your services as a citizen we regret to inform you are no longer required.
So confusion reigns and the seismic tremors of national frustration are starting to rumble beneath our feet.
The grumbling isn't subsiding it's growing each day eight months after the election deep into 2001 a fox news pulled an out that nearly 60% the American public had not gotten over how bush took the White House that were still angry.
That's a long time to harbor aggressive ill will toward our leader a mood that swings out of control like this with no prompting from refined sugar or opera is the mood that can alter history millions of Americans from all points on the political spectrum are feeling off balance unsure upset unglued the rest are in prison.
The common view is that the heartland in a heartland is that the ship of state is running on fumes and no one's at the wheel after all the designated driver wasn't designated by anyone and he's a self-confessed drunk driver to boot.
Hardcore Republicans are desperately hoping that big dick chainy can survive half does more heart attacks and last long enough to oversee the raping and pillaging of everything west of which it all what they don't realize is that he's already put the rest of the country into cardiac arrest.
Meanwhile he and his gang are double timing to dismantle as much of the environment the Constitution and the evidence in Tallahassee as they can before the EMS unit called election 2002 arrives.
And if there's one thing I'm certain of there and this is unfortunately where he's wrong he says if there's one thing I'm certain of there's a triage of coming the American public will be turning off the life support system on this administration factor than you can say jack splat corvorkian.
So hack away in Miss Norton last I heard trees grow back bombs away Mr. Rumsfeld in general Powell raw out of sergeant McVase for you to pin medals on drill away Mr. Abraham will have you parking those big gas hogs at the gross point yacht club before you know it.
Soon like good St. Jefferson Vermont the elephants will be jumping from the sinking ship the rest of us will just sit back and enjoy the show while contemplating how to make next month's house payment and were to take cover as the remains of Antonin Scalia weighed out upon us like a cold shower in January.
Hey, then wait it's not supposed to rain in January.
So the panic builds the media can turn to look the other way if they want and the punns keep trying to sell their lies by repeating them so often they start seeming true but we millions of Americans are going to fall for the deception.
The stock market isn't just going through a natural cycle there's nothing beneficial about genetically enhanced beef the bank doesn't want to work with you to help you catch up and the cable guy isn't coming between 80 and 5 p.m. or any other time for that matter.
It's all about your who we from top to bottom and as soon as they recognize or onto them the sooner will get our country back.
Today I took my year old car with less than 4,000 miles on it into the repair shop at the dealership where I bought it. Why?
Seems that every other time I go to start the car it won't start. I've replaced the start of the battery the fuse the computer chip but no that has solved the problem.
When I pulled a service manager all of us he looked at me with a witheringly vacant stare all these new beetles they don't start unless you drive them every day.
I thought for sure I must have heard him wrong after all he was speaking perfect English so I asked him again what the problem was.
You see he said shaking his head and pity these VWs are run by a computer system and if the computer hasn't read any activity namely you turning it on and driving it every day or so then the computer assumes the battery is dead or something and then just shuts down the whole car.
Is there any way you or somebody you know can go down to the garage and start it once a day? I didn't know what to say if you don't start the car every day it'll die.
What's this 1901 am I being arrogant to expect that a car I spent 20,000 dollars on is supposed to start whenever I put the key in the ignition.
There aren't many things left in the world these days the sun still sets in the west the Pope still says midnight mass on Christmas Eve.
Strom Thurman still comes back to life whatever there's an ex-first lady around the group.
I would have thought I could claim to at least this one article of faith a brand new car always starts period.
Like 95% of the customers you've sold these new beetles to us that I live in Manhattan you know anybody in Manhattan who drives their car every day?
Yes sir we understand nobody in the city drives the car every day they use the sub waves.
I don't even know why they sell these cars in the city it's really a shame if you tried writing the Volkswagen is the real kid on your block you can get to start for a few minutes every day or so.
So I'm stuck with a car that doesn't run in a country where nothing works everything sucks and it's every man woman in state tested child for themselves.
Survival of the richest no more lifeboats for you or you or you there's got to be a better way.
That's the introduction there's a few pages I'm going to read inside which hopefully I'll read better than that.
Not reading again are you well I know it's not as good as a lot of these great calls we had today but it's a pretty damn powerful stuff.
What are they Paul?
I beg your pardon?
Another poll.
27 past 11 at 560 WQAM.
What we're supposed to be talking about the beast are good close friends and balance for life.
Everybody in their brother now you turn on every channel with an informational every other one is some kind of a diet and now even Tony Robbins the guy with a big head in the 85 teeth.
Even he's going to inspire you to lose the way forget about that stuff.
Okay, it's not going to work for you balance for life.
Works because you don't have to do any guesswork.
There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting.
You don't have to figure out the zone that which this is based on because they figured out a lot for you.
All you do is pick between two choices for each meal every day that's run the program you fill out your little menu and then you send it over to them and they send you back every day at six o'clock in the morning to your home your work wherever a nice little black sack and inside your black sack.
That's the key to losing all that weight three gourmet meals to delicious next right there in your little black sack and the weight comes pouring off your body.
It's all healthy. It's all fresh delicious food nothing prefabricated no chemicals no crap the beast is lost almost 60 pounds on the balance for life and he's going to be doing a lot more or else we're going to know why.
Let him do it for you to let him take care of your dieting plans without all that counting and all that quackery.
Call him today at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine you look a lot better and be a lot healthier for it to nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at balance for life dot com.
I'm a half.
Oh
don't like all the harbor
don't don't every time I see
that drink hard if him which
I don't know
he's president
oh
and
you want this
don't
and
he's president
you got him in my
you
I'm a thirty two five six you know you manage it one hand over from the show will stay two of three six thirty we got you to go pan through preview seven o'clock panthers at the Rangers and a KF
to the hockey game from GA in to a Mark overnight that's the schedule a very American coulis chapter one in Michael Moore's great book stupid white man he says the following message was intercepted by you and forces on nine one oh one at six hundred hours from somewhere within the North American
continent are you following that date okay say it again nine one oh one okay it's just it's just a date he picked out of the blue but it sure is interesting I am a citizen of the United States of America our government has been over
through and our elected president's been exiled old white men wielding martinis and wearing dicks have occupied our nation's capital we are under siege we are the United States government in exile our numbers are not insignificant they're over
154 million adults among us and 80 million children that's 234 million people who did not vote for and are not represented by the regime that this place itself in power
Al Gore is the elected president of the United States he received 539 898 votes more than George W Bush but he does not sit in the Oval Office tonight instead our elected president
Romas the country without purpose or mission surfacing only to lecture college students and replenishes stash of little Debbie snack cakes
Al Gore won Al Gore president exile long live president Alberto Gore so who that is demand and occupy 16 hundred Pennsylvania Avenue I'll tell you who he is George W Bush president in quotes of the United States the thief and chief
it used to be the politicians who went into the living office before they became crooks this one came pre-packaged now he is a trespasser on federal land a squatter in the Oval Office if I told you this was Guatemala you believe it in a heartbeat no matter what your political stripe
but because this coup was wrapped in an American flag delivered in your choice of red white or blue those responsible believe they're going to get away with it
that's why on behalf of 234 million Americans held hostage I've requested that NATO do what it did in Bosnia and Kosovo what America did in Haiti and Lee Marvin did in the dirty dozen send in the Marines launch the scrub missiles bring us the head of Antonin Scalia
I've sent a personal request to UN Secretary General Kofi in and to hear our plea we are no longer able to govern ourselves or to hold free and free elections we need UN observers UN troops UN resolutions then we need Jimmy Carter
we are now finally no better than a backwater banana republic we're asking ourselves why any of us should bother to get into more need work our asses off to produce goods and services then only serve to make the Junta and its cohorts in corporate America a separate autonomous fight them within the United States has been allowed to run on its own time for some time even richer
why should we pay our taxes to finance their coup can we ever again set our sons off into battle to give their lives defending our way of life when all that really means is the lifestyle of the great old man hold up in the headquarters that they seized by the Potomac
oh Jesus Joseph and Mary I can't take it he says somebody passed me the universal remote I need to switch back to the furry tale that I was a citizen in a democracy within an alienable right the life liberty in a pursuit of happy meals
the story I was told as a child said that I mattered that I was equal to every one of my fellow citizens and not a single one of us was beat to be treated differently run fairly and that no one was to wield power over others without their consent the will of the people America the beautiful land that I love
twilight's last gleaming oh say can you see are the Belgian peacekeepers on their way hurry
the coup began long before the shenanigans on election day 2000 in the summer of 1999 Catherine Harris an honorary stupid white man who was both George W Bush's presidential campaign coach sharewoman and the Florida
Secretary of State in charge of elections paid four million dollars to database technologies to go through Florida's voter rolls and remove any suspected anyone suspected of being a former felon she did so with a blessing of governor of Florida George W was brother Jeb Bush whose own wife was caught by migration
officials trying to sneak nineteen thousand dollars worth of jewelry into the country without declaring in paying tax on it a felony in its own right but hey this is America we don't prosecute felons if they're rich or married to a governing Bush
the law states that expelans cannot vote in Florida and sadly though I'm confident that Florida's justice system was always unimpeachably fair that means 31% of all black men in Florida prohibited from voting because they have a felony on their record
Harrison Bush knew they were moving the names of expelans from the voter rolls would keep thousands of black citizens out of the voting booth black Floridians are overwhelmingly Democrats and sure enough Al Gore received the votes of more than 90% of them on November 7 2000 that is 90% of those who were allowed to vote
In what appears to be a mass fraud committed by the state of Florida Bush Harrison company and only removed thousands of black felons from the rules they also removed thousands of black citizens who had never committed to crime in their lives along with thousands of eligible voters who had committed only misdemeanors
How did this happen?
Harris's half office told database to firm with strong Republican ties to cast as wide and that is possible to get rid of these voters
Her minions instructed the company to include even people with similar names to those of the actual felons
They insisted database check people with the same birth dates as known felons or similar social security numbers and 80% match of relevant information election office instructed was sufficient for database to add a voter to the ineligible list
These orders were shocking even to Bush friendly database that would mean that thousands of legitimate voters might be barred from voting on election day just because they had a name that sounded like somebody else's or shared a birthday with someone on bank robber
Marlene Thurgood the database project manager sent an email to Emmett Bucky Mitchell a lawyer for Catherine Harris's election division warning him that unfortunately programming in this fashion may supply you with false positives or misidentifications
Never mind that said old Bucky his response obviously we want to capture more names that possibly aren't matches and let county election supervisors make a final determination rather than exclude certain matches altogether
They debased it as they were told and long before 173,000 registered voters in Florida were permanently wiped off the voter rolls
In Miami-Dade Florida's largest county 66% of the voters who were moved were black in Tampa Hillsborough County 54% of those who would be denied the right to vote on November 7 2000 were black
But calling names from Florida's records alone was not enough for Harrison her department 8000 additional forbidians were thrown off the voting rolls because database use the false lists of fly by another state
The state was claimed that all the names on list were former convicted felons would since moved to Florida
It turns out that the felons on list had served their time and had all their voting privileges reinstated
And there were others on list would commit only misdemeanors such as parking violations or littering
What state was it that offered Jeb and Georgia helping hand by sending this bogus list to Florida? Texas!
This in turn incident stuck to the high heavens but the American media ignored it
It took the BBC to dig deep into this story running 15 minutes segments on its primetime news program revealing all the sort of details and link responsibility for the scam right at the doorstep of Governor Jeb Bush
It's a sad day when we have to look at a country 5,000 miles away to find out truth about our own elections eventually the early times the Washington Post picked up the story but it got little attention
This is solved on the voting rights of minorities was so widespread in Florida that even affected people like Linda Howell
Linda received letter informing her that she was a felon and therefore advising her not to bother showing up on election day because she would be barred from voting
The only problem was Linda Howell wasn't a felon in fact she was the election supervisor of Madison County Florida
She and other local election officials tried to get the state to rectify the problem but their pleas fell on deaf ears
They were told that everyone who complained about being prevented from voting should submit themselves for a finger printing and let the state then determine whether or not they were felons
You following this?
Yeah I'm chilled
It gets better let me do the break I get even better
In Florida
And then of course since then Governor Jeb was re-elected in Florida as we know
It's just astonishing it's just amazing to me how many stupid people are not just stupid white men stupid men and women of all shapes colors and sizes
20 to noon at 560 WQM you have $2,000 more in a credit card if so listen to this
Debitcated consumer counseling will help you know cost you zip-o nothing that's right it'll cost you not a dime
Debitcated is a nonprofit company that will contact the companies you will money to and they'll cut your payments in half
Call 1-800-4-0-DET that's 1-800-4 and the letters N-O-D-E-B-T
Debitcated will help you cut your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit it'll cost you nothing
The bank pays deba-cated you pay nothing
So if you're trying to battling credit card debt call deba-cated at 1-800-4-0-DET
Call and find out how deba-cated can help you you've got nothing to lose if you've had it with credit card debt high interest rates and late fees
Call deba-cated consumer counseling the handle it from there call right now 1-800-4-0-DET
And don't forget it cost you nada
My line in local
Here's sports radio 560-0-Q-A-M
It's big if I have any talent at 560-0-WQ-A-M
Oh right
Oh
Oh
Much better
Oh
Oh
You're supposed to be the space to be your respective space to be respectable
Very good
Oh
Make it genuine
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Sto-Trix
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
11-44-560-WQ-A-M
I'm not a hank of three from Shula's and a panther than a rangers tonight. This should be on our website by the way Carlos since we don't have too much else for you to do.
What the Michael Moore stuff?
Yeah stupid white men. I'm not the stuff but I'm talking about the books that we recommend on there.
Right well I have no control over that Eric is what it does that but a feature to it I already emailed him the picture of the book and told them that.
What a guy man a little beater boys doing it. Let's hear her a little bit more. We may have to upgrade his little pumpkin under the overpass.
Nice going. Well seriously you know where we have the books listed like Eric Alterman is the last one what level media and David Brock etc.
Anyway continues if I can may I continue yes please thank you.
On November 7 2000 is black for Floridians flocked to the polls in record numbers many were made of the ballot boxes with a blunt review.
You cannot vote in a number of precincts and Florida's inner cities the polling locations were heavily fortified would police to block anyone on Catherine and Jev's felons list from voting.
Hundreds of law-biting citizens looking to exercise their constitutional right to vote mostly in black and Hispanic communities were set away and threatened with the rest of they protested.
George W. Bush would officially be credited with receiving 537 more votes than Al Gore and Florida is it safe to assume that the thousands of registered black and Hispanic voters barred from the polls might have made the difference if they've been allowed to vote and cross-bush the election without a doubt.
And when he's talking about Hispanic voters he's talking primarily of non-cubanism around the rest of the state.
On election night after the polls closed there was much confusion over what was happening with the counting of the votes in Florida.
Finally the decision was made by the man in charge of the election night desk for Fox News channel he decided that Fox should go on the year and declare that Bush had won Florida and that's the election and that's what happened.
Fox formally declared Bush the winner.
With down until I hazy the counting of the votes hadn't yet been completed in fact the associated presence that it was still too close to call and refused to follow Fox's lead.
Not so the other networks they ran like lemmings after Fox made the call afraid that they would be seen as slow out of the loop even though their own news reporters on the ground were insisting that it was too early to call the election.
But who needs reporters when you're playing follow the leader the leader in this case being John Ellis the man in charge of Fox's election coverage who is John Ellis he's the first cousin of George W. and Jeb Bush.
Once Ellis made the call everybody followed suit there was no going back nothing was more psychologically devastating for Gorge chances of winning than the sudden perception that he was being the sport of asking for recounts with drawing his concession of defeat tying up the courts with lawyers and lawsuits.
The truth is that during all of this Gorge actually was ahead he had the most votes but that was never how the news media played it.
The one moment from election I thought I'll never forget came earlier in the evening after the network said first correctly projected the state of Florida for Gore the cameras cut to a hotel room in Texas.
There's that George W. with his father a former president and his mother Barbara the old man appeared cool as a cucumber even though it looked like curtains for sunny a reporter asked young Bush what he thought about the outcome.
I'm not conceding anything in Florida junior piped up semi coherently I know you've all got the projections but people are actually counting the votes.
The network's called this thing awful early and people are actually counting the votes have different perspectives so it was an odd moment in that crazy night of luscious coverage the bushes with their relaxed smiles looked like a family of cats that had just walked down a bunch of canaries is if they knew something that we didn't they did they knew Jeb and Catherine had done their job months earlier they knew that John was holding down the fort at Fox election central and if all else failed there was always that team poppy could count on the US Supreme Court.
As we all know that's exactly what happened for the next 36 days the forces of the Empire struck back and they did so without mercy while Gore was stupidly concentrating on getting recounts and a few counties the bush team was going after the holy grail the overseas absentee ballots many of these ballots would come from the military which typically votes Republican and would finally give Bush the lead that denying the vote to thousands of blacks and Jewish grandmothers hadn't.
Gore knew this and tried to make sure the ballots underwent maximum scrutiny before they could be counted sure this rank contrary to the let every vote be counted plea he made when he calling for recalms but he also had fluid a law which is pretty clear about this on his side it states that overseas absentee ballots can only be counted if they were cast and signed honor before election day and mailed and postmarked from another country on by election day.
But while Jim Baker was chanting his mantra it's not fair to change the rules and standards governing the county or recounting a vote after it appears the one side is concluded this is the only way to get the votes it needs he and his operatives were doing just that.
A July 2001 investigation by the New York Times show that of the 2490 overseas ballots and ended up being included in the certified election results 600 any were considered flawed and questionable bush got the overseas vote by ratio of four to five by that percentage five hundred and forty four the votes went to Bush should have been thrown out got the math suddenly Bush is winning margin of five hundred and thirty seven votes is down to a chilly negative seven.
So how did all these votes end up being counted for Bush with an hours of the election the Bush campaign had launched their attack the first step was to make sure that as many ballots got in as possible Republican operatives set off frantic emails to Navy shifts asking them to dig up any ballots that might be hanging around they even put in a call to Clinton defense secretary William S. Cohen a Republican who asked him to put pressure on the military outposts he declined but it didn't matter thousands of votes poured in even some that were signed after election day.
Now all they had to do is make sure that as many of these votes as possible went to W and so the real theory began according to the Times Catherine Harris had planned to send out a memo to her canvassy boards clarifying the procedure for counting overseas ballots included in this memo was a reminder that state law required all ballots have been post marked or signed and dated by election day when was clear that Georgia's lead was rapidly shrinking she decided not to send the memo instead she said a note that said ballots are not required to be post marked on her prior to election day.
What car to change her mind and the law we may never know since the computer records that showed what happened have been mysteriously erased a possible violation of Florida sunshine laws now long after the horses left the barn Harris has turned over her hard drives to media for inspection but only after her own computer consultant looked them over.
This is a woman who's now planning to run for Congress and she won by the way as we know can these people get any more shameless arm with the blessing of the secretary of state the republicans launched an all-out campaign to make sure as broad a standard as possible was used
in counting these absentee ballots equal representation Florida style meant that the rules governing acceptance or denial of your absentee ballot dependent on what country you're from perhaps that would explain why in counties where girl one only two out of ten absentee ballots but on clear poor out let me try it again perhaps that would explain why in counties where girl one only two out of ten absentee ballots with on clear post marks were counted in bush counties
predictably six out of ten such ballots made it on the final tally when the democrats complained that ballots that didn't follow the rule shouldn't be counted the republicans launched a fierce public relations campaign to make a look is it the democrats were trying to screw the men and women who were risking their lives for our country a republican city council member from Naples was typical in his hyperbole if they catch a bullet or fragment from a terrorist bomb that fragment doesn't have any post marker registration of any kind you said Republican congressman Steve buyer from Indiana even obtained possibly illegally the phone phone
numbers and email addresses of military personnel so that they could gather tales of ballot and I woe to garner sympathy for our fighting men and women even storm and Norman Schwartzkopf weighed in with a reflection that it's a very sad day in our country when democrats start harassing military voters all the pressure worked on the wimpies finalist democrats they choked while appearing on meet the press vice presidential candidates you'll leave them and argued that the democrats should stop creating a fuss and not be bothered that hundreds of military ballots were being counted just because they weren't post marked
Lieberman like so many others among this new breed of democrats should have fought for principle instead of worrying about image why well as the new archives found out 344 ballots had no evidence they were cast honor before election day 183 ballots were post marked in the US
96 ballots like the appropriate witness information 169 ballots came from unregistered voters had envelopes that weren't signed properly or came from people who hadn't requested a ballot five ballots came after the November 17 deadline and 19 overseas voters voted on two ballots and had both counted
all these ballots violated floored a law that yet they were all counted can I say this any louder bush didn't win gourd did as nothing to do with chads
even the blatant repression of Florida's African American community in the right to vote it was simply a matter of breaking all law all documented all the evidence sitting there in tallahassee clearly marked without question and all done purposely to throw the election to bush
on a morning of saturday December 9 2000 as a Supreme Court got word that recounts and floored in spite of everything the bush can't be done to fix the elections were going in favor of al Gore
by 2 p and the official tally show that gourd was catching up to bush only 66 votes down and counting as one breathless newscaster put it it was critical to bush that the words al Gore is in the lead never be heard on American TV
with only minutes to spare they did what they had to at 2 45 that afternoon the Supreme Court stopped the recount
on the court said Reagan appoints Sandra Day O'Connor and Nixon appoints chief justice William Rankwist both in their 70s they were hoping to return under a Republican administration so their replacements would share their conservative ideology
on election night O'Connor was heard lamenting at a party in Georgetown that she couldn't held off another four or eight years junior bush was their only hope for securing a contended retirement in their home state of Arizona
meanwhile two other justices with extremist right wing viewpoints found themselves with a conflict of interest
just as Clarence Thomas's wife Virginia lamp Thomas worked at the heritage foundation a leading conservative think tank in DC now she's just been hired by George W. Bush to help recruit people to serve it as in pending administration
and Eugene Scalia the son of George Anthony Scalia was alloyed with the firm of gifts and done in crutch or the very law firm representing bush before the Supreme Court
you following that yeah I'm trying to the gag but neither Thomas nor Scalia saw any conflict of interest and they refused to remove themselves from the case
in fact when the court convened later was Scalia who wishes now infamous explanation of why the ballot counting had to be halted
the counting of votes that are questionable egality as in my view threatened irreparable harm to petitioner Bush to the country by casting a cloud upon what he Bush plans to be the legitimacy of his election
in other words if we all let the votes be counted and they came out in Gore's favor and Gore wins well that will impair Bush's ability to govern once we install him as president
let me do the break let me just read that one last thing again
the counting of votes that are of questionable egality does in my view threaten irreparable harm to Bush and to the country by casting a cloud upon what he Bush plans to be the legitimacy of his election
in other words if we let all the votes be counted and they came out in Gore's favor and Gore wins well that will impair Bush's ability to govern once we install him as president
let me do that
the number 56560 WQA and Tom Layman and Joe Prieto held Pontiac GMC are proud of announce their Neil Deal March Madness sale now listen carefully
Neil Deal Number One pick any new GMC or Pontiac and Stock like the 33 miles per gallon V price is lowest 13999.8 and get 0% financing for up to 60 months you heard me right 0% for up to 60 months
Neal Deal Number 2. Choose any new vehicle and stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate.
That's absolutely correct, sir. Get you up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle and stock at Halette.
Halette's all-surveillance is always great Neal deals on used cars, trucks, SUVs,
and if other car dealers look at you with their nose like turned up in the air because your credit isn't perfect,
credit will never be a problem for you when you do your car shopping at Halette Pontiac GMC.
It's another set of great Neal deals going on right now at Halette 134-01.
South Dixie Highway, the same great place they've been given people great deals for over 35 years.
That's US-1 right across the street from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
For more information called the Neal Deal Hotline, tool free, it's 1-883-442-11.
That's 1-883-442-11. Don't forget all Neal deals, they've submitted credit approval.
See that they're for two deals. What is it? Two deals.
For two deals. For long-tails. Halette Pontiac GMC, in spite of my illiteracy,
they still are professional grades.
Some people still think you punch your moves,
at this rate someone's got to do the right thing.
Or will be countenance, sales bring.
So what's the difference with the final score?
Just give it to George Bush, or give it to Gore.
One of you not go ahead should do the right thing.
Or will be countenance, sales bring.
Because either way, they know it was a time.
So I wonder why.
Please help me win.
And this thing, pick a king, hand-calling ballots.
Here's the ridiculous thing.
And we'll be at it till spring.
Both guys have good burns, their petty and small.
They don't have the sound of a...
...coulder on.
A store in a mall.
It makes no difference, which mark wins this thing.
Let's wrap up the counting by spring.
Let's give it to Nader.
Or Pat Buchanan.
Here the race is such a chance.
Or maybe Perot.
Will toss his hat back in.
How about Ali McBear or her best friendling.
As long as we don't have to countenance, spring.
Club 1 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Howland, Michigan.
The leader of an Amos splinter group has been sentenced to 20 months to 15 years in prison.
For sexually assaulting a 14-year-old boy and his care.
Let's hear it.
A rabid religionist.
Will Berley, Eash 50, had pleaded innocent to a charge of first degree criminal sexual conduct with a minor.
But later pleaded guilty to a lesser of charge he was sentenced down a Friday.
The teen is the son of a woman who was a member of his sect.
He was living with Eash's now in a foster home.
Otherwise, those good old religionists.
Wally and dear field got your facts.
At least there's a couple of people out there that want me to keep reading.
I just got about two or three more pages.
Why don't you like all this reading, especially like pages and pages from a book?
My God, but it's a great book.
And my only regret is that I didn't read it a lot sooner.
Yeah. Right?
I want it now.
Better late than never.
Stupid white man by Michael Moore.
He goes on to say true enough if the ballots proved that Gore had won which they eventually would.
Then I guess that would tend to dampen the country's feelings of legitimacy about a Bush presidency.
In their decision the court used the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment.
The same amendment they've loudly displained when used by blacks over the years to office discrimination based on race.
To justify the theft.
Because of the variation in the recon methods they argue voters need to restrict working treated equally.
And therefore their rights were being violated.
Funny, but only the centers on the court mentioned that the antiquated voting equipment found disproportionately in poor minority floored in neighborhoods.
And created an entirely different and far more disturbing inequality in the system.
Eventually the press got around to conducting their own recounts of the votes, doing their best to spin the jumbled ball of public confusion into orbit.
The headline in the Miami-Heroed Red.
Review of ballots find Bush's win would have endured manual recount.
But if you read the entire story, very deep inside was this paragraph.
Bush's lead would have vanished if the recount had been conducted under these severely restrictive standards that some Republicans advocated.
The review found that the result would have been different if every canvassing board in every county had examined every undervote.
Under the most inclusive standard that is a standard that's often include the true well of all the people.
Gourward to one by 393 votes on ballots that suggested a fault with either machine or the voters ability to use it.
Gourward to one by 299 votes.
I didn't vote for Al Gore, rights Michael Moore.
He voted for Nader.
But I think any fair person would conclude that the world of people in Florida clearly went his way.
Whether it was the counting debacle or the exclusion of thousands of black citizens that corrupted the results.
There was little doubt that Gore was the people's choice.
There was perhaps no worse example of the wholesale denial of the right of each voter to have his vote properly counted than in Palm Beach County.
Much has been made of the butterfly baller which made it easy for the wrong person because of candidates names and punchholes were crammed unevenly under facing pages.
The media went out of its way to point out that the ballot was designed by one of the county's election commissioners, a Democrat, and then approved by a majority Democrat local board.
What right did Gore have to complain if his own party was responsible for the fault he designed of the ballot?
Had anyone bothered to check, they would have discovered that one of the two Democrats on the committee, the balanced designer Theresa LaPour, had actually been a registered Republican.
She switched her affiliation to Democrat in 1996, then just three months after Bush seized office, she resigned as a Democrat, and switched her voter registration to independent.
No one in the press bothered to question what was really going on.
Thus the Palm Beach post estimates that more than 3,000 voters, mostly elderly in Jewish, who thought they were voting for Al Gore, ended up punching the wrong hole for Pat Buchanan.
Even if Buchanan went on TV to declare that no way in hell did those Jewish voters vote for him.
And he also said he didn't want the votes, remember that?
Yeah. On January 20, 2001, George W. Bush positioned with his junta on the Capitol steps stood in front of Chief Justice Renquist and took the oath that presidents take it their inaugurations.
A cold and steady rain fell over Washington throughout today. Dark clouds obscured the sun and the parade route, usually jammed with tens of thousands of citizens all the way to the White House, was eerily bare.
Except for the 20,000 protesters who jeered Bush every inch of the way, holding signs denouncing Bush for stealing the election, the rain soar down straighters were the conscience of the nation.
Bush's limousine couldn't avoid them, instead atturing crowds of supporters he was greeted by good people, moved to remind this illegitimate ruler that he did not win the election, and that the people would never forget.
At the traditional point where presidents since Jimmy Carter of Stoff, their limousine emerged to walk the last four blocks, as he reminded that were nation ruled not by kings but by equals, Bush's triple armored black car with its dark tinted windows, favored by mobsters everywhere, came to an abrupt halt.
The crowd grew louder, louder, hail to the thief, they say she shouted.
You can see the secret service and Bush's advisors huddling in the freezing rain trying to figure out what to do, if Bush got out and walked he'd be booed, shouted down and telted with eggs the rest of the way.
The limousine sat there for what's to been five minutes, the rain poured, eggs and tomatoes hit the car, the protesters dared Bush to step out and face them.
Then suddenly the president's car bolted and tore down the street. The decision has been made, hit the gas and get passed as gravel as quickly as possible.
The secret service agents running beside the limo were left behind, the cars tires splashing dirty rain from the street onto the men who were there to protect its passenger.
It might have been the finest thing I've ever witnessed in Washington DC, a pretended to the American throne forced to turn tail and run from thousands of American citizens armed only with the truth and ingredients of addition omelette.
I love it.
Once the American life, I love that armed only with the truth and the ingredients of addition omelette.
Once the American life put the pedal to the metal ran for cover to the bulletproof reviewing stand in part of the White House, many of Bush's family and invited guests that are ready left to get dry.
But George stood there and waved proudly at the marching bands, their instruments disabled by the rain. The long parade of floats, wilderness crumbled by the time they arrived at the 1600 block of Pennsylvania Avenue.
Every so often lucky convertible pass by carrying the few dampened celebrities Bush had convinced honor him Kelsey grammar drew Kerry Chuck Norris.
My parades and Bush that alone in the stands drenched even as parents having deserted him for shelter. It was a pathetic sight. The poor little rich boy who came in second showing up to claim his prize with no one there to cheer him on.
Sadder still were the 154 million of us would not voted for him in a nation of 200 million voters. I would say we constitute the majority.
And yet what could George W have been thinking other than what me worry?
There were plenty of hired hands to be installed in the White House pulling the strings for their puppet president.
With that he's old buddies called back that he seat to lend a hand. Georgia could sit back and tell the public he was delegating.
The puppet masters moved in and the business of running the world would easily be left to them.
That's all I'm going to read.
Wow. I absolutely want to puke.
There you go. Stupid white men by Michael Moore. I go out and buy 10 copies today.
And force everybody to read it. It's just so astonishing to me. I wonder why it should be to hear these these cue cue card lines that these people are reading.
And even he had his press conference here. They'll ask him a question instead of answering the question. He just goes back into this.
Well, we've waited for 12 years now and he gassed his own people and he invaded another country.
Which were things that didn't make a guy then but a difference then until he got a little carried away and quaint.
We went in there save our friends the Saudis the valerass out because they were scared spitless.
But other than that we didn't give a flying crab.
I mean with the with the microscope of the entire world on him now with all these inspections which they could double or trivially inspectors and keep this going on for years if they want to without all of this bloodshed without murdering innocent people without subjecting our troops to whatever kind of horror is waiting them when they corner him like a rat.
But we don't want to do that because it's all the die like I told you a long time ago is already been cast and this did ironic that they came up on that settlement date with the Brits in the US of March 17.
Yeah. And when they had that article days and days and days ago saying the troops have been told you're ready for a March 17 attack date.
Already been decided. There's no debate going on. There's no honest debate of any kind.
Anyway. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and so you see like I told you before those 7 or 8 months when I was reading the bedtime stories I felt like satisfied you know like almost a sexual experience.
Yeah. I'm having you know put something out on here that was worthwhile the only problem being the audience. Huh? I loved it.
The audience doesn't want to hear that.
The audience wants to hear a bunch of Nuffles you've lost your audience.
You ain't wearing the George tapes. They want to hear that another poll. Yeah another poll of thanks to another poll.
That's what the audience is south Florida once that's where the intellectuals want even though they had so many of them they're right to vote this in franchise.
They don't give a fly and big they couldn't give a crap less.
Even though we're being censored on this guy they're radio show because the pressure from what weren't much or right wing lunatics or manipulating and using other people to censor us because they care so much about dark folks.
Right right. Fox news my freaking ass. Who the hell are you people kidding the bush news network.
And everybody else crumbles and MSNBC they crumble rather Roger L3 lasted for about five minutes didn't want to talk about that.
Because they're all scared of their own goddamn shadow and that's why you'll ever get the truth from the mass media ever never never ever would you get the real truth from the mass media.
All they want to do is make them sure they keep those spots on here. That's it.
Here's a call from homestead hello homestead.
Hello. Yes sir that's not a bedtime story.
What is it? It's not a bedtime story. Yeah. That's a fairy tale. Yeah. Maybe you and him should.
Okay great good call. There you go homestead. Waited for an hour to say that. Waited for an hour to tell me that. Yeah.
Because no matter what would have been in the stuff I read he wouldn't listen to any of it anyway. The fairy story that I was on. Yeah.
But then I started he was on there and he's been on there hanging a whole time. So he didn't listen to the substance or the essence of one word of it.
Here's Cooper City. Hello. Cooper City. Hello Neil. Yes. Excellent book. But I called last week I told you about the book 1492 to present. Yeah. Powered power sin. Yeah you told me already.
Right it tells the same story that happened there right from the very beginning. Okay thank you you called me last week and told me the same thing.
See what I mean there's like 50 callers. There's 50 sports show callers and there's 50 of our callers and we've heard from about 10 of them today.
I mean you know I don't want to sound unappreciated but this guy called and said the same thing last week and he's telling me to call me and said the same thing last week.
And I haven't got the Howard's in book yet. Okay. I'm still looking for the Gore Vidal book. How many books can I read all at the same time you know.
There you go. That's what I'm working on. About 30. Man what a response. See what I'm saying. If you're going to expect a response when you take an hour and a quarter of a
time or whatever the hell I took to read all of that stuff you might as well be farting into a guy they win storm into a hurricane.
Go out and take a big dump into the middle of our tornado tornado and see how much impact it has.
That's the impact you have in South Florida. Land of the dying home of the desperate. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey I'm a this franchise Florida from 2000. My ballot was thrown out. So my ballot got torn.
Got her. You chronic man. Carlos listen. Can't we find if we can get some people on the side of the same chronic people. Don't you know his voice.
Don't you know that I think that was him because it sounded like him when you when. Oh my god. I hear these people in my sleep.
I think 20 70 years is enough. You know what I think this is enough. I think Neil plays music from now on starting tomorrow.
Neil and his hits all the hits all the time. Oh yeah. What sounds good to me. I'm serious.
We need somebody to call us got something to say. Not just the same voices of the same tire freaking old people.
Oh my god. What is wrong with that town. What is wrong with that goddamn town.
For Lauderdale. Hello. Yes. Good afternoon or a good evening whichever time it is. Neil.
Good morning. Yes. Okay. Yes. I have to pick up that book. How it's in the book is a good one also.
But I heard a little something on LRN this morning on public radio because I don't listen to the moe myster.
And the EPA has now turned around and changed the cleanup act for cleaning up after you build for construction sites.
And they may be even to one acre. But they gave a two year furlough to oil and gas. Right. Yeah. We had that.
We had that story on our website over the weekend. If you think I said we had that story on our website over the weekend.
That was one of our stories that we put on there. Yeah. Well right now on computer litter because I'm taking care of mom and her apartment.
So I don't get to see that much. Right. It just goes to show that all this is is about money.
Fill in these people's pockets and it just getting more and more ridiculous. And if people won't wake up especially in this town because they've rained it.
It's unbelievable. I have never in my life. Maybe it was fortunate for me to spend such a big chunk of my life in that place because it makes me realize anytime I come anywhere else including here in Toronto.
How different the rest of the world isn't be grateful for it. Well you have to read other newspapers from other places. You have to pick up certain things.
I don't have the cable network where I am now that I could get it but I get as much as I can with BBC and try and pick up stuff like that.
But if you continue to read all of the slots that you get down here and you just listen to the media that's fed you on regular TV or cable.
We're in said shape. You got to pick up what you can and I appreciate you for the bedtime stories.
You're doing a decent job my friend. Okay. Thanks a lot. I mean I may go back to it. Okay. Screw it.
You know, Muff doesn't like it and public parents don't like it and Greg. He didn't even know what a screen reader banana.
He don't know what these do. And since he screwed up the whole station. How about just go back to it after I come back from vacation?
Let's go back to bedtime stories. It's a lot of work. But it's a sure as hell beats sitting here.
One out of every 20 calls might be something that somebody would want to put on the air.
You're something that we haven't heard 50 million times. You're being nice.
That guy that kind of called and said about his vote being disenfranchised. That's I mean how could you not know that voice by now?
My God. I hear him in my sleep. If I die tomorrow, I'll still be hearing his voice in my box.
In my grave, I'll be hearing that voice. Oh rookie Honduras. What was it? He's a rookie.
Okay, rookie ears still. No. Well, not so much talking about you. I'm just I'm just talking at the wall. You know, I'm barking at the moon.
If they all talk a moon. 1215 at 560 WQ. I am. You know, another year is coming gone. We're early into the new year still.
And if you made some new years resolution about spruce and up. Even though it's March, you still can do it.
Call our good friends and dry concepts because when they get your carpets really clean, it looks like they're brand new laid right on your floor.
And dry concepts is the only service in the world that dry cleans your carpeting your drapes your expensive area rugs.
And believe me, your friends will think they've got all brand new because that's how spectacular they make them look.
Nobody else in the world does this in the world. Be doing it because dry concept technicians really know their stuff inside enough.
They suck out even the deepest down dirt and the fibers of their carpeting and make them look like you just paid a fortune for brand new carpeting.
They'll leave your carpets who will free vibrant and color softer the touch. They smell em and he fresh their dry in a couple of hours and you'll have a big fat smile on your push.
And don't forget when it's time to clean your pulse. We leather furniture to it's time for dry concepts.
If you have a problem with pet odors or mildew odors caused by water damage, no problem.
Dry concepts will wave their magic wand and make them look just like brand new. So you're to yourself to do business with these folks just one time because I guarantee you'll be using them the rest of your life.
And as far as prices concern, no rip off, no games. They give you a written guaranteed price before they start doing a job.
Just one more reason I've used them in my house for more than 20 years.
Call dry concepts toll free from anywhere 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071 or log on to dryadryaconseps.com.
Don't forget not just a slogan, it's their business when they tell you to clean today, entertain tonight when you use dry concepts.
My I look all this is for 305 60 way.
Way. Our David's a bitch.
Things could really get stuck.
For this girl named Lucky.
Okay.
Yeah.
She kind of likes you kind of likes you kind of like.
Oh.
Okay.
All right 1221 at 560 W here. So anyway, I just want to see if there are any messages, if any packages that you want up today. Yeah.
No.
I do like that. I don't I don't like that. So that thing that you sent me on Friday, if it doesn't show up here like tomorrow.
Right.
The show that I do on Wednesday, they're going to have to shut down a Cleveland clinic and also around and listen while I do that show.
Just in case.
I mean, and it's just it's just unbelievable.
I'm comfortable in these people are see the doctors are never going to any sympathy out of me.
If they have to pay 5 million a year, malpractice insurance, tough cookies.
They made their own bed.
Now they're now they're a crap in it. Okay. Too bad.
Because the way that these people do business and the care that they take care of individuals, you can't complain about it because generally there isn't any.
So it's unbelievable.
Unconscionable.
Anyway, so I got some gossip by the way. Yeah, good.
And it also reminds me of something a whole bunch of things.
Are you starting up again? Yeah, I'm going to.
Thanks to floors by the way that brought us a nice view.
It's the best in the city. It is.
It's the best in the studio as a matter of fact.
Good.
Anyway, so in the middle of this whole a lot of the comfort homes that went on remember the big fight between Doreen and Howard.
Right. Doreen and Hanhuu.
Oh, Mo.
Sorry.
Has a lot to do. There was see there's a lot of friction.
I already a lot of friction.
I just beneath the surface there because he's really pissed off about the fact that they're doing a promotion with the beast who he hates.
Well, what do they want to do? Get him a date.
He's always talking about his wife and being a happily married man.
What are they going to do? Do a promotion with him?
It's the fact that they're doing something acknowledging the beast's present.
He's getting attention from the station.
See, I hate to break the news. I hate to break the news to mode.
But just because you don't like somebody doesn't mean the rest of us are going to dislike him especially since all the rest of us hate you like poison.
In fact, it might encourage us to like them more.
Right.
Because if you dislike them, it means that they're probably not so bad.
So all the business is common about why don't you go kiss Hank's fat ass like you've been doing all week and on all of this.
This is what he was screaming at the right.
That has, yeah, right.
Hey, kids, stop.
Because it was Hank's idea. That promotion was Hank's idea.
Right.
So of course the promotion department is kissing his fat ass or something for the B.
Let me say it again because I'm just, you know, I had a stroke three weeks ago last night.
Don't have another one.
I feel pretty good. But I want to say this.
The idea that this insanity, I have never seen anybody who claims to be a management person.
Allow anybody to come into a place of business which we supposedly are even though we don't pay our bills to good.
But a place of business which we supposedly are always crawling about with the number one billing station in the whole market.
We got good numbers.
We kick ass.
We do this.
And allow one person to come in and create the chaos and disruption in the anti-human element.
If I could tell you being here, if it were only for the reason that I don't even have to be in the same building with him,
which I don't have to see him when I come in here because he hides in the studio when I'm down here.
But just not just knowing that I'm not in the same building, it makes it so much more pleasant right off the top.
But wait, there's more.
I can't stop.
Yeah.
So the whole thing that's hard to be getting?
Well, yeah, that's what was bubbling under the surface but what caused the bubble to burst was apparently,
and this is according to witnesses, he wanted some more passes or tickets or whatever it was that they were giving away there.
And Doreen said, how many?
It's the what?
Whatever it was. I don't know.
They were giving something some worthless charge keys out of the table there.
Yeah.
And he wanted some more tickets or whatever it was to give to somebody.
You have to have somebody that came by, maybe somebody who knew who knows.
And she said, well, how many more do you want?
And he took that as she was being sarcastic.
She didn't have the right timber in her voice, which I think is apparently.
And then that's what caused him to blow up and she gave it right back to him.
And everybody was congratulating her afterwards and slapping her on the back and saying,
kudos because she gave it back to him.
You better watch your back Doreen.
We had to watch your back, Zach's song a few weeks ago.
Now it's going to be, watch your back Doreen because now you'll be the next one on his list
and try to get fired at it Doreen.
You asked whole nice going Doreen.
I'm starting to like her a lot better now.
That's right.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
She makes her own.
And I congratulate her for having the balls.
Right on.
Big, big round ones to give it right back to him and I'll take any crap from a
surly old, crusty piece of dirt like that.
Just tragic, just pathetic.
What Greg Reed has forced it on his radio stage, you know what?
It's interesting that this is all happening right now because it all goes back
a year and a half to the first of these series of very Jackass articles.
Well, he wasn't happy with a first tame and their numbers weren't so great.
I'll guarantee you he would kiss the goddamn ground right now.
He would eat four pounds of dog manure if he could get the first team back.
I guarantee you that.
I'll bet your life on it and Carlos too.
That's right.
I didn't worth much.
That's well, I'm telling you right now.
Carlos is either.
He made this mess and now all of us are stewing in it.
All of us are smelling it, man.
Oh my god.
The aroma of the stench is just unbelievable of what this man has created.
If there's a bug, I smell it.
Yeah, well smell this, okay, Mo?
That's for you.
You crusty old fart, you silly old goose,
with checkered pants and bad burrow coos veins.
God.
He's enough to make me pop a big roe right here, a grape-sized hemorrhoid right on his chair.
1227 and 560 WQM, you know, guy's size does matter.
We've been talking that for a long time.
A lot of you are in denial.
According to the Florida Department of Labor,
your computer professionals have got big, impressive paychecks.
And you want to have one too.
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand.
And fast-ranking up you, achieving a new high-paying computer career just for short months.
They've got locations all over town, they're in Kendall, Miami for a lot of Dale Pemberg Pines,
with day-eating and weekend schedule so they make it convenient for you.
So no longer is there any excuse to stay in a dead end, low-paying job,
working for some real schmuck for some real no-talent moron,
when you can start having a real income and some real talent yourself.
Pick up that phone and call fast train right now,
get all the details, there's no obligation.
Call 1-866 fast train and get yourself some skills in a real career.
That's 1-866 fast train.
They've got full-time job placement guaranteed financing too.
Check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com or call them today
and get yourself started on the road to some real big fat paychecks.
1-866 fast train.
5-666 fast train.
5-666 fast train.
666 fast train.
5-666 fast train.
I love the watch, boobs and butts and biting.
What's the crap they played down the hole?
That's power.
What garbage?
The kids today don't know it's good.
Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
How can you listen?
I'm happier I live in a split level head.
You don't remember that?
No.
Why am I so random by morons?
Come on, howie.
Don't you call me howie.
There's nothing to put in action from you, pal.
No!
You're so fast, asshole.
Okay, that's it.
You're all fired.
You're fast, stupid, the fool.
Listen to me.
You're fired.
I'm the king of paradise.
I came down here after losing my child, but to be a big fish.
In a little part.
Good.
When they kicked me off the espion, they told me don't come back again.
I had some problems with my guys who advised I moved to paradise.
Oh, you!
Yeah.
Fire!
That makes me late no Louis 9.
I got you, fuck you.
You're out of fire.
And I hope that chisels like dice.
I hope he dies.
I hope you all die.
I'm a big fish and a little plant to see.
A big fish and a little plant.
I'm a big fish and a little plant to see a little plant.
I'm a big fish and a little plant.
Yeah!
I'm a big money and joy and joy!
How come there's no joy?
Yeah, no.
