Neil sleeping with the beast as he spends days on vacation the beast went up to Toronto to spend a few days with you
No, the beast actually the reason that he's out there this week
Because current stiff them. Oh, yeah, Clarence has taken his job. That's a that's certainly a
Great great horrible piece on the beast in the city link. That's really awful nasty
He has no chance to win
They should have showed the full shot of him in the toilet
Not just toilet paper on his ugly face
Suffers back. He's got no anything. He's just a and then to talk about reason out rich parents
Well, who the hell gives a credit?
He's gonna check with rich parents
Yeah, yeah, I think he might be I think him in Clarence that's sorry might be there
Maybe a little more truth to that than we realize now the reason is clearance as a date tonight as we all go to hand out
Cheeseburgers for breast cancer with what he's got a date with one
He's got no he's got a date with a girl going to the Coral Springs cheese with a real living and breathing girl
And I'm gonna be like a living witness
No, what do you mean about me today for about that? You know low by blow on us tomorrow morning
You said you were gonna ask me about Greg read it on Tuesday and I know he's throwing out the first pitch Saturday night
You think he'll bounce it in I do no I think Greg is gonna hold out for a longer contract with the Marlins
Yeah, I think he will too with the care line of mudcasts
He's got he's gonna threaten to sue the Marlins if they don't give him a longer contract
So it turns out Howard has a blood disorder and he's gonna have to seek treatment
Come on. Yeah, yeah hasn't showed up for work today. He was at the blood doctor yesterday
We're thinking there may be something serious
We're gonna have to have his wife gonna do it next week for five days now
Let's put that story to rest okay because we finally got the real story
We pieced it together as close as we can get and the reason that you won't read about it in the newspapers because Greg is to
Emperors to tell Barry Jackass his mouthpiece about this story when they shift it all the time
And this is your fault by the way
Yeah, when they had to make room for you 8 to 10 and you can kiss
6 to 10 advise a matter of fact now with his story yeah, they violated most contract because it's specifically said 6 to 9
I don't have any 6 to 10 at you know wishes. I would be 8 to 10. I want to lead into you
So I'm gonna take out the world a crap
So I made a mess. I am now your dad so as a
Moe and his agent attorney whoever they they made him an offer they couldn't refuse so they had to rewrite his whole deal and
It's said of an so on and he's there for about 100 years
Hey, you know that the lease house the Panthers two days before
Consisting Toronto both teams are gonna suck so bad that could be the toilet bowl of hockey
It's it's so deep pressing out the big news here is that the Leafs just a reside wait be like
I'm telling you how bad thing I got better news remember last week when you were bragging about the 75 cents dollar
Where he had 69 not her know it all what do you think?
There's worth nothing you're missing your
Seven to see and it's good for Americans. You don't get it. It's cheaper to live here asshole
Your beef is filled with mucus and disease you you worry about your meat now worry about my
There's 40 people dying and some respiratory
You know Marlon tickets away when you should have been doing a tribute to Celia Cruz this morning
Celia Cruz and all of her dancing. What do I care when a whole man drives over people at the Santa Monica pair killing people at the
Farmers markets away matters. You know what his punishment is did you read about it?
They're giving him a new cane no there they banished him to Halendale. I heard he was gonna be in
Harry Rosenberg is gonna get given the key to the city in Halendale. Oh, yeah, well
Lovely area. Doesn't it drive rail run through there is a matter of friends see what's his disguise name Russell Weller
He was driving a Buickless Saber. Yeah, it was a nice red one. They're gonna
Give him a nice Jew canoe a Lincoln continental to drive up and down
Federal Highway in Halendale the Panthers extended their broadcast agreement with WQM 560 Greg Reed cut the deal and overall
Salad would less than two ice-tea. Well, that's something since you can't get sick
I said how about taking jigsaw the new day games on the radio. I already offered my services to the station management that if jigs
Would have a heart attack or some of the arm of cancer would read your body. Obviously. Yes. I would do a one or two day stint
Because there's one thing that I can do is call hockey game people may think I'm an a hole, but I can call a hockey game
Mm-hmm. I'm not very good, but I can call it don't talk too much hockey in this town man forget about it
That's what you said about the Panthers or the
Marlon's you know and what is this?
I'm talking about waiting to come out in a week. I'm not gonna be part of that waiting book if I wanted to give away
200 Marlon tickets every day. That's the same 200 free loaders. That's what where the news are I know I know
I know I got news for why we can save your precious airtime, which we want to hear you
We don't want to hear you giving me a Marlon ticket. Listen to me. I'm listening. Give away season tickets to the same
People that you don't have to do it every day. I agree with you now. Let me ask you this question
Why do you think for some for
Procrastra is reason that I'm gonna be in the
Minute up with the spring book. Why am I suddenly involved in the spring? I was here for like two days
Bull crap. No, you've got me rattled with some kind of ratings thing in the spring
You talk to me after the summer book and fall book April time in with anyone. I was here. Oh, no
We're counting on you. I don't want to put too much on your shoulders, but we're counting on you
Some guy wrote in the hours showing the word some guy wrote in the hours showed us that I can't stand the new guys Jeff
Farrell. Yeah, so I mean that no one knew me until I was a
Rivermer's first names. Is it really? Yeah, for a mer? That's Jeff and his wife is their name is Farrell a Dennis
Pond man. Send him back. Oh, don't know. It's my name's Farrell. Yes
Shimmer. He's I will have you ever met Denise potpan? I know Danny, but I don't know Denise. Yeah
Denise here. Here's his here's his most famous line on the Panther broadcast like a really really
Yeah, he said that on the air. Yeah, that's terrific. Uh-huh, and that was one of his better lines
Do you think up he wrote to me in the hall of fame and if that one didn't impress you he said
A lot of spoons in the year. Yeah. Oh my God
That's Denise potpan. Yeah, I've done frog in the dictionary his pictures next to it
I don't give a flying crab about p-ros. He's a major ass
P-ros P-ros used to sit across from well not used to but one night
He came up to pop it all park in the dining room
Santa the table across from us and he's sitting there with some sleazy broad and he's got he's got a hundred dollar bills
And I from what people tell me does this all the time to try to impress everybody
He's got a stack a hundred dollar bills on the table never cashed about losing and losing and losing his ass
Sounds like Dennis Rodman anybody
It says that p-ros doesn't have a compulsive gambling problems full of crap
He's an asshole should he be in the hall of fame? Yes, I was reading article yesterday about the Roberto all
Alamar and the Toronto papers said that because of his spitting herchback because of that incident
He won't be in a hall of fame and he's in the same category with people like Ryan Sandberg who are just a little bit under
How can Ryan Sandberg not be in a hall of fame?
He was a class act
Ryan Sandberg was great and I'll give you a classic example Bill Mazer-Roskey is in a hall of fame for one reason
Because he hit the home run at 160 World States
No, he's in gives the best second basement of all time
Bill Mazer had an error in his career
He's your crazy mind
He never committed an error at second base
He's better than Ryan Sandberg
We turned the 6.3 double play turn the double play better than anybody in the history of baseball
Ryan Sandberg could hold Mazer-Roskey's the ball without an error
Good oldest glove
Good oldest glove and you should know that old man
Don't start with you, Mazer-Roskey
And Ryan Sandberg's season ticket holder 69 cent mad cow eating herpes
Most blood disorder I gotta go, I'm gonna have a...
Is that true about most blood disorder?
No, but it's true that Greg redid the deal over two iced teas
Yeah, we can only pray about more
Oh, good luck
Have a great day Scott
Good luck to you
I'm listening on the next visco
The doctor has his hands full with Mr. Klepto
Yeah, Dr. Visto, I have a problem
I seem to...
I have a club domain problem
Sure, I know that's rare
Sure
I'm coming, I think you still may
Sure, how you tried masturbating
I...
Have not
I suggest you try masturbation
You mean...
In the store?
No, no, I mean now, for instance, uh...
Uh, while you were...
I'm...
At home
I'm masturbating now
No, I didn't mean now...
Oh, yes
You misunderstood, I don't mean now on the phone
Oh, yes
You see, I am
Sure
Sure
Sure
Oh
Dr. Visto, weekdays at noon
Okay, the important reason that we play that today
masturbation could protect against prostate cancer
Study suggests
Oh!
In the Abritish Independent newspaper, ready for that?
I do that
Masturbating more than five times a week between the ages of 20 and 50 could protect men against prostate cancer
Australian researchers claim today
They think ejaculation, score, score, could flush cancer, cause and chemicals out of the prostate
That walnut-sized sex gland that lies at the neck of the urethra and the bladder
Maybe we could play some urethra songs in a background for this
Okay, another possibility is that it induces the prostate cells to mature fully making them less susceptible to carcinogens
Not exciting?
Uh-huh, I'm excited
So precise
Professor Graham Jarls from the Cancer Council of Victorian Melbourne Australia discovered the apparent link reported today in New Scientist magazine
After questioning a thousand seventy nine men to wait prostate cancer about their sexual habits
He then compared them with twelve hundred fifty nine men of the same age
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their twenties
Were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life
The results of the new study contradict previous studies which suggested that having many partners or frequent sex increases the risk of prostate cancer by up to forty percent
Professor Jarls recorded the overall number of ejaculations whether or not intercourse was involved and suggested
That infections caused by intercourse might help promote prostate cancer
The more you flush the ducts out the less there is to hang around and damage the cells that lie on them said Professor Jarls
So when a doubt flush them out, squirt squirt, that's the message okay, that's new science
That's just a couple of weeks ago they were telling us that hair would grow on the palms of your hands and you would go insane
And now it's like good for you squirt squirt and a doubt while flush them out
I'm getting choked up about it
I'll speak into getting choked up
I have to admit, although YouTube guys would never make our sales department
By the way, speaking of sales, George Hates, Gary Sarner, like poison, Gary you're an asshole
Nice to see that things haven't changed
What an asshole he is, you know
Yeah, I know
But before we get to that, you've made very poor salespeople because you almost didn't talk me into rewatching the end of a beautiful mind
And nobody in the audience did either by the way, what a great movie
Right, I'm a lousy salesperson, I'll admit that
Yes, and so is Voner boy
Sorry, my bad
No, seriously, if you had said, now it's really worth it, I mean, you know, there would have been a way
And it's just by luck, I don't know, I thought I'll give it a shot
And if you can withstand, if you can take some no-dos and withstand the first 40 minutes which are slow as molasses
Oh my god, slow and ponderous
Kind of like listening to a pop-lid word speak, you know, from Woodward and Bernstein, Gary, here's CM on TV
No, he talks real slow and very deliberate Larry and he's very, oh god ponderous
So the first 30 to 40 minutes of that movie, you think nothing is ever going to happen, where is this thing going?
And then like you said, it turns out completely different
Not what you think it was
In addition to which, because of the twist and turns in the story, you don't really know for sure what the deal is
That's right
I'm not one of those people that cries the movies a lot, but I was teared up at the end of that movie
It was tugging
You had to be a stone, you had to be a rock, an emotional stone, not to get at least get choked up a little bit
The last 20 minutes of that flick
Right, speech?
That speech is at the end
Oh beautiful mind, yeah, that's when it just hit me
I just went to peace and I didn't go to peace, but I did get a little, you know, a couple of tears
So anyway, guess who else hates Mo?
I am very good authority
Joining the list of the thousands and millions of people all over America who hate Mo Howard David and like Poison
I don't want to mention names, but the name of the person is
I am very good
Who allegedly hates him like Poison
Are you starting up with him after just finding out about his blood?
When I think of him
Yeah, I'm hoping if we talk about it enough it'll put him over the edge, he can croak before Monday
Yeah, the Gellies doing pretty good by himself on there, by the way the audience likes that
Yeah, they do
They do, and I like it too
Although I will say this Gellie, I mean at least while you're on, when you get rid of that Wonton tomato guy, Jesus God
No wonder Celia Cruz dies, he probably heard Wann on a morning show
Give her a brain tumor, I mean seriously wouldn't that put you over the edge?
I have Wann
Wann, you're beyond chronic, I don't think in our lifetime we ever had a chronic as bad as Wann
I mean one that we actually put on the ear
Oh, no
You see what I'm saying?
Yeah, right
Oh, impossible
Anyway, we got a lot of Celia Cruz stuff to talk about
Good God
That McGell, you're such a silly spick me up, by the way McGell's gonna be a daddy
Wait a minute, I shouldn't have said that, should I?
No, we said it on the ear, we made it in the end
Wonder they get married?
When are they getting married?
Or had they got married?
In a month
They're getting married in a month and she's pregnant, that's bad
Ah, sliding it right under the wire, she's not gonna show
He slid it in before the wire if he has married
Ten, fourteen, five, sixty, WQM, happy Thursday, two, his sonny here, it's beautiful
So 73 degrees, low humidity
Same, we got that stones concert coming up on the 30th, the guests who are gonna be there, ACDC, Rush
Ah, Isley Brothers
Just a take-up out
How low can those interest rates go?
You've probably been wondering, well now the financial group is doing the limbo rock
Under the lowest refinance rate you ever heard of, how low? 1.95%
It's true, now you can refinance your home or buy you a new home and get super low
1.95% financing with financial group
Call them today and find out about this and save yourself a Schmidtload of cash
1-800-940-LND, LEDND
If you're even thinking about refinancing a buying real estate, you really ought to be doing this call financial group
1-800-940-LND, and talk about savings, listen to these numbers
If you have you a $100,000 loan, your payments are only $268 bucks a month
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $736 a month
So call financial group toll free
1-800-940-LND, get the low, low rate you'll be looking for 1.95%
Financial group, call them today, there's no obligation, they'll explain to you how this works
1-800-940-LND, LEDND, that's financial group, they're an equal housing lender
Credit restrictions apply, rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR
My life and low, this is 4.056
You weigh in and weigh in
Yeah
It didn't play
Yeah, well how about if we play the, is that the end of the break?
Yeah, unfortunately
The big H
That's it?
The big H
The United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people
Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression
Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait
It's just the way it's going to be
We like to be the dumb who say and it's him with a whine
Sit back and watch his head explode like a melon way to life
He tried to steal away Kuwait and beat the OUCHI
He'll let you go up to his head and blow away this heat
He won't need to be us, I got it too far
Then he'd come way up with the land and the sun
Fight for life whatever it is
I'll be the champion in the game with the sheep
He's going to pay
The sun will pay
The sun will pay
The sun will pay
Boy sure haven't heard that in a long time you know it?
About 100 years
Anyway here are we off to like kind of a rocky start here this morning or something?
Or is it just my imagination?
Yeah, was either my phone moving fingers or
That's probably what it was
Or what an act of God is that what it was?
Yeah, yeah
Here's the pull that George took yesterday
Good pull and excellent South Florida pull
I'm just going with the flow man
Well, no that's right that's South Florida for you
I hate what do you hate?
Now George hates Gary Sarner like poison
I should have put away in Heisenga hates Moe and Anakin
So does everybody else
And the rumors hate George like poison
And the feeling is mutual
And I hate Moe like poison and I'll dance on his grave and fart in his face
And other than that
Everybody hates everybody in South Florida
See that's one of the big differences between a place like Toronto and South Florida
Everybody here basically if they don't like each other
They at least put on a good act and they get along and it's friendly
And as opposed to down there where they want you to know how much they hate you like poison
Is that my friend on line six the West Palm Beach call because you know it's not from West Palm
Here's West Palm Beach, hello
Hello
He's not even here I thought it was retire
We sure miss a day without him you know it
Anyway here was the pull from George yesterday I hate Republicans to 102 that one hands down
I see I could have voted well Republican isn't the right term right wing assholes would have been a better term
Because not all Republicans are our right wing assholes just most
By the way they are going to bring Russ Weller from Santa Monica California 86 year old Russ Weller killed all those people yesterday
Hit the gasses to the break they're going to bring him to Hallendale
Give him the key to the city in turn and loosen a jukenoo
I thought he was going to be more chauffeur
He's going to be Moe moe moe moe she who?
Religious people I hate religious people 140
I could have voted for that but I didn't
Asshole drivers 135 like Russell weller 86 of Santa Monica California coming soon to sunrise
Reality TV 109 people hate that
80 now there was a real good battle we had going on between you and Moe yesterday
I thought to myself how embarrassing when you're doing the show how embarrassing would that have been?
If you were like come really close luckily for you Moe pulled away
Absolutely
He put on the actor burners and pulled away in spite of his blood disorder Moe had 87 votes
87 people hate him like poison 66 people hate George what?
What?
66 you said it likes sports
Well I'm just getting so big I ate two pieces of generous salami because I ran out of bacon I forgot to get some
So I had a little bit of generous salami here Moe I'm like it's good stuff though
58 people including me said they hate South Florida that was my vote
That's all just and keep in mind that's 5% but that's 5% of the people are actually are there now
You see what I'm saying right in other words the people who bailed out because they can't stand the heat and humidity and the assholes and the driving and everything else
They're not even there to vote
My life 40
45 people said I hate my life well isn't that great? I wonder if Bonerboy voted for that
No he voted for George
I think what he was trying to say was
I have no life
The homeless voice and the Cubans 40 now see that's amazing to me only 41 people said they hate Cubans I think it was
It went on late
Oh I went on for really what were there is a mate they had all night to vote on this homeless voice and Cubans how about Cubans?
How about Harala at least one thing you'll say homeless voice there are no Cubans in homeless voice are there?
Not that I know of
I never saw any
I see white guys who look like they just crawl out of a dumpster and sparsos that's all I see I don't see any Cuban homeless voice people
Pretty much
So there's something we can say for the Cubans right?
Inclaible
34 people hate Democrats so let's see 202 a.t. Republicans 34 Democrats so that should give you a pretty good idea of this crowd
31 hate Pat Robertson late addition also
28 hate the a bit hour our one to two hour that we do about now does that include like just Wednesdays or nearly or the fact we're doing it every day during the summertime?
Well we didn't make the distinction I see but that's only 2.3% right?
Hate it enough to vote for it 28 people at almost 1200 people
They don't hate it enough to call during that hour or like contribute
Well listen ask me if I care do I care? No
I like it not just because it kills an hour first of all it's the summertime people don't lot world war three
I learned this from the great jury Williams many years ago
Remember jury Williams because Tom jikershure don't oh that's right Tom's in LA getting wind and dine by all those Hollywood the big shots
But anyway in the summertime especially but even audio round itself Florida in the middle of the day in the afternoon people don't want heavy duty
They don't want world war three they want a few laughs it's hot they're frustrated with the drivers out there they're sweating up a storm
Their life is a turn into crap right and for from the rise they don't want like world worth three
Especially in the summertime when it's 100 degrees in the shade so that one to two hours a nice bread in addition
Which I got all these hundreds of new bits today between one and two I'm going to try to play everything stuff that we haven't like that last bit I played right haven't played in a long time
Which believe me I'm finding tons of crap or you know what which one though I love the I do this love it's like angel baby with rosy and the originals
I love the way sawdemy starts oh yeah and there's nothing I can do about that because that's just the way it is which adds like a little flare to it
28 people hate to bid our too bad this is disturbing to me and it shows you how parochial south float is 23 people I'd foreigners I mean what does that mean foreigners you know people from other countries oh them kind I mean what kind of crap is that again that's another reason why if anybody says south Florida my name is a world class city
I'm right in the ground okay world class my ass 22 hate their ex 18 domestic minorities now what how does that domestic minorities you know minorities who were born here yeah yeah what does that include I mean did you go over to any or all of the above yeah blacks and fags and iris and Irish and Germans and crowds and 18 hate that 18 a broccoli that's obviously a George do you want to go to that yeah
hmm 18 hate their job let's see 15 hate Gary Sarner see it's too bad that episode didn't happen earlier in the day you could have put Harry Sarner on after the show yeah 16 said they hate their wife other people's children 15
for our voice 11 late edition also eight people said they hate green party people you know who you left off here I'm I'm so huh what I made it like a real big list and you know who you left off who peda oh yeah oh yeah let's go down
and get some votes the people green party people eight paid parking seven what does that mean they hate paid parking somebody called and said parking somehow that wound up paid parking on the pole and I don't know why it was a lot luckily it had only seven very
crowd five people ate their parents five people said they hate people who don't follow their religion two people the airlines and one my husband well 15 said they hate 16 said their wife and one my husband that's
because we got mostly guys listening right on your sports intensive guy station too bad about Celia Cruz no relation to Freddie Cruz from the gentle storm what was that the gentle breeze whatever the
white white star quiet storm Celia Cruz is dead and a hero only devoted a whole bunch of pages that story today I mean it took me 55 pages of fast
paper just to pronounce the old god damn story so I got a read like one or two pergaret and Miguel comes in there oh everybody knew Celia Cruz I said I never heard of her
I knew Freddie Cruz and I knew hector Cruz and I know Jose Cruz I was ball player heard ever
but we're gonna discuss seeing the Cruz momentarily what we do after the break and we got today's poll which I think is kind of like
interesting I don't think we've ever done exactly that one you know who I left off of that so far I give up well we'll get to it I
have no so what it is right and then we got that great story about Russell well or 86 of Santa Monica California we just killed
a bunch of people and he feels very very sorry about it in fact his driving is he more than being a boy which is saying a lot only
Russell well has gotten excuse he's an old fart he's 86 years old he's clueless I'm a sixth driver see that in that nice I mean it's a horrible
story but at least it happened in California not in South Florida where it doesn't even make the newspaper anymore because it happens almost
every day maybe we can bring not only bring him to Halondale but we can get him a six year license in the mail what do you say Russ
oh yeah sounds good to me everybody and my mother's complex 90 95 110 150 years old they get six year renewals in the
mail some of them have no eyes no arms no legs some of them dead for five years they get a six year renewal in the
mail a restaurant jeb you know how to do it baby 28 past 10 at 560 WQM if you're on the atkins diet if you're on any
low-carborshure free diet finding stuff that you can eat on the diet that's where the top part comes in especially if
you like variety I mean you know you can eat your meat and your cheese and your seafood and your cheese and seafood and
meat but after while even at good stuff and the butter but that gets tired after while you need some snacks something in
between to keep you going that's why you love the lights of Westbok because in this store there are over 900 low-carb
sugar free products to keep you on a straight and narrow pad be sure and try their new low-carb instant cup of soup while
you do is add water and pop it in the old microwave a low carb meal and a cup for delicious flavors be sure and try the
new simply low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast they've got your own individual size cheesecake and brand new just
a recently last couple of weeks duties low carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste carburet ready drink chocolate vanilla
shakes it's a low carb meal in a can the at-laws chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no multitall speaking of the
can you won't have to be on it all day almonds now snack cakes blindies that come in six different flavors and they got
low-carb hot cocoa apple cider and a low-carb a selection of pasta sauces dressings chips chocolates and that
carbon ice cream that you won't find anywhere else in the world this is the place for all you die there's
the lights of Westbok and don't forget all that can brand products are on sale there all day every day in
addition which you can try anything the store before you buy it just pop a little in your
purse the lights is open daily 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of glades road and 441 next to Boston
market column tool free at 1 877 low carb or shop on the web at lowcarb.com don't forget the lights of Westbok is your official
Atkins retail center absolutely
my life and local this is 4205 city
way to way yeah
big day ckw isn't it funny how some taste just take your back like when you were a teenager remember sitting on your
porch and a cool summer evening popping a zit with your fingers and eating it well the great taste is back at the
Puss Palace yes delicious creamy sauce or pus in a cone or a dish with your choice of toppings all the great
taste of your body you enjoyed as a kid like warm hero wax scab chips and our new bugger bits the
Puss Palace ice cream you scream we all scream for pus 1033 at 560 QM here's a lady in Westpom would better get
around right away hello hi good morning come here yes man my name is Jenna it's my birthday today really yeah do
you want to tell us which one well happy birthday Jenna thank you I love your morning show it rules thanks I'm
almost made sure like for half my life because my dad always plays it great well you have a great day Jenna thanks
right see that echo was on the line right all right echo I was here yes it's a little bit of this little bit of
that what do you mean by that I don't tell me to turn the overhead down to the lower here I won't you
huh not mean why is it on this end no it sounds good now yes well what is happening it sounds good
I didn't do anything sounds good over here now yeah I see it was on the phone line okay don't be
picking on poor little chance her birthday see you guys are such bastards that you're gonna like scrub
her birthday with a negativity man no what did they took that point is to who do you hate you know if
it was me I'd say who do you love you know other than your friends and relatives who do you love
but I'm not doing that poor because I'm not fool South Florida now it was it was the perfect pull for
South Florida was excellent fact I was one of Georgia's first good pulls in in long time but turn man
years here's today's pull now the reason I did this aside from Neil is because I'm not one of those
guys that wants to do a pull where we I invite you to like slapping on their back oh we like
you know I hate that stuff I can't stand that what validate me oh and how can we don't put you on
here I don't know don't no we got some other ones to put on here let's see I'm adding George
Rodriguez I haven't told you the full yet well I had him anyway and then I'll say what it is when
I get around to it and I also left off Rick Rally and so it's cool remember we have to put them
on separately could we well we have to put them on separately because we're at the pull question
is aside from Neil the best all-time South Florida radio personality is or was because
the several of these have passed away the big broadcast booth in the sky in other words they're dead
and then my list that I had so far was Rick Shaw Randy Rhodes
Phil Henry are you sure who we used to like a lot?
micronary bill caller Jim Mandage Jim Mandage
all right and Goldberg hey stupid I'm all-howard Davided
absolutely Larry King very King uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
uh-Jerry Williams Bill Tanner what footy big Wilson Alice Rantell Steve Kane
George right now I'm adding these other three make sure we get these on there okay I'm assuming
that we will I just I just say that because the way things are going lately George Rodriguez
Rick Rally and Suds Coleman individual see because the question is aside from Neil the best
all-time South Florida radio personality is or was so you can't put like a uh can we do we want to
put Ron Diaz and Ron Beddington well let's see I was going to ask you about a whole bunch of names
that you know not you know okay well listen that's the idea is to kill a lot of time here we only
got three hours anyway before a big one to two hour I'm no wait huh it's the middle of the summertime
I'm not gonna in addition to which look at what we got we got Miami on line six now you know who this
Miami hello thank you okay now I'm looking at our um hot couples contest and people are going to
say well boy that thing is you're bouncing around but today's only Thursday and we got until
Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock correct so those of you who entered and we appreciate all 18
couples we appreciate very very much that you would degrade yourself to the point of like allowing
us to exhibit you but that's great but it has bounced around at either point we've had like I
think three or four different in fact look what's happening right now so if you have a lot of
friends or if you have somebody out there in the our audience who happens to like you a lot uh
because the rules of the contest just say whoever gets the most votes at the end of a week that's it
right because we can't control what happened anything right we it's just there so if there's
somebody out there it's got like a daisy chain going or whatever uh whatever right right right
I mean if it sounds helpless that's because we're helpless to control it so let's have fun with it
and let them get upset Alexa and Mandy are in first place with 463 coming from the middle of the
pack to like blow into first they're blowing it Maggie and Tom 424 they had a comfortable lead early
but boy Maggie and Tom uh I don't know as a matter of fact Aaron and Brandon continue being on
their ass they got 399 and today's big move so far Brittany and Greg 335 again coming from
nowhere and it looks to me like they're zooming toward the top Natalie and Adrian who actually
moved into first place briefly 321 they ran out of friends or whatever or supporters
Rich and Cheryl 113 who have tried before and they're trying it again Adrian and David 11
Michelle and Rick 95
Rick Helen Donovan 72 uh Brecht and Danielle 51 they should be doing a little bit better than that
I try to remain very neutral because I don't want to be accused of influencing but they should
be doing a little bit better uh Yanet and Peter 33 am I still don't believe I'm saying that right
Yanet sure whatever Yanet Silje is that like Cindy Lumet yeah uh Laurie and Mike had got 32 votes
Kimberly and Bob 29 uh I don't know if maybe I shouldn't go all the way to the bottom I guess I will
Doris and Kelvin Kevin 17 sorry Kevin uh Eileen and Ben only 14 now they also it seems to me
what's wrong with them what I feel like they just don't have any friends I guess marina bill 13
event and Nelson 13 and Maria and Michelle have got only nine you know Michael
I beg your pardon Michael okay would you just relax I didn't even get the word out of my
that's how you say it in French I see we just need look French
Maria and Michael have nine votes only not a 2500 and 44 which that sounds like a very
impressive total after only a couple of days and I bet you like some of those votes are for real
yeah maybe maybe now Maria and Michael ought to be doing better than nine votes but the problem is
and I hate to say this Michael but you look a little if you had a silly hat on you know who he'd
look just like bill huh oh how many clues do I have to give you if he had a real silly hat on
were you drudge packing oh no he looks just a little tad like Miss Fudge no he's not sure
he's a much a metric old a much nicer person and the plus he's straight Michael so anyway
they're in last place at the moment but things are changing dramatically on our right and we got
all the way to the next Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock here's that the poll today now let's see
did we say we're gonna add Ron Diaz and Ron Bennington or not yes we did here's a fact that says
make sure NR knows that yesterday coming out of these 730 to 35 break more referred to him as a
stupid old daughtering fool well that's original that would be like going on here and saying you're
reading the same two books that that from else father said he was reading the day before and lying
about it not even knowing the name of the second book we're on the mo absolute no world is on your
plus that bogus deal that you coerced with a Greg I mean talk about an asshole talk about forcing
yourself into a place where you know you're not wanted you're reminds me of an awful awful movie
sent of a woman without patino where he shows up at his relative's house for thanksgiving even
though he knows that some of them hate him like poison and don't want him there and creates this
confrontation and they wish to hell he would die and leave and everything else and but he insists
on being there I see the same apparel with Mohawar david absolutely even though he knows that
everybody wants him out of there in the worst possible way or the best possible way or on a stretcher
he just insisting and so he found that the technical glitz there that grand court that's Greg
again Greg you know improving with one hand and screwing things up with the other hand kind of the
in and the yang the in and the out the up and the down trying to balance out his mistakes nice go
but Greg will be throwing out the birth pitch at the Marley games 30 night anybody care no
thanks by the way Bob for informing me about that daughtering a court and see that's what I call
him all the time so again rather than coming up with original material on his own all he does like
if we ought to call him mode of parrot in fact there's another idea for our website we got
mozo the clown we got the dancing dwarf mo we got little baby moe with the diapers there karate
kicking moe how about moze for the birds
in
oops
I
when I'd win to learn I
look that
In this spring, driving home, I was all alone,
thinking someone's playing tricks on me.
But in the rear view mirror, I could see Jesus staring back at me.
I saw Jesus on the stick of all of my.
I saw Him on my path of toaster and the sea in my path.
All my friends think of us and the rhythmic bar.
Oh, I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
Oh, I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
I saw Him on the side of the taht of where the looked at on my path.
I saw Him in the bollies big giddy in the sky,
I saw His mother's car.
Yes, I saw Jesus on the stick of all of my.
I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
I saw Him on my path of toaster and the sea in my path.
All my friends think of us and the rhythmic bar.
Yes, I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
Oh, I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
I saw Jesus on the stick of all of.
My mother is crying and, uh, ripping hair out.
Yes, I'm sure your momma is crying most of the time,
basically because of the terrible things you say about her
running her right now, let's see this.
Were you intending to fax this to me or to eric again?
Or just to, uh, tall sagte me just to stay ahead of, uh, is this?
Who are you sure Architecturally� bashin honest?
I don't believe this.
Bill Calder for Mohawar, David for Randy Rhodes for Rick Shaw, three.
George Rodriguez has a pair.
Mike Reneer has got two Rick Raleigh, two Ron Bennington, two Jerry Williams, one Big Wilson,
one Hank Goldberg, one.
No votes yet for Alice Rantell, Steve Cain, Larry King, Bill Tanner.
What?
Fuddy or Ron Diaz?
How do you like that?
The cigar store Indian.
Boy, he was really an asshole, you know what?
Yeah.
He was.
Man.
Humorless?
Humorless wooden, self-absorbed, piece of turd.
The only thing that he had gone for him, and I told him that I didn't put him in those terms,
but he had a voice that sounded like Howard Stern.
He didn't hear of anything else.
Huh?
How dare you?
You got a lot of nerve-saying.
Yeah, I just stuck that hand grenade in my mouth and pulled the pin again.
Never seen that.
The quote Tommy Kramer, who still hasn't done any drugs.
Well, those were the days, those bizarre few months at Paxing, you know what?
Oh, that was so strange that whole period of time makes me want to play that song.
Is it gonna make you want to play that song?
Make you want to hear the song.
Make you want to hear that song and think of those good old days.
They saw this radio station and the future is in town.
Yes.
You're doing this, huh?
Nope.
Something I've seen, but it's not like we would know where hair is.
By the way, don't be afraid.
We hate you, molder.
I think that it's a bummer when the Henry's gone.
Okay.
Say goodbye to Aaron, someers say hi to Ron and Ron.
They're gonna work for Paxing.
And that's a matter of fact.
They're gonna work for Paxing.
But he'll need change in his act.
I've said so born again, Christian.
Boy, God Jesus, he can be.
He wants to change the stations, letters, the WGOT.
Now we'll work for Paxing.
Paxing is a pleasure, new thoughts.
Paxing, the Pax we have gone on, one compaction.
Paxing, Paxing, Paxing, make the sign of the crop.
In the label.
10.51 at 5.60 W.D.C.
I'm thinking of some of these great people that we worked with over there at Paxing.
Briefly.
Engineer Max.
We'd like to Shmoos.
He'd like to eat.
He'd like to cruise.
He'd like to eat.
He didn't like to work too much, though.
You forgot adultery.
He'd like to adultery and cruise.
I said cruise.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Give it a good word.
I guess you didn't see that movie without Patino.
Yeah, I did, actually.
Neither did I.
I sure didn't.
I'm glad.
Oh, in other words, that movie you would go and see with nothing.
I just go and see it.
Don't do it.
Like I would go and see that.
Yeah.
Someone put it in the machine and said, hey, here's a good movie.
You should watch it without telling me what it was about.
Who said that, Pat Robertson?
I'm a faggot.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no.
No faggot was said that that was a good movie.
Trust me.
That's exactly how it went.
Unless it was like some self-hating faggot.
Ding, ding, ding.
There you go.
Like I said, Pat Robertson.
A horrible movie.
But you won't watch it atown there, Mr. Ripley.
I will watch it.
I'm just waiting for someone to visit you for free.
Right.
I'm a cheapskate.
Anyway, you're writing on the list here.
Alex Bennett.
Yeah.
He made it impact.
Which the only line.
How come this thing isn't working out?
The only line.
Just relax.
Okay.
I got it in here.
If I had the ability to do, I'd take you out here right now.
Take your goddamn teeth in.
That was Alex Bennett throwing a snip with poor Rick and suds, having a nervous breakdown.
And then just like so many others, like Tom, don't like us before him.
We're not putting him on the list.
Just, you know, gotten this is little meada and his wimpy little meada and the high tailed out of town.
Tom, like us.
We forgot him.
I just got through a sandwich.
We're not putting him on the list.
We're not putting him on.
Well, you want to put him on there?
Go ahead.
I don't care.
It's free.
It's L-E-Y-K-I-S.
Don't include that leather jacket.
Lakers.
Dick Farrell.
Dickie Farco.
Do you think anybody remembers him?
I did.
I had to work with him.
Stan Major.
Right.
By the way, Stan needs your car for a few days.
George, his car is in the shop.
Really?
No, you don't, you know this story?
No.
I was up here.
Now, keeping in mind, this is the guy who said that I was an overpaid talent.
This is the guy who, when I told him I'd resound, he needed my contract with IODs, slammed the phone down.
I'm here hung up on me.
And I'm up here in Toronto.
Calls the house and tells John that his car is in the shop.
Can you get ahold of me because he needs to borrow one of my Corvettes for four days?
Are you ready for that?
I was there.
Stan Major.
Now, a New Start Radio 610, W-I-O-D.
If you've missed the last show, you missed this.
Well then, what the hell is your problem?
Pain is in New York, fella.
What he was doing is your, I don't want to stay in back.
I just told you that.
Well then, who do you want?
Who do you want?
You want Alan Burke?
I don't want that.
I think you want Joe, you're Reynolds?
So what?
They want the hell do you want in the air?
Silence?
Is that all we have to do?
What do you give me a name?
But is that all we have to do?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have to do?
What kind of content do you want during two to six?
I did.
Here, the next Stan Major show.
This afternoon at two on New Start Radio 610, W-I-O-D.
And of course, how could we have left off?
I am that him, right?
Joey Reynolds, right?
It's for you.
I'm certain that his little group of his little coterie of misfits
still be delighted to vote for Joey on the poll.
Sure.
So your psychic power strike again?
Yes.
Just last night on the way home from Treasure Island,
Boca-Brion was filling me in on the olden days before I showed up,
before I came to town, with Stan Major and the set-up calls.
You mean like the great show that Stan did about what kind of watch you were
and then you tried to move away dark shows?
Well, I brought up some of those Milky Way dark shows in the end of the video.
But like the whole EJ thing and everything, say I was, you know, around for all of that
with the set-up calls, which I thought really set-up calls, you got to be, uh,
Josh and me.
No, he wasn't Josh and me.
Oh, we don't have that EJ thing in here?
Oh, I know what it's under.
I know what it's under.
Let me file a file.
Here it is.
Hello.
There's a lot of money in the cell.
All the advantages, all the things that I've got to do.
You know, the interesting part about this business is no matter who you put on the year,
that particular individual will attract a certain little core.
And in some cases, a very little core, but nevertheless, a core of...
Miss Smith?
A core of bizarre individuals.
Miss Smith, whatever you want to call it, a core of groupies,
who are specifically geared to that one person.
You see what I'm saying?
Oh, I know.
Like what Stan, it was EJ and DJ and, uh, Paul Harvey Jr.,
I think he invented him, I do believe.
That's what Bokobrine was telling me as a matter of fact,
because that's how it got started.
It was like, where did we come from?
Of course, we can always blame Bokobrine for what's his name?
They're Chris Baker.
And Cheky Patterson.
Cheky Patterson.
Why isn't he on there?
Yeah, get Chris Baker on the list.
That's a good one.
Who's not turned into another right-wing talk host.
How unusual.
They're flaming right-wing talk host in...
Where would he be?
He was in Omaha, and I was somewhere in Texas, in Bumfork, Texas.
Where would he be?
Seca, just goes to Shoya.
There's a hope for you, George.
In fact, George has got some votes on here.
Aside from Neil, the best all-time South Florida radio personality was,
Isar was, Phil Henry.
Okay.
21.
I had a feeling.
He's always, every time we do anything similar to this,
he always does it, although not probably not overwhelming,
because now a lot of people hate him like Poison.
But at least when he was local in South Florida, IOD,
he was a great.
Jim Nandage 12, Suds Coolman 8, Randy Road 7, Randy.
RAH-WAH!
George Rodriguez 6 tied with Rick Shaw, and now that's really amazing.
Rick Shaw, a legend in the market, been on the year for over 40 years,
the longest standing, South Florida radio personality,
Ricky Tickey's only got six votes, and George has got six.
And we were listening to Rick Shaw air checks from 1966 on the way home
from Treasure Island last night.
How do you like that?
I'm got W.A.
My good personal friend Rick Shaw, who loves this show,
whose most famous line was...
It's a lie.
I am not, but not see.
At least not with the capital in Rick, right?
George Rodriguez 6, Rick Shaw 6, Hank Goldberg 5,
Ron Bennington 5.
Oh, how are you, David and 4?
You better get it up, Mo.
Mo.
Absolutely.
Uh, Mike Winnery 4, Rick Riley 4, Bill Carter 4, Bill Tanner 3.
What?
Big Wilson 2.
See, now a lot of this is based on time.
You're right.
The time frame.
In other words, some of these people, uh, who'd help remembers them, you know?
If you're not an old fart like me, if you're not a dottering old fool like me and Mo.
We are sports radio 5.6.
UAM.
Merry Christmas from CKW.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And go through the messy f***.
George's going with that head.
Won't still bring back Hitler's butt.
And I sent my douchebag.
Hey, the LeBunner, my skirt.
Watch out my rosebeef, squirt.
Don't make coffee with the gas.
One of my favorites is a bag.
I would like to recall him too.
If only he was in a few.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
He's a big black.
If there's many, sir, who are?
What would he do to his girl?
Or a rosebeef hanging, oozing past?
Who might have tried to f*** her?
I know that ain't come true.
So, is that here's what I'll do?
I'll give my Hamilton a good rub.
My highlight cost takes make me come.
Love it on a two of five sixty.
Come down there.
Come down in.
1102.
We got the Mad Dog coming up at the highly popular Mad Dog,
who's right on Phil Henry's ass by the way in the assurvey.
All right.
Here's the fact that says if you really want to revisit the
Paxton Days, why don't you ask John Ford to block Georgia's
car again?
I don't know what that means.
When we, uh, there was a big raid involving Chris,
remember Chris Reed and Sam, remember your good buddy Sam
when we had to go and get our show materials out of there
and they wouldn't let us have it.
Yeah.
So we loaded up the van with my cabinet, which is in here now
and all those dats, which is at the core of the DCS.
And a whole bunch of CDs and a whole bunch of other things
that belong to us.
Right.
They wouldn't let us leave with it.
And so Pete Bolder told John Ford to block the van
in with his car, which he did.
And then they called the cops.
And I don't remember any of this.
You weren't in here.
Yeah.
This was during your seven month hiatus and I came back
and they came.
You're going to spend a month paying limbo.
I love that.
Right.
Let's try that again.
What are you saying?
A week later I came back and Pete Bolder, who told me
don't worry, you can just get your stuff when you come back.
Lied.
And wouldn't let us have my stuff, my stuff.
And so we had to raid the building.
Our good friends let us into the building.
Helped us load the van up.
But then when John Ford arrived on the scene, he blocked the car.
You're just got through telling us this.
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
Didn't he just tell us this, Bean or Boer, am I dreaming?
Yeah, he did.
What are you repeating the whole story again?
Let's hope it's effective to make sure that you got it the first time.
Oh, I see.
So what was the upshot of the story?
We got away with our stuff.
Pete Bolder kept a box of vests of dats.
And still has them, I guess.
Yeah.
What do you know we can do with me?
We can stick them up his hand.
Get out of here.
God.
Be better than most of the crap he's putting on here.
Here's the fact that it says kudos for scolding Furella on your cross over this morning.
It's sickening to hear the, oh yeah, listen, I love Furella.
I'm not doing any disclaimers.
I keep saying that because it's true, but.
But it says it's sickening to hear the leeches in this town call and beg for $4 tickets
during Furelles' giveaways.
I've listened to you bitch about that aspect of this town for a while,
especially the women who call and beg.
And as usual, you have your finger running in the pulse too.
I'll keep listening for similar words of wisdom since this chronic factor.
You are right on top of it, man.
It sucks.
I want to hear him doing this thing.
I'm like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
I want to hear that.
I don't want to hear.
Okay, we got, we need six.
We got you covered.
We got, okay.
Denise, you need ten.
We got you covered.
What is that?
What is that?
Let's give away $50,000 in tickets.
What do you say?
Okay.
Let's give $200,000 in tickets.
That'll be a hot seller.
I mean, you give me a chance to fill up a couple of sections,
given out tickets for free.
What is that proof?
I mean, you talk about beating a dead horse,
even C. Biscuit ain't dead dead.
It is just a lost cause.
And, well, you know, maybe they're going to get hot, maybe darn out,
and they make the playoffs.
I have never in my life encountered anything, anything,
like the whole Marlon experience,
where they're just trying to flagulate and just beaded into the ground.
You can't force people to care about something that they don't.
In fact, there was an article yesterday, and one of the papers here,
about the interest in Major League Baseball is way down.
And Bud Seedig is doing his best degree of bet minimization.
Oh, everything is just fine.
No problem.
You know, we don't have no problems.
Interest is way, way down.
The ratings for the All Star Game last night, way, way down.
Or whatever it held later was.
A Tuesday night.
So, what the hell are they kidding?
And, like we're going to devote the whole goddamn radio station
during the sports hours to the Marlins and Marlin tickets,
and who's throwing off the first pitch,
and Greg Reed is throwing the first pitch.
Greg Reed, maybe ought to get the microphone
and make an announcement there in the stadium on Saturday night,
and admit that he made a bad mistake there,
which allowed mode of snooker room in.
Nice going, Mo.
Absolutely.
I'm almost, and again, I underline the almost part,
almost on most side on that, you know what?
You follow what I'm saying?
I understand.
They change, they had a right in the contract,
and they heard him do six to nine,
and then they shove his time slot back,
which is great with me.
I like to see him on like from three to four in the morning,
kind of like a guest on the Jo and Mark show.
That's the most.
And then they think they can just, you know, and that's it.
And when you're dealing with somebody as devious and dangerous
and conniving as he is, you don't pull crap like that,
because then you wind up paying for it.
That's why you have a right about it in your newspaper,
because Greg is trying to keep it a secret,
which is especially why I keep talking about it every time
that I'm on, which you ought to be glad it's the summer schedule.
How about Alan Courtney?
It says, of course, he was on for a long time.
About 30, man.
A million years.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ah.
This is excellent.
This fact, you just sent me with a phony signature on it,
but it's cute.
It says, hey, Neal, what about Sunny Fox?
And it's signed Ron Hershey.
Hi, this is Sunny Fox.
I listen to you, Rogers, because I could hear the word asshole.
Oh, yeah.
I had those glorious days when we had the Ron Hershey highway.
And what did he call that thing where he used to do those phony
corny, awful interviews?
Oh, my God.
I wouldn't have.
Oh, and Clarence was sitting in there sucking Ron Hershey's ass.
Well, he got some good practice for the beast, I guess.
Oh.
Here's one that says, and I see this is not right.
His name wasn't Gene Michael McCay.
It was the, it was an initial G Michael McCay.
Right.
It says, creative innovator of JJ Moose,
that Elvis Polo ponies for the poor and the dysfunctional father.
Okay, G Michael McCay.
Got him on there.
We got it.
Good.
Phil, hangry, walk it away with it so far.
34, mandates 19, suds, clomot 11,
micrinary, nine, George Rodriguez nine.
I'll get out of here with all due respect to George.
Read the question again.
Okay, aside from Neal, the best all time softwater radio personality
user was George Rodriguez is tied with micrinary with nine votes.
I mean, come on, folks.
Are we on the air?
Is this a joke?
Squirt, Squirt.
I don't see any calls on that board.
I don't see any reviews on a beautiful mind.
People call him and say, oh, you're right.
It was a great movie.
In fact, that's the reason I almost didn't watch it.
It was just you two guys.
Right.
And that was the end of that.
Also, no more names coming in for a list.
I think we got most of them so far.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'll do screen list the rest of the two hours.
Don't be answering no phones.
Okay, you got a lot of very important stuff in there to do.
I love you.
Take a defense team.
You got to take care of those bedtime stories.
You got to get ready for your defense
that you're going to mount in your 17 cases year coming up.
Under a lot of stress, that's what happens when your life is a piece of crap.
When you can't get your life in order to affect that, we're going to stick you right in there with what's his name?
Old Russell from Santa Monica.
Russell Crowe.
Russell Crowe.
And that's another thing that really isn't disturbing to me.
So maybe he is an asshole, okay?
Yes.
That's what everybody says.
Yes.
But his acting in that movie was so sensational.
Right.
He's a good actor.
Didn't he win an Academy Award for that?
Yep.
Did he or just Jennifer Connolly?
No, he won't.
I think he won something.
I could go get the disc in the other room and look on it, but I'm not going to.
I'll do it during the break.
And she was great in the movie.
Although he was.
I mean, you can't compare it.
No, he does a good act.
When he showed up in the movie, I thought he was all about him.
Right.
It was amazing.
And she was great.
She was very good.
It was fantastic.
But so he's an asshole.
I'm not looking to go to dinner with him.
Okay.
I'm not looking to socialize with him.
I'm looking at his work, his art, his performance.
All this other crap is so extraneous.
It bugs their hell out of me.
All this personal garbage, you know.
I mean, look at some of the people we work with.
Like Mo, he's an asshole.
Absolutely.
But look at what a great show he might be doing someday.
Look at a great show.
He doesn't have the Marlon game at the dolphin games.
The only problem being.
I mean, when you're doing a job like he is on the games and somebody that owns a team,
hates you.
When I think of.
And I'm not just making that up.
I got that and very, very good authority.
Somebody I respect and trust very much.
Here's a question.
It says, did you read the first paragraph of the AP story and the murder and bloodshed at the market?
Authorities were investigating why the 86 year old man's car plowed through a crowded farmer's market,
killing nine and drinking up to 45 others.
Whether the driver was competent to be behind the wheel in the first place.
It says under what guidelines do you find an 86 year old man driving through three blocks of people competent?
It must be the US intelligence doing the investigation.
It's a matter of fact.
They thought he had that uranium from Niger.
Yeah.
They thought he was the guy that was carrying it in the trunk of his car.
Which is why they put him on a high chase and he like veered off the road right under that market.
Well, that was a weapon of mass destruction.
Poor Russell.
Audio used to the Queen of Salsa.
You've been interrupting me so much.
I haven't had time to really do a pay her or do my best.
One of your very favorite Celia Cruz, the grand dom of Cuban music, the woman who's unmistakable voice,
resonated with the rhythm music rhythm rich.
Babaloo.
Babaloo.
That wasn't her.
It was unmistakable.
All right.
Died Wednesday after a seven month battle with brain cancer in Georgia is pretty pleased about it.
Cruz died at five p.m. at her home in Fort Lee, New Jersey.
She was 77 or husband said or 78 according to mostographers.
What's the year or two when you get to be that old?
The Cubans on this side of the Florida straights her death and keep in mind.
This isn't a herald again, waxing eloquent about one of those people.
The Cubans on this side of the Florida straights her death is much more than the silencing of one of their home men.
Greatest musical figures.
Celia was the very embodiment of a fabled nostalgia, a nostalgia-hued Cuba,
an icon of nine inch heels and sky-high wigs whose heart always beat to the sway of those long lost palm trees.
What does that mean long lost palm tree? Where did they go?
I don't know. I know where they are.
Her can't get them.
Baby.
Her death represents the shattered hopes of every abuelo and abuelo who pray they'd live long enough to see the end of an El Castro.
It was Cubans.
It was Cubans.
Oh, and then this article goes on about the exiles this and the pain of losing their hog.
What does this have to do with the price of rice, huh?
What does this have to do with text, Max?
Nothing.
What does it have to do with my life?
I have no idea who she was.
There will never be another Celia Cruz, a good friend Israel Kachow Lopez, credited with creating a mambo.
Oh, I knew I didn't like her for some reason.
Nobody has her grace, her style, her voice like Benny Morey.
She was born to be a legend.
Oh, Benny Morey.
No, that is no.
I don't need her.
Kachow had known Celia since he first started going with her family of neighborhood dances featuring his orchestra at age 14.
She was just a girl who with no thought of being her performer, but she loved the music.
It was always in her, he said.
I think her part was always in her.
Kachow?
And it goes on pages and pages and pages and pay.
Oh, my God.
I must have missed something important here.
Celia Cruz, muy importante.
Make no mistake about it.
I'm sure we'll get a couple of calls on that.
What do you think?
Asuka.
There it is.
There's the call.
1113 at 560 WQM.
Hey, if your hair is on the decline, if it's on a way out, maybe it's already out.
Maybe there's not much left there.
Maybe like Wayne, you got a big shiny bald spot.
In his case, he can't afford to do it.
Well, he can look like whatever the hell he wants because he's a billionaire.
If you don't like it, shove it.
But most of you guys are there.
If you want to look good, you want to look your best.
Having a full head of hair is an important component to that.
And that's why you ought to become my good friend Charles Alfieri because he's been designing
and supplying hair systems to the rich and the poor and the infamous and the famous
everybody in between for over 35 years now.
And right now, Charlie's offering you an off of your shouldn't refuse because the deal is great.
Summer special hair system only $549 for first-time customers.
This is Charlie's natural hairline system, the best in the business.
And it looks just like the hair is going out of your head instead of a farm animal diet on your hair.
Where your hair used to be.
If you already have a hair system, you can save yourself 50% on service and repair.
On all types of hair systems, including shampoo and trim.
So here during the summer months, during these dog days is a perfect chance for you to give Charlie a try and get your hair back and start looking and feel
and better than he haven't a long time.
Call Charlie today. There's no obligation you can change your life forever.
1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
And tell Charlie, give me my hair back now, damn it.
Or check them on the web at CharlesAlphiore.com.
I am law. This is which we need to find safety.
Q-A-M.
The M-W.
First, there was the club. They had a theft device that lost to the steering wheel of your car.
Then there was the cap. They had a theft device that prevents thieves from picking your airbags.
Now there's the ultimate instinct of the art of protection, introducing the crap.
2.5 pounds of steaming human extra mint that plops neatly into the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles.
Properly installed, the crap deters even the whole determined thief.
Hey, nice car. They left a door unlocked. Let's take this for a little spin.
Oh my God, someone took a dump on the front seat. That is disgusting.
I'm moving on to the next car.
One roof of the crap. And thieves will move on to one other car that doesn't have a steaming pile of human extra mint on the front seat.
We guarantee it. Order the crap. We are car today.
And anyone who tries to steal your car will be in deep.
Well, you know.
Yeah, we know all right. It's our speciality.
Crap.
1119 at 560 bots tell you we have really blown it here today.
How could we do the first almost an hour this pull not have Scott Forella on there?
What are we thinking about?
Shocked and dismayed. I don't know.
What is wrong with us?
I'm thinking about selling your cruise how crushed I am at her passing.
He's driving home on a way up the Hershey highway to the Bokka and he's here.
And we're shining him here. Believe me, it's not by intent.
Although we do wish you quit that Marlon giveaway crap. But nevertheless, Scott Forella, he's going to get a lot of votes.
In fact, he may catch up to fill and even pass him. What do you think?
Are you sure?
I don't know. We'll see.
Here's one. How could we forget her?
Right.
She may be gone, but her laughter lives on.
She's already on their work trying to work a little bit ahead.
The babbling brook Daniels. She's already on. She's still on the air somewhere or not.
We can only pray not. How you doing brook?
Raining roads want to be. How about jazz McKay?
Hey.
Yes, McKay.
Let's get jazz McKay on there.
He will go about.
How about?
Let me give you a little clue.
Holy cow.
And I don't mean Harry Curie. How about Aaron Summers, right?
Boy, we're slipping.
How about Chuck Meyer?
A lot of work put into that show.
See the audience ain't helping us out with this. So screw them.
I mean, if anybody knows who's been on here, I know.
And I might even remember a few of the names, even though I'm a dovering old fool.
Here's one. Oh, this one said the one that said babbling brook.
It says signed award-winning news journalist William Millford the turd.
You turd.
Oh, that's a panic. Yeah, we sure had some real interesting people there during those
Paxing days. Wow.
Woo! More on.
And Tom Hopkins. Well, time Hopkins, wasn't he?
He did radio first night shows.
Huh? No.
How about the news guy?
We're not putting news people on here.
Meig Green.
Meig Green.
Yeah.
The light you're going to want to put the plant guy in there too.
We're talking about people that like had to show more than once every six months.
You know, okay.
A few more shows then.
About third man.
And she did.
Phil Henry 48 aside from Neil the best all time software or radio personality is or was.
Phil Henry 48.
He made it 24.
Rick Shaw 14.
George Rodriguez 14.
Now, even you were begging me like that.
I mean, what do you mean stand begging you?
You've got 14 votes?
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
Is he got a serious look on his face when he says that being a boy?
He's a dead serious.
He's looking at me with a hurt face, with a bad eyes, with a boy.
Let me, let me, let me.
Now, keep in mind, okay, that a lot of these, oh, I don't really like that.
You know who he left off?
Who?
Alan Burke.
That's Mr.
The Dean is rolling in his grave hearing the fact that you got 14 votes and we didn't even remember to put him on her.
Suds Coleman is probably really pissed off.
I voted for Suds.
That you got 14.
He's got 13.
Damn it.
I'll fight out.
I'm not too happy about it.
Damn it.
Although, hopefully he'll be in tomorrow.
How does it make him and Rick feel that you got 14 when you're beating him out?
Well, that makes us feel like duty.
Right.
I don't blame you.
Anyway, Suds got 13.
Randy Rose got 13.
What?
Mike Reiner, 11.
Bill Calder, 9.
Rest in peace.
Both of them.
Rick Riley, 7.
Rest in.
Hank Goldberg, 7.
The Humber.
Ron Venington, 6.
Mohawar, David, 5.
That must be the humor vote.
Bill Tanner IV, Alice Randthell, 3.
Big Wilson II, Jerry Williams II.
Jerry Williams only has two votes.
I voted for Jerry.
Anyway, Jerry Williams only has two votes.
Well, again, like I said, all those people who used to have a WNWS, they're all dead now.
Big Wilson II, Tom Likus II, I totally need to be on there.
Scott Farrows got one.
He just went up on there.
Steve came one, 41.
Stan Major one.
Alice Bennett one.
No votes yet.
None.
Zero.
That's bad.
When you've got no votes run, the Azlery King, Joey Reynolds, Alan Courtney, G Michael
McKay, Brooke Daniels, and Chris Baker, and Jazz McKay and Aaron Somers.
They just both went up there out of 200 votes to have none.
Wouldn't you be a little bit embarrassed?
Well, that they were here.
And aren't you embarrassed that you have 14 votes?
I am.
No, now it's 15 votes.
Are you dealing with that thing?
Is he doing multiple votes, being a boy?
He's trying to get me to.
Yeah.
He's probably sending emails around the building.
About for me.
About for me.
What difference does it make?
How many votes you get on there?
Exactly.
I think people were so disappointed that they were so impressed with George after they heard
me on for about five minutes on that Friday.
Yeah, that must be it.
You notice we didn't put Benavory on there?
Oh, yeah.
Uh-huh.
No.
Great wording.
Now, I was thinking this.
Well, do you think they'll go forward?
I mean, they went for putting Moe back on there and rewriting this contract on the
throttle lawsuit.
I think what I'm going to do is like make them an offer they shouldn't refuse.
And that is they can continue after at my six, three and a half years or sooner, much
sooner.
Uh, the Carlton E. Aradjo Show.
And what I'll do is I'll let them use my voice in my name and I'll do some spots.
What are you laughing about?
No, I'm thinking about this.
You'll do the show.
Mm-hmm.
And you get them all like, uh, be like a phantom.
You know, like Jikka said, I'll do like Colin is the mood.
You know, I'll sit around here at the board once in a while, open a pot.
I don't know.
I mean, let me silence, uh, but they'll still call them E. Aradjo Show.
Still get a decent still probably have the highest number.
See, this is one thing as bad as Georgia's and he is awful on the air.
But when he's on the summer time, he still beats the rest of the station.
He beats those sports shows not even close.
Oh, you don't want to say that inside this.
Well, I don't give a crap with the ram or not.
It's the freaking truth.
Still has the highest numbers on the station.
So what does that tell you?
It tells you either the other shows that sports stuff is his boring is dog crap.
And what's with this for all trying to back down today?
Do you hear that?
Well, I was only there two or three days.
That's full crap.
When did we start going back 10 to two?
What was that?
It was a June.
He was on in May.
He was while his, uh, he showed up in May.
I don't know when the whole more.
No, but when when did we start this new lineup?
I give up.
Well, let's let's find out.
Let's have somebody in the building.
Let us know.
I'm sure it was like by the first of June because that was the idea that we'd have the whole month of June.
To swoon and crew and spoon.
And sing a happy tune when the numbers came out.
Can I grant you the logs?
Huh?
Carlos can dig through the logs.
No, I don't want to dig.
Why can't Duff come running in there?
He's probably practicing his karaoke for the Animal Coast.
Come in there and give us some information.
Duff or Clarence is something that knows when did we start?
The new form had to go back to 10 to two and for Elle from 8 to 10 and stick in Moana,
which she was a violation of his contract.
Stick him in there between 5 and 8 in the morning.
Absolutely.
We'll find out.
Or maybe they're holding their meat again.
You think that's possible?
Clarence is probably under a lot of pressure because he's got a fill in for a guilty.
Let's see.
What is what's the story with that?
Well, that's right.
This week he's filling in for the beast.
Next week, I see he fills in an Anokit the schedule.
He fills filling in for somebody else here.
Hey, he fills in for a guilty next week.
He's all over the goddamn place.
He's kind of like our swingman.
He's swinging it.
And the audience to be very pleased.
The Clarence, Josh Dero is going out with a real living and breathing girl,
according to Forreal tonight.
And we're going to want a blow by blow, a lick by lick, a snip by snip.
Yeah, that's right.
And we'll put him on our website.
Fill 59.
Jim Manditz, 27.
George Rodriguez, 18.
Now that's got to be a crank vote.
Sure.
Randy Road, 16.
Rick Shaw.
Can you imagine Rick Shaw?
He's probably twisting that cap now.
He's so pissed off of you.
He's already rich.
What does he care?
14.
He ain't rich.
You think if he was rich, he'd still be working.
You think he's in there because he loves the business?
Yeah.
You out of your mind?
I hope he calls in.
I hope he calls in and says, you know, and tells you what we're really all about.
Just because he guys have been on here for 40 years, you think that that means that he's rich?
He ought to be.
I know what he's going to say to you.
Let me trust you.
Yeah.
Rich my ass.
Well, I'm telling you.
How am I taking a call or two here?
I don't know.
I got a lot of stuff to do here.
Got some very important stories.
Women promiscuous with the facts of their sex lives.
And basically this story, which I thought was very interesting, that women lie.
They deny having sex as often as they really do.
Oh, no kidding.
Right.
They assume the men were lying, exaggerating the number of the partners.
But the new study suggests it's the women who lie.
We'll get to that.
Drugs from Canada, Spark, US, ROW, where they started the pharmaceutical company,
being as clever as they are.
They've come up with a new, full-new organization, a front group calling itself,
the senior's coalition, questioning the safety of Canadian, European prescription drugs.
Because the drug companies want to continue raping you people for your prescription drugs,
and they're getting everybody in a panicking.
Oh, we can't be sure over the safety of those drugs from Canada and Europe.
Like if you buy whatever you're buying, Zochor in the US,
it's different from the Zochor they sell here.
I mean, who the hell's kidding who here, huh?
And then I got the British claim they invented lasagna.
Oh, right.
The good story.
All kinds of crap.
So little time and so much crap, you know what?
Like I said, that's our specialty.
We'll find out what Andrew was just front seat.
Probably John Ford left it there.
Well, what an asshole he turned out to be, you know?
Yeah, with his cardigans.
Worked with me and the bird and Captain Dave on Zeta pretending to be our good buddy.
And then all of a sudden when he came home with a passing crowd,
wouldn't even speak to me.
Pretending he didn't even know me until one day.
Who was it that tried to diminue that one day?
Was it Bulger or was it the Harry penis?
The Harry penis.
Hey, Harry, how's it going?
One thing about the packs now,
if they sure had a lot of drunks working for them, you know?
I think it was a club.
28 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
When the time comes to have your carpets cleaned,
the name you want to think about is dry concepts.
You know, everybody that comes to work wasn't for using dry concepts here a couple weeks ago?
6203 was the loon, the loon lineup.
Okay, so in other words, almost the entire month of June.
Yes, well not really because the spring work at a June 18.
So in all fairness, it's like a little more than a half a month that he'll be there.
But he should make an impact.
You better make an impact, Scott or else.
We're also going to take away those Marlon tickets.
What are you going to do?
Anyway, dry concepts was in my home a week ago,
two dated their usual stellar job over the years.
Over 20 years I've been using them in my house because nobody anywhere is better.
Dry concepts is the number one carpark cleaning company in the world
because they're the only ones who dry clean your carpets
with that exclusive patented method.
And now dry concepts offers you a chance to save 15% on your next carpark cleaning.
All you do is call dry concepts there to toll free number 1-800-2485071
as to be put under stand by list.
Then dry concepts will call to the next time they have an opening in their schedule.
It's like when you fly standby, if you're available when they have an opening,
they'll knock 15% off the regular price of making a beautiful floor in your home.
Call dry concepts today as to be put under stand by list.
They might even have an opening for you on the day that you call
and you'll still get a 15% discount off the price of the job.
Believe me, give you a guaranteed price off front before they start.
They do a spectacular job.
Your carpets are dry in a couple of hours. They smell like many fresh.
And you'll have a big smile on your push.
Call 1-800-2485071 or check them on the web if you like it.
dryconcepts.com.
Fly in local fire.
We're sports radio five cities.
You and you, A.M.
Matchly a lesbian.
You checked out.
If you fry your cats in Crisco.
All right.
Make them tasty and crispy everywhere.
If you fry your cats in Crisco.
You won't miss them at picnics everywhere.
All across the nation.
And a mole of our patients grows thin.
All the consternation.
Greenpeace emanations.
You're not again.
Not again.
Please do not fry your cats in Crisco.
11-33-560-W.
Here's everyone.
How could we forget our close personal friend?
Party.
Yeah.
Concox.
Right?
Right?
Get him on there right away.
And roll a pearl out.
Now there's somebody actually is our friend.
Roll a pearl.
Yes indeed.
Good guy.
Very good.
Is he still at the kiss?
Far as I know.
See that's amazing part about that.
I mean power 96 all the way.
They're in the same building power 96.
We still have no idea who's working over there.
So for Albe's silk.
Who's a good guy?
But do we know anybody else that works there now?
Tony the Tiger.
He's still there?
Yeah.
Kid Curry.
DJ Lars.
I don't know who that is.
Anyway, roll the pearl is going to go on there right away.
Somebody says how about adding Craig Worthing?
List of course.
How could we forget old Craig?
Well it's a long time.
You know, I mean most of the people we had listening at the KT they've been dead for a long
time.
Maybe 20 years maybe.
At least.
And here's this fact is you're absolutely right about a beautiful mind.
Everything about it is well done.
Russell Crowe is tremendous.
If you haven't seen LA confidential with Crow and Guy Pierce or the insider you must see them.
Is it good or better than he is in a beautiful mind?
Is that true?
You saw the insider.
I did.
We talked about it.
The about the smoking thing.
The tobacco company exact and they were making a great movie.
That's a great movie.
He rides.
And LA confidential is also a very good movie with Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Danny DeVito.
Kevin Spacey is better than that one.
That one the usual suspects.
Oh yeah.
I'm not going to talk about the ending.
You know, whatever.
You like it or you won't.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
The ending of one.
Put Horigine Down Even There.
He'serek from Bokemon under Yes Richard what does Hira do?
Gублиl drach 102 cr��
Shh It's like what what do I call it萣
Goof St回tman of Bokemon Delyducafort.
Gurry Luthor Rellel Thinking
R Н Hall O Prima bear
You need some help real
You've never heard the whining he went through this morning about how Gary's guy's Gary Sarner screwed him over on an account.
Yeah, both here for that whining.
And I mean, I, I empathize, I sympathize.
But what am I going to do about it?
You know, it's different in that place.
It's typical.
What am I going to do?
Make up for the 50 cents a week that you're going to lose it or not having an account or whatever it is.
I'm already paying your goddamn car payment.
I, yeah, asshole.
He was just venting.
But I don't want to hear it.
I'm on vacation.
I'm not even here.
This is a recording.
Phil Henry 70 votes.
He's running away with it as we figured he would.
Are you sure?
Sure.
He used to be really great.
Used to be Jim Manage 31 George Rodriguez 30.
Wendy Rhodes 19.
Suds Coleman 15 Rick Shaw 14.
Mike Winnery 14.
Mikey is spinning in his grave here in a George got more votes than he's got.
In fact, just hearing that George is on the air.
Hank Goldberg 10 Bill Calder 10.
Sometimes I feel I haven't played one of those in a long time.
You know what?
Yoder.
I should play all of them.
Oh, those, those are great.
Is what they are.
Sometimes I feel myself sometimes I feel that Jim is passing
you by.
Oh, I can.
I feel and then there's always.
Oh, I.
Sometimes I feel.
Oh, they're watching me by.
There's one of the unsung heroes of South Florida Radio for the last many, many years
as our good friend, Mitch Lewis.
Am I right?
He's the best.
He's an unsung hero.
He's the guy that gave us back.
And also boy and so many other things.
Always good.
Anyway, the fact from Brian says, how about her?
Remember me being from the GT R glory days before it turned into the soap coast station
with your bloody Johnny dark.
How about Johnny dark?
He was never on.
Well, yeah, he was on your reading liners.
Yeah, get Johnny dark.
I mean, he'll appreciate it, especially since you all of them come in for lunch anymore.
No, seriously, I like Johnny, even though I just don't want him sitting there pretending
to be in my sidekick.
I was pretty embarrassing Johnny and her.
And McBean, but how do we do that?
Because we're out.
We're out putting groups on.
We're putting individuals.
I I don't know.
I don't even get her.
And skip her man.
That was his name.
Mm hmm.
I was McBean's name.
Ali McBean was it was a Jim McBean?
I think I'll somebody will know.
I think it was Jim McBean.
Also Billy Raven from Love 94, Seven of Midnight.
Do you have any idea who that is?
Never heard of it.
Billy Raven.
How about how could you forget?
He you know he's going to take it personal and maybe commit suicide before he starts his new job.
Greg Vidal.
Greg Vidal.
Gregory Benjamin Vidal.
A legend in his own mind.
Well, we're slipping.
Huh?
Get him on there before he starts to take a lot of pills or something.
Then don't forget.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Neil, this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Yeah, noodles hasn't come back.
He's still in that opium parlor.
See, I watched that again at the four hour version.
That was great.
I mean, how many movies can you watch until you have to take a few days off and let your brains unscramble and absorb all the stuff you watched before?
But I think I better get the big little whiskey.
I better get that one this weekend.
And what was the one you were just touting a minute ago with Russell Crowe LA confidential?
Yeah, I never thought that's good.
Very good.
Yeah, that's what you said about bully too.
Okay.
Bulley and the bully bully and all that other crap.
Whatever it had you were peddling those little punky kitty movies.
Those awful nasty kids, gummo George.
George didn't recommend gummo.
I've never seen so many more kids don't.
I won't even let them near my machine.
I won't let the kids near my machine.
Twenty till noon at five sixty W.
Here's something you ought to let near your mouth.
And that's no, not that.
Oliometh.
Oliometh soft gels contain the finest olive oil on this planet around any planet for that matter.
I can't imagine they got too much olive oil on the other planets because they're not growing too many trees.
They're growing too many olives.
Anyway, this isn't just your ordinary pedestrian olive oil like you'd find on the Uranus.
It's super concentrated and loaded with health benefits.
Oliometh everyday.
I was just thinking about that.
Oliometh on Uranus.
Oliometh everyday can produce the risk of heart disease, not cholesterol.
Plus there are 14 different Oliometh formulas for you to choose from each one combining the best pharmaceutical grade olive oil you can find
on the universe with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific needs in your health.
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out those formulas that are right for what you need.
Now there are three new exciting Oliometh formulas.
Want to help your sleep, want to help you control your weight and sell Q10.
Believe me, CoQ10 is one of the most important things you could ever stuff in your mouth.
Pick up some Oliometh while you're out shopping today at Public's Echoids Walgreens Whole Food Markets, Debrons and Sedanos,
or order it online at oliomedamerica.com.
If you want more information call them toll free at 1-866-Oliometh.
That's 1-866-6536633.
Pick up some Oliometh today like I always tell you for better health that can't hurt start popping it in your push today.
My, I, and Lowell.
This is 4356-QA2A.
But let me say something for, let me say something.
Boy, what a workout, huh Tom?
Oh yeah, I'm feeling pumped now.
Hey, after we hit the showers you want to go to scarves some burgers?
Sure Frank.
Sounds great.
Oh, tea Tom, nice skidmark you got there.
Yeah, I have a little trouble with butt spits whenever I break wind.
But what are you gonna do?
Butt hay?
What?
Butt hay?
Butt hay what?
No!
Butt hay, it's new.
It acts as a shield against those nasty skidmarks that conform after days of use.
You know, I think I'm gonna try new butt hay.
Without the markings, how I know which way my underwear goes.
Well, you've always got old yeller.
Oh yeah.
Butt hay, my bro text.
It's 1146, 14-dil-newnet 560 WFM, they highly popularly,
the wildly popular Jim Mandits.
Oh right.
Mad dogs coming up at 2 o'clock, Hank, the hump will be on 4-7, 3-4 hours.
No ballgame tonight, Marlon's in the Cubs tomorrow.
Let's give away some Marlon tickets, what are you saying?
Come on, come on.
You need 10?
I got you covered.
Oh, let's see, aside from me, a LeBest all-time South Florida radio personality user was
Phil Henry just waltzing away, just burying the competition.
83 votes.
George Rodriguez got 40.
Jim Mandits 35.
Now, aren't you embarrassed that they made you the crank vote of the day?
Yeah, I'm shocked and mortified.
Jim Mandits 35, Randy Roads 22, Micronary 17.
I'm only gonna read the double digits.
Rick Shaw 17, Suds Quilman 16, Bill Calder 10, The Humpers got 10.
And for a while, there was a late edition of that 10.
We have problems with that as far as, you know, Marlon gave everybody else a handy crap.
Right?
Sure.
He'll be zooming up the list.
In fact, he might even pass George.
Dan says, how the heck would anybody remember Alan Burke to even vote?
Well, if they're remembering, I see Craig Worthings got one.
Alice Randthell's got four.
How many is Jerry Williams got?
The late great Jerry Williams.
Three.
One of those is mine.
How sad.
One of the legends.
I mean, he was no George Rodriguez, but anyway, how the heck would anybody remember Alan Burke to even vote?
I'd have to say Phil reviled as he may be in recent days.
Although I did love listening to Burke and even go to old Jeff Charles.
Do we want to put Jeff Charles on here?
Who?
No, we don't want to put him on there.
Rick and Suds in the morning, then Neil, then Phil never again will be a golden lineup like that.
Still brings tears to my eyes to Dan Leslie.
And me too, Dan.
Almost as many.
Almost as many as when I was watching it last 20 minutes of a beautiful mine.
Everything was great.
I think I should take some of these calls because I'm a risked role in the long.
Got a lot of stuff here as Rick Rollywood say.
Look what did for Rick.
The big Q.A.M.
See nobody on it even wait now.
I only been rambling for about 45 minutes.
You people better get with it at summertime.
There's nothing going on there.
You're not fooling me.
Got the big rolling stones here July 30th.
Gonna be some people coming up from the estates, maybe even from South Florida for that.
The guests who?
AC DC?
Eyesley Brothers?
Rush?
Justin, think about it.
And a bunch of other people too.
Do I leave anybody out?
The one good piece of news Ann Murray won't be there.
And either we'll soy and he I'm sure he'll be there either or so.
WQ I am senior cruise won't be there.
Hello?
Yes sir.
I can't believe that George Duke's allow us to take a far famous from you.
Yeah okay.
Thanks very much sir Reverend Jones asshole.
Drop dead.
WQ I am.
George Duke's name is the business character way of fooling up at it.
Yeah he is.
WQ I am.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just I'm out of here.
Have you seen beautiful mine yet?
No I haven't seen it yet.
I'll check it out.
WQ I am.
Yes good morning Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you?
I was vote for Ron and Rob but only if they were listed together on the call because once they separated they were never the same.
But Ron and Ron together I would vote for.
Really?
Yeah.
Even better than George?
Better than George.
Only because they made me laugh a lot more.
George isn't funny.
George is very entertaining but not funny.
Right he makes you think about things but he never makes me laugh.
He is too cerebral.
Yeah he gets caught up in these fangs and he can even eat a lot.
Yeah you're right he is boring.
Okay thanks a lot Pallie.
56705 60.
John Benton stood before that he fructy piscable priest the man Benton accused of sexually abusing him up to a hundred times thirty years ago.
This is in Largo Florida.
A panellist Pascot judge ordered the ex priest to look at Benton.
You stripped away my youth.
You stole my innocence.
You destroyed my spirituality.
Benton said in the pack court room yesterday.
Mr. Pollard you are guilty and most certainly meet your end in a cold and lonely prison.
To which we say absolutely correct sir.
Richard A. Pollard, father Dick, dressed in a blue jail uniform stupid out showing any apparent emotion.
Pollard 74 pleaded guilty to two capital social battery charges and was sentenced to 25 years in prison for abuse that occurred while I was in prison.
Pollard was a priest.
It all Saints Episcopal Church in Tarpen Springs about well about a year ago.
About 30 man.
That's what it says about 30 years ago.
Pollard must serve every day of the sentence which would make him 99 if he's ever released.
Judge Jackson Arnold said a sentence was tantamount to life.
Benton a residential designer was family of friends that had been friends with Pollard when he was a boy.
Total 30s he was sexually abused by Pollard both in Tampa and Tarpen Springs and it goes on and on and on.
Other tragic story that assholes like this would like to cover up in a very upset that we actually put them on here because it's true.
Because it's embarrassing and humiliating and degrading that this the world's biggest scan the world's biggest closet continues to go on and flourish.
Although they're a little bit churred on cash at the Vatican.
You want to help Mark George?
I'm not.
And being able to take it up a collection.
Good.
Now this story about Russell Weller like I said of Santa Monica this 86 year old fart.
I don't I just can't stop thinking about it.
Oh you know I knew we were pressure packed today but my God somebody should have cautioned me.
It's almost noon. You know what I haven't done yet?
I was hoping you'd forget.
No.
I have it.
I have it marked in my book right here.
We're already through page three.
I'm going to move on to page four.
Another paragraph from that bestseller living history.
Hillary Rodham Clinton which is sold over a million books from coast to coast.
Hillary says my mother's father died in 1947 so I never even met him.
But I knew my grandmother Della as a weakened self-indulgent woman wrapped up in a television soap opera and disengaged from reality.
When I was about ten and Della was babysitting my brothers and me.
I was hit in the eye by a chain link gate while at the school playground.
I ran home three blocks crying and holding my head as blood streamed down my face.
All right.
When Della saw me she fainted.
I had to ask our next door neighbor for help in treating my wound.
When Della revived she complained that I had scared her and that she could have gotten hurt when she fell over.
I had to wait for my mom to return and she took me to the hospital to get stitches.
There you go.
And if today's reading brief right to the point from living history by Hillary Rodham Clinton.
You know I'm going to get blank for tank in the numbers in the summer and you're launching torpedoes like that.
What are you talking about?
This audience is riveted Della's book.
I see so in other words he's covering his ass again as he moves into second place here on a pool as he's pumping in all kinds of phoney votes.
I'm sorry.
But I feel like it will be remote told me feel had me 92 George Rodriguez 46 and the worst part is George believes it.
Jim Manus 37 Randy Rhodes 24 Rick Shaw 18.
Renery 17 sud 16 Scott from Ralph 13 he's moving up.
Bill Carter 11 Rick Riley 11 Hank Goldberg the humbers got 10.
Everybody else in single digits any votes for the old timers on here yet one for Craig worthy one for Alan Burke.
Say somebody remembers 342 votes so far you know the I've told you this before but it bears repeating since we're discussing this today old time radio stuff.
If that he was really a very nice guy C K on W.
Weather he was Alan Burke even though on the year he came across as a real curmudgeon and a prick and a hard ass.
Because I replaced him not once but twice.
Were you aware of that?
No I met him once.
They blew him out at I.O.D. when they heard me he was doing afternoons after they got rid of Sandy.
Oh my little baby Sandy.
Sandy P.
Oh let's get her on there.
Sandy painted a bill Smith but we'll get to that.
And so I replaced him there at I.O.D. and then.
Wait a minute was that the second time.
That was the second time because when they heard me at I.N.C. he was working nights and they replaced me to they hired me to replace him at I.N.C.
And in spite of that when I hit my stroke the first one there at I.O.D.
He was one of the people who called me at home.
I have no idea how I got my home number but coming was extremely nice and concerned.
It was a really great guy and now he's dead.
See the good people are the dead people like Celi Cruz.
So Celi Cruz he was a good person.
She was like bundles of funds.
She was annoying on TV so I hear from Joy.
I scared the hell out of me.
But anyway she's a dead.
It's a mood point now.
Sandy Payton let's get there on there right away.
Okay and I'm sure that a lot of the old ladies out there been waiting breathlessly for Sandy to say.
Have a nice day.
Right.
What more could you want?
Sandy.
Have a nice day.
Thank you.
I would love to keep you all to myself.
What a bitch.
Everybody at I.O.D. told us I never met her but they told us that see that that's Alan Burk and me verse.
On the air he came across as a prick like I often do and off the air he was a great guy like me.
Right.
Her on the air she came across as sweet and off the air she was a bitch.
Quite everybody that worked with her at I.O.D.
Everybody except of course our friend Cheryl.
But other than that it was unanimous.
Who was the one that hated like I guess a renery.
I didn't get along at all.
I used to do their own little cross over there and he hated her.
Oh after I went there and you mentioned her name he would like hyperventilate.
Sorry for a minute.
Huh?
Huh?
I'm sorry.
Did you say say you're not getting reneering now the man is dead for crying out loud.
He was a good guy.
Yes he was.
See you have a bug up your ass because of Roger Magdalene.
No relation.
I don't blame renery for Roger.
Yeah you do.
Absolutely do not.
Mike and Miles.
Mike was a pick you're holding it against the renery.
Trust me.
All you punks out there that I know who we're talking about.
Too bad.
Too bad.
Someday you'll be a dottering old fool like me and Mo.
Absolutely.
And then you'll be talking about reminiscing about stuff that all the young people have no idea what you're talking about.
You'll say see this is great because you guys are punks you don't know what's all about but they'll do you know.
I look at the names on his list and they'd have a lot more votes if we had a lot more old parts still alive here.
All around Bennington having of course he wasn't that good to the first place he had nice hair to.
Mo how are you David and seven Ron Bennington seven I mentioned I mentioned Mo wish you see had some of Bennington's hair.
So embarrassing.
Yeah.
Oh my god can you imagine that?
Well we'd probably give up that new contract is if it could just get some of Bennington's hair put away that musk red.
1156 four minutes till noon don't forget all the pressures on for now when I book up when a full book comes out of the direction I have to make tough came back in.
What is that Thursday May 29th is the exact day.
So that's even worse for real.
I mean worse than standpoint it puts more pressure on him.
No it's good for us.
See I want to go on record right now saying you know I'm old I'm dottering just like most says I have no problem with that he's right.
And I'm sick and tired of carrying the radio station no matter where I've been it's always well it's on needle shoulders.
Neal will bail us out how many times you've heard that thanks for bailing a shot in this book.
Yeah a million times you know if the whole station has a great book that I always have a spectacular book you know because it's always that graph they make with that they're giving me that big finger in the middle whatever hours I'm on.
I'm tired of that.
Let's like for well have the big numbers on let's have him gooses I told him this morning I really mean he's got to be the savior now.
To bring us back to those big numbers and granted it's like less than a month in this book coming out but he's going to have an impact in there.
So unless we go up substantially I'm going to tell him right now he better get with him quit when I'm Marlon ticket talk.
Just about killed me giving us stupid tickets away the audience hated that like poison all they probably won't hold it against him because he's the new kid on a block he comes in with a lot of good you know.
Good feeling mode doesn't have to be as paranoid now that he's got that new contract.
How do you like for all this morning say to me he wasn't after six to ten does anybody believe that no chance.
No I get out of here Scott you weren't after six to ten my fat old ass.
For else on such a zazz right now he's got 14 sets of got 16 he's right on his ass 1157 at 560 WPM if you're in a dead end job like maybe radio.
We got an answer for it maybe college is going to take too long you don't have four years to wait to find a life and it cost too much anyway.
But if you can afford just ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months fast train can up you achieve a new high paying computer career that's correct.
Just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train.
And with four locations in town there is no way that there's not one close by you they're in for Lauderdale Miami candle in Pembroke Pines now.
So call him today and talk with a train career counselor who'll straighten you out and set your life on a whole new path call one eight six six fast train fast train offers day evening weekend schedules job placement hands on training.
So call him today and be sure and tell him that old Todd Dreck who's also not quite so old but very feeble and more ways than one that he told you to call one eight six six fast train fast trains deferred payment is valid for a year regular payments apply their actor and don't forget Gary Sarners and asshole.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody to really underpaid dead end job or just looking to increase your net worth and want to get your life on a different track and start making some real serious cash call fast train today one eight six six fast train or check them out of that wicked worldwide web if you like it fast train dot com.
My call this is for 305.
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M remember the seventies this girl leisure suits the party family but you know the best part about the seventies was the hair.
That's right people had great hair and black people had the best hair of all.
That's right like Clarence Williams of third on the mod squad.
Truman Helmsland the Jefferson and pretty much anyone on Sanford and son.
Yeah, the mod he had great hair.
Well now the seventies are back in style including those great looking afro.
Like Samuel L. Jackson's in Pulp Fiction.
Now you can have hair just like his thanks to a revolutionary new product from the makers of Rogan.
Introducing all new Rogan.
But I'm white.
That's okay.
Rogan is specially formulated to get anyone a great looking afro.
Even white guys like me.
Even white guys like you.
Dying on my pro game or bald middle east white guys who wish they were young hip and black.
Absolutely.
From about three of five sixty WQ AM are you sending me some of these facts as twice was in my magnation.
I don't think so.
Didn't think I wanted to say about the yeah you did.
That's okay I understand you were a lot of stress you trying to catch Phil Henry here.
Are you?
He's fine.
One year you're on his ass Phil Henry 98 you're driving a 61 Jim added 42 Randy Rhodes 25 what?
I can't look because I'm installing quick time.
Micritor 18 Rick Shaw 18 I'm just keeping you abreast of the situation.
Thank you.
I'm going to play something right now that you must listen to pay attention to this you will not be right off your seat.
Okay keep an eye on me beater.
Driving home the music.
Driving home the news.
Driving home the sports and weather.
All the different you.
I will help you through the traffic.
Share a smile or two.
Bob De Carlo's driving home with you every day.
Oh right.
Bob De Carlo's driving home on someplace special W I O D W I O D.
I hate that station.
Yeah Bob De Carlo.
Bob De Carlo get him on there.
I guess he was on in the afternoon driving home I guess.
Bob De Carlo the problem with this this from anyone is that the titles are all in the disc itself.
Don't you hate that?
Yeah you know what I'm saying?
I know it's I guess I've done everything else off of there into the DCS anyways.
And some way ahead of you guys I'm way down the road you'll never catch me.
Got lots of good stuff in here anyway.
Here's the facts from Christian West Palm Beach who says I really started enjoying Jack Cole during the 96 elections the way he would rip Bob Dull.
Jack Cole rip Bob Dull.
And the Republicans was priceless.
How about the inquisitor general Mr. Jack Cole rest in peace.
Okay get him on there Jack Cole for the Palm Beach crowd.
Make them feel better because the people in Palm Beach really feel that we're in that market and having worked a general myself 18 years ago.
What was it?
108 years ago.
28 years ago 1975 that was the where I was almost skinny.
That was the year I lost 96 pounds.
Oh then I got that search party going and found it.
Larry Kent Larry Kent rest in peace.
Get him on there.
We're talking remember the name of that old guy that used to call him and rip me an ass that homophobic old cool who I'm sure is dead by now.
Tell us.
No not Dennis.
See they he's being carnated into Dennis.
Ernie Sochin how can we leave off the great Ernie Sochin with those wonderful buyer with the shows and the missing sock shows.
Annie Sochin.
Good guy.
How about the other guy at it?
Huh?
Has he said Rick Spider-Man yet?
Or get we just remarks we're getting to them.
Okay we're getting way down the list.
Okay.
You have to have a minimum number of listeners to qualify for this poll.
About the 30 man.
Yeah fewer than 30 listeners you've not qualified to be on here.
Now you notice that we haven't put on here is going to be very upset with us.
Think about it.
Think about a silly person who wants to be a baseball player.
No excuses to Norma Kent.
There you go.
He's got that big one hour.
Oh everybody in the court houses for Lauderdale listens to me every day.
Good good for you Norma.
You're an idiot.
You're a silly person.
Stay the hell away from me.
Oh my god how could we leave off one of our very unfavorable people.
Another break already.
The queen that was on WIOD that provides that fruity.
Okay.
Sound by.
Drew Michaels.
He crossed my mind but he was only on for maybe two weekends.
He's an asshole.
No.
Yeah.
They're crazy.
I'm telling you.
I would like to know.
One thing I he said that I like.
I thought Joey sucked.
See he wasn't totally a more.
We got all those drops of one hour of one show.
Kenovon air Drew Michaels.
He's legend.
We made him into well.
I made him into a legend.
I mean anybody that can say.
Oh.
With the kind of fruity enthusiasm that he did and.
Okay.
What's not to like.
Plus we got all these things in here.
There's only one.
Neil.
Thank God.
And I don't want to be him.
Foundal.
He's not available.
Yeah.
Oh man.
Oh man.
I saw him once.
It made me a bird.
I wanted to go straight so bad when I saw that child.
He made freaky carols out there at our reception desk.
Seemed like a Hercules.
He had a handshake like Bob Neil.
Yeah.
Fruity.
Real fruity.
By the way, Bob Neil, we hate you.
We can't stand you.
I want to pass this along just so you can't say you didn't tell us so.
We told you so.
What?
You don't even know what it is yet.
I'm speculating.
No, you have no idea.
I have in fact this story.
It's not one of our bedtime stories.
All it should be.
Internet users who allow others to copy songs from their hard drives could face prison
time, beener boy under legislation introduced by two Democratic lawmakers yesterday.
And the ticket defense team will be able to help you with this one.
I'm not saying that you're doing that.
I'm just passing through a computer.
Was it I'm passing it along?
Oh, thank you.
The bill is the strongest attempt yet to deter the widespread online song copying that recording
company says led today to client and CD sales.
Of course, it couldn't have anything to do with the crappy music.
It couldn't.
No sponsored by Michigan representative John Conniers and California representative Howard
Burman.
The bill would make it easier to slide criminal charges on Internet users who copy music, movies,
and other copyrighted files over peer to peer networks.
Also over peer to queer networks too.
Recording industry.
Are you interrupting me again?
Here I'm trying to do like a couple of bedtime stories.
The recording industry is aggressively pursued Napster, Kazai and other peer to peer networks
in court and recently announced a plan to sue individual users as well.
In a series of hearings on Capitol Hill last spring lawmakers condemned online song swapping and expressed concern that
efforts could spread computer viruses, create government security risk and allow children access to pornography.
Few online copy or write violators have faced criminal charges so far.
A New Jersey man pleaded guilty distributing a digital copy of the movie The Hulk in federal court three
weeks ago but the Justice Department has not taken action against Internet users who offer millions of copies of songs each day.
The Conniers Burman bill would operate under the assumption that each copy write had work made available through a computer network was copied by at least 10 others
and by others at least 10 times for retail total value of 25 or bucks that would bump the activity from a misdemeanor to a felony carrying a jail sentence up to five years in jail.
It would also allow the practice of videotaping a theater, a movie in the theater, a favorite elicit method of copying movies.
Can you imagine that? I don't have to imagine it. No seriously, have you ever seen a guy watching a movie in a theater with a camcorder?
Yes. You have? Yes. Get out of here. No. No seriously, have you seen that?
They usually do it during the private screenings, the pre-screenings that they make available to the critics.
I think those people are just going to stop right on the spot. I mean what kind of crap is that? I mean talk about being blatant and obvious.
At least go out and get a boot like power didn't want. I'm not suggesting that. But I mean obvious. That's what the seller. That's what you must sell it. Yeah, that's where they get the boot like assholes.
George is moving a little up onto Phil's ass there. Aside from Neil the best all time. What? You're giving me a little laugh.
You got a shot, man. Like like Jimmy Johnson said. We got a shot. We got a shot. Aside from Neil the best all time software, radio, personal, user was best all time over the last hundred years.
All through these golden oldies days of radio. And now ladies and gentlemen, the Charlie Van Dyke show. CKW.
Well, here we are in this market. Phil Henry 103, George Rodriguez 65, the mad dog Jim Mann which 44. Oh, you got him beat.
Randy Rhodes 29. 29 Randy. What? Rick Sean 19. Ricky Tickie started to put a little move on his pist.
Rik Winery 18. Suds Coleman 17. Rick Riley 16. But if you put them together, they still can't come close to George.
Hank Goldberg 14 Scott for Ralph 14. Now, when you think for a week, move up a little off faster. He just has a robot up. He hasn't been here that long yet though.
Exactly. I mean, when you look at George's got 65 votes and for else got 14 and Moe's got only eight. In fact, you add them together. They got 22 between the two of them.
And you got 65. Suds. You got to be now listen to me 65 to 22. That means you're going to be getting paid three times as much as the two of them put together.
Bill Connor 11. Joy Reynolds, Joey Reynolds 10. Mohawar David at eight. Joey Reynolds is even beaten out the moment. Absolutely. Wow. That's embarrassing. And you know what? That's humiliating. I know the brother. Listen to Joey.
We that's just a cheap shot. And don't say too loud because I'm listening. He's monitoring right now. No, not on his day off again. His days off are just excuses to sit there and keep the radio cranked up.
You're loud and grumble all day long. You're a cruel man. He's got that blood thing. He's got the blood blood disorder that's for all made up right. The one that he made up so it was not to do it. So we could stiffer on that golf tournament.
If I ever heard that man talking about charity about the giving back to the community and raising money for charity again. I'm going to spit blood all over his post. I don't have a blood disorder.
I can't wait until the winter time until November when I come back for the entire winter. That's going to be great. I'm going to come in extra early every day to avoid the traffic and to bond with my close personal friend. The mole man. That'll be great. Absolutely.
Can't wait. I'm serious. I'm going to hang around in the control room there with that muskrat on my head. You know that. Were you were you were you on vacation that day? I don't think you were there that day. Were you there? I was here. Are you sure? Yeah.
Are you sure that Boca Brian brought in here? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I slept at my head and I walked into control and he looked at me like. Like that almost had a heart attack. Yeah. He didn't know whether a scream or eat a banana.
The best part was when he started chuckling and said, take off those checkered pants. He's obsessed with my pants. I think he wants to get in my cell. I think that's a deal.
I believe that I think he's got the hot for me. So obsessed with the way I dress and my shoes and my underpants, all of these things.
I mean, certainly his wife can't be put now for him anymore. I mean, would you? God, well, that sour nasty attitude. He's got 1213 at 560 WQM. It's Neil Rogers summer savings event and it's going on right now presented by the great Tom Limit and Joe Prieto at Haloponti Act GMC.
Here's a list of all these great deals they have waiting for you right now if you're smart. Neil Deal number one gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
The old deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate and every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock. Attention, current and former military personnel get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Haloponti.
It's $750 waiting for you just because for the heck of it. Neil Deal number three, at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as little as $289 bucks a month. It's a 36 month lease. See how good friends our pizons, our palies at Haloponti Act 4 details.
And also now at Halop Test Drive vehicle for 24 hours. That's right. Take it home. Take it out for a spin. Take it to work. Take it wherever the value of one up there. She highway for up to 24 hours.
And as always, they got a great selection waiting for you of dependable pre-owned vehicles, cars, trucks, SUVs, whatever you be looking for. And don't worry about having marginal credit because they don't have their nose up in the air at Haloponti. If you come in on their lot, they want to make you deal somehow.
Haloponti Act GMC 13411 South Dixie Highway where they've been making great deals for over 35 years. That's on US one across from the most prestigious falls. They're open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on any of these special deals, just call the Neil Deal hotline tool free 1-885-344-211. That's 1-885-344-211. All Neil Deal subject to credit approval. See the folks at Halopfort details. Haloponti Act GMC where they say we are professional grade and they mean it.
5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6
7-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6
7-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6
28-1, how do you like that? So if he's making like 30 grand a year right now, what? 68-24, that's 204 grand. I don't know, wait a minute, that's 2 million and 40 thousand, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I
me. and then he lost. He was me. and then he lost. Then he lost. Then he got all the saggy skin him the saggy skin him the saggy skin him the saggy skin him the saggy skin just drooping in hangin like his eyebrow.
hair is one only its no there only its no there only its no it's no there only should there are only for one you should头.
uh... pd bulldozer and idiot
she would have on here under bottom of what about any care how could you
have left and capital that there for a degenerate gambling crowd get them on
their right away any k and karen
any k and karen k
uh...
uh...
she was another one who thought by going on the year and saying vagina a lot
and orgasm and whatever other uh...
feel she could spew on here
that was going to get an audience and i i i think back to those days when she
was on and she actually got calls that's the thing that that's like the
sports shows on our station
they get a million calls you know
yet for the same hundred people from the same of people now here's a fact
that's very sad is what about sunny foxes on air how it's turned is not a local
radio town sorry
and the eye-catching on the air in summer's we got around
it's a start taking calls or retirees what it's a okay let's uh... let's get
them there they are start taking a few this hour because we got the big one
into our the summertime hour come up which i think we ought to continue that
to like what is uh...
the season start
no matter what i was in six
well look at it this way
how many hours this mode to mow and guilty
three
how many hours this for well to do
mad dog to
hank
whatever this lady's
three is
three max
two and a half sometimes one and a half to three max
the only people are a joint mark on the hours that they do now
the only p and eddy k is usually an after a ballgame so he's rarely on for the
full-time
this show is the only one on a radio station where we're required
to work an entire four hours
a
so i say what's wrong with a bit of a scan here in here how's long we can
continue entertaining the public why not so we have to start over hot
microphone
four hours is a long time and
exhausting
it is exhausting it's a draining it's innovating
it's it's it's exasperating debilitating
everybody
feel Henry one twenty and George's got seventy
a few crankers i mean a few people out there continue supporting George's
way he could pass for like he's standing still. What's about the time they cranked on my behalf?
Are you sure? WQA him, hello. Yeah, I wanted to mention Takima Kalam. Oh, how could we forget
Takima? In fact, you know something? The scratchiest voice before Pharrell was Takima Kalam.
You got it. Thanks.
Front of it. Like sir. Was Peppy Field on the radio?
I'm KT, but like only a part. I mean, if we're going to put her under, you have to put Alphion
there, all those other, I mean, come on. The only KT person to be on her was Craig Worthing
and yours truly. Anybody else know?
I don't know how to spell Daffy Duck, whatever.
C-A-F-F-Y Taffy?
MC, Capital C-A-L-L-U-M Kalam.
Hi, this is Takima Kalam and I'm a real right wing asshole bitch.
Maybe she actually died and turned into an encoder, you think so?
Sure.
possible.
All the other thing Taffy was whatever Ann is. Not see bitch.
Takima Kalam.
I got another good one for you. How about John?
What?
I forgot all about him.
See?
Oh, and see that would have been a good spot. I'm sorry.
My bad.
That's the part where you're supposed to say from last year.
I didn't know he was dead.
Oh yeah, I was.
Who he was talking about when he was, uh, I didn't know why.
I have no idea.
You're asking me like stuff that happened all that that many years ago.
You got to be off your rocker, whatever your name is.
Five six seven, oh, five six.
No, seriously, my memory is still damn good.
In fact, when you get to be my age, when you get to be a little far like past 60,
you start doing in your spare time while you're sitting there like taking your metamusel,
you know, whether you have to spoon in the glass,
you're spinning the metamusel right and why you're doing that?
You start thinking about, uh, and with me, of course, it's harness racing.
As long as I can remember, all the horses driven by Francis O'Hare
from Flushing Michigan, you know, OH Jane, OH Leo, Buckydale,
and think of the times, the quarter times of the races.
Ed that I know my mind is okay.
Mildred R driven by Kermit Beetle.
How many years ago these things are?
140, uh, uh, 40 years plus.
When you can remember that the first horse you ever bet on was named El Dora Janko,
driven by the late Doc McElmery at Hazel Park,
and was from the nine hole in Wonder Racing,
paid too early to show and you buy $2 to show,
then you know that you remember we're still pretty sure.
What's your name?
So you have to be the important stuff, not the minutiae.
Newshire like some of these people we're talking about today.
I did remember Jazz Makedo,
T.L. Bird Radio, that was good, right?
What was your better ratings only, uh, they don't give diaries on the inside.
You actually remember those days he was,
this is the true story for those people,
I'm not old enough to remember.
We had a guy named Jazz Makedo on I.O.D.,
doing afternoons for a while.
Yeah.
We'll actually use to get a lot of phone calls from guys in jail.
Sure.
More than not.
Yeah, right.
Most of his people like us that run inside.
Joe Rose, how could we forget Joe Rose?
My God, especially after the way he's redeemed himself,
these last few weeks,
my God, the things he said about Howard.
He's got a big heart on things like that.
Joe Rose, why isn't chapter four,
it's on this call?
Why isn't Diffle on there?
That's right.
Well, we can't look, it's taking us time.
This is a massive undertaking.
Speaking of undertaking.
Absolutely.
It's a fact about Mo again.
It says, I think another great image of Mo for your website
would be Mo Man the Super Hero.
Can you imagine him standing in checkered pants
with one hand on his hip and other holding a seven iron
with his cape blowing in a wind?
I like that.
It says, if I was computer savvy, I would do it,
but I'm not.
This is from Jay and Pointe.
Also, I like Pharrell a lot,
but he is doing his best to kill a show.
Oh, yeah.
See, it's not just me.
Two hours of, if it's free, it's me.
People calling in droves is dreadful and embarrassing.
You know, you're a great talent for well.
That's what pisses us off even more.
If you had no show,
if you had no actuating, that would be different.
But you're a very funny guy.
You're very entertaining.
You know, some of your sports inside
and not although I'm as aroski wasn't as good as Ryan Sandberg.
But regardless, that's what people tune in for.
Not to hear.
I mean, ticket, if I never did it, I'd be, you know, out of line.
But I've been through that.
I've been there done that.
It was a board of, I mean, George can tell you.
Oh, please.
We all know he's a good boy.
How can I head the tickets?
Can I head the ticket?
Oh, my God.
It's a temptation.
It's a worst radio and absolute tune out.
If ever there was one,
the most embarrassing crap that I've ever done
and, you know, W-I-O-D.
Hello.
Ticket central.
Hello, hello, have the ticket, please.
Yeah, there you go.
He was one of the people out of the millions of free loaders
and soft loaders.
It's bad radio, Scott.
The audience is starting to get p-oed.
Cut the crap.
Forget about the freaking Marlon's.
Nobody cares.
You know, hurricane seasons here before storm hits,
you always put up shutters to protect the windows
and doors of your home.
But what about the roof of your house, huh?
The so-may paint factory makes roof
mastic a roof coating that can help you
hurricane-proof your roof.
So may the roof mastic save hundreds and hundreds
and zillions of roofs during hurricane Andrew
while the unprotected roofs are peeding off
and flying down the road.
So may also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof,
called the so-may paint factory at 305-633-6333.
So may paint factories the oldest quality
paint and waterproof coating manufacturer in town.
So may is going to save you a lot of cash
because they eliminate the middleman markups
and they sell to you and everybody else
at wholesale prices that are 60% lower
than what you'd pay for the same national brands
in your expensive retail stores.
So protect your home and property from softwaters
tough tropical climate with the best paints
and waterproof coatings through
with the best unbeatable prices
called the so-may SOMA-Y SOMA paint factory at 305-633-6333333
or find them on the web at somay.com SOMA-Y SOMA.com
you save yourself a Schmidt load of cash
when you buy direct from the so-may paint factory
pleased on the old ancient dot ring
the authority to call 305-633-63333
and we're supporting the old five-sixty-hu-a-m
for W
if you can spot the fat one
you
who's that man on in the morning
the six to ten on S
U
he's the guy who makes down jello
he's crying
he likes to think he's number one
blah blah
he's bigger than the post-blow bell
his eyelids are the most blah bell
the biggest man in radio today
he plays the songs that make you sleepy
he steals material from me
he gives the time when the weather's looking fine
his jobs have played the song again
blah blah
he's bigger than the post-blow bell
his eyelids are the most blah bell
the biggest man in radio today
let's make the son our sister station
and bring the blood in here today
if the clap man could lose another kid
he'd have more boring songs to play
blah bell
he's bigger than the post-blow bell
his eyelids are the most blah bell
the biggest man in radio today
blah bell
he's bigger than the post-blow bell
his eyelids are the most blah bell
the biggest man in radio today
from 36 at 5.60
Bob Lasseter is a memory laying a lingers on
he's the only person I ever know in my life
who had fat eyelids
that's what it was
that's why that line is in the in the bit
it's true he had fat eyelids
and then we got to be a pretty god damn
fat fat eyelids droopy
now here's a fact with all these names on it
and I thought we already were going to put
sunny fox on there I don't mean to sound
offensive or disrespectful
but if you walk in the control of a senior
Roger's it appears as though he should have
wheels on both sides of his chair okay
I mean he's sitting there like
crouch down he's so forceful in the radio
and he's such a little like if he doesn't have a body
gun but he leaves the radio station good luck to him
what does that mean
that means I'm a defenseless I'm just
a bandit is a run the as one said I'm the softest human being
ever so in his life I'm soft and pudgy
anyway the kernel who the hell is the kernel
curled Sanders no seriously this list of radio people the kernel
kernel clink am I supposed to know who that is
well as soon as they tell us who that is maybe we'll put them on here I don't
know who the Irene Richards let's get that bitch I mean yeah that's slot
on there Irene Richards can't stand the Irene
she would be one of those people who would like suck up to your face like
her and the bird always hated each other like poison
and every time you see her like to your face you be friendly then behind your
back you could feel the knives crazy
Kramer rest in peace let's get him on there who
crazy Kramer used to be on with Tanner and Y100 what
crazy Kramer okay before your time I guess Randy Thomas what the
bogus was she on love or something magic
Randy Thomas get her honor she was one of them stations
oh look at his D-Silvers who used to be with TMI now I'm 1060
AM classic music station D-Silvers anybody know no but get him on
there anyway just there him or her whatever that is
let me know that is DEEE
D-Silvers Phil Henry's got 140 votes we're
searching for your thoughts what's your take
aside from Neil the best all-time South Florida radio
personality is or was Phil Henry 140
George Rodriguez 71 Jim Mandage 54 Randy Rhodes 35
Rick Riley 23 Ranieri 22 Sutscomb and 22 so if you put Rick and Suts
together 45 that puts him in a way a solid fourth place to
Anamad dog and you and Phil Rick shot 20 nice gone Ricky Tiki
in spite of your hour 21 just got another one spite of your rambling about
the Vixie Ticks stick with the oldies Rick okay leave the politics to
me stick with the oldies you old fart you fossil you
Hank Goldberg 16 Scott for L 15 he's just creeping a little bit you know
just he just got here what do you mean by that
they're you know him back he's no they're not that
familiar with him yet get out of here they're not that
familiar with him yet what are you talking about he just got here he
had a lot of the good when you shut up a minute he
have a lot more votes if more for this Marlon Tiki give away he's doing
he's gonna shoot him stuff in a guy then foot he isn't careful okay I'm not
trying to tell him what to do on his show but the quit doing it
we depend on a guy for a great lead in which he was given us there for one all
of a sudden the show is degenerated and to give it away Mar
how many you want I'll take 10 okay you're covered you're covered I mean
what what kind of crap is that for two hours of it is of course to like the
assimilating usual crap the craziness we get from this guy okay
what kind of garbage is that that's what we want we want two hours of
every day I hear a bunch of freeloading asshole soft typical for
meetings uh begging and pleading and squeezing for a bunch of cheap ass
tickets they can't show out the few bucks for it
themselves god I hate that they're killing him man don't let them do it
don't undo it Scott they'll kill you Scott for L15 joy Reynolds 13 that's
embarrassing he ought to be way ahead of Joey
build called over 11 oh Howard David at eight absolutely
stand major and Johnny dark each have eight okay
that's pretty sad mo when you're tied with stand major and Johnny dark I mean
Johnny's a good guy but he was like a voice on the coast I don't think he was
ever even a DJ in this market was he no
Johnny died he was at archael in Boston he was all over the place the only
thing that I know he didn't well maybe I'm wrong about that did he ever work at
kiss uh he did some uh stuff for them that's what we heard lately
remember he was doing some weekends and uh to fill in he was to fill him
was that before or after doodah's closed down doodah
every time I think a Johnny dark and also doodah doodah anyway that's
where he used to hang out it was a country uh a bar and a joint and grill in
place
yep feel Henry 147 George 71
man did I just do this or not made dog 55 Randy wrote 37 since 24
Rick Riley 23 when he reached 22 Rick shop 21 I already just just did this
but that sure killed another 30 seconds real good
oh my god this is sports 20 oh my god you way yeah
it's the eddie Griffith show starring eddie Griffith
there's a new champ in town you'll be defeated needed hi eddie
definitely Barney 5 that's your service
damn you my deputy yeah you was
kitty as most of the thing they know real crime up in
Maybach the undercover brother is back in uniform on
the eddie Griffith show
baby
I'm gonna hit a human I'm gonna be that's good that Eddie Lacka
Sony was a juggernautrunk yeah
mayberry will never be the same now that eddie Griffiths in sound
Lord my man is it I need me a throw bro give it by the big old blow
you ready you want you want me to put a little
relax in there maybe maybe a little
Jerry Curl perhaps
listen up listen up don't be making me look like no have shot it
I thought your ass is dead and hate the old is the drop
the eddie Griffith show tonight on Nick at night
right after my three home boys
caught 46 at 560 WQ in this story about women from
miskewis with facts of their sex life the study by
psychologist Terry Fisher at Ohio State and
Michele Alexander University of Maine found women
gave a lower figure on how many sex encounters
they've had if they thought their answer would
become public and a higher one if they thought
they'd be caught lying when the women thought
that they were hooked up to a lie detector
machine the number of sexual partners they
reported nearly doubled men's answers changed
only slightly how do you like that right
knew this all all the while yeah well
here's here's what it says how could you
forget Greg oh Greg oh right they're getting him
on her he won an award from the top of a
bitches and broadcast thing yeah that was an exciting
month yeah that was really an exciting month
to hear about this girls bomb movements
it was very very simply radio nice god pd
boulder again you loser you jackass cucko
poop here's the fact that this is this is hysterical this
maybe the most amusing facts ever gotten in my life
says i was trying to figure out a way to describe
who my crazy aunt was when literally as i sat
down to type this i hear on the radio can i have the tickets please
i guess i guess if i played it it would have like more um
significance yeah the free ticket lady wio d
hello ticket central hello can i have a ticket please
there she was well anyway it says that was my crazy
aunt that they asking for tickets for what she
didn't know she just one of the tickets well
perhaps you could do this 93 year old lady a small
favor she has distanced herself from the rest of the
family and she doesn't keep in touch but now her
90 year old sister has died please mention this on the radio i
think you're her only contact with the real world
her name is Louise her sister's name was Sally
please tell her to contact your cousin Seymour thank you
hey Louise Sally's dead call Seymour got it got it
no tickets for you though and and it's a sad thing
as i bet she called for real for some baseball tickets
she was going to take Sally this week and if she calls we have some for her
yeah mike and Miramar says we should stop searching for weapons of mass
destruction in Iraq and start searching for more
86 year old old parts driving maroonie buick lasabras here in america
these fossil driving jucanoo weapons of mass destruction are everywhere old
man weller killed more people in your average
hama suicide bomber and guess what mike
absolutely correct you got your thumb on it
drugs from canada spark us row i want to say it again it's a scam
the so-called seniors coalition is a manufactured lobbying group created by
the drug companies themselves it says it may come as a shock but Canadians
apparently are putting their lives online each time they use prescription
drugs approved by Ottawa this is a natural star
or so millions of americans in more than half of the 50 states are being
told in radio commercials a bipartisan group of members of congress yesterday
blasted the us radio campaign is irresponsible scared tactics by the giant
us pharmaceutical industry in a bid to defeat legislation that would allow
the re-importation of american made drugs from canada and europe a lobby group
calling itself these seniors coalition is questioning the safety of
Canadian and european prescription drugs a
the seniors coalition that say americans are now facing a potential stream of
drugs into their country for which there can be no assurances of safety affect
this equality it's one thing for a politician to risk their own life with
unsafe medicine that says it's another for them to risk yours
that line set up a burn-uckled battle between us politicians and the drug
industry with canadian drugs in the center ring well at least without
senator no mad cow anyway how do you like that let me know what
British play me invented lasagna i'll say that one
i'm waiting that sounds good for long yeah it does can't do it high in carbs baby
it's all carbs i'm having a little bit of a sugar withdrawal today about two
days with no sugar oh my head is spinning i got a headache i forgot what
happens you can do it when you go in a sugar withdrawal right seriously you get
it when you start the atkins for example which i'm trying to do now very uh
i've lost three pounds in two days but man if i got a headache you can do it
work through it oh maybe maybe the headaches from here in foreland given way
those marlin tickets you think i could be uh-huh quick on it Scott you idiot had a
great thing going and now he's given away fricking marlin tickets
wqa m
qa am i hear you breathing yeah i'm here yes sir i just got a suggestion there
Larry King he's on there oh he is oh i didn't hear him uh now he's only got one
vote oh yeah well i've been on the phone there so long i didn't hear him put it on
okay thanks pal okay all right back
fine did he put it on there that's all there i know what's on air i just
told he's got one vote i just peruse okay but maybe he's got more than one
i don't want to be lying i'm dying no lyrics he's got one
only one Larry most guys got a pair you got one
Joe Rose got one D-fo got one crazy creamer got one
Ron Diaz got one how about what's your name that died
silly cruise and see the cruise how she got
Chris Baker won Jimmy Bine won skip herman won so you put him together you don't have
much you got a pair might she might see again this is an age thing if we had a lot
old fart so listen then these people get a lot more vote right she might
come to cage got a vote here in summers got one or all approval when you got one
or all gone Cox has one Alan Burke one
Jack Cole two Craig Worthing appear
Jasmine Cays got two and they're both on the outside i think one movie they got out by now
Brooke Daniels has got two 40s got three
Meg Green has got three oh my god now you know that oh you've got to be kidding me okay
well there's Meg her daughter her son her honey
Randy I don't hate you at all congratulations
I'm getting out of here Meg you want to know something truthfully i'm happy for you
why are you happy for me because I am going to my boat we're going out for a cruise
i'm having for the four and a half years my first weekend's off
i'm promoting my video yeah yeah yeah i figured it was some kind of promotion thing
no no no not at all i'm just saying that i welcome you to the station honest to god
really trust me i'm not lying all right i call to congratulate oh big i just can i
can i just ask you one lousy question there why on your last show did you say i didn't have a
chance in hell of uh do one anything over here at w i i i made a mistake i made a bad call
family listening to you and i think you're fun and i think it's perfectly okay to have
relax and have fun on a weekend honest to god i needed to yeah how's that and i'm enjoying
listening to you and it's no ball now have a good day see you don't believe the word of it man
sat here and trashed me for a whole afternoon a whole afternoon sat here and said i didn't have
a chance in hell i had no talent what the hell was i doing here boy gary made a big mistake
now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party so she's gonna kiss a little butt
nice going randy wow what speaking of a sign she always had a big period yes i guess it was
running the board uh why we got that on the green no who's running the board for randy that day
when that call came in uh adam wrong uh Wayne yeah me oh you were running the board that day um
well you got way wrong give me too much credit you're doing too well on the pole here your head
is swelling like crazy something swelling being a boy city had a prolucker cold compress on it to
the swelling down and the head of the company q a m uh don't have any noodles who don't don't
agony in noodles okay very good you want to put them on there okay don't agony i mean noodles
was like that would be like putting a bird on there we know how about the bird there you go
a carless needs no no no don't just a minute don't try to sloth that off no no no no but
carless needs to know how to spell agony because you'll forget if we go on to how does spell agony
yeah we can't experience him right now because you asked me that question is that the actual word
is that his name agony agony ag oh and why and believe me just to spawn us to uh here right now
agony as in the agony in the ecstasy god and glen hill and glen hill the late
grinks would glen the bird hill isn't this great that we got such a list of a massive and
well we're trying to get all the people in there who might qualify 605 we're talking about the
history of south Florida radio and of course there are people aren't going to be on here then
nobody remembers like uh what's the guy that died it used to be on q a m there was married to
Lynn uh what's her name uh Lynn uh well what that was her name that's on cnn and hideline news
from millionaires that used to work with seeing that there's y'all time remember Jim Alton but i
embarrassing but at any rate uh what the hell was her name George okay the guy that used to be
on Jim Dunlap oh boy well the reason i should know these things huh we have jingles for him
don't that's what i'm gonna say we have jingles for all of these people i don't think like the sports
guy like john moine and hannies also there we got like
oh yeah i mean uh who's gonna remember ricky tiki he'll remember jing done life i'm sure he
probably worked with him but nobody else is gonna remember that what's the point of putting names
on here nobody's gonna remember right just for fun what was your name Lynn uh
Lynn jim alton and Lynn so and so on a morning show on k a t she was the program director for
a little while siddled in like her a lot right said like there uh huh what the hell was her name
Lynn it's on the tip of my tongue i i w k a m we got a shot we got a chance for the special
thanks jimmy your old news man you're still nice job by the way here w k a m hello yes sir
uh win russell win russell win russell did i give you a name go ahead
bill Williams who bill Williams now this has to be from the 21st century
that's twenty first yeah
did you remember bill Williams i have no idea who that was how about jerry widens
he was a great one of the great talkals on that station on what station
a one of the big ones uh i would be or q i m you're talking about bill smith oh it's bill smith
bill smith is your Williams you put it together yeah bill smith yeah okay listen talk
of the metamusel pops and don't drive today whatever you do family's to be in what's his name from
uh Santa Monica right see he he just they just shipped him down to halloweendale he already
discovered this show nice welcome welcome to south Florida you'll love it here the hotels here
now it's it's great to have him here we need lots more old parts to destroy for everybody else
am i doing balance for life now see i now i discover why the beast is waiting until next monday no more
excuses you fat tub of crap and that was a horrible piece in city linked by the way you made yourself
look like a fool god like natural if you want to lose weight balance for life as the answer for
i want to tell you one thing about balance for life that separates them so big time from all of
these other phony baloney weight loss programs is the food i don't want to mention jenny kray grupy
for the system is any of those by name but the food on those other systems van if you've ever tried
any of that even your pericute would laugh at it first of all the portions are tiny secondly their
load of would be fine carbohydrates which are addictive and make you hungry then you were in the
first place and thirdly there's not a chance in hell that they're going to satisfy your appetite
balance for life on the other hand brings you a black sack every morning by six o'clock in the
a.m. and in your black sack is plenty of food to keep you happy all through the day three gourmet meals two
delicious snacks they're all in there and like i said they're all fresh and delicious no preservatives
no chemicals no crap that's the key if you're on any weight loss program you know that's one of the
most important things is being full and satisfied as opposed to starving to death another problem is
what am i going to buy one of them in a supermarket well when you have balance for life you don't
buy anything because there's no cooking no shopping no cleaning all you have to do is fill out the
menu they send you once a week there are two choices for each meal every day that's run a program
that's it that's the only choice you'll have to worry about making other than that the food is
all in there prepared by them especially on the zone diet help you lose weight fast so watch
the weight start pouring off your body almost immediately with balance for life and stopping out of
shape and gigantic and lethargic and maybe on the verge of diabetes or over the edge call balance
for life today at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine try the effective and
delicious way to lose that weight nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check
on the web at balance for life dot com
here sports radio five sixty two eight
you a m
holy cow it might be it could be it's the one to two hour with Neil Roberts
Saturday morning trying full of winkle jay moves and his bully buddies Saddam Hussein
oh well that comes the adventures of a rocky and boi go
feed me me feed me feed me feed me feed me the United Nations is about to see who cares give me that
crystal ball
second he got up on the wrong side of the bunker perhaps a poem will help
to dam to dam your one racked out dude and just like your oil your smelly and groom
haha and most did you see your squirrel friend oh you mean rocky sure he's over there
It'll be there.
It'll be there.
Oh my!
Rocky!
What did you know about this, Adam?
Don't ask me.
Ask my auntie.
A-D-A-D-Who?
In the aircraft.
Join us next time for oils well, that ends well, or kiss your ass goodbye.
Hey, Moose, what's the weather forecast for today?
For me.
Uh-oh.
Irragian Bowlingle.
Saturday morning on New Galadian.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
I'm going to be a little bit more careful.
We do stand on our way there.
We again man.
Are you speaking French or English?
Because you're being as we, we, we, I, we are, I, we, I, there we go, we, I, you sound like Dan Quayel now, sir, you can't even spell us.
You don't want to ask me to pick on the radio.
Right.
And you know you'd have to have to pick as in we, we, you sound like that baby now.
Are you in Luther? Are you an Ametrecer? I think you've been up an Ametre in the woods with that baby.
You want to admit it now and wait till tomorrow.
Some people don't.
They don't have a clue.
They walk all around with their head up their glutes.
There's always the same.
They're just looking for fame.
And they're lovely of use.
Like the chronic from loose.
These are chronic from loose.
I don't believe it. Look at that girl.
She's a big name beauty who's appeared in movies and you've seen her in the picture show.
Yeah, I saw Ghost Bruce Willis, is her hubby, and she's got a little baby that she brings to the studio.
Right. She makes all kind of toys about all kinds of clothes, but the clothes she doesn't wear.
Are the clothes that are painted on the girl who's naked on the cover of the vanity fair?
Vanity fair, every morning is naked on the cover.
Fair is suit, that's made from watercolor.
Fair is a truth, or is it fair?
On the cover of the vanity fair.
And it's a very, very good thing, John.
I think I'll take a bite.
I got a great big passion for skin type fashion because she's gone out on the limb.
She got a body by her Williams.
And they even put in the trim.
Yeah, she got a pinstrap, pulls a metal pebbles, no with them.
And she's looking so damn awesome.
But you ain't seen nothing like the extra bunnies on the cover of the vanity fair.
Vanity fair, every morning is naked on the cover.
Fair is a truth, that's made from watercolor.
Fair is excuse me if I stare.
And the cover of the vanity fair.
On the cover of the vanity fair.
I'm a poor person naked on the cover.
Fair is a truth, that's made from watercolor.
I'm a poor person naked on the cover.
Fair is a truth, that's made from watercolor.
Boy, that's right. She might do it in a cover man.
Look, she's so beautiful, smiling.
She ain't even pregnant this time.
A million of American shower with Lever 2000.
The body soap, we're all your 2000 touchable parts.
Now there's new Lever 2000 touchable parts.
And your three untouchable parts.
Hey boss, how was your workout?
Rude, you know nothing perched me up in the middle of the day like a quick game of squash in an ice hot shower.
Well you look really refreshed, sir.
And I feel refreshed, thanks to Lever 2003.
Lever 2003.
I knew soup, thanks my 2000 touchable parts.
And my three untouchable parts.
What untouchable parts?
Well my heinous for one.
Why don't I just drop my pants and let you see for yourself?
I'm a sir.
I mean as a whistle, look.
Very nice.
Don't touch.
No, check out my scrotum.
Your scrotum, sir.
My second untouchable part.
How's that for fresh?
Fresh is a daisy, sir, but don't touch.
You know how to problem.
I knew you wanted it.
I really have to be going, sir.
But you haven't seen my third untouchable part.
Oh, that's okay.
My penis.
Look, but don't touch.
I know, sir.
No, you can step to this one.
No thanks for the guy who's in this.
I really rather not.
Here, give me your hand.
That's it.
You kicked me right in the...
What?
Sorry, sir.
I didn't mean to scuff your scrotum.
It's only the shoe polish, sir.
It'll wash right out.
Number 2003.
The soak that leaves you feeling so clean, you'll be touching yourself all day long.
Ten after one at five, sixty, nobody came here.
You're right.
I got the list here from people.
Well, we're going to put them all on there.
Might as well put them all on there.
Right?
I'll just pass these along.
Guess who else we didn't put on there?
Ken Maldon would be upset.
Did Ken do a music show on GBS?
Because that's before I came to the market, I believe.
I don't know.
He might be out there.
Carla says, yes, we were talking about it yesterday.
I believe he did, but I can go there.
Okay, well, Ken Maldon is one of my favorite people in the world.
Ken Maldon.
And Arnie Ginsburg, who was at the GBS for about a hundred years, maybe not a hundred, but at least...
Stop thirding, man.
Arnie Ginsburg.
Remember, Arnie...
Not Arnie Ginsburg, Arnie Warren.
Arnie Ginsburg was in Boston.
And you're letting me say these things.
That's what you know.
I know.
Arnie Warren.
Okay.
I apologize to Arnie Ginsburg if he's still alive, because Arnie Warren was a corny old coot.
Anyway.
I'll be silk.
He should be on there, right?
Dullzim.
And I say, I'm not putting the sports people on there.
Because that's a different category.
We can do a whole separate thing on that someday.
Because this other list, you've got me, you've got a whole bunch of sports people on there.
We're not putting sports in there.
How about Steve Goldstein?
Okay.
Because it is a talk to you, not just the sports player.
I'll tell you about the place though.
Yoldi.
Get Yoldi on there.
Castronova, how can you have forgotten him?
Easy.
Ah, yeah.
Yeah, really easy.
Paul Castronova.
And young Ron.
And put young Ron on there separately.
Ron, what's his name, Brewer?
Is that his name?
I don't know.
I don't know, because I don't listen.
Liz Wilde.
And how could we, and this is you.
I blame this on you.
Mm-hmm.
Of all the people to forget.
The sheep.
I crossed my mind, but he was on for like 30 seconds as well.
Ron, you need to better net.
He deserves to be on air.
The element bearers for getting Robi Young.
Robi Young should certainly be on air.
Captain Dave, Dave Capri, needs to be on air.
He wasn't just with me on Zeta.
He was all over the place.
I've been there.
And you'll never believe who I was.
My psychic powers again.
Thanks by the way for Liz Mark.
I was thinking about in the shower this morning.
I have no idea why.
I guess I was thinking of this pole.
Okay.
Debbie Ellis.
Boy was she at Cal.
Get her on air.
Debbie, I never saw her in my life.
But evidently she was like a little on a porky side.
Speaking of Debbie.
Yes.
I like Joyce Kaufman.
Oh, Joyce Kaufman would be wonderful.
Let's get her on air.
Did you put Norma Kent on her yet?
Well, don't you want to get her all twisted into a knot?
Norma Kent.
Anybody else from the light bulb that we've forgotten?
You got the what's her name?
Rick Spider-Man.
Right.
Spider-Man.
S-E-I-D-E-R-M-A-N.
Got it being a boy.
S-E-I-D-E-R-M-A-N.
Rick Spider-Man.
Joyce Kaufman.
What about the guy?
What about the guy that we got the bit about?
The boring guy.
What's his name?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
The guy that we got the bit about?
What? Sorry son, I took off the green one.
Oh yeah, I'm my two boys.
New! Amendment enemies, melt in your butt, net in your hand.
There's Lady in town, she's another dox to you,
and she needs to buy bread that is unlimited.
And she's buying red as seven.
He lay them up on the bread is wonder.
And the bread is wonder.
And the bread is feeling wonder.
How much for a kiss?
How much for a kiss?
Could I get it for an equal?
Could I get it for a quarter?
Because more money than I'll miss.
How much for a hug?
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
Because more money than I'll miss.
How much for a quick feel?
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
And would I get a good deal?
Can I touch your I mean?
Okay.
Can I touch your I mean?
Okay.
Good attention for a nickel, good attention for a quarter!
You wouldn't have to remind me!
Ha ha ha ha!
I've got no money to spend!
Whoa ho ho ho!
You'll be my friend!
A ha ha time could take us far!
If you'll please get in my car
And I'll say...
to you!
How much for a hum job?
How much for a hum job?
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
Can I have for a hum job?
A hum job!
And now here's comical Ali, the former I Racky Minister of Information!
With today's health update!
Good news!
There is no such thing as SARS!
You cowardly American individuals have nothing to fear!
That's why leading health experts encourage all Americans to fly to Beijing, China
and lead the doorknob of the restrooms at the local walking clinics.
Also, a new study show that smoking cigarettes is good for you!
So, smoke them if you've gotten America!
With today's health update, I'm Mohamed Saeed Al-Sahab!
May God roast your stomachs in hell!
Stay tuned for this station!
From our updates from our Racky Minister of Information!
And now, language lab!
The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds!
Today's lesson... Greek!
Lesson 1... Strawberry Pie!
Strawberry Pie!
Lesson 2... Apple Pie!
Apple Pie!
Lesson 3...
Pumpkin Pie!
Pumpkin Pie!
Customer, what kind of pie do you have?
Answer!
Apple Pie, Strawberry and Pumpkin!
Language lab is a public service and may not be copied or authorized for resale.
Thank you!
Kuku, baby!
Let's turn this mother out!
Puff the match of rapper is on my TV!
No one heard of him before, or his name is Puff Daddy!
I said that's Puff the match of rapper won't be here that long!
Not unless he learns to sing on the right of friggin' song!
I said Puff the match of rapper is all over MTV!
Only because of one shot not glorious PIG that that guy maybe someone should tell him
making it this way is wrong!
Picking at your dead best friend's, the king, blush and fall!
Stoop doggy doggy dog on the ball track!
126 and 560 WQM, it's our gigantic summertime 1-2 hour!
We like it a lot, don't we?
Yes, we do!
Turn on!
And what's not to like plus?
All the stuff we're here and now and for days to come, at least when I'm on anyway.
It's gonna be stuff we haven't heard a long time.
At least when I'm on, George.
Yeah.
See if you had Shannon sitting upright.
Well anyway, hot couples contest, check it out!
Alexa and Mandy have moved the 477.
That's all I can say.
Alexa and Mandy, Maggie and Tom, who seem to be pretty comfortable, especially in that position,
447 or so.
I mean, away this is going, it's only Thursday.
Okay, so by Tuesday lots of stuff obviously could happen and will.
Aaron and Brandon are definitely within shooting distance of the top 2437.
Brittany and Greg 379, they made a big move today, they moved it.
And Natalie and Adrian 321, yo Adrian.
So that's what we got so far in the hot couples contest.
Keep voting, baby, keep pounding them out.
26 past 1 at 560 WQM, I cannot believe that the brand is has been around
them as long as I have in Tom 25 years this year serving people right in South Florida
with fantastic brand names.
Shoes that unbeatable everyday low prices, rock ports, echoes, mefisto, Timberland, Carks,
SAS, Floreshime, all the top names in a shoe business.
And no matter how big or tiny your feet may be, they got exactly the size you're looking for in stock like right now.
Men's size is 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12, which from the very, very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
And with over 40,000 pair of shoes in their gigantic, their humongous 8,000 square foot megastore,
you can be damn sure you can make great reads life on it that whatever you're looking for is in stock right out of stuff on your feet.
Brandy shoes 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompo, it'll be to open daily 9 to 9 every Sunday as well, 10 to 5.
It's a great time right now.
Again this week, they've extended this the second week.
It's right, thanks a lot Troy.
Better late than ever.
Right now is a great time better than even usual, the Bias A shoes that Brandy's because all men's and women's great styles are 20% off and more.
So come in and visit them right away this week at Brandy's or check them on the web if you like it.
Brandy's shoes, all one word, Brandy's shoes dot com.
And look all this is 420 by 60.
Way, way, yeah.
Get Miami Town at 5.6.0 WQK
That's long as I'm swinging and the naked chicks keep my ding dong dingin
I'll keep on swinging my shoulder
You know I'll always be smiling when the town goes off and I go my diving
I'll have a crabbing ding dong
You're not alone in the back as you swing the night away
A little drink, a little dance
Not to mention the nice buffet as long as I'm swinging
And the naked chicks keep my ding dong dingin
I'll keep on swinging my shoulder
You know I'll always be smiling when the town goes off and I go my diving
I'll have a crabbing ding dong
So may call it a lorry, have an consensual sex
But all you purists, you can fuck around with this my big white ass
As long as I'm swinging I don't give a shit what anyone's thinking
I'll keep on swinging my shoulder
You know I'll keep on swinging my shoulder
You know I'll keep on swinging my shoulder
You know I'll always be smiling when the town goes off and I go my diving
Yeah, I'll have a crabbing ding dong dingin
We're making a record, here we go
She's a big name beauty and with seen her booty
Enough to know her blonde hair's natural
When she needs a big hit they just show us her cut
And a teeny weeny peek at her patch
All the film she's in show us lots of skin
She'll get an Oscar for the way she mulls
It's my detention that I've got any directions
Someone please cover Sharon's phone
Sharon's phone over acting ain't worth the Sharon's phone
If my pants are just bitch, the Sharon's phone
I'm a person with test, cost of roads
Someone cover up Sharon's phone
You're showing Sharon some fine film, ain't she, fellas?
Yo, yeah, you're not gonna double this guy lucky with her little wood chugging nick
It might as all across the floor
Then her rubbed up, then her boss is not getting the turvy
But just about rub myself roar
She always dressed and it thank God she wore panties
Who knows the next thing she'll be showing
Don't mean to sound stupid but I think I've had enough
It's someone cover up Sharon's phone
Sharon's phone
She's gonna film a Disney movie
She's not crazy, she's just happy with her
I'm a person with test, cost of roads
Someone cover up Sharon's phone
Cover up Sharon's phone
Billy Baldwin did her cosy art
Now he's having trouble passing water
And I just can't leave myself alone
Someone cover up Sharon's phone
Sharon's phone
Got myself an eye for whoever's Sharon's phone
Oh wait, how was she, done it with the story?
She's a public garage in its zone
Someone cover up Sharon's phone
Cover up Sharon's phone
Sharon's phone
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
This is Rush Wimball
Servant of humanity, talk show host, 10-royd sufferer
Folks of over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you theirs help
With new Preparation Rush
And my Rush to Excellence Suppositories
Now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagotis you
Just look for my picture on the box of supositories
And the applicator tube
Another fine product from OIV
The obesity and broadcasting network
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
Only one thing rivaled her to look lips of the heart
And that was the total eclipse of her career
She was Bonnie Tyler
I think I can do a totally clip so far
As a member of the child growing up in Wales, you couldn't keep me away from the piano
Did you say Wales? Isn't Catherine Zeta Jones from Wales?
I think so
But I...
God, Lord that woman is hot
I mean, when she's pregnant, you just want to do her
Yes, that's fine
No good thing
Michael Douglas could ever have bagged her if he wasn't famous
I mean, come on, he's like 60 or something
Look, I thought we might discuss my work with Meatloaf songwriter Jim Steinman
Oh, you f***ing...
I'll bet sometimes while he's in bed with her, he's just lying there thinking, holy s***
I am banging Catherine Zeta Jones
Perhaps you'd find my contribution to the Footloose soundtrack worthy of your program
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Footloose is great, good for you Catherine
Bonnie
Whenever
Hey, you ever see her around, you know, in Wales?
I'm not interested in Catherine Zeta Jones
Oh, come on, I bet even women want a piece of her
I think she holds tremendous appeal that both sexes
Bloody hell, I'm going away now
Didn't you already do that back in 1985?
Anyway, it's a big juicy, soft and wet look at show business
Tonight, on inside of behind
Spreading like crazy
Spreading mid-chirms
Oi
Soon they'll be buried
And eaten by worms
People don't come together
People they stay apart
Nothing can stop it now
Because we are all scared of stars
Don't go to Asia
Don't go to Hong Kong
Absolutely
If you want to live long
People don't live forever
People must all depart
But no one wants it to happen now
That's why we are scared of stars
People don't come together
People they stay apart
Nothing can stop it now
I filled my tank up
Now as I don't know I'd be helping finance 9-11 by giving money to Unicall or Abacall and the carlie
That's in my life, son, that's not
How's that an hour's paying James Baker's great fees?
I made two to today
How was I to know I was providing bathwater to the Middle East?
Well, that ain't so bad again
Every time you light a marijuana cigarette
You're helping finance run your overlords and breaking a law based on the old movie Refer madness
Let a JoJo on up
Is the schedule of a poor man guide
I just want to help Reaver join
Now I'm white man
You know, I'm the chef of this window
This message paid for by the committee to keep America in the dark ages
Welcome back to this installment that'll moh how it David
Slap me, will you?
Slap me before I have a strong will you?
So, why are you, what's the big idea?
You're cured, Mo
You're dead
I'll give you a shot, pedal, you're here
Now let's go to the halls
No rose pot behind the abandoned pithy pride, hello
Oh yeah, hi Mo
Yeah, what do you know what you're saying?
I just want to tell you I love your show
Right, thank you
And if you've seen my dead beaver
What dead beaver?
The one that's glued to your head
Alright, Mr. David, you're supposed to leave
What a hell of a yo
We'd be here to end the third of the win
Wait, wait
Why I'll have you know I once had lunch with wit missiles
Hey, what are you doing?
Get your hair off me
You can do this the easy way to hold me
What do you think you are? You know who I am?
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
I don't push me here
And I'll move your peg
Hell yeah, you'll move your peg
Oh
What can you do?
Send them over me, please
You can't wrap them down
And tonight
Hey, hey you
What's that?
What the wood plank?
Oh, what's that?
Oh, oh
Oh, what the hell?
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
See, my brush is tingling
Now I know how that giansk has looked
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh
20 til two at five, 60, WDQ
And we got the double digit giders on the pole so far
Bob lasted at ten
Aside from me at the best all time
Sound Florida Radio personality Is or was
Bill Carter 12, Joey Reynolds 14
Scott Farrell 19
Hankelberg 21, Ricky Tickie Shaw 24, Reneerie 26, Rick Riley 28, Sutsculeman 32.
You feel better now? Yeah much. Randy Rose 44, Jim Manage 68.
Oh right!
George Rodriguez 76, and Phil Henry 174, just running away from the pack when he used to be a good guy.
Hey we got some exciting news. This isn't just the usual commercial for him,
we'll coast about the grape of faye and all the great natural stuff without any MSG
and any cornstarch and any crap in it and all the cholesterol free rolls that they cook with.
But there's a rumor going around that they're going to be having karaoke nights and Tuesday night haven't you heard that?
It might not be every Tuesday night, we're still searching for the deal.
Well at any rate we want to be the first ones to put it out there just so you don't call it be caught off guard
and promising and threatening to be singing if those karaoke nights materialize that our most cost is Duff Lindsay!
Oh! Worth the drive.
Worth the drive from anywhere that's going to be in the sunrise location of course.
There are three emerald coasts, not only are they in sunrise but they're north Miami Beach and Pembroke Pines as well.
And what about faye this is? Not just your ordinary pedestrian but it's like walking into a sea of food you nearly get lost
there's so much fresh delicious goodies.
Six different soups, dozens of succulent entrees including your strip made your order at the gourmet center
that sizzling Asian grill featuring grilled shrimp scampi style, jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and the new seafoods
and some Chinese jacquat, dunginess crab and ginger and scallions, hand-carb, pre-mixed, new oriental chicken salad and so much more.
The buffet features a full salad bar, there's a suci bar and fresh room cocktail too.
And if you have by some miracle, a little bit of room at the end, stuff some dessert in your mouth or in your pants because it's outstanding.
The dessert bar features pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings, fresh fruit as well.
You'll find them in sunrise, pineapple and a forty-fourth street, Duff Lindsay coming there soon,
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and at the end of 6th of Flamingo and Pemberg Grotes in prestigious Pemberg Pines.
Take your family or a book your next business luncheon right now, all-size parties are welcome.
Let the folks at the Emelco's do all the work in cooking for you and make delicious feast available to you and don't forget
take on the liver you're available to call 9-5-4-572-3822.
What's that number again? 9-5-4-572-3822 and keep your eye and your shrimp peeled for Duff Lindsay coming soon to the Emelco's Chinese buffet.
5-6-6-6-6-8, the regular your family, you am!
Yo!
Oh, what's the problem officer? The ploy from the vehicle.
Quick watch, 11 bullets in the air!
If you're God-driving without a seat belt, you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seat belt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new law is an effect now, so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this, they are only following orders.
It's for your own protection in the never-ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorists act such as mouth noise, purpose and fighting that could be annoying to others.
So under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
We like saying that.
The law.
The law.
It's the law.
It's for the time.
It's for the time.
It's for the time.
It's for the time.
It's for the time.
It's for the time.
It's for the time.
It's for the time.
The law of children, welcome to the Asher's Terrorist kindergarten.
You know what that means?
It's for the time.
That's right.
And what do we want to be?
We want to be partners.
And how do we do this?
You know what our hero is?
You know what our hero is?
You know what our hero is?
You know what our hero is?
You know what we fund our activities with money from Southampton saying,
I'm your heavy amuse at a bar, the Black Rim America.
Junior, do we want peace with Israel?
No, we want to kill them and drive them into the sea.
They're good children.
No stress on your bones.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
I'm a bad boy.
No one!
No one!
I'm a bad boy.
When you want us, you'll just convince our하는 lives next.
We'll have fun.
100 years fairy, 100 years, a thousand years while we're still blind,
Well, build their boy toys around.
First, there was Calvin Klein's obsession.
Then, Elizabeth Taylor's passion.
Now comes an exciting new fragrance inspired by America's number one television star.
Introducing Horse and Bals derriere.
Hey, gals.
You know, women like you and me are never gonna look like Liz Taylor.
So why should we smell like her?
Just do what I do.
Splash some of this junk on until you're studying often to kiss your dairy.
Imagine how you'll feel with horse and bals derriere.
There's nothing bigger than my dairy hair.
Dairy hair.
Just look for the huge pink can.
New from Estelao Book.
Here's Ricardo Motobom and the Chrysler New Yorker.
This luxurious automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from a New Yorker.
And now Chrysler introduces an onboard microprocessor which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker.
Hey, moron. You wanna put on your f***ed seat belt or what you're about to eat just steering wheel, eh?
Ah, yes. This is truly a New Yorker.
Hey, genius. You see that's the f***ing headlights on.
Jeez. You want dumbass?
Oh, you know that.
And for the most dangerous city in the world, a security system second to none.
Hey, bagel braids. You wanna lock the f***ing doors?
Or maybe we should put a f***ing sign in the f***ing window since Rip me off.
Yes, the Chrysler New Yorker.
If you can find a better luxury car, buy it.
Ah, buy this, dip s***. I got your luxury right here.
You know, Rosanne made a mistake in it a bit.
That's what she said she would never look like Liz Taylor.
Yeah. See if you wait long enough, 152 at 560 WQM we got the Mandolk coming up at 2 o'clock to a Humper or Hank Goldberg for the 7th of big.
Oh!
7 o'clock because there's no ball game tonight.
Any K-10, Julie Mark overnight, 2 to 5 an A.M.
And the good news is, no mo, he's on vacation again tomorrow.
Absolutely.
He'll be solo at the A.M. before.
If you're in a really crappy, meaningless dead end job making almost peanuts,
as college too expensive and takes too long for you to wait to find a life in a career,
well here's the answer for you, perhaps.
If you can afford only $10 a month to commit yourself to 3 nights a week for 4 months,
fast-tranking up you achieve a brand new high-paying computer career and change your life forever.
That's right, just $10 a month for 3 nights a week for only 4 months for individuals who qualify.
So call a fast train.
What do you got to lose beside a crappy job?
Call 1-866 fast train with 4 locations all over town.
There is boundary 1 nearby you.
Call fast train at 1-866 fast train to be talking to a train career counselor who really knows their crap.
Fast train offers day evening a weekend schedules, dot placement hands on training.
So do tag record all of it to yourself a big favor, call fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
Don't forget fast trains to for a payment as valid for a year.
Regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody underpaid dead end job,
or just looking to increase that bottom line, call fast train today and get out of that rut out of your dead end.
Call 1-866 fast train or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at fasttrain.com.
We're sports radio 560, 2AM.
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime all the time.
Hey, mister.
Mister mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me.
But sir, who we've done with New York City Times Square, bringing back in street.
Hang on.
Bring it.
Bring it.
Get the blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
Eisner, book, sir.
Look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
40 Seconds Street is incredible.
I don't know what, publicly, I supported that, but you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gabboscom like kids.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Listen to me, but much.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Loan's stage, $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute.
Three months.
Yes, the blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
Bring yourself up for heaven's sake.
And head off the module, cleaner.
Okay, boss.
Look, God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bobmovie.
There's 60 years old.
Why don't you just put James Bobmov willing on to be done with it?
Lee Tha'ai make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned we were in Stitchin' now.
We have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
Oh, I know. Signs.
What the hell does that mean? Stop sign, yield sign.
You've got to start swinging some of these titles past me.
Please.
Oh, what's that?
Remus.
Remus.
I know you can't hear me.
Remus.
You're still running on the back of the planet.
You're done, Bobmo.
You're running on the back of the planet.
Get out of here, Remus.
And take that blue bird with you.
All right.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I've done what, sir.
I'll put Hannah Starr in your job.
What, sir?
You're not terrible.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I'll put Remus in there.
I don't want to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day.
Get out of here, you nutbag.
No, will you call that stuff, man?
Bobmo, can you get that mess out my face?
Damn.
Give it to Mikey, man.
He hate everything.
Oh, save it. It's not too bad.
He likes it.
Hey, Mikey.
My ties in fact,
and you put a ship in my helmet.
All along, all along my tights and bad.
Now I'm gonna get gas and get everything you wanted.
All along, all along my tights and bad.
In three years, has he become a wolf sea?
All along, all along my tights and bad.
The first thing that he did is go out and get some.
Yeah.
All along, all along my tights and bad.
Hey, now all of his is mentioned.
Hey, he's up on the wolf incentives.
In the ring, he's gonna look to deck ya.
All along, all along my tights and bad.
Just stand here, cause he'll be rest facing mecha.
All along, all along my tights and bad.
Hey, I am Mike.
Get your big hand off our assets.
All along, all along my tights and bad.
That's so happy, cute.
But we won't go for your passive.
All along, all along my tights and bad.
Now if you're into pinching tails,
Hey, every thought she's gotta bear.
We thought in jail that you might try to get out.
Out.
You'd make a real cute miss like USA.
That ties the back and he's for and comes to play.
Bye, bye, bye.
The rest you showed on Clips and Knew Q&A.
My name is for my name's Hardy.
Yeah, absolutely.
