Well, that's just piece of the pieces.
I was just gonna take this anymore!
OOOOOO!
Oh, poorly once again, no more.
So we blow up Pakistan.
All right, we could chase him round forever.
With our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are so tired of jumping through them.
You know we need another plane.
Yeah, let's cut out all the nonsense.
And we'll blow up Pakistan.
Oh!
How can a need to nuclear-tane?
We're gonna blow him up here.
Why don't we stop to see food?
And we'll blow up Pakistan.
Here comes my favorite part.
There's nothing.
All the emotional when he does that, you know?
902-560 WM Happy Tuesday.
It's kinda like a dark day and more than one.
Why is that?
Well, we had those little problems.
First of all, we had to check near a little bit of a problem there.
Although I guess we don't care too much about that because no Americans died.
And then the one in Riyadh and Saudi Arabia, we had more suicide bombers,
more crazy bastards blowing up people.
Blown up people because they're pissed off and fired up.
And just so happens that these terrorists happen to be Saudi Arabians.
And especially that in passing again.
Like those World Trade Center terrorists.
Right.
And like those terrorists at the Kobar Towers.
Uh-huh.
Off a lot of terrorists in Saudi Arabia, but also there are a lot of members of the Carlisle group
and have been in the Laden family there.
So we don't want to like that precipitously, although we are getting our troops out of there,
but nevertheless.
So at least 13 killed in the Saudi blast, at least had them more American, although,
you know, there are 50 different stories.
They've all got different numbers in there on how many were killed with these suicide car bombs.
And in the AP story, it says, a US official speaking on condition of anonymity
said, overall casualties appeared to be in the hundreds.
And that several members of the Saudi National Guard died in the attacks.
He also said, British, German, French, Australian, other Arab citizens were among the dead wounded along with the Americans.
So they're still counting bodies and body parts.
Another grotesque act, and you can be damn sure you can bet Bina Bois life on it.
It won't be the last.
You know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
I'll bet two of his lives.
Okay.
Oh, is he got more than one?
Now he's got a pussy.
He's probably got nine like a cat, like they ever really cat.
Our poll question yesterday, who was the most underrated movie actor actress of all time?
I don't think they liked this pool all the way.
We had a worth thousand votes, thousand and about 30, something like that.
But not the usual tremendous response, probably because a lot of them didn't see the name of their favorite on the list.
Oh, look at the way he's spelled.
Yuri Senezi.
That's embarrassing.
Yuri Seneiz.
Is that how you spell it?
I think I looked out one up.
I'm not mistaken.
S-I-N-I-S-E.
Uh-huh.
I think I remember looking down on that picture.
Well, I could be wrong.
Anyway, most underrated movie actor actress of all time, Steve Buscemi 98.
Yuri Oldman 81.
Adhera 76.
Ed O'Neill 73. James Garner 60.
He's got to be more like 80, don't he? James Garner?
No, at least.
He had 60 votes. Kevin Bacon 54.
We like Kevin Bacon a lot on the show.
Brian Denny 51.
William H. Macy 42.
Jeff Bridges 39.
I've seen a little bit of a movie last night with Jeff Bridges on it.
Where he was accused of murder.
Yeah, and was it what's your name?
Was it in that movie?
You know what's your name?
Oh, her.
Yeah, I like her a lot.
Yeah, no, seriously.
You know the movie I'm talking about.
She represents.
She was in loya.
Got another little more than that.
Okay, well, it'll come to me.
Yuri Seneiz.
C. 36.
Lijay Cobb 34.
He should add a lot more votes.
But then again, this crowd they don't know from Lijay Cobb or Kornama.
Carl Mullen 30.
Tim Curry 26.
Alan Arkin 23.
Robert Shaw 20.
I have no idea who that is.
You don't eat?
No, Robert Shaw.
If I see him, I probably would better know by name.
Right.
I know Clay Shaw.
Rick Shaw.
Rick Shaw, we know.
Eli Wallach and Peter Boyle also had 20 votes.
Poor Eli.
I thought we could reason together.
George Kennedy and Peter Laurie Chad 18.
James Spader 17.
George is really upset about that.
Divine had 15.
Sterling Hayden had 13.
Let's say.
There was a great actor.
The thing you brought at brains over in Icyberleaks suit.
Jack Warden had 13.
What are most favorites?
Joseph Cotton, Philip Seymour Hoffman and Cloris Leach, we each had 11.
Joseph Cotton should add a lot more than 11 votes.
But then again, this crowd.
John Kazell had only 10.
I mean, you know, generally speaking, a survey isn't that bad.
But John Kazell had only 10 votes.
And you want to know why?
They don't know who that is.
Make it handle.
They come smart.
Yeah.
And for respect, we must go anyway.
And the Joan Allen didn't have any.
I'm not going to go through all these.
Kira Sedgwick had seven.
I should mention that.
And Ty Diggs had five.
And Omar Fs had eight.
And that would you had a case of this morning.
The Grapes.
Oh, bad.
And Joan Allen didn't have any out of well over 1000 votes.
Even if she had the big.
So how did her name get on her in her first place?
Somebody called it in.
No, they didn't.
They did.
I think you just made it up.
Okay.
Paul Krugman in the New York Times today, the China syndrome.
Got to do a little bedtime story action here.
Well, we got a lot of stuff today.
Lots and lots of stuff.
Jose Santos.
You asked holes at the Harold somebody.
Somebody at the Harold like needs to be bound and gagged, you know,
with a rubber ball in their mouth.
As usual, the Harold can't get it right.
Boy, do they suck?
Do they suck?
They blow.
Poor Jose Santos, one of the great chockeys who got his start in the US in South Florida,
Carter and Gulfstream.
Great choc.
He cashed a lot of tickets on Jose.
And if you look at the real pictures from the Derby,
you see there's a space between the fingers and the whip.
And you see in that space the color of the blue silks of Jerry Bailey who's on a horse behind Santos.
There's no object.
There's a foreigner otherwise in his hand with the whip.
But the Harold comes up with his picture, Goddling knows how the hell they got that angle of it.
And right away we got to have an investigation and we got a smear Jose Santos and all this other crap.
You notice once again, crap nasty ugly stuff and where does it come back to?
South Florida.
Always.
You know what it might have been in his hand?
Maybe some of the hanging chads were left over in his hand right with the whip.
You think?
Let's see that picture.
Yeah, let's see if Chad is in his hand.
Paul Kruppman writes in today's New York Times, the Chinatown Syndrome.
Oh, is this good?
He says, a funny thing happened during the Iraq War.
Many Americans tune to the BBC for their TV news.
They were looking for an alternative point of view, something they could not find on domestic networks,
which in the words of the BBC's general director general,
racked themselves in the American flag and substituted patriotism for impartiality.
We decide the rights and wrongs of the war itself and consider the paradox.
The BBC is owned by the British government and one might have expected it to support that government's policies.
In fact, however, it tried hard.
Too hard it's critics say to stay impartial.
America's TV networks are privately owned yet they behave like state-run media.
What explains this paradox?
It may have something to do with the China syndrome.
Not not the one involving nuclear reactors.
The one exhibited by Rupert Murdoch's news corporation when dealing with the government of the people's republic.
In the US, Mr. Murdoch's media empire, which includes Fox News on the New York Post,
is known for its flag-waving patriotism.
But all that patriotism didn't stop him from as a fortune article put it,
pandering to China's repressive regime to get his programming into that vast market.
The pandering included dropping the BBC's world service, which reports news China's government doesn't want disseminated
from its satellite programming and having his publishing company cancelled publication of a book critical of the Chinese regime.
Can something like that happen in this country? Of course it can.
Through its policy decision, especially,
though not only decisions involving media regulation, the US government can reward media companies that please it, punish those that don't.
This gives private networks and instead to curry favor with those in power yet because the networks aren't government-owned,
they aren't subject to the kind of scrutiny faced by the BBC which must take care not to seem like a tool of the ruling party.
So we shouldn't be surprised if America's independent television is far more deferential to those in power than the state-run systems in Britain,
or for another example, Israel.
A recent report by Stephen Labaton of the Times contained a nice illustration of the US government's ability to reward media companies that do what it wants.
The issue was a proposal by Michael Powell, chairman of the FCC to relax regulations on media ownership.
The proposal formally presented yesterday may be summarized as a plan to let bigger fish eat more of the smaller fish.
Big media companies will be allowed to have a larger share of the national market and own more TV stations than any given local market,
and many restrictions on cross-ownership owning radio stations, TV stations, and newspapers in the same local market will be lifted.
The plan's defects aside, it will further reduce the diversity of news available to most people, what struck me was the horse trading involved.
One media group wrote to Mr. Powell dropping its opposition to part of his plan and returned for favourable commission action on another matter.
That was indiscreetly, it had to be very naive not to imagine that there were a lot of implicit quid pro-cows out there.
And the implicit trading surely extends to news content, imagine the TV news executive considering whether to run a major story that might damage the Bush administration, say a follow-up on Senator Bob Graham's charge that a congressional report on 9-11 has been classified because it would raise embarrassing questions about the administration's performance.
Surely it would occur to that executive that the administration could punish any network running that story.
Meanwhile, both the formal rules and the codes of ethics that formerly prevented blatant partisanship are gone or ignored, Neil Cavottoa Fox News is an anchor, not a commentator, yet after Baghdad's fall he told,
those who oppose liberation of Iraq, a large minority, that you were sickening then you are sickening now, fair and balanced.
We don't have censorship in this country, it's still possible to find different points of view, but we do have a system in which the major media companies have strong incentives to present the news in a way that pleases the party in power and no incentive not to.
Right, Paul Krugman in today's New York Times, damn good article if you ask me, nice going, Paul, he's got a thumb right on it.
Neil Cavottoa, my ass, all spin all day, that's what you got on the fascist news network, all spin all day, all unbalanced all the time, bunch of fascist bastards.
If I'm going to say that I can put a question out, say it now, I'm just waiting, I'm just spinning my wheels.
Once again, I look to the letters to the editor in both hero and the Suns and I see one letter in there about the Patriot Act, about the Broward County Commission resolution.
Now, have we heard any more from now and we want to spin in our wheels here, but the text clear, 12 minutes past 9, speaking of checks, if your check is tiny and puny, man, if it's just a little embarrassing puny one.
Here's the answer for you, get yourself a new high-paying computer job, and start making the big bucks. Thanks for a good buddies at Fast Train.
So if here's the deal, if you're sick and tired of being in a dead end job working for some schmuck, making peanuts like an elephant in the circus, call Fast Train today and they'll show you how in no time at all, just for sure at months, you can get the training to have yourself a real meaningful computer career and a big paying job.
Call them today, 1-866 Fast Train. Fast Train offers convenient day evening and weekend classes for you.
Check them out on the web if you like it, Fast Train.com, and don't forget, because they have locations all over town, there's bound to be one year by you and computer professionals are in mighty high demand, like never before.
You'll find Fast Train in Miami, Kindle, Pember Pines and Fort Lauderdale 2. And don't forget to register at Fast Train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker to show that you're an approved patriotic American.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train today, there's no obligation, they'll explain it to you. 1-866 Fast Train. Be sure and tell them that old Todd Breck, toward you to call 1-866 Fast Train.
I don't care how many day go, Jenny, walk, break ball, gumbas come out on a wooden board.
And now, it's time for Leedit to Ozzy, Stung Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver, Hugh Vomont as Ward Cleaver and the irrepressible Ozzy Osborne as the Oz.
Oh, good morning, Ozzy. Oh, f*** you, Mom.
Oh dear, I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van.
Oh, to bloody hell, I can't believe it, I must be headhurt. What a f***ing shaman. Shaman!
Who's Sharon? Is that one of your friends from school, dear?
Good morning, Ozzy. What f*** you, that get out of my fight.
Now, Ozzy, let's go wait and talk here, father. Say, son, what have you got planned for today?
We're going to be able to work up plan for today.
Oh, no, this one's the Prince of Dog, it's after handing out a f***ing chiner.
I'm going to go fight the hell over the boss of the Harskow.
I was like, oh, you have fun now. OK, Ozzy?
Yeah, sure, one, two, f*** you, so.
We hope you enjoyed this episode of Lea, the two Ozzy.
Tune in next week when you hear Ozzy say f***ing obvious.
F***ing f***ing f***ing f***ing.
It's 917 at 5, almost stepped on Ozzy there, he'd really get upset, get out of shape.
He don't forget that Thursday's the deadline for a hot couples contest for this month.
So log out to our website, NeilRoggers.com.
Email a picture of yourselves with your significant other.
Can't be like a separate pictures of one hot model over here and some of that ain't going to cut it.
Eric, I'm a little...
And Amy, never got any pictures of them together, right?
Not yet.
Maybe they don't want to be in the same room with the same time.
Maybe they don't know each other.
Well, guess what? That ain't going to fly as much as I like looking at them pictures of Aaron.
A Boeinerboy emailed me with all those glowing comments on there, blowing and glowing comments.
I'm starting to wonder about Boeiner a little bit.
But at any rate, that ain't going to counter less, we get a picture of them together.
So you're still out of shot.
We got about what it doesn't.
They're about.
There are votes.
About a dozen entries so far.
You still have till Thursday morning to get them in.
So Thursday morning at 9, let's make that the deadline, okay?
Because starting this Thursday May 15, pictures will be put up on our website for a week and even vote for your favorite,
who's the hottest couple of mall.
And then Thursday May 22, the couple with the most votes will win.
And the first price is a three day two night stay for two at the Royal Oasis Resort in Casino, in the Bahamas,
with round trip air-fired Laker Air and runner up gets dinner for two at the Pizza Law.
Kind of a disparity in prizes there, you know?
Oh, come on.
Well, I mean, now that's good.
In other words, if you're really the hottest couple of them all, you get a really good prize.
And if you're like a kind of lukewarm runner up, then you get some chow with the Pizza Law.
Which the chow is good, but of course the prices there are so reasonable anyway.
It's not going to be like valued like a whole lot.
Not that I wanted to manage the value of, but you do see what I'm saying.
Right, I understand.
Anyway, here's our poll today, which I'm sure will get a little bit of a response or maybe not.
Who the hell knows? You never know with this crowd.
Not another movie poll, is it?
Yeah, as a matter of fact.
And somebody suggested it yesterday.
Now, maybe you did this already in the past and I really don't care because I was somewhere far away.
And probably the passage of time, you forgot how it came out anyway, I was right.
See, here's the poll question.
What's the most memorable line ever from a movie?
You know, things that you keep saying over and over again like...
That's the one we didn't like that.
Yeah, like that.
Oh, and I didn't put that on there yet.
No, that yet.
Well, we'll get to it.
Anyway, here are the ones that I've got so far.
Forget about it from Donnie Brasco with the lovely Johnny Depp.
I'm going to make him an offer we can't refuse from the Godfather.
Well, I guess we could play somebody's if we got him on here.
Let's see what I'm going to do.
One moment please.
But I still... I can't find any of these on here because I don't know what they're under.
Like...
I want to make them an offer we can't refuse.
Right, like I said.
And then of course, also from the Godfather.
I'll find it, just relax.
It leaves it good.
I think it only.
From the shining here is Johnny.
I'm Manacelle Network.
Right.
Peter Finch.
I'm a mad ass hell!
I'm not going to think this anymore.
Oh!
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn from going with the wind.
I mean, wouldn't that pop into your mind like you should leave now soon?
No, my favorite life in that movie.
I didn't... from that movie?
Right.
What's the other line?
Don't touch!
Don't touch!
Ha ha ha ha!
Huh.
Uh, go ahead and make my day dirty Harry.
And we don't know which dirty Harry movie we'll win, or do we really care?
Somebody's going to get it.
And what's the other line?
I'm dying over here from a dog day afternoon.
See?
Oh!
Just drop my pen on the floor.
That's not a good sign.
I'm dying over here, dog day afternoon.
I guess Attica, and nobody goes around saying Attica.
I only want to do that.
But then again, I'm a little strange.
Well, I mean, it just sticks in my mind.
I like that scene where he's not there waving a handkerchief.
Yeah, that's a good scene.
Attica, and a crowd he's trying to egg the crowd on, you know.
That was Al Pacino when he was in a good movie.
As opposed to many of the other movies when it was really, I mean, just absolutely sucked in blue.
I'm dying over here!
Yeah.
And of course, I don't want to go into the background.
It's very sad.
All these listeners who've departed with a big talk show audience in the sky.
Right.
He's been dead a long time that guy, whoever that was.
Yeah, I'm dying over here, guy.
Didn't sound like an old guy either.
No.
It's going around.
There's a lot of dead people, folks.
It's really going around.
I'd watch it if I were you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
The most memorable line ever from a movie.
In history, it can be from a movie from 100 years ago.
How about one from the Silent Movie?
That would be good.
Sure.
Like that Nostrad too I was watching here earlier.
Right.
Oh, and you want to think his own right now.
I could be wrong.
And I am wrong.
The Stingers is on.
Now I thought Batman was on.
What's the Stingers?
Oh, yeah, we'll do that, Paul, tomorrow.
What's your favorite polka?
Yeah, we haven't done that one in a long time.
Got to have the polka.
I was just going to say they beat me right to the punch.
Well, it's the only one I know.
Your favorite polka artist?
Can't look at those names.
We used to play those on the air.
Maybe you're not old enough to play the piano.
I haven't, I didn't have to play them on the air,
but I've heard them played on the air.
Oh, I can't think of the names of the polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I think the old polka.
I don't know what that is.
The dot is gone.
Yeah.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
I don't know what that is.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
Maybe we would have hoped it.
He's got to try something.
Here's Davey.
Here's Davey.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Well посd movement you mentioned that yesterday
But го prefer the
good.
anging
One, one, one, or the other Pull.
Before we do this one because
that. Yeah. We can do whatever the hell I want. Can't we? Of course, that's all up to
Eric, whether Eric really wants to be put under that kind of pressure. You think he
wants to do it? No. We're going to do it anyway. We don't really care. What? I said,
no. Why not? Because I don't want to be put under that kind of pressure. What do you
got to do with it? It's a very simple pull. Yeah, it's just going to take me a long
time to type it up. Now, what is this apocalypse now? Yeah, that's what I was going to ask
on. When you spelled your recent EC correctly, by the way, nice call. Let's hear it. For
you said it and the movie or just the movie that it's from just the movie that it's
from my God. Now, this is a apocalypse now. I love to smell it. But yes, we don't want
the actor and who said it. Just what movie it's from. Like nobody knows who said here
is Johnny in a shining like we need to tell an addition to which how about leave the gun
take the canola? I mean, we know it was commensus said that, but then we got to put though
what was his name, the actor? The he is dead. So we don't even know the actor play
clemenz. What shame on you? I can't believe you don't know the name of the actor play
clemenz. If they like the line, then they'll know who said it. Right. What difference does
it make? Just the movie it's from. That's our see, this is the problem you make problems
where they don't exist. That's why you're not getting that raise yet. Let's see if
we can't bring you under control a little bit. Yeah. Because Clarence said he needs to
manipulate you a little more before you get to raise. We got it with dust said that.
He's on vacation. Don't need to look at that much. You got a whole week to heal up.
Okay. Now what's the a pool? Oh, let's see. How do I phrase this carefully?
Okay. America was better off is was better off. This is going to be phrased under
Bill Clinton or George W Bush. Okay. America was better off.
Dot dot dot off. Under under. And then dot dot dot. Okay.
Bill Clinton or George W Bush. Fitty, Fitty. And this is just a temporary pool to keep
the people occupied and keep them busy and to keep Eric out of trouble. So we don't
need too many guy to Embryk this is this morning. Because the rumor I'm hearing from Orlando
is that he's ballooning up. That's why not. And just a rumor. Haven't you heard that
rumor? No. You just hear me say it? Oh, yeah, I did hear it. We heard it this morning.
That's where it started. 26 past nine at five sixty WQM on a great Tuesday, man.
It's a little murky here, but at least it's not 90 in the shade. You know, because I'm
also hearing a lot of rumors about it's hotter than hell and suppressive than people are
feeling out of there like crazy. They'd rather take a chance in China. They'd rather
take a chance with SARS or maybe score bites. Hmm. Can I admit that I had some score bites
yesterday? Again. What do you mean by that? Oh, you have the ice cream the other day.
This course ice cream. So that was over the weekend. No, I'm not doing that again. Are you crazy?
I'm not the ones crazy. Yeah, you're right. I'm hooked. I'm a drug addict. Hey, if you're
hooked on being fat, here's one of the things you might want to try balance for life.
And the reason I say you might want to try it is because it's so simple that even the
most frustrated of all fatties out there, this is one you're like because there's no work
for you to do other than picking up your little black sack at your door when you get out
of the sack in the morning. It's right there at your home at your work wherever you are
by six in the morning. And inside your black sack is all the food you need for the day.
Once a week, they send you a little menu. You fill out. You have a choice for each meal every day
that's run a program and in your little black sack, there is the food three delicious meals,
two delicious snacks all in your gourmet food, all fresh and delicious, nothing frozen,
frozen or frozen. No chemicals, no pre-fat crap, all really good delicious stuff. It'll keep
you satisfied all day long as the weight pours off your body all based on the principles
of Dr. Barry Sears zone diet. It really works. So if you're frustrated with all the other diets,
if you've tried them and you failed and you're still fat and sick and disgusting and maybe
diabetes and all these other things, try balance for life. This might be the one you're looking
for. You'll have to give it a shot. Call today. There's no obligation. Call 954-568-3229 and let
our friends at balance for life. Help you lose that weight once and for all. 954-568-3229 or visit
their prestigious website at balanceforlife.com.
We're sports radio fighters. You AM.
Our David's a bitch. New this fall on Fox. It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've
ever seen. Thicking a pop snuggles into his king-size bed with warm milk and cookies and
interviews of Hollywood's hottest young celebrities. You know, this is Michael Jackson in bed with
an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of Moby and Disney's new animated
adventure, The Jungle Book 2. Please welcome my special guest in my bed, Haley George Ozman.
Do we have a dozing your bed? It's innocent. It's very charming. I let my children sleep with
Barry Gibb. So tell me, Haley George Ozman, how was it working with lovable bear balloon?
Well, he's not real Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman.
Hey, look what I could do with this.
You never know who's going to be sleeping in Michael's bed.
I'm here with my next guest, Nogo Luff in my bed. It's a big TV star. The child who plays
sip-w屈 is son and N.Y. P.D. Blue. Hello child who plays sip-w屈 is son and N.Y. P.D. Blue.
Hi, my child. Would you like to play a game child who plays sip-w屈 is son and N.Y. P.D. Blue? Sure.
Put put on this mask. I'm going to throw it for you.
Having so much fun me and my children play this game with Barry Gibb all the time. Put the mask on.
I can't hear it. Touch this one time.
So grab some more milk and cookies and join Waco Jack Overson late night TV like you've never
seen before. It's sleeping with Michael Jackson. Weak nights on Fox.
I'm 32 at 560 and I'll let's see from all and justice for all. I'm out of order. No, you're out of order.
Actually the part of that line is the whole F and system is out of order. Isn't that what he says?
Right. Well it's kind of a tirade which part of that line. Well wait a minute. What's the question
again the most memorable line ever? See a line can't be like a whole speech. Right? Right. I would
Well I'm putting that in the bottom of the pile. We'll consider that. We'll take that under
our advisement. We got 12 quick votes on our other on our preliminary poll today. America was
better off under Bill Clinton or George W Bush. Bill Clinton's got 11 votes.
I guess even the worst of mathematicians out there can figure out that W's got one.
Here's the fact is got apparently requested yet another Texas mother to kill her children.
Absolutely correct sir. Three questions come to mind. It says why is a number one?
Why is God calling upon the people of Texas to make these sacrifices?
Two, if God is in such close contact with Texas, might he also be speaking with President Bush?
In fact God is directing the presidency. It stands to reason that opposing President Bush is
the same as opposing God himself. Like, no God. Now wonder so many Americans are supporting George
Bush. If it's not blind patriotism, it's divine inspiration. Also how could you left Rutger
Hower off yesterday's pool? You are trading on 10 ice. So it says you're right. I am trading on
10 ice. That's what Tom Jica said. Yeah, Robbie Needamari scores a short anti goal for Anaheim yesterday.
Should we have kept him on the Panthers? No, he's stuck in Calgary. He's stuck with a Panthers.
So that's why this whole idea, while somebody went someplace else and they were really good,
Robbie Needamari could have played in Florida for another 20 years and still would have stuck
the joint out. Okay? Just like Needamari would have played in Calgary. He needed a change of scenery.
He needed to be back with his old buddy BM Calgary. Oh, what can I say? They never make the playoffs
anyway, but Anaheim too nothing yesterday over Minnesota. Does anybody care about these playoff?
No, it's really terminal. Although Marty Hadlat number nine will be in line if we're out of a
beat some jersey again tonight. Oh, yeah, look at these are these are going to be great. This is
going to be a long list. It's a van good thing. We got this preliminary poll to keep these
bastards. I mean, these people busy. Now let's see, I'll be back. That's the terminator.
Yes. See the reason I have to ask it's an Arnold movie I have never seen an Arnold movie
and I never would watch one. Oh, how can you say that real easy? Read my lips.
From mommy, there is no wire hangers. Oh, every day I use that one. No. Is it nowhere no more?
No wire hangers. No, you're thinking of that poll we did on the morning show and they said no Mo.
That was the number one choices matter fact. No Mo. Oh, sorry Mo, he's on a way back. Got that long
trip up the Boca. Don't spoil his trip up there. Okay. Have a nice to have a lovely day at Paradise Mo
at the senior citizens from in Boca. Let's see from Goodfellas. Funny. Funny how. Now that's not the
line. That's another like routine. Do I am used to I am used to that's the line right? So peshy. Do I
amuse use? Yeah, I'm used to use why you see do I am use use right? Goodfellas. That's the line.
Oh, this is going to be a ponderous lawn, which is going to be like those. It's going to take a lot of
good time. Oh, look at this fact. Somebody sends me this MSNBC's great right hope.
On a banxually one side and gleefully dishonest slick as a amount of gravel Scarborough country MSNBC's
latest crack at prime time news entertainment is something for everybody. And it goes down about
Joe Scarborough did this and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi and the never met a recyclable Riley is and we can't
amp up with some emphatic forehead gymnastics. But despite all of these things, it's off to a slow
start. He's got a Nielsen rating of 0.5. They might as well just shut that thing off and put a home
shopping channel on there. And you see if they were smart, they do that like today at noon.
Let's see up the whole thing. I'm Tony. They it's a lost cause. They just they do the a
PD bulldozer thing. They keep moving the different shows around and the only one good show they had
was pressing the cannon. They've taken it and like split it up into two parts. So now it's on
between three and four and five and six. Whatever. I don't know when it's on. And to keep moving
a Chris Matthews around with his soft balls. It's it's a joke. Why didn't you just give up? Okay,
you're done. You're finished. Man, is it suck? Now look at this. What is this? Troy Stratford.
Bada bada bada bada. Yeah, if we don't have any presence of Canada.
Uh, my bed is just fine. Okay, Troy. Don't worry about it. My bed here is just fine. I'm going to
good night sleep every night. No little dog to wake me up and that's everything is fine. No bed,
please. Just don't forget about it. Forget about it. I appreciate the efforts, but forget about it.
Little inside. Vendus there. Maybe I could help.
You're out. It's your age. Well, what's this article here from BBC? I saw this on the,
well, you can only put so many stories on there and then be a boy. I get really upset if we start
trying to put 500 stories on every day and get really pissed off and grouchy continued anti-American
ism could result in the US disengaging from the rest of the world with dangerous consequences.
NATO general secretary Lord Robertson is warning. He was commenting on the threat to world order
posed by the continuing rift between Europe and the US and the wake of the Iraq war. And I should
point out again that the US dollars worth squat. Box 16 on the euro and 72 cents on a Canadian dollar
which was 62 cents just months ago. It is a scary. Not only all this unemployment that's going on,
but the fact that the American dollar isn't worth crap, crap ski. On the markets down a little
bit, but not too much. You'd consider without terrorist crap going on over there in Saudi Arabia
that something might have awakened these bastards. Now, nothing's going to deter them.
I mean, what more could you want? You know, high unemployment, gigantic growing deficits,
the dollar is worth nothing. What more could you want to inspire investors from coast to coast,
right? Tax cut. And that big tax cut right going to have all that extra money?
Okay, let's get down to business here because I get the feeling I'm getting, and we can all
let me forget about the Oreo cookies. We already didn't have on Jose Santos. Nice going, Jose.
I'm picking funny side again in the pre-tune. Let's go all the way with the triple crown,
now that Empire Maker ain't in there. Okay. Okay, don't forget about that.
On the US mayor, Jay Garner from Orlando, good old General Garner. Oh, geez. He went over big.
In fact, it was funny because I don't know they spoke such good English over in Baghdad,
but they all lined up thousands of them and said in unison. Bye, bye, bye. Yeah, yesterday. Don't
buy a house. I guess he wasn't thumping his chest anymore, talking about, oh, it's so proud to be
an American. Now, we've got to puff up your chest. They said, who the hell are you kidding, man? We'd
like some electricity, maybe a little bit of water, maybe a little bit of order in the street,
so we don't have to be fearful of going out of our house. Garbage removal. Yeah, things like
all of these things would be nice. I like the sanitary condition. Mounds of garbage everywhere.
Yeah, but imagine all the nice flies that are hanging out. Oh, well, like a nice snack.
Oh, do you ever have like toasted flies? Not lately. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, okay.
These are for the list and I want to say something after about the politics. Go right ahead. Okay.
This is just alone. You're poorly. How you do it? You're a injury and I beat up up up up up up.
No, the line is yo Adrian. That's the line. That's what I said. Okay. And here's
Al Pacino in Scarface. I come from cool, but you cockroaches.
Come on, you cockroaches. Come on over cockroaches. I'm gonna get another one is, of course, the old one is
um, frankly, my dear. I don't give it damn. I don't know. We got that. We got it on it. Okay. The other one is the F catch.
That's the politics. What do you think about this?
12th graders or third graders, remember, they take the F catch. They got this teacher senator on the radio right now.
I'm not 30 in the morning of Bay County saying that if they don't pass the F catch, they can, um, you know,
graduate. I mean, what is this? Is this with the um, a form of action deal? Like say you're in a
university, right? And you don't pass a test. Of course, you're not going to graduate.
So you're forgetting, you're forgetting what state you're in.
Well, I mean, the way I look at it is she trying to give votes from me when I turn 18 years old or what
I just want to hear what you're going to say about that.
Well, what is there to say? I mean, it's it's pathetic. This is the education governor, man. It's an
embarrassing. Well, I mean, you know, even though I'm a Democrat, I'm behind Bush on that because, uh,
you know, if they don't pass the test, they shouldn't graduate. Yeah.
And you know, if they go on to college, they they're not going to pass a test when they're
when they're a senior, you know, what's going to go on?
If they can, but they're going to, uh, you're also behind Bush on the on the class size on his
devious plans to, uh, to try to change the public's mind on the class size amendment, which was passed
by the public. Well, I'm in the middle, you know, I'm a Democrat, but I'm moderate. But, uh, you
know, there's good things, bad things, a few things, a few things need to change. And well, he's
sure doing a great job with an ECF speaking of kids. He's doing tremendous job on that.
Right. And also, if you, you know, if it doesn't matter what color you wore, if you're, uh,
at it, you know, if you can do the job, it shouldn't be because of your, your race or color or anything like that.
I agree. I'm totally against the firmament of action wherever that came from. Okay, I have a
great day. I'm against it. I'm against it. Yeah. Jeb Bush, the education governor, we got some
great education in Florida. They're going to stick about it. And then they decided, well,
a bunch of kids failed the FKB, but now we don't think that we really did. Huh? Do you see that?
I'm sure you did. Yeah, we were watching it this morning. Let's see. Do I am used to use by, uh,
the, from Goodfellas, uh, Yo Adrian Rocky. Okay. Now, he said one other one, but I don't think, uh,
I really don't know. And that's a good thing. Okay. 19 till 10 at 560 WQM. If your carpets are
speaking of wire hangers, well, she was like a fuss budget, Joan Crawford. You know, that was her
whole thing. And if you're kind of a fuss budget and you'd like to have your carpets looking brand new,
and you're embarrassed when your guests come in and they look at your carpets and think, man,
they're US Slav and maybe they're right. Dry concepts can make them think that you're really like
a needle person because they'll make your carpets look just like you had brand new delayed on your
floor just the only moments before your guests and invaders arrive because they dry clean your carpets.
These people are the only ones in the world. It's an exclusive pattern method and it works a lot
better than anything else because it sucks out the deep-down dirt that's way in there. And if I
was your carpet making them look and smell and feel just like brand new, they're lemony fresh when
they get done. They're dry and just a couple of hours and you'll be amazed when you look around
that no matter how hopeless your carpets look when they started, they look just like brand new.
And they give you written guarantee price before they start the job. So you don't have to
worry about rip offs. They also do a stupendous job of hitting your drapes, your expensive area
rugs, oriental rugs, your leather furniture and a poultry, all of these things at an unbeatable price
and they also they do phenomenal work for you. If you have problem with pet odors or milder odors
because by water damage, my concepts will make them disappear just like magic. So we owe it to
yourself to try these folks one time. I've been using them for over 20 years and when you use them
the first time you'll understand why. Call dry concepts tool free from anywhere. It's 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or just log out of their website and see all about the great things they can do for you
at dryconcept.com. It'd be absolutely correct when you say that with dry concepts you can claim
today and entertain tonight.
2-800-248-5071 or just 20-258-5071 or just 20-258-5071 or just 20-258-5071 or just 20-258-5071 or just 20-258-5071 or just 20-258-5071 or just 20-258-5071 or just 20-258-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-257-5071 or just 20-25
In the end, Catherine de Nouveau, Gerard de Bardoux, Jacques Cousteau, Gaston from the
Deonabise, Bouss-Jays, L'Ois-Jeret, Moose, the dessert-marpy animal. The French chef and his
bon appetit, Joan of Arc, Truffle's Mimes, Mauritia Volgaid, the French connection, Eiffel Tower
Stip and Shum Paul Gaultier, all-Ball Pan, Sherry Lewis, Monet, Macnay, Mona Lisa, Charles
de Gaulle, Kids in the Hall, Perry A. Water, Madame Tussaud's Waxmuseum, Harry Growing Girl
Porn, Torno Roches, Brilless Lenguis, Immersion Program, Stulline Facial Bleef System,
Floriel Clinique, La Cirque, and Cirque du Soleil. Thank you. You're welcome.
Spiritedly, thank you, Steve Faxes and says, Stupid White Man, great book, I must read for all.
Have it, I read pages and pages and pages and I'm stupid by then. I have it in my hand right now,
Steve, in the book too. Michael Moore's number one of your times bestseller, Stupid White Man,
I got it right here, which I read parts of Ripon George W. and I also parts Ripon Bill Clinton
and I asked just to show him an equal opportunity Ripon. So if that's Steve Book,
also Dale and Palmetto Bay says, as most memorable line ever from a movie,
Sharon Stone and Basic Instinct, what are you going to do? Arrest me for smoking?
Yeah, and you say, I mean, she said it. Now the question is whether she's
said it, the question is it a memorable line and I think the answer is, thanks anyway,
Dale and Palmetto Bay, we appreciate it very much but get out of you. How about what I used to say
to my girlfriend? Say hello to my little friend. Just reckon some right? That is the line from
Scarface. Not that there weren't many others but that's okay. Okay, well you can't have
thousands, okay? Why not? Say hello to my little friend. I like that. I can relate to it. Say
hello to my little friend from Scarface. That way they're highly overweight in movie. Yeah, it was
an unintentional comedy. If you look at it like a comedy, then it was very funny. Oh my good buddy
was in there Stevie Bauer, right? No kind of Papa Bauer, Marnolo, or Bert Bauer. Shoot that
cock a roll. One thing about Bert, she had a leg up on a competition. That was terrible but she
was great. We love Bert Bauer and we love Bert Bauer. That shows getting real intense like I said,
guiding light. You're watching it. How about Robert De Niro's? You looking at me from Taxi Driver,
of course. How could we leave that? This is going to be really ponderous, you know what? I love it
and Beenerboy's getting all upset. Yeah, I got to write down all this stuff.
And answer the phone. You looking at me in the Taxi Driver.
One of Robert De Niro's great movies. Why are people with them once upon a time in a
mirror? What? People are sending faxes, pages of Godfather lines.
Well, no, we don't want that. Let's see, do you realize that Louise Lasser, 64-year-olds
is in the both Requiem for Dream and Happiness? Oh and guess what? What?
The guy that plays the pedophile dad in Happiness? He's the doctor in Requiem for a Dream.
He's also in, huh? Okay. The doctor in like in the Carolinas,
whoever they wind up under 600 miles from New York, I'm trying to figure out where probably in
the Carolinas, when they're in a hospital. Oh, that guy. And it comes in and grabs the drugs
off the needle. He looks at the purple arm, a poor, uh, Gerolito. I'm not leaving these in the
what color to think it's supposed to be. Now I'm talking about your arm. I mean,
but he's the pedophile dad in Happiness, which George still hasn't seen yet. We're so sorry.
What do you mean by that? Oh, you ordered it yesterday.
Well, I want to know, inquiring minds want to know when to have you see it. Okay? All right.
You want the truth? You can't handle the truth from a few good men in Jack Nicholson line.
That's his second line in here. You can't handle the truth, right? Isn't that the line? That's the
line. Okay. From a few good men. Good movie. When your buddy Tom Cruise, George has a thing for
Tom Cruise. You don't want to do it. I didn't like that. It's not a admitted because he might be one
of those. Okay. So you can handle the truth from a few good men. Boy, this is just
ponderous writing and writing. I think Beener had a point on this. Okay. How's the other pool
coming? Our preliminary pool 110 votes. America was better off under Bill Clinton, 100 and George
W. Tannin. That's what it says. I'm not making it up. That's what it says.
And just like this guy before, I mean, he's in title of his opinion. And when it said he's like a
Democrat, but like moderate middle of the road, he's trying to say something good about our governor.
How can anybody say that? I don't get it. And that's why just basically, I just, you know, I just
give up. I give up. I may throw it out. I'll still, you know, do my bedtime stories, but
what's the point? I'm not kidding anybody. They have no impact. I mean, this governor, he comes
right out and says, I'm going to stick it to the, I've got the biggest plans, no matter what you
people vote on class size. I'm not going to get sucked into that. In fact, we got an article here
on our polls show most Floridian's unhappy with foot dragging by the legislature of the
overwhelmingly Republican legislature by margin of nearly four to one registered voters across
ethnic gender and party line. So they disapprove of the job legislature is done. The legislature
finished the regular session. May 2nd was called back Monday. The Capitol finished writing
the state's 52 billion dollar budget. Governor Jeb Bush also planned special session to deal
with other major issues that did not get done in the regular 60 days session, including new laws
designed to rein in the cost of medical malpractice and workman's compensation insurance.
The session was more notable for the disagreement between Senate President Jim King and
House Speaker Johnny Bird over how much the state would have to spend and where the money would
come from. King wanted lawmakers to consider gambling or new taxes so the state could spend more
on education and social services. I don't know like that. In a survey of 600 voters conducted
by the Miami-Herald, St. Pete Times and upon Beach Post, just 16% of respondents gave the
legislature their approval. Kellyanne Conway, a Washington-based Republican pollster, said it's
eye-popping. She conducted the survey with Democratic pollster Rob Schroff. She said in 15 years
of polling, I've never seen legislature graded so poorly. Among other findings, six and ten voters
believe Florida spends two little on schools and 54% would vote for a cap on class sizes the
governor Jeb Bush wants to repeal. But the poll indicates problems with legislature not affecting
Bush's popularity. The governor was given a 56% approval rating and the interesting part
about that number is that President Bush in Florida, you know, the thing they did with the
Graham where he was beaten Graham 52 to 42% the other day? Yeah. The president's popularity
approval rating in Florida 60%. As opposed to like 34% opposed, negative rating. So like 56 and 60
almost identical. So I guess if your name is Bush in Florida that you get a positive no matter
what the holiday they may disagree with you on all the issues or some of the big issues but if your
name is Bush, good Bush, they never met a Bush they didn't like. They didn't want to dive into.
Man, scary, but that's Florida. That's our middle name. They're still counting chats by the way.
Oh, guess what? Girl one. Oh, Tulate. 122 votes. America was better off under Bill Clinton.
111 George W. Bush. 119%. Pretty, pretty lame, you know, pretty lame. What was the most memorable
line ever from a movie? Forget about it. I'm not going to read the whole list. Just the most
recent ones. No air hangers, mommy dearest. Do I am use use? Good fellas. Yo Adrian from Rocky.
Yo Adrian. Oh, Jesus is he dumb. Say hello to my little friend Scarface.
You look at me, Tassie driver, and you can't handle the truth from a few good man Jack Nicholson.
That's probably what he said to the referee at the Laker game. Just out of control.
Out of control. They should call like a foul. He should have been forced to take a couple of
three throws. Here's my me lake. Hello. Neil God. Yes sir. Speaking. Wait a minute. Long enough
and it's worth it. You let's have a little work with it twice the away. You missed a couple movies that
had a number of lines in a life. Well, that's on the other front. I could have been a contender.
So I could have been a contender. And the line from Tassie driver, what are you looking at me?
It's you talking to me? That's right. That's right. You talking to me? And there's one from
oh, wait a minute. Slow down. Slow down. Just a beat. Just take a breath. Okay. You talking to me.
Okay. Go ahead. I could have been a contender on the waterfront. The other one was from
cousin Vinnie. My cousin Vinnie. What's a you?
Hand under that in the corner. No. Fred Gwynne. Never saw that movie. Oh, okay. What's the line?
No, no, no, no. Okay. Don't say it again. Georgia. Good. I don't say it. No, it's a good movie.
And it's a good line, but they're not answered. They're not understanding the question.
The question is what's the most memorable line ever from a movie? It's a very simple question.
I know what line do you remember from a movie? No, no, no. I understand that.
Oh, let's do that one now. What people mispronounce words. You know, I say back to what's
the use because they don't get it. You're the guy. You're the guy. Okay. Well, I think we got that.
And as far as politics, you know, I think I saw that movie in my youth. And you're new. Yeah.
I'm watching, you know, every show I, I can't believe there's not one liberal allowed to speak his mind.
That's right. Now you're catching on, man. Now you're starting to catch on.
I want to stupid hand in hand in the income. Why? Why are you? Sir, so let me ask you one question.
Because I want to have somebody. Every time they start to say some of the Republican or the right,
we start screaming. You know, that's what you live with the whole about. That's what you're
trying to say. Listen, I didn't interrupt you when you were talking. Please let me.
Oh, you don't know what you're talking about. You don't know what the right you.
But wait, I haven't made my book. Oh, you don't know how to point you. You need to.
They're like Nazis. If you don't go step with them, they don't want to hear what you have to say.
Like I said, now you're catching on. We got to do something about these bushes. We need to hear it.
But another one point here in Florida. I'm a wife. Florida. So crazy about these damn bushes.
Don't have a point here that represent our state. What's scary to me is that Graham,
who will be a good contender for the Democratic presidential. I'm afraid that
Jeff may run for his office and become our new senator.
Very because what else is he going to do is he's going to go back to Texas and become governor of Texas?
No, he's waiting in the wings. He's going to be he's going to get two terms of his own following
a W. That's what they have planned. That is very scary that we go under 12 years more of push.
I'm about you, but I've had enough push. Well, me too. That's why I'm in Canada.
See you around. Thank you. Bye bye.
5 6 7, oh, by the way, Canadians are meeting with the US officials about that pot law. They're
they're they're cavevenin. They're cavevenin. As America continues spreading its fascism and
repression all around the world, making people enough for the camera viewers. Here's one that's
obvious. Luke, I'm your father, Star Wars. Except he didn't say that. Not already.
He's the couple that also weren't said, but nevertheless people. What did he say?
What's the correct line? He said Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father. He said you
killed him. No, I'm your father. That's how it went. It's like he like I just facts played against him.
He never said played against him. Well, I'm not writing anyone down for that. Right.
If you only play the power of the dark, if you only knew the power of the dark side. Oh, yeah, everybody says that.
The greatest trick that ever ever pulled was convincing the word he doesn't exist. The ideal suspects.
Yeah, no. Sam Loedam, my little friend, we got that. Play against Sam. Now, now we're talking. Now
they're finally catching on one out of 58 bad. Play against Sam. That's not the line.
But there's a lot of play against Sam. What are you saying? Play it, Sam. You played it for her. Now
play it for me. Right. That's one of those in that big book of misquoted movie lines. That's what
you know what? Yeah. You know what? Then making a difference. Play against Sam is the line. Everybody says.
Okay. Sure is. Even though it's incorrect. We don't we're not worried about the nitpicking. Okay.
We want to find out what people say. Thank you Richard. Richard Cranium. There are some good ones on the way.
Thank you, Dick. There are some what? Really good ones on the way. Okay. Okay. Well, fine. Just.
It's only 10 o'clock. Just relax. Okay. Just calm down. That's right. Pull up a little string.
Hang on out of your act. Just slow down a little bit. George, do you think those some of those away? You'll never know.
958 at 560 WQM. The number one Asian buffet in the universe is Emerald Coast three locations for you in South Florida.
Sunrise north by me. It's the newest location is Pember Pines. Start your mouth watering. Eating experience with six
different suits. You can take all of them if you like. And then sampled dozens and zillions of delicious
on phrase. Just mouth watering fresh stuff like New York strip made order the gourmet center. That's
your own cut in the hand. And be sure to check out the new Oriental chicken salad. They're more
close to know forget you never walk out of there with the headache. Just a big smile on your face and a
big full puppet because they don't use any crap. No MS Geno corn starts and they cook all their fine
cuisine only with cholesterol free oils. The buffet at the Emerald Coast features a full salad bar,
sushi bar, fresh from cocktail and a full dessert bar featuring pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream without
your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well. In sunrise you'll find Emerald Coast Pines out of
44th Street. North Miami Beach Collins Avenue just north of 163rd. And in Pember Pines at the
intersection of Flamingo and Pember Crores. So take your family or book your next business lunch
and now by calling 954-5723822. All-size parties are welcome. 95457-23822. Take out and deliveries always
available too. The Emerald Coast Chinese buffet you can't beat it with a stick.
My, my, and local, we're sports radio 560s. You, a, m.
It's beautiful. He was young. He was innocent. He was the greatest piece of ass I ever had.
And I've had him all over the world.
Welcome back to the glittering imaginary of the Mojave de David's show. We have a full duck
of today. Including the cavalcade about articulate, athlete of yours. You don't have
types. Mokas still at it. What? What? Singing those songs. They can funnily. They make funnily
all the time. I don't know why they don't adore me. They're there. Everything will be all right. No.
Get your hands off me, a fairy. You're queer. Yet tube jumper. Real men don't touch. Only during the
game. Yes, ma'am. They want singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. Over there.
OK, ma'am. Now, hit it. Back in my game, men was straight. The end day is hip today.
That's why I can't tolerate. Tis guns with days. Spoilers were in day back day.
I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men.
Good thing we won't see poor in your way.
And out of my game.
Yeah.
Did it's me?
To South Cross.
To.
To.
Jesus Christ.
I really hate.
Just guns.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
I'll.
It was.
165 to 25.
You know, I think that if we could like change the Constitution and get.
Bob and a run next year against the W it would be a landslide. Yeah, I mean, we can't do that.
But I'm just saying just thinking out loud. He would just he would beat him by a landslide.
Anyway, here's some more suggestions and you're right. You got a whole bunch of real good ones.
I'm not even going to write him because I get right his cramp. I'll let Beena board write him down
You write them beater. He is
Dean Wormer in Animal House fat drunken stupid is no way to go through life's son
We try to tell that to the beast at work now
May the force be with you now there's one from Star Wars now we're talking okay
All the other
Phil and Carl spring says total have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore it
Dorothy and the Wizard of Oz
Although I guess I don't know
Is that a memorable line? Yeah, we were okay. Okay. Just asking
How about we don't need those stinky stinky badges. I thought it's thinking badges thinking
I just don't need those stinky badges
Sometimes they get stinky. Yeah from treasures of the Sierra Madre
Okay, and then this one
From set of a woman Patino says and it's spelled at HO0000 that's H
Who we we don't say who we said I had that all would just rely on him. I'm gonna hit you
See how he's getting overbearing beater. He's getting a little bit overbearing out there. Just can't can't control himself
I got all the drappins right here
Right there. There you go. You know that a who we what are we gonna put that right?
Of course not that's not a line and the Marines would be pretty pissed off if they saw
Who on our list the great lines from a movie plus that such a crappy movie?
Everything right here up the Sierra Madre yeah, okay
This town needs an animal another Jack Nicholson line Jack Nicholson is the Joker and Batman perfect for soft Florida
And it says MOBITS please. Well, I just played you MOBITS. That's why you think this town needs an animal
Perfect for soft Florida like the fact she says
Got it got it Batman
Here's Steve who says in blazing saddles. Hey, where the white woman at no
Where the white women at I mean, it's a funny line by
It isn't funny, but it's not memorable
It's not one like you know most people are saying old time
Unless they get like lost and overtown or something most guys aren't saying hey, where the white women at the Vlad from the Joe and Mark show
He uses that all the time does he really make that that's why it's on the hospital you think
Maybe God is punishing him for saying things like that for being such a perfect
202 votes on the first spot our preliminary poll today which we just did is kind of like you know
Keep you occupied for a little while now. Let me ask you this beater
Yeah, if they if they vote on this pool and then we put up the new one
It doesn't the disenfranchise them from voting on the second pool. No, no, okay, they'll leave it about
Great because I know that thanks to AOL and thanks to some otherwise in-app technology of the internet the people
That we only have a fraction of our audience out there who can actually vote on our pool
But that's really sad. I don't know what what we're gonna do about that
I have to work on that. I was gonna do something about that. I forgot. I was gonna look into that
You were gonna do something about it. You're gonna like discuss with Eric about doing something
You just don't go off doing it on your own like that
Because you made it out of the native sound like you're gonna do it like independent
Of course the poll is still Eric's purview the poll
You do understand that
So don't be like edging too little too far over in his territory because then you'll get him all worked up and
Surly again, and your phone will be ringing heavy make a big grumbling sounds again fat grumbling sounds
America was better off under Bill Clinton on 185 and George W. Bush 30. Oh
It's pretty tight
Here's point and beach. Oh
Point and beach is gone
Online nine
That's that's scandalous is what that is
Here's a call from four-letter deal hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I got a classic
From white heat tag me mom on top of the world
You remember that one no, you know, never that was tag me on top of the world. No, okay. I called it in thanks
Remember that no
How about Judy, Judy, Judy? I don't think he ever said that curry grant to the ever say Judy
I don't think he said that that's something just people. I don't think he ever said it
It's just like the thing in Kazoo Blanket like the the same thing right against Sam people be right he never said that either
You dirty rat, but people say that all the time they sure do well. Why can't we just make it up now?
Let's see do we ever decide what we're gonna do about injustice for all?
I mean, it's a great. It's a tremendous scene, you know, I think we all mixed it
Yeah, but because there's not one single line, but the climax to the line when he says the whole effin system is out of order
Right, it is great, but it's nothing that's nothing we can use sorry about
5 6 7 0 5 6. I still say Jack Warden was great Jack Warden only had 13 votes yesterday. He should have had a better faith than that
Jack Warden is great and his performance is that as the
Suicidal judge in that movie was so spectacular and under under appreciated
That's because Pacino was was great in the movie and who was the other one at the committed suicide his partner
Oh, I forgot his long time ago remember the lawyer
I'm thinking I'm in suicide because he had a bad hair piece now
I'm not trying to plant any ideas in anybody's mind. You know, I think he just
Was a little over the top 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and for eyes on wireless line the most man
Here's the question again just to try to like you know frame it here for you
What's the most memorable line ever from a movie?
Most memorable in other words things that people like say all the time people quote all the time
Like I could have been a contender. I mean I say that all the time and I think of Norma can't and I realized that I'm just dreaming
I'm just playing with it, you know, I could have been a contender, but then again look at what I got pop had Jentko look what I got
Right right that that's a good line. I see if we just want to make it Godfather
In some of those people know that seriously. I there's no question about it. We can have 50 million Godfather
Yeah, we can go down the whole list
The thing you brought it brains will over you nice. I believe so right
Let's run away. I think your brain is going to stop see I know what you think you broke my heart
Leave it
technique and only
Whatever I was done to make you treat your service was good don't ever take size with anyone against the family again ever
ever ever
And of course this one probably should be on there
Don't you think we could just do a Godfather pole what was the now come on that's like two to one dimension like a
Hanline's on there
100 lines
I think that's what our engineering department's been doing
The line five still don't work clearance. I just mentioned that and passing your engineering department
They had like they was just a
Deversionary tank gunner part we saw the dot
We got all excited and they got whipped up into a frenzy like something actually got accomplished in that place did it get accomplished
Are they doing anything? No, they're sitting on their laurels. That's what George Corso does best and Bob remove today. They rest on their laurels
God, oh man, what are we gonna do about them?
And then of course one of our favorites
I don't feel like everybody out just mine. Oh, and I'll tell you one that seriously should take consideration
You're taking a sparey portion
Don't you think?
Huh?
In fact a line really the line really is its business and this man is taking it personal about we'll work on refining
a few times in various ways. Yeah
You're taking this right I like where he says that you're thinking of sparing first sentino how
13 at 560 do you realize that there are people who haven't seen the godfather that makes me want to sit down and weep
Why do I weep because they just they're missing out? Yeah, look at all these great movies this last couple of weeks
Here on his show that they haven't reached my life. I'll tell you that now that I got my DVD player
I don't think unless you got a DVD player
You're gonna ever be as movie intensive as if when you get one right and then once you get one and you realize that there's 80
But in because this like mushroomed up out of nowhere
I mean one in the beginning were like about 10 movies on DVD and I was about it right and now there's about 10 million
So you better start to you know working on it right now
Don't forget happiness you won't fight it in South Florida
1013 at 560 WQ I mean you know talk is cheap
It's easy to throw a lot of really appealing low numbers when it comes right down to it
What number can you really get refinanced that is the number 5% 4% how about 2.45% with financial group with interest rates at 2.45
percent it really is your best bet and it's rock solid too if you want to find out more just call financial group
1809 for O-Lend that's financial group 1 800 940 Lend interest rates are all time lows right now
So why not refinance your home or buy you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing
2.45% financing with financial group and if you're wondering just what not a little do those monthly payments here some examples for you
If you have you a $200,000 loan you pay only $786 bucks a month if you have a hundred thousand loan you pay only $393 bucks a month
Chump change so get you 2.45% financing from financial group
Call them today and get the answers you're looking for
1 800 940 Lend that's the financial group 1 800 940 Lend
and the their unequal housing lender credit restrictions applying rates are subject to change monthly 5.34 APR
American Idol is back on TV American Idol who's gonna be we're gonna find out who can sing and it will hear some nasty things
Here's your chance of life on fame like the Kelly chicken watches name aim voters it's the deal American Idol
It's season 2 American Idol two days a week American Idol
Yeah the sure can't treat
Simon Cowell is evil chap the others just want to give him a stamp Ryan St. Rift is all alone now that things have doubled in home
Randy Chen's is still on board
I'm on the other side of America
I do right now it's cool how to will it be like all I have to
If voting off it'll get off now
I'm gonna watch you
Simon
But I don't like you Simon
Bye
And I've seen it 5 so this is pretty interesting thing you just facts me here. This is from salon.com I believe yes it is
Where's the liberal rush limbaugh by Samuel G. Friedman do you notice I mentioned in this I didn't that's why facts you page 1 and 4 is opposed to all eight pages
Well, I'm gonna read it or five pages sorry. It's his mic. I'll always left me rants have gotten in bounce from major radio markets
Could he draw an audience of millions if he got the chance mic. I have no idea who he is. He's an Atlanta is that it?
Okay syndicated show course he's indicated like everybody else in the country except for you guys because he's probably I'm not probably definitely got a better agent
Then my lackluster attorney who's too busy try to be a hot shot on a radio for an hour on the station with nobody listening
See when you try to be all things to all people normal you generally fail in all areas that's the problem you do but anyway my wife even wasted time
But it goes on about the most prominent efforts by liberals to crack the talk radio market involved the politicians Jerry Brown, Mario Cuomo, Jim Hightower effective stump speakers done master the improvisation conversation and give and take of talk radio only how
Hightower mains on the air though and drastically reduced form instead of hosting a talk show it contributes two minute commentaries to about 100 stations mostly in small markets
For all that liberal talk radio is not quite so marginal as it may first appear when critics decried the dearth of such shows Michael Harrison of talkers magazine notes yet they are referring to one part of the radio universe commercial radio for white audience there he estimates 80% of the political shows indeed
Despite a conservative message yet liberal hosts such as neo-Rodgers of WQIM in Miami and Lionel of the WOR network have survived see of the WOR network Lionel has syndicated of course Fox recently began syndicating Alan Coem with the designated liberal punching bag on its cable news station he's awful the talk black stations mean while lean heavily liberal in the person of such host is Clif Kelly of WV-1 in Chicago and Mary Mason of WHAT what in Philadelphia
The nonprofit Pacifica red network reaches an audience of 800,000 with stridently left-wing programming national public radio draws 22 million listeners of whom two thirds describe themselves as being politically moderate or liberal NPR syndicated talk shows talk of the nation the connection and the Diane Rem show she came to Jennifer Wem
I'll find out stride for a balanced sentence to post the qualifies as liberal comparison that of limbo on his imitators and it goes on and on a well it's good point we're still doing okay but it terms of syndication I could have been a contender to get back to these pool could have been a contender but I got Norma can pop had Genko I got Norma I think that says it all right there and I got Greg Reed to on top of all that to contend with speaking of contenders
Strother Martin and cool hand Luke what we have here is a failure to communicate one of the great lines in history no question
Also Strother Martin said should have been yesterday's pool I have no idea who that is he was that guy that said that line how much he was the guy in cool hand look
It said what we have here is a failure to communicate I don't remember who that was I mean you know some of these movies you haven't seen for about 50 years you know right
Alan on the fact says blit best line Alan blazing saddles when Mel Brooks meets the idiot around he looks at gene what's his name gene wilder
Okay who else is in the blazing settles is the gene wilder right Cleveland little but anyway it says he looks at gene what's his name and says hmm
Shrats is I think what Alan means is chargers but he's got shrats is oh you're late oh my god wait till Fox News Heather hears that we use the word Shrats is on here
Shrats as well that's cute but it's not obviously reference to the Cleveland little and his family his little family
Did he say hello to my little family 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Emerald of the pool number one today we're doing a two-parter
America was better off under Bill Clinton on 228 George W Bush 40
85% to 15% 228 to 40 I guarantee you mark my words you can bet be your boys life on it and we'll throw in Todd Dreck too
That if that election was tomorrow Bill Clinton against George W I'm not talking about our audience or in state of Florida nation wide
Even including all in real nasty red states you know what I mean the red states those awful Yahoo knows picking those kind of states
Bill Clinton would just absolutely demolish he'd need to have just mop up the floor with him here and see
because one thing about Baba he don't tell you no bubble my sees even the goyem know that here's for a lot of deal hello
Hey Neil how you doing great you got one from top gun I feel the need the need for Steve
Okay
All right also as far as legislatures concerned I mean you got a Republican House Republican Senate and a Republican governor
Right right
You can't meet on a budget that place is nothing but a big party going on up there they only work in between happy hours
You got it
Nothing good is ever going to come out of this at our expense at our expense
We made $40,000 $44,000 a day to run this extra session and they're probably going to go to two of them
So it's $44,000 a day to take care of this
I rest my case and the public is they're disenchanted but they sure love the governor
It's ridiculous but I love you man I'll take care
Have a great life in Florida
5 6 7 0 5 60 like I said what's the use you know we just had an election back in November
Here's I don't care if they ran the garbage man against the jet bush no matter who it was he should have won in the landslide
Whoever the Democratic candidate was should have just buried his ass and it was the other way around
Nope no no no no look and tend to it and they make up this story about how how they were going to raise the taxes
Democrats were going to raise taxes to pay for the for the amendment that the public supported
This is what doesn't make any sense
The public said yes to decrease it to limiting class size in public schools
But on the other hand, oh well he's going to raise the taxes
Da, even though of course the Florida Constitution prohibits that
It must just raise taxes going to be a state income tax
Has to be a constitutional amendment to have a state income tax
There wasn't a Chinaman's chance in hell that that was going to be happened or we proposed to any of these things
But you deal with the dumbest of the dumb and of course when you look at that map of Florida like I'm always telling you
Good golly miss Molly
Did the jet bush win Broward County? No! Did he win Palm Beach County? No! I rest my case there you go what else you got?
You didn't got date County with your people you know
Thank you very much! Yeah they sure are
Come on east they're going to say a little crap
Look at the state just take a look at it
All right not too close to lunchtime
No seriously just take a look at the at the make up of that state
You got your Pensacola and Tallahassee and two egg and Tampa
The whole Tampa area over there on the west coast
Not to make you gag
Exactly
And cheap water and lutes and temple terraces
All of these things in Fort Pearson, Viral Beach in Jacksonville, I evade
And of course the dark-potions Jacksonville they don't let them vote too often
Because they can be dangerous at the polls
I mean you got a really a you take away dayd Broward and forget about dayd you take away Broward Palm Beach and Monroe County
How does Monroe County vote? I forgot
We don't know they're small potatoes
And what do you got? You got a mugwomps state you got like Georgia South man
Georgia Southwood is still like a segregating the goddamn school proms in Georgia
2003 and there's still running segregated school proms and nobody's got anything to say about it
Wow, you know
What can I tell you man? Zined America 1027 at 560 WQM
Get into the barbecuing season with the perfect grill and absolutely the best price in the world
From our good friends at Barbecues, the lower now that it's 100 degrees in the shade every day
You really ought to be thinking about this
This week take advantage of no payments same as cash financing until January
2004 on approved credit at Barbecues, Glor how can you beat that?
Barbecues, Glor carries the biggest selection of great Barbecues and accessories including liquid propane, natural gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies, all
At the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe
Barbecues, Glor got an exceptional selection of Weber grills and accessories including the hot new Weber summit gold D which features six stainless steel burners
A double walled stainless steel lid welded stainless steel cooking grates fixed commercial grade thermometers
Side burner rotisserie all of these things and lots more to Barbecues, Glor has got the hottest grills that you won't find any place else in all
Of course is always at unbeatably low prices too
So for all your barbecuing needs not that the really salt free weather is arrived at the guaranteed lowest prices
This is the place you love shopping because they're really nice folks
Barbecues, Glor with stores in plantation also in coral springs
Let Barbecues, Glor is knowledgeable sales staff help you pick out the perfect grill for what you're looking for and at the same time answer all your barbecuing questions
Everything you need for Barbecues waiting for you at Barbecues, Glor
My life and local, this is 420560, Glor is new, yeah
Get push, my f**king mouth
I do not only think about it one track minds are what then are all about every night every day
When I'm thinking down head or getting laid, nothing will be no way
Nothing will be no way
Oh no
Hands on their minds now forever and ever
Why do they only think about it when there's so much for you to think about?
Why do they only think about it one track minds are what then are all about?
Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Sh
Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Shadla, Sh
Yes, Youiciousyani, MeShari Fishütün Chin on Nib built in 1622.
了,Šhichuiyama, Ichanji, Line Personal Ceremony
We이�, Deriel, Chititai!
Right?
We got you can't handle the truth a few good men and we got heirs Johnny from the shining.
Here's one that says from field of dreams when Shulis Joe says, Ty Cobb wanted to come
but none of us liked the son of a bitch when he was alive so we told him to stick it.
Wow!
Whoever said his disfacts and for obvious reasons there's no name it says, that's my favorite
movie line.
Ty Cobb wanted to come but none of us liked the son of a bitch when he was alive so
we told him to stick it.
Okay?
Also I know you're like airplanes so what do you think of Jimmy or have you ever seen
a grown man naked?
Now now we're talking.
Peter Graves that's one of Azurian great scenes.
Right?
One of Azurian great lines.
Right.
If you had to choose one would that be the one?
I kind of like where Moses picked the bad date with quitsniff and glue when he says
that's the word bridges.
Yeah that's okay.
Jimmy have you ever seen a grown man naked?
All right.
Is that the right quote?
We just right have you ever seen a grown man naked?
Yeah that's it.
Okay that's from airplane.
I like gladiator movies.
I'm a good partner.
You like gladiator movies?
Just stick with one.
Don't start expanding your spot and we'll be here to the midnight okay?
I was just asking you.
Jason, line from Clueless.
I've got a 45 and a shovel and nobody will miss you.
Oh.
Mm-hmm.
Okay I don't think so.
Let's see I could have been a contender.
I could have been somebody.
I kind of one way ticket to Paloucaville.
Marlon Brando.
Yeah the first part we got I could have been a contender like me just like that story.
At least I made salon dot com.
Great somebody recognizes that I'm alive as opposed to like Buzz Flash and all these other.
This show is the best kept secret in America.
You know what?
It is.
In fact speaking of Tom Jekyll I didn't realize was such a big hockey expert.
A big fan.
If there's one column that he should have written about having to do with me as opposed to like
blurting some word out on the ear that we all tried to dump anyway.
As opposed to that.
How about what was just in that salon dot com article?
The fact that this show is still number one and then we beat Russia's pants off and I knew the one hour in the last book.
In spite of the war, in spite of the right wing leanings of all the media in America.
And we're still kicking ass.
He writes for which paper?
That's what I'm saying.
Exactly.
No, seriously.
I mean he's just, you know, you can take all the shots you want.
Tom, go on a ear and just rip me an assets fine.
Just pronounce my name right.
But the fact of the matter is what you're doing is obfuscating.
You're like a dog that goes in a backyard and takes a big dump and then runs about 15 yards away and kicks up his back legs and kicks a little dirt up in here.
They try to cover up his tracks.
Okay.
His mess.
That's what you're doing.
Mr. Jerry William's story didn't get that right then.
He didn't get to the Casper's story right when he interviewed me a few years ago.
He said you can't get anything right.
Mr. ratings book again.
Nothing.
And I'm not just talking about me.
How about the story about power and 96 and party radio.
There's so many stories in there.
How about the classical music on KAT which had like a 0.00, all of these things.
There's so much going on.
And this man is oblivious and he's worried about them me and Brian Murray.
Okay.
Brian Murray sucks.
I don't care if the freaking ducks whenever he gave for the next five years.
Brian Murray blows.
What he did to the organization.
All of a sudden he's a hockey expert.
Anyway, PS loved the bedtime stories.
What happened to Canada going to pot well.
They have a little second and third thoughts about that since they've been intimidated by the USA.
By the DEA.
And so it looks like what they're going to do this week probably under there tomorrow.
Oh, look at that.
In fact, there's the story on there right now.
Planned to decriminalize a pot possession.
They're going to make it like a traffic ticket.
Small amounts like a half an ounce.
Which means that nobody would spend any jail time.
Legislation could be introduced as soon as this week on the CBC.
I'm looking at it right now.
How do you like that for psychic abilities?
Let's see.
I'll have what she's having when Harry met Sally.
I'm serious and don't call me Shirley from airplane.
I don't call me Shirley's cute.
I take it black like my man from airplane.
That's cute.
We can't put all the airplane lines on there.
These don't count but there are two of hundreds of great groucho lines.
Had 75 years ago and still objectionable.
Trying to sell a wedding ring in monkey business.
I know it'll fit her.
I got it from the nose of a savage.
As the explorer and animal crackers.
We took some pictures.
See there he goes with that.
Cacking again.
Sorry, I mean, he's doing a capping in.
That guy around the facts yesterday.
That was like, you know, in fact, that facts.
I started thinking about that again.
That was the most objectionable.
You ought to be flattered from a Steve Kane liquor.
One of those talk show groupies.
There was nothing.
Nothing that turns me off worse than talk show groupies.
Because those are the only people listening to the old FTL crowd, you know.
Oh my god, the light bulb crowd.
Oh, a little Brian Craig.
He should fill in two for it.
Right.
Of course.
See, we have that crowd fill in for us during the summertime.
But we can't afford to feed Richard Essin.
That's the problem.
As the explorer and animal crackers.
We took some pictures of the native girls but they weren't developed.
But we're going to go back again in a couple of weeks.
I remember that.
And skew.
Not in the same category with what we got, okay?
What's this copy you just, uh, facts me?
Did I already have this?
I don't know.
Did I fact copy?
The Donald Macros copy?
Yeah, it just came in.
Monty Python and a Holy Grail, the bridge scene.
Two nights started fighting and one night cut the other nights arm off.
He said, I cut your arm off.
I said, no, you didn't.
It's merely a flesh wound.
Okay.
Go ahead and make my day.
We got it.
Are you feeling lucky, punk?
There's no place like home and here is Johnny.
We got several hosts for that.
It's already on there.
Okay.
They have no way of seeing it because it's not on our thing to 11 o'clock.
We got the other pool going.
There's no place like home.
What?
Yeah, from the Wizard of Oz.
That's a memorable line.
There's no place like home.
I guess.
No.
Okay.
Are you feeling lucky, punk?
That's pretty good.
Another dirty Harry.
Yeah, let's put that on her.
Are you feeling lucky, punk?
And go ahead and make my day, whichever you got.
Awesome, dirty Harry.
One of the dirty Harry's, which we don't know which one, and quite frankly, who the hell cares.
Okay.
It's all like Clint Eastwood Isms.
What you think Clint Eastwood should have been on a poies today?
Oh, yeah.
Along with Marlon.
Ah.
Yeah, along with Marlon Brando and William Holden and Robert De Niro, Al Pacino.
All of those kind of like marginal people.
355 votes speaking of marginal like the president.
America was better off under Bill Clinton's 300 votes.
George W. Bush, 55.
84.5% to 15.5%.
That is staggering.
And of course, it's also true.
That's probably why it holds up so well when you look at that because it's certainly obviously true.
Nasdaq's down nine and a half.
I just mentioned this in passing after this last couple of days when it's running way up there.
Do you have any idea why the market has been going up like that?
No.
Because the dollar is like in a free fall.
The dollar isn't worth like a nickel anymore.
And we got that grotesque unemployment of over 6%.
Two and a half million people lost their jobs since this Bozo came in.
I mean, and the Dow is down 65.
But it's still pretty impressive up there.
It's made up a bit on a nice runner because we won the war.
And we're doing a great job over here in Iraq.
Oh, we're not?
What happened to 4J Garner?
Oh, and also what happened to Barbara Bodini?
Oh, yeah.
Barbara Bodini.
I got that story here, too.
She bombed.
Barbara Bodini, who in large part was responsible for interfering with the FBI and our intelligence efforts to prevent 9-11.
She was probably more single-handedly than any other American individual responsible for allowing 9-11 or making it possible for it to happen.
And yet she is moving to the bureau political military affairs.
And her boss, Jake Garner, is expected to leave.
Well, I think he already did leave as soon as the reins are handed over to Paul Brimmer.
This was the big deal.
I remember how many weeks and months we had that news about Jake Garner was hand picked.
And he was going to go over there and he was going to do this and pound on his chest and tell us how proud he was to be an American.
And the Iraqis just loved him.
They couldn't wait to say,
BYE BYE BYE!
And they did.
How many times did you fuck boy?
I got all this coffee here just, it's either Feaster Fangle would I cry out to you that right now that that sales department, Feaster Fangle.
Kind of like our engineering department.
Nice job, of course, so not.
Let's punch up Line 5.
Hello.
W-Q-I-M.
Deadline.
Do you hear anything through it?
No, it's just, I mean the audience can't believe it.
They can't get over it.
They cannot get over that after all of these years of company with this kind of money.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
It's got an engineering staff that you wouldn't wish on Hitler and the Ayatollah.
1042 Andosama Yamama.
18-11-560 W.Q-I-M.
I got the mad dog at one Hank in the studio at three and then a bunch of stuff that we also wouldn't wish on them.
Hey, if you guys are looking for your hair, it probably went down the sink.
Maybe it went down the drain.
Maybe it's in the Watt's name's refrigerator in American Psycho with that head.
Well, you haven't seen that yet?
Nope.
Get it.
If you want to get your hair back, do what the smart guys do.
Whether we're talking millionaires or just shleppers like a lot of you guys.
It's been making a difference how much money you have because number one, Charles Alfier is natural to rely on systems very affordable.
And number two, even if you have millions and billions, you can't get a better looking head to hear to make that bald spot go away and disappear.
Because the natural here line system looks just like they say natural.
Like real hair grown out of your head as opposed to some awful nasty reddish animal died on top of your head and just kind of camps out there.
For over 25 years, Charlie's been making guys look their best and looking at a lot younger than they ever thought they could.
Because when you got the bald spot, you look like some silly old cout.
And everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee.
So you have nothing to lose but that bald spot because in chapter 30 days, you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting the head at least 15, 20, 30 times a day, Charlie give you a full refund.
Don't forget to mention Neil when you call because it means an extra 200 bucks off the regular price.
Here's the toll free number to call if you want the real way to get your great looking head to hair back and look better and younger.
Then you ever dreamed you could again.
1-800-321-2413. Call them today.
1-800-321-2413.
Or log on their word flaming website, CharlesAlphieri.com.
My name is Locke. This is by city.
The radio's on your side.
You and me.
What you do this to me?
Please, Deami.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
Take a look at all of them.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
The warden will see you now.
Thanks.
Well, Mr. David.
Hello, Warren.
Hello, Jack.
Jack, Gordon.
How can I help you?
You see more than here.
I keep getting raped.
To his advantage.
To his advantage.
To his advantage.
I look into it right away.
Thanks, Warren.
I look into it right away.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid.
Drop your pat.
I said drop your pat.
This was odds, Pat.
Favours don't come to you.
Go, go, go.
Let's rape both.
Radio big shot.
Oh, that's how we pass the time away.
Give the gay old jail a hug.
All right.
Lebanon 02 at 560 WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday too.
One that's very, very obvious.
How can we have forgotten speaking of Brad Pitt?
What's in the box?
You don't like that?
Well, I mean, I like it.
But what do I know?
Put it on there.
Okay.
I mean, is there any doubt?
The question is, what's the most memorable line ever from a movie?
How could you possibly forget that?
I didn't forget it.
Seven.
Movie seven.
What's in the box?
Even though it doesn't deliver a very good reading.
Here's one.
Charlton Heston from the original planet of the apes.
You're son of a bitch.
No, that's not what he said.
He said, get your filthy paws off me.
You damned dirty apes.
I don't think so, but.
You son of a bitch.
Not bad.
I'll put that on her.
Are we?
No.
From dirty Harry, I got to know.
I got to know.
This was the opening where Harry had a guy in the ground and the guy wanted to know if there was another bulletin chamber.
Says Patrick and Boka.
Hey, Patrick.
No.
But I got to know.
Not bad, but we're not going to put everyone on there.
We'd have like 50,000 lines.
You know?
And when you got 50,000 minds, even our engineering department.
Couldn't stir all of that.
What, they really suck, you know what?
So, sucked us into a false sense of security this morning thinking they actually did something.
Oh, brother, shouldn't own better.
It's their own fault for being stupid.
By the way, here's the final total on the who you're better off under.
America was better off under Bill Clinton, 360, 83.1%,
George W. Bush, 73, 16.8%,
and that's close to our usual 18% of bush lakers we got out there, but a little bit low.
A little bit low for the Bushmeister.
As a matter of fact, I think the Bushmeister now out of the corner of my eye,
CBC carried a minute of it before, but I think he's a, there he is.
The reason I bring up Elizabeth.
Now we don't want to talk about Elizabeth.
But anyway, there he is.
There's the Bushman.
Get him off of my screen.
Thank you.
Here's the facts from Andy and whoever he is, North Miami.
Three Bo Rattles in some day movies.
Somebody will tell us what kind of plank.
Was it?
You must remember this.
A chicken cannot.
Okay, you might walk in a good, bad, nearly what you need to shoot shoot.
Don't talk.
That's, that's horrible.
Who's this from?
Oh, you know, who does this from?
But you don't put his name on there anymore.
It's from Tim Pots.
Why are you doing this?
See, he knows that if he puts his name on there, that you won't send it to me anymore.
So he leaves his name off, but I can tell by the license production studio,
whether I don't even read the name.
But if it's Tim Pots, go away, Tim.
Don't go away, Matt.
Just go away.
We can't stand you.
Blind from the warriors.
Hey, warriors, come out to play.
No.
Bobby D in the untestables.
You get farther with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
No.
Somebody messes with me.
I'm going to mess with him.
No.
And now he actually does bring one to mind, even though it doesn't have a right.
Dustin Hoffman, Kim Art Sucks.
Now that's a good line from Rainman.
Sure.
But you know what the real definitive line from Rainman is the most memorable?
I'm an excellent driver.
I'm a very good driver.
Not excellent.
I'm a very good driver.
Got it, Boehner.
I'm a very good driver.
I mean, I think it's an excellent driver.
But he has a database over there.
I'll find out if I go with a line of.
I'm an excellent driver.
Yep.
Definitely.
How about when he farted in the phone booth?
Uh oh, fart.
Okay, the old bull.
446 votes.
How come that won't disappear yet?
I want it to go away.
Okay, make it go away.
Clinton wins hands down.
Okay?
I'll contrast.
There you go.
It just disappeared.
Like magic.
Like draw accounts have just given him a suck that old bull right out of my computer.
When in doubt, suck it out.
5667-0560.
Here's a call from Naples.
Hello?
Eartheniel.
Yes, sir.
In the King of Comedy, Bob De Niro's last line is, I figured better to be King for a
night than Schmuck for life.
Not bad.
Okay.
Bye.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Not good enough for the list, but not bad, huh?
Who said that?
Did Mosey that, I think?
Oh no!
Oh, Moses.
5667.
See, there he goes.
Pick it on Chuck Heston again.
Just because he's-
You son of a bitch.
A little infirm.
You're gonna go pick it on a guy while he's down, okay?
Pretty good list, I would say so far.
Played again, Sam.
Did we figure out what movie that was from?
I'm an excellent driver.
That doesn't sound right to me.
I thought he said I'm a very good driver.
We're checking it.
When in doubt, we're gonna check it out.
Because we want to get it right, because obviously this is very important.
It's for scientific purposes, naturally.
And we want to make damn sure we get every last tiddle and jot.
What is that?
Chalt and tiddle.
Oh, look at that.
The new one is going up on air.
Now, I don't know what I'm gonna hope for to be honest with you.
Especially the Godfather ones.
There's so many good ones in the Godfather.
Probably will be one of the ones.
And we didn't even put this on air.
And a BING your blood and brains will all be a nice, I release soot.
And, you know something?
Hm?
Just the...
And a BING your blood and brains will all be a nice, I release soot.
Everybody in their brother, not, of course the sopranos ripped that off also.
That, but a BING.
Right?
Right?
They ripped off.
Forget about it from Donnie Brasco and they ripped off.
The BING!
Yeah, from the Godfather.
We keep going over that.
What?
They talk about the Godfather constantly.
That's why they...
I don't care what they talk about, they ripped it off.
There are commercials for Italian restaurants where they say...
BING!
Yeah, but a BING.
And we got some chain of Italian restaurants here in Toronto, with all their TV spots.
At the end he says, but a BING, but a BOOM, something like that.
But a BOOM, but a BING.
Yeah, something.
Do we want to put that on air?
But a BING?
Because certainly more people say but a BING than, uh-huh.
Sure.
Have you ever heard anybody say, play it again, Sam?
No.
I mean, we're gonna put that on there because it's memorable, but I never quite...
You know, go into conversation.
But I mean, but a BING, everybody says but a BING.
Sure.
Even if they don't know what that means, but a BING.
Or sometimes they give a little confusion, they say, baffangul and then of course they get...
BOOM!
But a BING.
Now, who the hell is that?
Oh, Fat Rich is on the phone.
How's Fat Rich doing?
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
I have a line for you.
Okay.
How about Houston?
We have a problem.
From Apollo 13.
Yeah, that's good.
Yeah, we use, we even use it at work.
Excellent.
And the computer business.
Anyway, um...
I think that's what Donald Brainer says when he's out there in the middle of the track.
Exactly.
I haven't seen him in a while.
Good.
Okay, well, I'll see you when I get back.
Are they gonna stuff me in a tuxedo?
I'm gonna be my son's wedding, you know.
When's the wedding?
June, June 8th.
Excellent.
And I'll...
Well, a big muscle tough to him.
Thank you.
Okay, Rich, take care.
Alright.
Fat Rich, Colin, he's got his sons that get married June 8th.
You started about that, Eric?
Good kid.
Houston, we have a problem.
It's from Apollo...
Apollo Creed?
Yeah.
I mean...
Huh?
Apollo 13th.
I know what it's from.
It's the John Glenn thing, man.
Right?
I never saw it.
Well, it's not the right stuff one.
Oh, that's right.
The right stuff was the one.
Well, whatever, whatever it is, okay.
Who...
Apollo 13, Apollo 5, whatever it is.
Houston, we have a problem.
Isn't that what the...
Bobby's always saying to Whitney?
And they usually do.
12 minutes after 11 at 560 W. Kim, let's play Bobby Brown.
You know, I feel like I'm in the Frank Zappa mood.
Don't you feel like you're in a little Frank Zappa?
Always.
I could play Bobby Bar.
Hey there, people on Bobby Brown.
Oh, we don't have time right now.
I do want to play that.
Welcome, everybody.
It's 12 minutes after 11 at 560 W. Kim.
Hey, if you're in a really crappy job, like Carlos, for example,
he's making one about three bucks an hour.
Well, that's pretty cool.
Like about 275.
Here's the answer for you.
How about a new high-paying computer job?
Don't forget, computer professionals are in high demand.
In fact, they're so high that some people are getting embarrassed by it.
It's incredible.
And here's the deal.
If you want to start getting the big fat paycheck every payday,
the answer is to get that training from our friends at Fast Train.
In just four short months, you can say goodbye to your crap old job
and your crap old boss and start on a real high-paying career in the computer industry.
But you got to get training and you do that at Fast Train.
Call and fight out about it at 1-866 Fast Train.
And say goodbye to that dead-end job in life forever.
1-866 Fast Train.
Fast Train offers you convenient day, evening and weekend classes.
You can check them out on their website at fastrain.com.
And one of these days, you can be carrying home a big fat paycheck,
just like Todd Dreck does.
We have no idea why he's getting it, but he's got a big fat one.
Fast Train's got locations all over town, so there's about to be one convenient to where you live.
They're in Miami.
They're in Kendall, Pember Pines and Fort Lauderdale 2.
And register.
Don't forget at fastrain.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker
while it's still the land of the free in the home of the braves.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train today.
Tool free and get yourself on the right road to a real life.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Get on my head, Lord.
This is Fort 20, O'Faith's.
You will, yeah.
You will, yeah.
He lives on queer street.
Linger's round on queer street.
He has a house and garden.
I would love to see what happens.
Hitches, towmen, pets, kids, monkey.
Women clothes make it look real funky.
He has a whiz whiz and knows what to do.
He wants me and he.
Not you.
And one more.
He's on queer street.
He's on the floor where all the creatures meet.
I wonder what they're doing.
He says he likes a just fine.
How did he know?
You know, you don't like I know you.
He lives on queer street.
Linger's a round on queer street.
He has a house and a home garden.
Houston, we have a problem.
What we have here is a figure to communicate.
There's two of them put together for you.
Because we are for some strange reason even though the poll is up now.
I'm looking for what I'm going to vote for on here.
And I'm thinking I don't see any of the ones that I might vote for.
That's the reason for the ones that we started to poll with none of them are on there.
They will be.
What does that mean?
They will be.
There's a conference calling and a crime.
They'll be appearing magically.
Forget about it.
All the really outstanding ones that immediately came.
I'm going to make them an offer at Camropus.
Leave the gun, take the canole.
Here's Johnny.
I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore.
And all those other ones.
They're not on there yet.
Even I'm dying over here.
That's not on there.
Anyway, some obvious ones that we forgot were embarrassed.
For example.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Got to get that on there.
Got it.
Got it.
Life is like a box of chocolates from that awful horrendous Tom Hanks movie.
Oh, God, forced dump.
The worst.
But it's got to be on there.
Life is like a box of chocolates for the dumb crowd.
You know, for people who remember dumb things from dumb movies.
From dumb characters.
Here's one is, and I hate to say this also from Terminator.
I still have Easter baby.
From Arnold.
Got to be on there, don't it?
Sure.
Absolutely.
Of course, he's already.
He's like embroiled in this other controversy.
How did that happen?
We started a list and, you know.
And of course, so obvious and we forgot this.
This is pretty embarrassing.
Got to money, Junior.
No question about it.
Deliverance.
This corn sure is special.
No, I don't think so.
You think?
No.
In fact, you know what the line from deliverance would be?
You sure got a pretty mouth.
Right?
That's real.
There you go.
You sure got a real pretty mouth.
That's from deliverance.
That's the one.
Did we ever get the Rainman one straightened out?
Yes.
I'm an excellent forever.
Yes.
Told you.
Sure got a pretty mouth.
Whatever.
It's close to that deliverance.
You say whatever you want.
Let's see.
We got the Robert Duval.
I love the smell and the vomit in the morning.
That's the first one listed on the poll that I'm looking at over here.
And it's missing the 20 best ones.
Somebody really screwed up big time.
Let's see.
Here are Jay and Tampus.
Here's looking at you.
We got that.
But we don't know what movie it's from.
We think Casablanca, Humphrey Bogart.
We know said it.
What is it?
It was Casablanca.
Yeah.
Well, you must remember this.
No.
Chicken cannot kiss.
E-T phone home.
No.
It says tacky, but it's memorable.
No.
No E-T lines, please.
Alex, who just keeps trying.
Nice going, Alex.
Just keep banging away on it.
Something will happen to it.
Aliens.
Let's rock.
No.
And Terminator.
I'll be back.
Don't we already have that?
I think so.
Yeah, we do have that.
Well, at least we should have it.
There it is.
In fact, it's already up there.
It's one of the few that's made in the sense.
From the pink panther, does your dog bite?
No.
Dog bite sellers.
That's not my dog.
What?
I mean, it's a cute scene, but is that a memorable line?
No.
Oh, here's another one.
Chris in Winston Salem says,
I am God.
Alex Baldwin is the evil doctor in the movie, Malice.
I remember that, Malice of Alice.
About Alice Rantell was the Alice Rantell story.
Malice of Alice.
I am God.
I don't think so.
Thanks anyway, though.
Chris, I tried.
You could have been a contender, Chris, but you picked a pretty forgetable line.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Now, are we going to get these other ones up on here?
No, they'll get there.
Well, yeah, but then, what can I vote?
I mean, like, about 430 to 7oon?
Okay.
I would like to cast a vote, but certainly the ones that are on here.
I mean, do I am use use?
That's pretty good.
From Goodfellas, do I am use use?
It was a pretty amusing guy.
And I still say that in Donnie Brasco, that's my only knock on the movie,
beside the fact that Alportuna's acting was embarrassing as Luffy.
But the Joe Pesci guy, what's his name again?
Bruno Kirby.
Yeah.
I mean, he's a good actor, but we just didn't need another Joe Pesci, and the movie that came out almost the same time as Goodfellas.
Just too obvious, you know.
It would have been like if they would have picked James Woods to play Donnie Brasco.
Just because they had a guy with Zitz and Goodfellas.
In fact, that's a good pull.
We already done that.
Who's got the worst, the most terminal Zitz?
Right.
Wayne Hy-Wayne Hy-Pinga.
Ray Leota.
James Woods.
James Woods, huh?
Brian Adams.
Who's the other one?
Brian Adams.
Brian Adams has a Zit problem.
Not anymore.
Now he just has a lot of facial scars.
I heard he was a Zit head.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, yes, yes.
It's good.
Great pull, great pull.
I had a couple of them, but then I'm.
You just let it define a little bit.
But let me let you know, I'm full metal jacket.
Me so horny.
Yeah, that's a good one.
In fact, you know where they got that line from, no, Joe?
No, I'm there.
They stole that line from the Larry King show.
Me so horny.
Okay.
All right.
That was my pull, but I had a couple of them all.
But I'm sure that's not movies and stuff.
Like I want this to tee up to the full.
Yeah.
You know, just, you know, I never silly one of course.
But it's funny.
What's up doc?
I have to about it.
Okay.
All right, that's all folks.
Okay.
Full metal jacket.
Me so horny.
What's wrong with the me so horny?
Nothing.
That's cute.
Come right.
Why am I right in it down?
There's no point in my writing them down.
Whatever pops up on here, that's I guess what the choices I'll have.
Whatever they just, whatever our green trust decides to put on here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Fund.
FCC close to easy media caps.
And this machine that it's on our website today, the lengthy story.
The FCC is moving closer to easing its media ownership caps.
It will happen.
It's a done deal.
All this other stuff.
And there's a thing you can click on here to tell your representatives in the FCC what you think.
It won't help.
Garnish helping.
But you can try.
Because come the second of June.
That's what they're going to do.
You got your three Republicans and two Democrats.
The two Democrats are going to vote no.
And the three Republicans, including Michael Pauli, chairman of the FCC.
And the son of Colin will go, it'll be a done deal.
For their friends at Cheap Channel and Viacom and Rupert Murdoch and all these other right-wing lunatics.
And so pretty soon it won't make any difference how many channels you have on your radio or your TV.
Because they're all going to be saying the same thing.
That's what's going to be.
I'll rush all day.
I'll spin all day.
It's kind of like a dryer that never goes off the spin cycle.
Or is that the washer?
Like I said, it's kind of like a washer.
5667.0560.0560 on EAT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's the lady in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hi, Uncle Neil. How are you?
Great. How you doing?
I'm doing great.
Great line from when Harry met Sally in the deli when Negrion is faking her orgasm.
And the lady at the next table tells her waitress, I'll have what she's having.
That's great.
It is classic.
Excellent. Thanks.
Have a wonderful day, sir.
And you too, bye-bye.
I'll have what she's having. That's good.
We do it.
Of course we're doing it.
Are you crazy?
Well, you rejected it earlier.
I did.
Yeah, I know there's no lines from Gaslight in this poll today, but I've seen it.
Okay. All right.
Maybe a glossed over it.
Let's see. Rich packter is out of control.
Or maybe this isn't maybe it's somebody who's writing is like his.
It's a in in Friday.
The dad comes out of the bathroom with a new a newspaper and says I wouldn't go in there for 25 to 35 minutes.
What's on usual about that?
We always hear that a Q.A.M.
Especially if Zach has been in there like yesterday.
Oh my god.
Talk about having a Zach attack.
They were fumigating buildings two blocks away.
Poor Chuck at the sub-centry said they're still fumigating.
Also puff puff give you effing give you effing up the rotation.
What?
Puff puff give.
Puff puff give.
That's from the same way as Friday when he was there.
We're smoking a joint and one of the guys was holding on to it too long.
No.
Let's see.
These go to 11.
Spinal tab.
No.
I see dead people the sixth sense.
No.
I don't reckon I got no reason to kill nobody sling blade.
No.
I smell lovely.
I smell the epum of the more we got in there.
Oh, you're going to need a bigger boat jaws.
And you say no.
No.
No.
I mean, we can't put them all on there.
This is like every line from every movie that's ever been made already.
The ones that really like stick out the ones that you're saying all the time.
Just stop and think about it.
Okay.
Use this show as a barometer which is always a great barometer of life because that's what this show is.
It's a barometer of American life and intelligence.
For example.
Get the honey tune.
Yeah.
How many times did it we say that about 30 I would say at least minimum on a good day.
Here's one nobody's perfect.
Joey Brown, Jack Lemon, I'm a man from some like it hot.
What?
Okay.
Nice artwork though, in a fact.
Oh, yeah.
This is good from...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
This is excellent.
How could we have forgotten about your mama so socks in hell?
Well, that's not the exact line, but I can't say it.
Right.
We know from the exorcist.
Another subliminal reference to Georgia says.
Oh.
From a chronic.
This is from somebody who's chronic.
Here's one of the you kids from Casablanca.
Thank you, Jane Tampa.
We got that straight not only moments ago, it must have been psychic.
Thank you.
Rosebud, Citizen Kane.
We got to put that on there.
Nobody says Rosebud.
Huh?
No.
I mean, they're always quoting that because Citizen Kane is so overhyped and overblown if I can say that.
But they're going to try to make a chance in hell that we're putting Rosebud on there.
Right, bud?
Yeah.
And then as much as I like the movie, the only reason that...
They have this on air is because we play it all the time when Anne Vancroft from Faso, when she says.
You ain't the only.
This is a great line, but nobody knows that.
Hello, gorgeous, from Funny Girl.
And there's no place like home from the Wizard of Oz.
No.
28 past 11 at 560, WQA, you know, Tocca's cheap.
It's easy to throw around a lot of really appealing low numbers.
But when it comes right down to it, what can you really get refinanced at?
5%, 4%, what's the number?
How about 2.45% with financial group?
With interest rates of just 2.45%, it's really your best bet and it's rock solid, like granite.
So call financial group right now, toll free at 1-800-940-Lend.
That's financial group 1-800-940-Lend interest rates are at all time lows right now.
So why not refinance your home or buy you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing?
2.45% financing with financial group is what we're talking about.
And here's what it'll do to those monthly payments, for example.
For instance, if you had yourself a $200,000 loan, you pay only $70,000-6 a month.
If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are only $393 a month.
So it gets you 2.45% financing now from financial group by calling a toll free number.
That way, happy to answer all your questions. No obligation, of course.
Call 1-800-940-Lend.
That's financial group at 1-800-940-Lend.
Either an equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply, rate subject to change monthly 5.34 APR.
Lie in local higher sports radio 560's UAM.
UAM.
What the f**k are you all doing in the back?
In light of Germany's blatant disregard for all things American, this radio station invites you to join us in the boycott of the following people, places and things.
German potato salad, knock-horse, broccoli, sparkly-knogin, boris, becker, boris, carlaw, small moustache, stocky-hairy women who are mean, steroids.
Later, homes in German measles were colic hot drops, luggers, luggies, the ballroom brothers, the brothers, grand, insulin, bread, or dark beer.
Not mandatory.
Weeners, weeners, schnitzers, thobbers, German chepherds, Brigitte Nielsen, Maloney, pretzels, the sound of music on DVD, cabaret of musical and Joe Gray, and anything associated with Joe Gray.
Wolfgang Puck, schnauser, Sigmund Freud, Wagner.
Ron Racer, Strudel, accordion, Zamfier, master of the pantholum, Wayne Newton, black forest cake, the varying cream pie, Birkenstocks, Hagen-Daz ice cream, Colonel Klinge is played by Warner Clemperer, collectible beer-steins, Frankenstein, David Hasselhoff, and M.
You're welcome at 1132 at 560 WQM, where Paul is what's the most memorable line ever from a movie?
You'll be amazed, and I voted and I realized we got like 80 symbols on there already while I was a busy napping, waiting for the choices to go up.
I didn't vote for something from the Godfather.
Aren't you shocked?
Shock?
What do you think I voted for?
I don't know, because I was waiting.
That's a horrible craze you've ever killed you!
There is a couple like somebody suggested, your mother's so socks and hell.
There's another one where she's doing herself with the accruciate fix, and she says,
let Jesus put you, but we don't want to get the Jesus Christ who's too obsessed, so we don't want to put that on there.
Huh?
No.
That would be bad.
So we'll have to stick with that.
But the power of Christ compels you!
The power of Christ compels you!
Thank you, but the power of Christ compels you!
The power of Christ compels you!
The power of Christ compels you!
You're turned!
What is it?
The socks line on there, though, aren't we?
No!
Your mother's socks locks in hell?
That's terrible.
What are we putting that on there?
What are you putting that on there?
Okay, like I said, put it on there.
You know what else is a good line from there that we could put on?
And bother!
Because you're helping all the boys.
I'm a Catholic.
What do you think?
Not as good as the other ones.
Oh, okay.
Not as ex-rated as the other ones.
That's why George wants it on here, because it's filthy, disgusting, grotesque, and pretty amusing.
5, 6, 7.
What year was that movie?
73, I'm guessing.
Well, we don't need to get that really good.
Now, don't look it up, I got it.
He's got important things to do.
I got my book right here.
I'm already on the F's.
As in the FU.
Here's Exodus.
The Exodus is 19.
What did you say?
73.
Right on the money.
Wow, I'm going to the track.
Outstanding.
Now, what does it say?
Sure enough, during the act of Exodus is in the gruel of blinds with a spectacular levitation.
It would all be forgivable somehow if the film was at all likely to order anyone's perceptions one jot.
But all the Exodus does is take its audience for a ride spewing out the other end,
shitting up but none the wiser.
What is that?
Although harrowing, it's a fetch dependent, terribly, on technical manipulation,
and with Freakins pedestrian handling of background story and supporting characters
were left more or less willing to the film toward its climax.
Oh, that's a lot of bunch of suits.
One of the great movies of all time.
Is that that Brit book you're reading?
Yeah, that's it.
I'm going out to them, give me another book.
I hate that book.
Even though lately they've been pretty much on target, but that's because I have it to agree with them.
I mean, how could you knock the Exodus?
Do you have to be, you have to be some kind of a moron, probably some professional Catholics wrote that.
When you think, at least, or he did it, something to do with it.
Yeah, that one.
Let's see, here we got some votes on there.
What's the most memorable line ever from a movie?
Ever?
I'll be back, Terminator 14.
That's a good choice.
I like it.
You can't have a truth to good men, nine.
What we have here is a failure to communicate.
Cool hand, Luke, nine.
Say hello to my little friend, nine.
They always say goodbye when I say that.
Play it again, Sam, Casablanca 8.
You feel lucky, punk, from Dirty Hairy 7.
Jimmy, have you ever seen a grown man naked from airplane 7?
You talking to me?
Taxi driver 7.
May the force be with you, six.
I mean, you know how to star-war stuff.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning of apocalypse now five.
Fast-drunken stupid is nobody to go through life.
Five.
A fat, what do I say, fast?
Animal house.
Why every time I think of John Balushi, I think of the beast.
Who put the lotion in the basket?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
We put the lotion in the basket.
That's the line.
I thought it was it puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
What is wrong with you, being a boy?
I know that's not an ericism, that's you.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
There it is right there from the horse's ass.
You got it?
Of all the lines in the world to be screwing that up?
Hey, eric, don't pay attention to him.
Okay, it puts the lotion in the basket, silence to the lambs.
Do I am use-use?
I like the way we spell that.
That's correct. Good fellows.
I like the use.
I could have been a contender on the waterfront.
It's got to appear.
What would just this thing just got up here?
What would it be?
Kind of like a sneak in there while I wasn't looking.
The power of Christ compels you.
He's only got one and that was my vote.
I'm proud to say that out of 105 votes, it's only got one.
Probably the same people are voting today who wrote that review
and at the Stinking Book.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon World Slime.
Little did I realize what a mammoth project is.
You know what?
Oh yeah.
I'd like about 75 million movies.
So there's got to be about, if there's like five memorable lines in each movie,
that's like 475 million lines.
So when we finish this like in the middle of November,
here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Okay, what's up?
Yes, sir.
All right, I got two of them.
Okay.
One is a scene like all time when the Spanish lady was up on the stand.
She says, how to get my feet up great.
And the other one is a catty chap.
Catty chap, when Delmarie says,
if I pull it out, you stuck out the poison.
Not bad.
I like them both, but neither one of them going on there, are they?
No, no.
If the question is memorable, I don't remember that line.
It was funny.
It was cute, but I don't remember it.
You don't remember catty shack?
I don't remember catty shack.
Didn't you watch it again yesterday?
Yeah, that was here.
You got to understand the QAM audience, they watch catty shack Monday Wednesday and Friday,
Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, animal house.
And then on Sunday, it's kind of like pot luck.
Because don't forget, you won't find happiness in South Florida.
Don't forget that, okay?
I will.
No say per mischa, I'll key.
No happiness in South Florida.
Yeah, come and stick about it.
That was fun.
You couldn't find it with both hands.
And happiness, either.
And we got this all straight now, Vena Boy.
We got everybody on the same page now.
Yeah.
See, it didn't sound too confident about that.
I want to say, yet, still says we put the lotion in the basket.
It's got three votes, we would have a lot more.
If they knew what the line was.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
God!
Of all the lines in the world, how could you possibly not know that line?
You don't understand if you have anything to do with this show.
I hate this ever with some phobobies.
It was a nice, clean and...
Got it?
Got it straightened out?
Yeah, it wasn't that I didn't know the line.
A little typographical error when I was typing.
Mm-hmm.
I was a not-o pilot.
Two dollars and forty cents an hour and dropping like a rock.
Plus tips?
Yeah.
And while listening, now that you got that nice title, though, like I said, a book 87.
21 till noon at 5.60 WDQM.
Let me tell you one more time today about losing some weight.
All of us fat people, we know it.
We've tried every kind of diet, every kind of weight loss of fat,
every pill, every skin that ever came down the road.
And guess what?
Most of us are still fat, we're sick, we're unhealthy, we're desperate,
we're disgusted with it, we don't want to look in the mirror.
A lot of us have already got diabetes.
If you want to lose the weight, there are lots of things you can try.
One of them is balance for life, which is working for so many people.
Even ponytail over there, who's surrounded by food all day at the pizza lot.
Even he lost weight on balance for life and was ecstatic with it.
He thought it was great and you will too.
Because they take all the figuring out of it, they make it as simple,
even a moron can do it.
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting,
no carbohydrate counting.
They bring you that great little black sack.
That's the key.
It's like your security blanket.
Every day you got your black sack waiting for your door by 6 a.m.
at your work, at your home, at your pub temp, where you're hanging it under the overpass.
And in your black sack, there are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks,
all fresh delicious goodies.
The only thing you have to think about is they send you a menu every week
and you have two choices for each meal and snack every day that you run a program.
That's the only choice you have to make.
And other than that, the weight just pours off your body
and you'll be full because there's plenty of food to keep you full all day long every day.
None of these little teeny tiny cans of crap like some of those pizza-tuned systems,
forget about that.
That's garbage.
This stuff really works and it's delicious at the same time.
So if you've tried all the others in a failed, here's something that might really do the job for you.
Balance for life.
Let yourself get into shape once and for all and get rid of that disgusting grotesque nasty unhealthy fat.
Call balance for life today, 954-568-229.
954-568-229.
If you want more information about it, just check out their website at balanceforlife.com.
My life and local, this is 43560.
The way is new, eh?
You're taking the spurty parts.
Get new Barbie!
Barbie Barbie's horny!
You better watch out, Ken.
Wow, Barbie's really horny!
Yeah, look at her go after Ken!
They're both gonna melt!
The new horny Barbie comes with their own handcuffs,
NegoJ and lubricant.
Fast action Ken, sold separately.
17th to noon at 560 WM.
Happy Tuesday to you.
Got a gigantic growing list here.
What's the most memorable line ever from a movie?
And we have a pretty good list here.
I voted for the exorcist.
Me too.
You have a unit in vote for the one I voted for.
Probably not.
You voted for some disgusting perverted sick twisted filthy amusing line.
Did it amuse you?
Yeah, it did actually.
560-560-560 on the AT&T.
Play a little bit of that music, because I got an email I'm sending to somebody here,
my financial guy, but I just want to finish.
Just a little message.
No problem.
Or I can press them.
Salsa.
No.
Or some of this new man having a steam roller, see this.
No.
It's patriotic.
Got the new Convoy.
The old Convoy.
Okay, I sent it.
No, that was kind of like, consider that like when Hank talks to his bookie in the middle of the show.
Do I understand?
This was my bookie.
Now let's see, I've also got some other emails on here that I haven't seen yet from Lynn.
Let's see.
Mary Kitchen Roast Beef Hash.
What?
Mary Kitchen Roast Beef Hash.
What does that mean?
Is that a line from a movie?
I don't know.
Is it a sentence?
It's got several exclamation points after it.
Mary Kitchen Roast Beef Hash.
I don't know what that means.
Vener?
No, he's...
How am I going to...
How am I going to...
Was Beauty killed the beast?
It's actually a very famous line.
Yeah.
What is?
Roast Beef Hash.
That's it.
Was Beauty...
Okay, let's put that on there to pacify Lynn and just calm her down a little bit before she starts eating the...
Ben and Jerry's.
Butter Pecan.
I don't want to let it out of the closet.
That she's eating butter pecan up there.
You think that somebody who's sophisticated from New York City would be eating something more tasty than butter pecan?
Butter pecan, by the way, is for schrozzo's.
15 till noon at 5.60 W.D.C.O.
We got the mad dog, the angry puppy at one.
We got the Humber.
I'm going to treat this afternoon and we got some more Marlon baseball tonight after the big kill beyond because we got nobody else on at 7 o'clock tonight.
They go, good guy and like I've always said about that show.
Would somebody please teach him...
Just tell him, Vener would be a good guy because Vener also talks that...
That kind of like spanglish baby talk.
Yeah, like that.
That's what...
In fact, that's the big...
That's going to be his opening line tonight.
Oh yeah.
Here's a lady in a four-letter deal. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I have two.
Okay.
That's Davis.
Tighten your seat belts as going to be a bumpy ride.
Oh, that's good.
And...
What movie is that?
You know what?
It's where the...
Her understudy tries to take over the...
Her movie, but...
But I don't remember the name of the thing.
Oh, okay. Somebody will know.
And...
Maywest.
Come up and see me sometime.
Excellent. Okay, thanks.
You're welcome.
See ya.
Come up and see me sometime. Maywest. Got it?
Got it.
That's M-A-E for Vener.
He didn't know how to spell Maywest.
He wouldn't know Maywest from where Clint East would.
You know, I don't need to spell it, do I?
Where is Fort Lauderdale? Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Hang on one second.
What do you mean by that?
You don't need to spell it.
Movie titles down.
What movie did she say that is?
Oh, I don't know. That's a good point.
We'll look over there.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you just put up one of them that I had who would go ahead and make my day.
But the other one that's got to be up there is Show Me The Money from Jerry McGuire.
Right. Yeah, big one here.
Big one in here.
You got it.
Thanks, Neil.
Thank you, Neil. Thanks.
Yeah, Show Me The Money is like, that would get a lot of votes.
From Jerry McGuire?
Yeah.
Wasn't that a Tom Cruise movie?
Yep. Never saw it.
I didn't either.
Was it any good?
What was that?
I've said it this being her course.
It's interesting when you're under the overpass and you're the only guy in the overpass that's got a DVD player.
I guess you know, you'd like to show off.
I can have portable ones now.
I have to look at all the people's windows.
They got the portable toilets.
To in fact, there was a story.
Did you see that about Microsoft about the portable toilet scam on that story in London about the ILEU website?
No.
Well, forget about it.
Forget about it.
I'll be back.
This is a contest.
The most memorable line ever from a movie.
I'll be back to Terminator 21.
Say hello to my little friends, Scarface 19.
What we have here is a failure to communicate.
Cool. That looks 17.
You can't handle the truth.
12.
Jimmy, have you ever seen a grown man naked?
12.
You talking to me?
10.
You know, I haven't seen that movie in years.
I got to, I'm going to get that today, I think.
Taxi driver?
Yeah.
I mean, that's one you can watch many, many times.
I'm seeing it like 20 or 30 times.
Oh, no, I haven't seen it that often.
Fat truck and stupid is no way to go through life animal house 9.
Play it again, Sam.
8.
You feel lucky, punk, 7.
I love the smell of Nikon in the morning 7.
May the force be with you, 6.
Am I the only one that voted for the spirit of, let's see.
The power of Christ Compala 2.
Thank goodness, 2.
This town needs an animal 1, etc.
It goes on.
I'm not going to read them all.
Let's see, we got to figure out the show me the money was during the choir.
Titan, you're come up and see me sometime in West.
Do we know what movie that was?
Nope.
Actually, yeah.
What was it?
She did him wrong.
That was the name of the movie?
Yep.
Instead of the name of the movie, just put me west, okay?
Got it.
We got it.
Okay, because nobody's going to know the name of that movie.
We said people are like 400 years old.
Nobody's going to know that.
Does anybody know what that was?
What is that?
Come up and see me sometime.
That's not, that's a line that's often misquoted, just like played against him.
I'll be damned.
Is there anything that this punk doesn't know?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, I need a lot about that.
Two of them.
One from Caddy Shack with us.
It's in a rental story.
It's Bill Murray and then, uh, Soil and Green is people.
Oh, yeah.
It's, uh, one of them, we'll see exact lines from Soil and Green.
Soil and Green is made out of people.
It's people.
It's, it's, well, what's the line?
Soil and Green is made out of people.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
I don't think you're out of line.
Is that the line?
That's the line.
Soil and Green is made out of people.
Soil and Green is made, I know, revolutionary boy, Oscar winning line, but that's it.
No, but it is a great line.
It's almost as good as Boka burgers are made out of people.
So that's funny.
I like that.
Which is funny.
Well, I'll leave it up to you.
You can put it on there now.
I really don't care.
I really could cure less.
It's a good movie, but five, six, seven, oh five, 60, 184 votes, including several that don't have any yet.
I always wonder about those like, yo, Adrian.
How can yo, Adrian not have any, huh?
We got some dumb people out there with like, slice the loan movies.
That rocky thing boy, that's scary.
That tells you almost everything you need to know about what's wrong with America right there is rocky and of course, and of course number one, I'll be back.
Who do you think appeals to a dumb or audience?
Well, at least Arnold has got like a lot of visual effects in his movies.
Absolutely.
Right, right, right.
Whereas, slide is just like dumb, you know, like illiterate.
Like, here's a call from Four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, yeah, I'm on the air, not can barely area, I'm on a cell phone.
I hear you great. Sounds like Reverend John's to me.
In reference to your email that you couldn't understand the final line when Jack Lee's who says to send you came from my loin, the smokey in the bandit is the move.
You there?
I'm here.
Okay, you got that.
You came from my loin.
That's the line you're looking for.
Is it?
Okay, thanks.
Whatever you say.
Do you have any idea what he's talking about?
Yeah, but I'm trying to ignore it.
No, okay, me too.
He sounded like Reverend John's anyway.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T of Rise or Wireless Line.
I'll be back and say hello to my little friend.
Or in a nip and tuck battle for top spot.
This is a good poll today.
Earlier we asked where it was America better off under Bill Clinton, George W. Bush.
50 million people said Bill Clinton and about three said the George W.
When that result?
Right.
200 billion people said Bill Clinton and two said the W.
And I think both of their last name was Bush.
I think one was like Chris Bush.
I've got a question about our poll.
I beg your pardon?
I've got a question about poll.
Well, let me take this call first.
WQA, I'm hello.
May I mean?
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Speak to me, sir.
Yes.
Okay, I got the best one of all.
Okay.
Frank, do you have my dear?
I don't give a damn.
No.
You should see the stack of facts as I'm thrown away.
Yeah.
Well, that's probably my fault because I'm not reading them all off.
But that will take forever.
We got too many on it to read them off.
How about forget about it?
Is that on there?
Yeah.
And it doesn't have any votes?
Well, that was one of the ones I was put on a little bit late.
Yeah, you're, you're, you're strolling my poll here, mister.
Now, what was your question?
Oh, that Betty Davis line passing your seat belt.
It's going to be a bumpy ride.
That wasn't all about Eve.
Should we put the movie or just put Betty Davis all about you?
Everybody knows that movie all about you.
What's in the box?
I don't see a one I'm looking for.
Oh, there it is.
There's no votes.
Forget about it.
First of all, it's not forget about it.
Okay.
Forget about it.
Do you see the way I spelled it now?
It should be faggot.
You should be able to understand that since you smoke so many of me every day.
And you work with one or more.
It's not on your list.
It was the first one on my list.
Forget about it.
What got into there?
Let's see.
Oh, there it is.
What is wrong with you?
I didn't spell it properly.
You should have two Gs as in faggot with an E.
Forget about it.
Not forget about it.
What's wrong with you, man?
You're never going to get a lovey loud in Italy either.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot we got two sticks.
They wouldn't let you into Spain.
I'll guarantee you that.
Not a chance.
Unless you start list being a little bit better.
The five, six, seven, uh, I mean, forget about it.
I think that's got no votes.
I'll guarantee you there are more.
I held a lot more people say, forget about it.
Then I'll be back.
Is there any doubt about that?
Forget about it.
Oh, man.
What is with you people?
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, ma'am.
I don't know if everybody says it.
But in the movie, I think it was Patriot Gaines Harrison Ford says,
how dare you, sir.
And, um, oh, and there's a really old one called, uh, I don't know if the movie is
Lauren McCall.
She says, I'd love to, but I have to wash my hair.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
You want to put that down?
What?
I'd love to, but I have to wash my hair.
Now, I don't like putting that down.
I don't even know what that's all about.
That's all I like.
I would like Lauren McCall.
And I just saw that movie.
The fan again a couple nights.
I remember I mentioned that to you last week.
Your fan would Lauren McCall.
And whoever that hot young stalker is.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I'll be back.
Stay hold of my little friend.
I might as well read the whole list and then the loser we won't have to waste our time.
I'm not going to read the number of votes just from the top.
What we have here is a failure to communicate.
You can't handle the truth.
You may have ever seen a grown man naked.
Fat, drunken, stupid.
There's no way to go through life.
You talking to me?
Play it again, Sam.
I'm going to make him an offer we can't refuse.
I love the smell of the day, Palm in the morning.
Do you feel lucky, punk?
Geez, and I just want to fly down this thing.
Where the hell is it?
Don't you hate when that happens?
May the force be with you.
We didn't need those stickin' badges.
Your mama sucks a lockson hill.
It puts the lotion in the basket we got there where I thank you.
Go ahead and make my day.
I could have been a contender.
I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore.
Do I am use-use?
The power of Christ compels you up to three now.
I still have Easter, baby.
Get the honey, junior.
Leave the gun.
Take the canole.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
No wire hangers.
Houston, we have a problem.
He's got a real pretty mouth.
Here is Johnny.
I'm an excellent driver.
This town needs an Enema.
Me so horny.
What's in the box?
Does that have any votes?
Why it's got one?
I feel the need, the need for speed.
I'm dying over here.
Oh.
Forget about it.
Still doesn't have one vote.
I'm just a guest.
Don't you a guest?
How's that possible?
Yo, Adrian also has no votes.
Life is like a box of chocolates, no votes.
And I'll have what she's having.
Zero out of two, two, two.
Whoa.
You know what I said of that poll?
What?
Forget about it.
1157 at 560 WDQM.
You'll see it'll pick up a whole bunch of votes in the noon to one hour.
You watch Mark My Words or Forget about it.
That is a damn good movie, Donnie Brasco.
I don't hear what anybody says.
This audience rebelled because Johnny Depp, like I told you before, he's threatening to our
heterosexual male audience.
Who is that?
He is.
He's threatening.
He's a threat.
They don't like the fact that he looks like that and they look like whatever they look like.
Hey, no matter what you look like, here's something that can only help and that's Oliometh.
Oliometh, soft gel capsule, contained pharmaceutical grade olive oil, the best in the world, not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil,
like you find in a bottle in the market, but super concentrated olive oil loaded with all kinds of things and health benefits for you.
Oliometh and your pus everyday can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol, and there are 14 different Oliometh formulas for which you can pick from.
Each one combining the best olive oil you can buy anywhere with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific needs in your health,
from your bones to your blood pressure and your immune system.
All you do is pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need.
And now they've got three exciting new Oliometh formulas, one to help you sleep, one to help you control that weight, and cell Q10, coq10 for your heart.
Pick some up today just about wherever you shop, more and more people are poppin' it, you'll find it at Publix, Echards, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro's, and Sedanas, or order Oliometh online if you like it, oliomethamerica.com.
If you want more information about their Nifty products, call tool free 1-866 Oliometh. That's 1-866-6536633, but whatever you do for better health, start popping some Oliometh in your pus real soon.
My life, then look all, this is 4356, way and way.
I am Frao, Ilia and I rush Lateman, and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels, and listening to the near roe, a Mnista hour!
Take high and poo!
Coming at tonight, on the inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, the startling true story of a man who wouldn't listen to his manager, and ended up biting it very hard.
He was Terence Trent Darby.
He won as a college first album introducing the hard line. I said, okay, trendy New York lock boy, I don't know what the f*** it means, but go ahead.
Terence Trent Darby's manager, Chet Stools.
You're looking back, I should have known. The guy has three names, you know, like Harry handstrong purple grip or something, you know, that pretentious upper west side we think we have British horse s***.
With a success of his first single, wishing well, Stools urged Darby not to alienate his fans with any more, quote, fruity-assed art crap, unquote.
But Darby didn't listen. His second album went completely unnoticed. It's title, neither Fish nor Flesh, a soundtrack of love, faith, hope, and resurrection.
Can you f***ing believe it? I said Terence, I'm dying here. I got three kids who need toilet paper to wipe their runny asses and you get me fish and flesh and hope and resurrection. I oughta f***ing kill you.
As Chet Stools' home and business went into foreclosure, he begged Darby to listen to reason. Unmoved. Darby released a third record, symphony or damn, exploring the tension inside the sweetness.
If I ever see this f***ing again, I am gonna ram his contract so far up his ass. He was going to say ass. But tonight, for the first time, Terence Trent Darby himself responds to accusations that he's a complete f***ing.
Hey, that's a great title for an album. The artist responds to accusations that he's a complete f***ing Christ. I need a new job. It's a big juicy, sobbing, wick at show business tonight, uninside of mind.
Okay, can't wait. 1202 at 560. This is going to be really complex. Anyway, Mary Kitchen is better than Chef Boyardy. That's what Linda's trying to convey to me.
Oh, I see. Do you ever hear Mary Kitchen? No. Must be in New York brand. I never heard of it. Mary Kitchen. Although I can't imagine anything being better than Chef Boyardy when you're in the mood for that. I'm not saying it's good.
I think there's nothing like that. But Chef Boyardy fulfills a certain masochistic need when you want to punish yourself. Anyway, now, first of all, where's the one worth the fact you sent me about the correct quote? Oh, here it is.
It says, isn't the line in silence of lines? Actually, it puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. Well, there's different lines.
It rubs the lotion on its skin. It does this whenever it's cold. And then there's it rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. There's the one. And then there's how it places the lotion in the basket.
And then finally, what the f**king lotion in the basket? That's why we just stick with a more simple. It puts the lotion in the basket. Yeah, that'll suffice. Okay. That's when we love you. We're only being exact. We have a lot of an exact quotes on here.
But it's what exactly in exactly. Mark says three suggestions. I like this one. I want my cigarettes, Miss Ratchet from Kuku's Nest.
Another off Miss quoted lines. His work says Miss Ratchet, not nurse Ratchet. You're absolutely correct. You are absolutely correct. I want my cigarettes, Miss Ratchet. You're right.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give it any. We got that. Go ahead. Make my day is from sudden impact. Not dirty. Here is many people assume how do you like that? Sudden impact is a dirty, hairy movie, which we discussed. Remember that it was a little much. You do here.
Don't nitpick with us, Mark. Okay. Just be satisfied with the hairy. Okay. Whatever. But let's get that Kuku's Nest on. Here you got it. Got it. Here's a good one from John Waters. Female trouble. But I better get the bleep ready for this. I wouldn't suck your lousy. If I was suffocating and there was oxygen in your balls. That's a very good line. That is a good line. We're not going to put it on there. But it's a great line. I wouldn't suck your lousy. If I was suffocating and there was oxygen in your balls.
We better not say balls. Tom Jic can be writing that up. Fred from Chicago says, how about cheese my daughter and my sister from Chinatown? One word, plastics from the graduate. Now, oh, and you know my tutor? I know your tutor. One word, computer chips. Remember that scene? Computer chips. But that's two words. Computer chips.
Agreed is good from all street. Okay. Thank you too much to respond to. I know it's not just mover long. Clint Eastwood says, and now you're thinking, did he fire five or six shots and tell you the truth and all the six. Seven. I forgot myself. So the question is, you feel lucky today? Punk. Come on, punk. Make my day. You got all that Carlos? Well, don't we already have or come on, punk. Make my day. Or something like that. Okay. Let's not like you said. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's not. Let's
not. LOnly Valley on the stonyado singles for tournaments. One CSV Vlog for verschiedenen people. What's the problem? No. What's the deal? No. No. What's the deal? No. What's the deal? Come on. Let's not
No, that's the other's pick.
No, you like bully.
Get out of here.
Quit trying to blame him for that.
You're the one that got me into that bully crap,
voicing like two hours of my life with a piece of crap,
the worst, the absolute worst, and wait till you hear this.
And I missed it.
I missed all except the last five minutes on A&E yesterday.
They had the documentary, did the real story.
Bobby, whatever that kid's name was in Western,
the one that they took out murdered.
They had the real story on them.
It should have seen that.
Although they were.
Probably.
Now I'm not talking about whether they look good.
It just happened to be a local story.
And probably the real story was more interesting
than an awful, awful movie.
Don't go out and see bully.
Is that a recent movie?
Yeah, I hear it's almost as good as kids.
Another one on the beaner boys recommended
was kids in the gama, or whatever that piece of crap was.
Anybody wants those?
They're sitting in the other room.
I'm using them as coasters.
Bring them down.
I'll be back.
I don't mean I'm coming back.
I mean, Terminator 28 votes.
Say hello to my little friend 24.
And what we have here is a failure to communicate 21.
Those are the top three.
And there's a lot of others right under S. Pretty close.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Mary Kitchen.
Never heard of it.
Like I said, in New York thing, gotta be.
Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes, I love those for Clark Dable
and Gung with the wind.
Frankly, dear, I don't give a damn.
OK.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's down there.
How many votes is that, God?
I don't see it.
I'm looking at eight.
It's got eight.
Like I said, what a great guess.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
Gone with the wind.
Clark Gable.
The Scarlet O'Hara played by Vivian Lee.
Very good.
Vivian Lee.
Let's hear it.
Oh.
I wish you'd came to Piqui Lee.
Jamie Lee.
Curtis Bernie Schwartz.
You know that?
No.
That's his real name.
Bernard Schwartz.
Tony Curtis.
How do you like that?
He had a wife, you know?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, he also had some strange tastes.
Well, I was told.
Richard Simmons told you.
Well, speaking of strange taste, here's Fort Lauderdale,
huh?
Yeah, you couldn't make out one on the facts.
It was you.
There's no way you come from my loyings.
He was it was Jackie Gleason talking to a son,
Jr., it's smoking abandoned.
OK.
And I was with that other guy.
I was trying to say, but he was like all over the place.
Right.
And I got one that no one has said from jaws
when they're about to go out to see you and print the
yellow to the chief.
Hey, chief, I see your ruckers.
Yeah, that's that's OK.
Marginal.
Marginal.
OK, thanks.
Thanks.
Seattle liked in the field bed when they
called they make the effort to call.
And he like was all enthusiastic.
And they both, you know, sucked.
I mean, they were OK.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
What?
Oh, no, Jackie, listen, Gleason was
sensitive about a pork loin.
They said, don't get porky with me.
Norton 5 6 7 0 5 60.
I sure did like Audrey Meadows.
Lots.
She was great.
Unsome hero.
Audrey Meadows was sensational.
And we kept having to see her damn sister Jane Meadows.
Only because she was married to Steve Allen.
What was her claim to fame?
She was Audrey Meadows sister.
And she was married to Steve Allen.
And that was it.
What did she ever do, Jane Meadows?
Besides Steve.
Say she can't and also appeared on like a lot of the
stupid game shows.
And that's right.
Volker Brian will probably give you a list
about 500 quesos.
She was on Jane Meadows.
That was about it.
When that piece had like put that down on your resume,
what did you do with your life?
Oh, I was on game shows a lot.
Well, beat some things.
I mean, least soupy sales was funny
at his own show.
Here's a call from Pompano.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, for you, I can't believe what it says for five
different movies.
It was in a series of the 60s that still running today.
Barbara Stickers, everything.
Be me up, Scotty.
Oh, yeah.
From any of you.
From anything William Shettner ever said.
Star Trek 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Right.
OK, thanks.
Welcome.
He's right.
How come nobody had a be me up, Scotty?
We just don't have any just the trekkies out there.
They're obviously the trekk and dreck convention.
I'm maybe they're hanging out with Todd Dreck
at the race track.
Got it?
We got it.
Be me up, Scotty.
Poor William Shettner, you know.
In fact, in fact, you know what his best line ever was?
All I was in from a movie.
Get a life.
Get a life.
At the Star Trek convention, he looked at all these trekkies
and he said, get a life.
What is wrong with you people?
Get a freaking life.
And they all went, oh, I can't believe that.
Not from Captain Jerk.
Can you believe he said that?
Do you know the first TV show that he was on regular?
Twilight Zone.
I don't know.
He wasn't a Twilight Zone episode.
That's a little regular.
T.K. Hooker.
Medic.
Really?
I could be wrong, but I think that was the name of the show.
It was like, yeah, all the way back before you guys were
even an idea.
Medic.
How about T.K. Hooker?
And you know who else was on that show, I do believe?
Richard Boone.
Is that who I'm thinking of?
Richard Dulledon.
From Paladin.
That's the Boone.
Not Pat Boone.
Right.
Not Shirley Boone.
Not Boone in the box.
Boone's farm.
Why do you like Boone's farm?
Come in its past noon at 5.60, I'm just kidding.
I like to not spare a farm better.
What did not spare a farm?
Do something to piss off the peeta people?
I don't know.
In which case if they did, we'd like to make them better.
A Creada.
Yeah, and we want to get that name of that town change by Buffalo.
No more Hamburg.
Okay.
No more Hamburg by Buffalo.
In fact, they like like a Wana and Fredonia and the Pueh a lot
better than Hamburg.
From it, it's past noon at 5.60 WDQ.
The Neal Deals just keep rolling down the line from our friends at
Halibut, Potty Act GMC.
Tom Lehman, Joe Prieto and the other unmentionable guys.
And there are a lot of great folks.
And here they are for you right now.
Neal Deal number one.
Waiting for you at Halibut.
Get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003.
Potty Act or GMC in stock.
And Neal Deal number two.
Get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC and Potty Act in stock.
And attention to how you current and former military personnel get an
additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halibut right now.
And of course, Halibut like always has got a sensational selection like an endless
sea of dependable certified pre-owned cars, trucks, SUVs.
And don't worry about credit at Halibut.
See, a lot of people are afraid to go to a car dealership because they really
know that they check your credit inside and out.
Have no fear at Halibut no matter how marginal your credit may be.
They'll find some way to get you into a vehicle.
Don't forget to stop by Halibut and test drive the all new and powerful
Pontiac Grand Prix while you're at it as well.
Halibut Pontiac GMC, when you go there on the lot for the first time, you'll understand
why they survived for 35 years in that same great location because they treat
you right and make unbeatable deals what's not to like.
You'll find them at 134.01, South Dixie Highway.
That's US 1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more information on those Neal deals, just call the Neal Deal
Hotline Tool for you.
It's 1-883-440-11.
That's 1-883-440-11.
And don't forget, all Neal deals have to be credit-approval.
See these are for details.
And Halibut Pontiac GMC, you'll agree with us.
They are professional grade.
Find a local, this is the five cities.
The radio's on your side.
QAM
Women's Liberation is game-freeping on across her nation.
I tell you, people, I was not rich around.
I fucked this night by the name of Braille.
I made a little speech then.
All she tried to make you say, man, she had my balls in her thighs, but she left the
ball.
I guess I'm still a doll, but now it's huge too quick.
Oh God, I am the American Dream.
But now I smell like fat, clean, and I'm a miserable son of a bitch.
Am I a warrior or lady?
I don't know who is.
I want to know what, I want to know what, so it won't win out.
And bought me a leisure suit.
I jingle my chains, but I'm still panicking.
I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior.
I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior,
I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior,
I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior,
I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior,
I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior,
I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior,
I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior,
I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior, I'm a warrior,
From 18 at 25 60 and there isn't this interesting
John and North Miami Beach, Zapa from the same album shakier boot,
Please play the song Western printed from play tú
We don't have that, but you might have it, you have the album we
we have the album but that's one I need Melbourne
I need Melbourne
Doh sala gran Extra
Doh curvature
Well anyway we will get over one of these there, here is he's list, just give look at this
showbrush
desa
from some of them was not the name of the movie or not yet was there was a
movie well no she wasn't in take this job in shove it 9 to 5
regardless of either one forget about it forget about it I told you manny I
told you from Scarface all with his here John right scare face come back
on sorry I'm chuckling again you're not something you're making like
a crackling story and no not even cackling like a shmerkling sounds whatever
that means come back shame from shame
Brandon to will the come back Brandon don't get in that car please are too late
that was much later on the lady T actually he was like I don't want to go into it
the lady teacher in back to school when she said to Rodney danger of here like
can't go on a date with the night because I have class his response call me
when you have no class cute at the time
oh John and North Miami Beach thank you so much and get yourself some help
please now here's one how could we have left this job this is got to be one of
the most memorable lines of all time from in the heat of the night
mm-hmm Rod stagger says to a Cindy Pote what do they call you back in Philadelphia
boy and he says they call me mr. tibs I think that could be the winner right
there even though it's got a late start must be a racist thing don't you think
mm-hmm they call me mr. tibs Sydney Pote the great Sydney Pote one of the great
actors of our time of anytime so the boy you that time here's one from Mirrolet
it's if you got that on your beener we got it here's one that says I waited on
the phone from about an hour I think I was stuck on line five could happen let's
see how line five is doing hello oh nobody there some of my suggestions we're
gonna need a bigger boat jaws somebody said that before this is good mr.
de Mila I'm ready for my close up glorious once in and sunset boulevard right
you want it I put it started okay good is that a gun in your pocket or just
happy to see me may west well we already got one may west all that is good oh
the dingo ate my baby from a cry in the dark that's great I can't believe I
forgot that one a dingo ate my baby I never saw that movie should I the
dingo ate my baby I think I ate my baby that's what I just said from a
cry in the dark I guess we better get that on there because we've have a drop it
I think I ate my baby see I see dead people like crappy movie with that I'm
not just hailey Joel Osman I understand that's Phil Burst giving him a lifetime
achievement award I see dead people do you I do and soft Lord all the time yeah
that's the more here I hear like more living and breathing people here she might
have fooled me but she didn't fool my mother Norman Bates from psycho Mary
O says good luck stays far as free no more stars that's what the stars say that's
what Mike Myers says he went on TV last night on Jay Leno said come on to Toronto
oh everything's great and it is everything just hunky door it's fine even though I
didn't go right my baby yeah that was a problem what's the what's that line
Mrs. DeMille you ready for your close-up Mrs. DeMille what movie's that from
Sunset Boulevard what movie is that from Gloria Swanson another line and I
don't know the movie one of the great I don't care if it's old one of the great
motion pictures of all time it is what the hell is mad away I mean he's got
me west out of where he's got her licked he was he was kind of butch I think
me what's that he asked me he was really macho and Marlene Dietrich she was
very very macho on your teeth she beat the snout out of Janet Reno I'm telling you
all of Donna Shalely she might take him both on so to speak here's my any hello
hello yes sir Neil how you doing great great pull I just wanted to add a couple of
them you're not the boss of me and you talking to me yeah we got that well
what was the first one you're not the boss of me what's that from can't remember
the movie that I read looking at they actually use it in the song from
outcome in the middle you're not the boss of me always from boogie nights yep well
we'll take another consideration thanks pali okay boogie nights oh and of course
like we said yesterday and that's fine we were talking about boogie nights only
yesterday it is so huge yeah even the the he-cune was impressed by it rest in
peace what we could sure use him back again too you know it I say lot and
Charles just bring him back just dig up his body and prop him up in the oral
office there and in telehassy we pining for the day and bring back Baba oh god
life would be so much sweeter nothing could be neither and hell of a lot sweeter
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty now we're like bear we're just buried in bush
like the old burning bush routine here's a call from Hollywood hello hey Neil yes sir I've got
a line I think the memorable movie line should be something that you've heard of
a billion idiots say but they have no idea what it's from could be uh...
often power saying yeah baby I have a million friggin times on TV and everywhere
right so I think that should definitely make the list I think you're right
uh... also i think it's interesting I just spoke of my my only moments ago
that's a great thing
uh... i have a question you guys in the past have done a thing where you you
talk about an organization puts out pamphlets that uh... take verses from the
bible which are like heinous and uh... kind of show the hypocritical nature of
them oh heinous heinous
i'm talking about the freedom freedom from religion foundation okay great that's
what i was looking for medicine
you know what i've got a friend in jersey
yeah you should tell you how bad jersey is he lived out here in florida for two
years
hated it like poison he was so ready to go back you went up to jersey he's coming
back after three months he said he missed his Florida that tells you how bad
jersey is it is it's it's uh... stinks
all right man take it literally thank you now what he just say
before jersey
all the freedom from religion foundation medicine was constant you want to give
the number out
i did
and
six away
six away two five six
sounds like you got a mouthful mister two five six eight nine hundred eight nine
hundred what do you wait in hashbrowns from this morning's how he's delivery
i was saving it
hashbrowns hashbrowns
oh my god talk about the
haters
you talk about goy issue food
has a ground the jews would ever fry a potato would they
fry potato
fry only lockers man yeah lockers right right now i like lockers anytime
i mean you're comparing hashbrowns to potato lockers and always great potato
pancakes we have from corkies you must be you must be losing it
faster nothing or harder to corkies lockies
rock from Pennsylvania says pain no attention to the man behind the curtain was
and they're here from poltergeist and you say
they're here that one from poltergeist yeah let's put that
that's it really i mean not that that matters because like you say everybody
eats McDonald's but uh that's another one of like the top lines of all time
what is uh pain no attention to the man behind the curtain
is one of the top lines of all time
yep i i i i knew that music was going to start i can't i'm delighted
do you agree with him that that's one of the top lines of all time it's not my
opinion i don't agree but on all these lists that i've been looking through
that's that's that's on all the lists and it's on all the top 10s
pain no attention to the man behind that curtain yep
no oh well if you want to put it on there go ahead i'm
best pissed aloud you know if you want to make the effort was it a boss
i would if you put a a uh gun a 357 magnum into my back though he still
wouldn't be able to take it that the line the movie
who said it the cheshire cat oh that's right that's the wrong movie
well the same same thing same difference okay the ten man the cheshire cat
it's all all us a Alice with malice from your dark skin listener a few
the other side of the theater training day i'm going to police king kong
eight got nothing to me
pitch black van diesel i absolutely believe in god i absolutely hate the
effort black night al-hala new jack city i want to shoot you so bad my
bleep is hard and my my brothers keeper yes i am oh yes i am
from the commercial yes i am oh that's the wrong thing
and some classics silenced the lens which you just oh we just got through it all
though that's see that's not something anybody would repeat
i ate his liver with some father meat and a nice
candy all i look at he r he's got that exactly word for word
uh correctly and then of course it puts the lotion on its skin but also gets the
hose again it gets a hose job it rubs the lotion on its skin it does this
whenever it's told man i just know what we're looking for it rubs the lotion on its skin
or else it gets the hose again oh right there you go there's the hose job you're
looking for so i think i'm we're not going to put that
another black night that stuff on it no no the martin
or it might be a racial thing 27 past noon at five sixty w come i got the mad dog
he'll be along at one oh right the hump are in the studio at three
if you need to create a gift for a birthday new baby or somebody's
graduation do something fun and memorable send an authentic vermont heady bear
that receive a beautiful little bear handcrafted and vermont and personalized
just for them with a free card and gourmet candy all delivered in a colorful gift box
just call a bear counselor toll free at one eight hundred eight two nine bear
and i hope you pick out the perfect bear like the groovy grad bear or the class
way the classic graduation bear wearing a black or white gown
grad cap and holding it a plum you can see i didn't graduate you can even add their name
and degree to the gown and get class of two thousand and three on the cap
it's the perfect gift for any college or high school grad and they've got over a hundred
bears for every occasion birthday bears new baby and pregnancy bears and lots lots more
overnight and Saturday deliveries go out and feed so call one eight hundred eight two nine bear
or shop online if you like it for martinie bear dot com show you care send a bear
to create an alternative to flowers for graduation or any occasion that's one eight hundred eight
two nine bear and be sure and tell them that old Neil 20 to call one eight hundred eight two nine
B-E-A-R
we're sports radio five sixty two eight
now usually i don't do this but uh in your case being so beautiful i'll make an exception
now i've got the game for you it's not the game of clue not all those shoots and ladders
hello kitty oh hello hoop it's something mr. Kelly plays with a girl who's right around
age it's not a link in large shack more like a gamer slap jack give a triangle to to
here the cargo baby before this game we explore i'll have to undo my thorns and then get down all four
s don't need your parents permission to spank me and dissimission mama leave your Barbie doll
learn the stuff in the kitchen don't need an okay from that mom just slap me on the shiny
boom you're a free key missing girl i'm about to have a some fun 12 32 5 60 w 2 a.m anyway we got
i'll be back has got 33 and say hello to my little friend 27 what we have here's a baby to
communicate 24 i think we had a three way battle going on you know i could be wrong about that but
i don't think so if i were to realize that this was going to entail this because this is a little
bit too much like work yeah well we hate that yeah we're not too crazy about that on the show
we'll leave that to the sports guys here's pomp it oh hello hello yes sir yeah you had left out one
of the most annoying things there ever was showing the money no we got that we just got a recent
day but that it's that one i also didn't hear a yo hatred from rocky that's on there is it well
okay man i must not be listening to good thank you well clean that ears out and everything will
be fine see you see there you going well i mean i can understand i mean we've been through this
for like seems like about 50 hours on this thing we got lines that haven't been written yet
lines of dialogue that the actors missed out on i'll go down a whole list one more time before
the end of the show okay just one more because there's too many on it it just read that those
numbers over and over again makes me dizzy gives me like a vertigo speaking of a highly
overrated movie did i hear smith can that thing i hope not oh i betcha i did remember yesterday
i talked about that article about citizen king yeah and no good movies basically since the 80s or
least no great movies since the 80s except the course for happiness and the requiem for dream see
they let uh you know the more i think about it it's not that there haven't been great movies made
since the 80s but they just nobody talks about for example uh either one of those movies i never
heard of until two weeks ago never heard of requiem for dream never heard of happiness never heard
of bully thank god never heard of them yeah just you follow on saying and you still have
why do we speak in a requiem for dream tomorrow night ten o'clock on the iFC independent film channel
now have you seen it yeah oh my god oh that's somebody like you that's wired all the time
anyway you would see it now in my favorite movies all right one of the greatest movies in the
history of mankind Ellen Burston puts in a performance you'll just be bursting at the scenes
as zero gold farb and then Harry her son is played by the lovely but very anorexic looking
here at Lido in this movie all the way this has his head on straight as opposed to in the other movie
mercen- um psycho where's head well i don't want to go in with i don't want to ruin it for George
he hasn't seen either one mercen- psycho yet right now did you order that or we don't want to push you
too hard on this no i i'm pretty well i i guess i shouldn't say this i'm pretty confident that i
can uh find that in town if you hollywood video that i'm gonna go to right after the show's a matter of
pretty desperate boy you got so few good video stories in south florida we have a great
selection of DVDs in your DVDs oh what i wanted to play a minute ago was i was sent them out of
weakness for my children and i split along as you can see they talk when they should listen but i
only play the short clip to which i apologize let's see long time first time facts are it says uh what
movie is the line nothing works here i've been here 10 years the medication doesn't work what
movie is that from it should be a movie but it's from a hbo documentary about the real
Bellevue hospital and the i hate this place nothing works here really really oh boy
without any real guy named brian who was a uh what do you call him i guess i got another great one
i've got this one could be the winner and i really feel bad that we leave it to me okay and the
only reason being Bellevue yeah what movie was the uh lead the bad guy the uh in uh in
upcase was he at Bellevue or similar institution i'm pretty sure was Bellevue
when a stranger calls oh the Charles durning under the line the line is
oh don't answer the phone no what oh have you checked oh children have you checked the children
that's it oh yeah god i wish i could change my vote when she picks up that phone and he says
have you checked the children and then of course there's the sequel to that what is the uh what
stranger calls again or whatever the sequel what stranger calls back i think
and when the babysitter has grown up and he's got her own family and he escapes from Bellevue i'm
pretty sure it's Bellevue that's a highly underrated flick it was it was like a clad a great
z movie at the time you know it was like a low budget film but Charles durning was in it who's
great i love Charles durning you know one of them when he was good in i give up mass appeal with jack
lemon that's right i shouldn't say that dentist will get upset because it's highly critical of the
catholic church and he's asking him about have you had sex with men or women the young
priest and he says both and he says good day and he wasn't doing a polar harby junior imitation
either when he said good day or even senior five six i have you check that children more thank goodness
we can see how these things all like you have to put the word association thing in a pieces of
the puzzle right right because when your mind is falling apart and all you can think of is
bucky deal winning in two oh four flight at hazel park and winning by ten lines driven by the great
frances over here i was thinking wouldn't it be great if we could like if they could and someday
they probably will have a procedure where probably they'll just be able to do it externally they put
electrodes on your on your head yeah and you eliminate all the crap that is in your brain the
things that you don't want to remember no and no i see you're saying anything save room in
there for important stuff like you know what you had for breakfast this morning you know things
that are maybe relevant right like watching glingarie gling Ross i'll get around to it hey listen
i'm waiting how i had a you mister have you seen have you seen the game no have you seen american
psycho no so i'm like two flexion to you and i will get two of my mentor which that'll be about five
minutes and i'll get to glingarie gling Ross i can't believe you haven't seen the game
while i was prejudiced because why because it was my blood was well same thing but it's not
he's got all his clothes on the whole movie and in no point in the movie is he a sex pot or
anti or a smoke pot or anything else like that that should be on the box
safe for viewing even to those who are revolted by michael darles naked yeah well he's a sexy guy
thanks here's my any hello any old something yes sir i actually have two quotes i don't know if
they're on there first one is made a force be with you how could we forget that and the second
we didn't you can't handle the truth got it got it uh another thing yesterday you guys were talking
about under eight or actors well you know what joe pantoliano you got you know who he is
we just him good good call who who is he he's always like a supporting actor like in every
single movie i've ever seen with him right there are always good ass movies are like the best
movies you know like my mentor matrix uh he's even in uh what's for one he was in like every gangster
movie or yeah i know that is yeah he is good you're right and he's uh he's like the most underrated
actor because he's never in the league but he's always the best supporting actor in every movie
and i love him well next time we do that poll will put you joe pantolunies on it all right man thanks
palie thanks yeah that's a good point now let's see we have made the force be with you we do we do
yes come on trust me uh you could you could go blind trying to read this list i better put my glasses
on for this i'll go down a whole thing just one time here just this one time yeah play the music
what's the most memorable line ever from a movie i'll be back 34 say hello to my little friend
28 what we have here is a failure to communicate 24 i'm gonna make him an offer can't refuse 23
you talking to me 20 uh you can't handle the truth 18 Jimmy have you ever seen the girl man naked 16
fat drunken stupid is nobody to go through life 15 go ahead make my day 14 i love the smell of
napalm at a morning's got 13 vote frankly my dear i don't give a damn gone with the wind 12
i'm as mad as i see i can't say it the way that though Peter Finns said
that's got 11 also with 11 do you feel lucky punk 11 do we have that line right
right it don't we don't care i mean you know they they know what we're talking about uh that's got
11 it puts the lotion into basket nine play it again sam nine may the force be with you nine we don't
need those thinking badges nine your mama's so socks and hell six or whatever she said i still
love Easter baby six he's got a real pretty mouth that's got five no wire hangers five i could have
been a contender five leave the gun take the canoli four that should be doing better than that do you
don't think of course do i am used used for be the upscottie for Houston we have a problem for
that was called in special long distance by February uh get the honey junior four the power of
christ can tell you four i voted for that and proudly so uh i want my cigarettes miss ratchet three
i'm dying over here three this town needs an enemy three me so horny from full metal jacket two
i'm an excellent driver two from rainman uh i have what she's having i'll have what she's having two
here is johnny two forget about it forget about it's like a one oh my god that's not the most
memorable live from movie forget about it they have a whole thing where even explains what
forget about it's supposed to mean forget about it i guess what's it about has one huh they forgot
oh they must have i feel the need the need for speed one i will it's was beauty that killed the
beast one come up and see me sometime one show me the money one life is like a box of chocolates one
and uh the other ones have none there's several on none yet including even from boogie nights you
know at the boss of me or of it out of three hundred fifty two vote god i was like an exercise like
i said a little bit too much work don't remind me never do this again okay at least nothing next
year a lot of work and a poor beater boy there he's probably like a down about 32 pounds at this point
soaking wet 1242 at five sixty wd qa and homeowners is there anything worse than going out in the
backyard on a hot day like today and seeing that once beautiful pool of your stained-dirty maybe
even cracking well your pool doesn't have to be a bent a mess no mole call our friends at Atlantic
Marseille Atlantic Marseille specialize in refinishing pools bringing them back to life making them
brighter more colorful and now Atlantic Marseille is introducing Atlantic Blue Bright for over 12
years Atlantic Marseille has been beautifying pools with the ever popular diamond bright and the
makers of diamond bright had developed Atlantic Blue Bright exclusively for Atlantic Marseille Atlantic
Blue Bright promises to leave your pool with a richer more colorful appearance unmatched by anything
on the market your friends and neighbors will be convinced that you got a brand new pool that's how
good it'll look licensed and insured a real construction company that uses full-time employees not subcontractors
Atlantic Marseille is a family owned and operated business they've got thousands and thousands of
people have come to trust them because they do such great work and they serve daybrow and palm
beach Atlantic Marseille also does great decorative innovations custom lighting pool heating exotic
water features so enjoy the summer in your own backyard called Atlantic Marseille today and be
sure and check out brand new Atlantic Blue Bright here's the tool free number 1 800 558 88 83
that's 1 800 558 88 83 don't forget Atlantic Marseille is truly a pool's best friend
leaves it good I think it only
through my role
push push push why we sit by the gallery on the
place this play me I don't know which way to go
he's floating in the burners in swather
takes the drugs milk just like a mother it's like the fat man's got her in moss
just the blood of lunch a burning mobs
46 is 560 WQM just a few minutes away from the mad dog angry puppy they hostile hound
now this is a good one on a fax machine how about squeal like a pig boy from deliverance
yeah you don't think who doesn't say that daily now that's true especially a QAM
that's what muff is always saying a beener boy squeal like a pig beener boy
oh speaking of that metro pigs 199 street just got off the this uh what is that west of the
turnpike does it say hard to read it metro pigs just west of the turnpike 199 by the stadium
7 to 10 pigs it says FM is what it says all they're probably listening right now so I have a
nice day officers but uh quit writing so much viness well they probably uh you know something
there are some crazy people drive right to there you know some really crazy people
who's zooming through that school zone let's see recklessly and for dream is on tomorrow night at 10
p.m. on ifc i'll be damned you could knock me over with a feather didn't I mention that a couple
of times today yes that's okay you can ever mention it too often though in fact i'm going to
sit it over here at my pile so that tomorrow we remind everybody because you know you say
a day ahead and everybody will forget right don't forget about it
won't they they will now some people might say but i don't have ifc you know what everyone knows
someone who does and if you can't make it over to their house they can have them take it for you
that's right have them take it believe me it trust me trust me what i tell you if you don't
like this movie then you might as well just check out yeah when a doubt check it out
because it's a yes it is depressing and it's morbid but it it's south Florida right there in front
of your very eyes the Sarah Goldfarb is south Florida i mean and her son Harry he's also what
south Florida is all about right i mean that's definitive south Florida very sad and you know
one of the really tragic scenes which i the first time i watched it i didn't it didn't have the
same impact but when her two old yanta friends from the building go to visit her oh i can't get
that out of my head oh my god and then you see them sitting on the she she you see her and she
looks like i mean a walking dead kind of like what you see in sunrise lakes and surfside every day
and then you see them out on the bench hugging each other and crying right kind of like
oh in fact that's what it should say just underneath it should yeah wow
quick pop in so many pills Sarah i'm gonna be out television
and whenever refrigerate see i can relate to that thing with a refrigerator
oh the refrigerator starts moving at least in her mind it starts moving and practically attacking her
and on the one hand she's watching and you notice another thing the TV set that Harry bought her
the big screen that really is much too big for that room and and that for whatever reason that
set is almost never on because she's so wired and so just stowed out of her mind and that's
she's just sitting in the chair like staring off into space but that set is rarely on all of that
is the set that the the guy comes out of the out of the set into a refrigerator well it's big
and they start doing the dance that that that that that that that that that that that that that that
oh it's just great and he looks a lot like mortgownie but mortgownie's been dead much too long
for that to be him but then he looked like him like a little bit of the other face yeah that's
the result we got a winner we got another winner anyway you'll love it 10 o'clock tomorrow on
the independent film channel believe us when we tell you in fact don't believe us watch it and
then we'll discuss it at length we'll be asking lots of questions here's point and be
chill out hello Neil how you doing great um I got a couple um actually one is she was I can't believe
it's probably I'm not on the list it's on the king of the world from Titanic okay didn't see it
you know and then two copies like I don't from airplay or curry type of
food what is it? no for me sir we know from we don't smoke in the band it the first thing I do
when I get home is punch your mom in the mouth we are right with somebody mentioned that we're okay
I'll smoke in the band it's a bird rental movie so we're not going to talk about that right
yeah but Jackie Gleason how's Burton Jack's doing oh we'll see them no that's a shame that's
really sad that's what happens there man that's what happens it's called progress I guess
what they're a good place not like other places where you can get stone crabs yeah other places
were plastic assholes for to eat and greet and meet right right and you see real
place I'll tell you one thing I wouldn't want to eat the same restaurant with Brian Cox I mean
that might just be a personal thing you know and at least in his case now there might be other
people might say it that I might be fairly interested for example if I was in a restaurant with
Jared Lido and he made the same suggestion I might like look up and say well but when Brian Cox
is sitting at the table like he said I think oh no I'm getting out of here real fast you know
when you think so real fast but there are some people live all the way up in Boka they don't
want to go to New York prime because they don't suck their ass and lick their parts like he just
said and as a result they go all the way down I mean can you imagine living in Boka and eating on
my beach I find that very very bizarre because Joe Stone Crab is like I know we got a lot of people
on this station including the guy that follows us I don't want to mention a mad dog by name get him
upset the Humper is like he's very big and Joe is in cut he's huge it shows and now even Mo Moa Joe
oh it makes me just and I've never been there I have but just the whole concept of this
shivering away to D and who do you know and who you're going to be seen with I'm not into plastic
which is why American Psycho it's one of the many reasons why it's such a great movie is because
these are the most plastic assholes you'll ever see in your life they're all plastic in fact if
they stood on the sun too long they would melt you'd find like a little puddle on this
street corner they would melt can't stand plastic spastic people so like you said there a lot of
really great places deep but then anyone I would choose five six seven oh five sixty here's
a call from Boka hello hey Neil yes sir a couple lines for me you know I know you like to
ingest this for all there's a line out of that movie that is Caleb me for your show
do you remember the old guy was in the courtroom and he was talking to judge the guy you like say
what's his name Jack what right Jack Warden yeah and he's charged with this
swearing in public the old guy yeah and he says well your honor the reason I was swearing in
public is because I'm a diabetic and the judge says why don't see any correlation between
swearing in public and being a diabetic and the guy says well that's because you reduce that
yeah I do remember that yeah that was great wine but you're right the wine I was calling about
was and I'm not a big clenese with fan but outlaw and Josie Wales yeah when he met with a
bony hunter who was hired to kill him but for some reason they couldn't he couldn't do it right
then and he asked why he would take a job to try to kill him he said hey I got to make a
ego the man's got to earn eleven and clenese for thousand won't buy any much of a living good line
I guess you have to be there okay thanks thanks what's just happening he hung up he didn't
feel good about it he didn't feel good about it I guess he won't be good about until he's
said it and then once the words came out he's like well I don't I really can I bring those back
can you get them back no no too late in fact it wouldn't surprise me since he probably
blurted something out there at Tom jikle be writing about that pretty soon hey Tom I didn't
realize you're such a hockey expert let's bring back Brian Murray and Robbie need him right no
it's just amazing me you could write like 15 Ecclepides about the things that Tom knows nothing
about like radio and TV for example
the Middle Eastern world will be its floating to Dom and people killed with the gas that we sold
him first time aggressor nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled
to get that oil flowing forget about Korea the notes there's ocean and the right wing is
feeling it over and over into our head that Iraq has some
weapons of mass destruction
3,000 people killed I'm now forgotten let's exploit them instead
hate their oil to be caught in going after sent down to Plankato Sama there's no longer
mention of the name in law that what no one seems concerned all come be in
complacency believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through
the ammanipulation and the right wing is really it over and over and to our head
that Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
you've turned
