Good morning Neil, Moran Scott. How are you sir?
Quit sucking Kevin back through in the heralds and so much.
Why not do they just make me a bunch of money?
They did? How much do they make?
I guarantee I took that into my mouth. I like the sales staff here.
I'm not like the sales staff. They give the city linker to my and the heralds and tell me to do that.
By the freaking herald, I'm going to read the whole article on the year.
It's a great article. I still go and Kevin, you got your head so far up Scotts asked
that it's going to take a proctologist and a guy didn't crane to get it out.
Well, at least a piece that heads that out there anymore.
Yeah, well, it's a big crowd.
Yeah, it's a crowd from behind you.
What do you think of the Marlin?
We had a couple of calls on line 9 this morning off the year.
The Howard's after me now because there's just without a doubt a conspiracy going on.
Everyone here, there was a vote of 10 to 1 that Howard was the one consenting.
And there was an abstentia vote from Greg.
What?
The hold on what?
There was only one my and a herald here today and it turns out he steals the sports page
every day to go home with anyway.
But it turns out today he decided to take the tropical arch section home with him.
Absolutely.
So we just felt that it was kind of a dick move.
He's under a lot of stress.
He was so pressured to swerve that when he met George in the tea room,
he whipped it out for George and his driver's license too.
Oh, usually he doesn't whip it out in here except when he's downloading porn.
No, this was in the cream he whipped it out.
Anyway, he's 59 years old so I'm a year and a half older than he is.
But I don't know. He told very Jackass last year he was in his mid 50s.
Does mid 50 sound like 59 that would have been 58 last year?
Does that sound like mid 50s?
I don't know if he's mid 50s.
That's like, check man.
Check fly about there.
Check fly about there.
I think my girlfriend's the same age as me but she's like 27 whenever we go out.
Always like an old lady.
He's just vain.
He's vain about that.
Her piece about them checkered pants about his age.
Come on, loosen up a little bit more with you.
He's just bad.
About a couple of those quotes in that Kevin Baxter article where you come right out.
You want to like blow him out.
When in down blow him out you want to five to 10 a.m.
I said I'd cut his throat for or something.
I'll take anyone out that's in my life.
So you said if you're boring no one listens now.
Will you be referring to anybody specific when you said that?
Just him.
All right.
Yeah.
There you go.
Other than that, I'm just trying to make it.
You know, I'm always doomed.
Everyone puts a label on me.
I'm short term fix.
Yeah.
I bet you know I look at it this way and you'll
like you've got a luxury of working here for your whole career.
I've had the luxury.
I've had the luxury.
I've had the luxury.
What's the luxury of?
You're so luxurious.
What the hell am I doing here?
Oh, I think you're luxurious because you're smart that you're there.
You're not fooling me.
But when I did my stints in New York twice out of LA San Francisco at Lano Vegas,
Chicago all that was planned.
I wanted to work in every one of them.
I also wanted to do the Bob Knight show.
I didn't want to work in all those.
You can laugh all you want.
I wanted to live in San Francisco.
In other words, your goal is to get
canned on every station so you can work in every major market in the country.
My goal is never to be canned.
I've only been fired.
I got fired by Westwick because I took the thrasher job.
I probably would have been fired anyway because I had gone from 100 to 55 stations.
But the guy that replaced me had 12 for an all-time high.
I was able to pull it off in syndication.
I did it four times.
But there's no radio jobs that end nice.
You know that.
There's not going to be any like long term.
I was at Westwick for five years.
I was at the end for five years.
The end with management at the end.
They say, thanks for a great job.
There's not a bad thing.
New endeavors.
There's not a bad thing.
They pull the plug.
They do you.
They usually have you.
They'll send you an vacation.
New you.
I got fired in New York because two guys had sex in a church.
And I wasn't even on the air.
Or is in my case with blood packs and they say,
hey, by the way, don't bother coming back from vacation.
We're going to pay you for next seven months.
We're not coming back.
That's right.
That's what they'll do tomorrow.
You think?
Just buy his ass out.
I mean, you gotta look at it this way.
Buy his ass out?
If you can have four hours of money making.
I'd pay him by the dingle.
Just pay him off.
Crisis guys.
Who are you kidding?
I'm not going to play dumb like Beasley doesn't have money.
But you understand.
First of all, they don't want to pay
even when you're working.
So you can imagine how tough it is to get money
if you're not working from them.
And number two, they just extended this contract under duress.
Oh, yeah.
Everybody's got their contract extended,
including Scott, right, with his big salary over there.
But it takes down 10 weeks to get in.
You have a contract?
Do I?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You do.
Yeah.
For how long?
It's for a couple of years.
That's it.
And I have an, here's my contract.
I'm allowed to do whatever I want.
That's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to do a syndicated radio show in January.
Whether they like it or not.
And I'm going to do TV.
Whether they like it or not.
Just do them, man.
The more I do.
Just stick it to them.
The more I do, the more money you're going to make.
I paved the way for you.
You don't have to worry about calling a boss an asshole.
And by the way, you people in their herald
are such a bunch of pussy's, every word that's in here,
like I'm not trying to piss anybody off.
It's P blank, blank.
I mean, an asshole.
They've only got like an A.
OK, they couldn't even put A blank blank hole.
Yeah.
What a bunch of pussy.
Did he like I love because they put every F bomb in there?
Every C sucker.
That's a real publication.
I don't know what a pussy's like.
They hear a lot of my shooting.
Shoot him and suck it up to the arrow.
I told Judy McGrath of MTV to president to suck my nuts.
Yeah.
I love print that.
Yeah.
I love that.
That was the best article I was ever written.
Because I got off.
When a hero that would come out, as you told her to S,
blank, blank, blank, you're in blank, blank, blank, blank.
And then some Cuban guy tries to figure it out.
And he misspells it or something.
Did you see the other guy?
I did all the groundwork for a QM.
You can go, Greg Read and Ass, so you can call all the management
people about your schmucks, which they are.
You can do whatever you want, because I've been doing that
for six years already.
Did you see the beast?
There's a picture of the beast in the article.
And he actually has Schmeggly on his left tooth.
Yes.
Meg Mon is toothed.
Yeah, I think a little lettuce chunk.
Probably from Clarence.
Yeah, that story was in there.
Oh, nice.
That'll wrap this up.
Have a nice day, Neil.
You too, Scott.
Great job.
I'm off the air.
She's a perfect match to you, who likes to flash her pants
to you.
When she don't have those on, she's hanging like a
straw me on right, and Colt was rancid snap.
And Colt was rancid snap.
And he'll say, you know, you're a match.
Imagine what you can catch from in Colt's first snap.
You're going to be upon you.
Scratches with a brush.
You think a raw dough.
And Bill Marbott, you'll never get drugged.
And Colt was rancid snap.
And Colt was rancid snap.
A swirling pool of crap.
And Colt was rancid snap.
Using pleasure.
The key now to play.
Sir, walking with the bill, though.
Furbly jammed inside of her butt.
And Colt was rancid snap.
And Colt was rancid snap.
Go on and know what it could hatch.
And Colt was rancid snap.
10.08.560 WDQM.
Happy Monday, too.
So anyway, where the hell are we start today?
I guess I should start with a message from Norma Kent.
Hey, Norma, the answer is.
No.
No.
Well, you talk about Kutzba.
This guy is so unbelievable.
Calls me on Friday.
Wakes me up out of a really nice nap.
You know what, he gets to be old like me and Hank and Mo.
And they take naps now and then.
Sure.
And he gets to be a senior citizen.
And I'm taking a nap.
I'm sound asleep in a phone range.
There's Norma Kent.
Another one of his pointless useless calls.
Having nothing to do with anything.
Certainly having nothing to do with my career.
Or livelihood.
Or any of these things.
So anyway, he's starting in again with this stupid bobblehead,
though.
How many times have you heard me say about that crap already?
I've heard him.
Yeah, at least.
And he wants to see.
He just refuses to take no for an answer.
I know some of the weasels like that.
They won't take no for an answer.
Because we're already having a bit of a time raising money for abandoned pay rescue, which
is the charity of my choice that we're doing now.
In the past, we raised a lot of money for center one for Kamala Sous for planned parent
ad.
And we did a good job on all of them.
And congratulations to us.
And you're welcome.
But the fact of the matter is you can't be all things to all people.
Let's see.
Here's the fact.
It says the worst part of your show is from 10 a.m. till Scott Schutz the hell up.
Why don't you tell the opinion I like to cross over with Scott to kill some good time?
And we have a good time together.
Don't we?
People like it.
Okay.
We already took a poll on that.
Yeah.
You know, is that interesting?
We were saying before and before the show this morning, no matter what you do or what
you say, it's South Florida.
There's always a negative asshole.
No matter what it is.
Three minutes.
Right off the bat.
I mean, it's only nine minutes after the hour.
We just finished like three minutes ago to cross over.
And here comes the facts, which by the time it got to you and then you were related to
me.
So you see what I'm saying?
So I'm really immediately after us.
Scott said, have a good day.
And I said, up your ass.
And that was it.
And here comes the first negative facts.
God are you people negative?
I understand you depress because you're living there and you're stuck there.
I can relate to that.
Not anymore.
Not no mole.
No, because I had the choice.
And I said, hey, give me out of here.
Jesus, anyway, normally the answer is no.
You're not going to cut into our, it's a tough year for all charities or having a bitch
of you.
You're even told me that.
And then he's got the hoods.
But they say, well, you think we could sell 20 by 100 of these bobblehead dolls.
And I'm counting on you to really promote it.
No, because we're already doing a band of pariscus.
I told you before, I did my thing for center one.
They didn't appreciate enough to like, you know, play about a rules with us.
They stabbed us in the back on a couple of things as you recall.
Well, yeah.
And we say, good luck to you.
You do a lot of good work, but you're going to have to raise your money some play
sales.
But now since he's director of center one, my agent has tried to like manipulate me into
a position of raising money for them.
And the answer is still not going to happen.
Yeah, but why do we do about 20 charities that we raise a few bucks for each one?
We can raise 20 times 36 hundred bucks.
We already got that beat.
We'll have the Neal Rogers charity fund.
Yeah.
We'll just turn into a charity show and then we'll have about a point one.
We'll have the same amount of cash as we have a rating.
Sprags and nothing like cheap change as well.
I've chump changed.
Now you know that that can't be that guy from Dallas online.
Now you know that can't really be.
Hello.
Dallas, Texas.
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Yeah, I said I was calling basically so I could be on hold like a new show.
I can't just go on.
Okay, well hold on.
Okay.
Well, why didn't you just put him on hold, Scott?
He don't want to have anything to say.
Why should a guy from Dallas have anything to say?
Well, he didn't tell me that.
He's probably too cheap to go out and buy a computer so we can listen on the internet.
Well, that we had 1971 votes on a pool over the weekend.
Aby believe it.
Some of them were real on our music pool.
I mean, that's got to be almost a record.
But I noticed that last couple of days it started like goosing right up there.
It was a big rush.
I'm certain of these groups.
I don't want to mention no name to this.
I'm sure again a rush.
And not that rush either.
Anyway, we'll give you the results of that pool.
Here's today's pool.
I'll give you right off the bat because we got lots of stuff to do today.
Don't we?
Lots of stuff to do.
I got to read that whole article from the a herald Kevin Baster.
We don't want you people to go out and spend money to buy the herald.
Oh, God.
See, I know Scott appreciates the fact that he even the free publicity.
But don't don't get sucked in by the herald Scott.
That's my first lesson to you.
Do not get plus no, that's my second lesson.
The first one was fire the beast, which he still hasn't done.
But the second message is don't suck up to the herald because they'll stab you in the back.
They'll put on an act and in fact, even in this article,
there's some pretty negative crap.
You notice that?
Kevin, it's still small.
You're facing them again like they did to me at the Sunsettenel several years ago.
What the hell was that old guy's name?
I'm sure he's dead by now.
He's dead by now.
Let's hear it.
The one that pretended to be a big fan.
He went out to Calder to the track with me and it took all these pictures.
And then he puts a goddamn hatchet job in a traffic magazine or whatever.
Whatever their Sunday magazine was at the Sunsettenel.
A hatchet job like so which you never saw.
Not as good as the one Mark Fisher did in the herald years before that.
The one where I was crying, I was sitting by the phone crying on the front cover.
We crock it out of tears.
They put all this crap in my eyes.
I figured like glycerin to get the effect of the tears.
Really?
Jesus Christ.
They wouldn't have had to do that if they would just told me it was going to be in the herald.
I would have started crying automatically.
He had real tears.
Yeah, they dripped all this glycerin down your face.
Man, it takes hours and hours to like wash it off and Jesus.
And then they write a hatchet job on you.
Mark Fisher, aka Mashi Pisher, that's the guy.
By the way, happy Juneau year.
Tell you Jews out there.
And to go in, well, we had a head start.
1013 at 560 WQM, you know, speaking of head start,
do you think the choice ever going to get me any copy for any of these accounts?
No.
I just mentioned that in passing again.
Just like I mentioned in passing, norm the answer is still no.
No, no.
Go away with your bottle of his bells, okay?
Maybe they come.
The answer is no.
Quit digging with my charity.
Quit trying to manipulate me and use me to try to make you look good.
Okay, Mr. Kent can't get it done.
So how many you think we can sell?
Bobblehead dolls.
I'm 30, man.
Let me tell you about dry concepts right now.
I've been using them in my home not for 30 years, but over 20 years.
I have a long time.
I'll guarantee you that.
In fact, most of the other carpet cleaning companies in town have come and gone
during that period of time.
They're long gone.
But dry concepts is still around because they're the best to make it very
or long story short.
The number one carpet cleaning in the world, the only ones who really dry clean
your carpets.
It's an exclusive patented method.
It makes your carpets look brand new smell, emity fresh and stay
cleaner and last longer too.
Now dry concepts offers you a chance to save 15% on your next
carpet cleaning.
Just call them at their tool free number 1-800-248-5071.
Ask them to put you on their stand by list and then dry concepts will
call you next time they've been an opening in their schedule.
Like when you fly standby, if you're available when they have an
opening, they'll knock 15% off the regular price, which is already a
bargain and don't forget to dry concepts.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start their
service to pin this job.
Call dry concepts today.
Ask them to put you on their stand by list.
They might even have an opening for you in the day you call.
They'll give you 15% off the price of your job.
Whether it's your carpets, your draper, your furniture, your
upholster, whatever you have them clean, they do a job like nobody
else in the universe and no ripoffs.
Call dry concepts toll free 1-800-248-5071 or check them out
on the web at dryconcepts.com.
We're the only people in the world who are the leaders of the
world.
Not that many.
But more than before.
And anyway, that, and of course, it should have been more than
before all along, but again, we give back so much in exchange for
these studios and throughout our own Amsterdam.
Is there a studio in Amsterdam anymore?
No.
No, there's not.
So right off the bat, that should double my vacation weeks right
there.
But Norma can't is more worried about trying to manipulate and use
me to raise money for his charity with his bobblehead dolls.
The answer norm is no.
Absolutely.
Positively.
No.
Beyond a shadow of a doubt.
No.
Up your ass.
No.
No chance.
Okay.
All in his case, when we say up your ass, believe me, well, there's plenty
of precedent.
Here's today's poll, which we'll get to.
Eventually, then we'll give you the result from Friday.
Which TV talking head you pray never to see again?
And you can pray like anybody you want.
Oh, good.
Which talking head you hope never to see again?
All we started with was a peer.
Now, you want to put Gloria all right on her too?
Oh, okay.
I thought you said that.
I did say that.
And culture, Nancy Grace, and we'll put Gloria all red.
That's ALRED.
Let's get the spelling right today.
Okay.
You and Eric, ALRED.
There's not the three L's and not two D's and all of these things.
Is Gloria all red?
Parts of it.
And whatever happened to her with her big lawsuit against Michael Jackson.
She's one of these people that starts a lot of things and never finishes any.
She's always sticking her nose in there, getting her finger in the pie.
And then it's the end of it.
Kind of like Rosie O'Donnell.
Always sticking her finger in the old pie.
Here's the poll from Friday.
You know, I'm like right on the edge, right on the cusp, but I think I got to beat.
This is the good news for you.
I didn't tell you this morning because you get nervous.
Right on the edge of like a sore throat, you know how it starts with.
But I got to beat my diet soda here with my diet coke.
I drink it up diet coke.
I could be like an alcoholic, but I'm not.
But they don't drink caffeine-free like I do.
Right?
Is it not they drink it for the caffeine?
All the alkies they drink tons of gallons and gallons of diet coke really wouldn't know.
I thought I was just a keeper.
Oh, seriously?
I'm talking about the people we used to work with at Paxson.
I didn't know this.
I was loaded with alkies, man.
I think that was a requirement.
You had to either be a born again Christian or an alcoholic or both.
I don't think the caffeine was the active ingredient.
I think they just need to be drinking something constantly.
Yeah. Well, thank God they had time.
A cramor there who never got involved in drugs in the 60s and 70s like everybody else.
And told us about it every day.
And at the end, he would look at us and say,
hey, do you believe me?
Do you believe me?
Whatever.
What a burnout.
He was another one of Buddy Buds' pals.
Buddy Bud Paxson.
Anyway, here's the pull from Friday.
Other than the beetles or the rolling stones,
what's your all-time favorite rock group?
Led Zeppelin, I didn't I predict this?
Yes.
Even though we put them on there late to give everybody else a little handy crap.
Led Zeppelin zoomed by everybody like they were standing still.
167.
I know we have more votes on there right at the end,
but this is this is updated enough.
Aerosmith's second 120.
Let's hear it for Stevie Tyler and those big lips and Joe Perry and all his other go-am.
Thora's 110.
Rush 107.
Now, good Canadian band.
Do we really believe that Rush had 107 votes legit?
No.
I don't know.
Do you believe it?
No.
Pink Floyd 97.
REN 92 now.
As much as I love REM, the fact that the matter is they started out with like almost nothing.
And mysteriously, it went up with 92 votes.
We're so pleased to see that, but do I believe the number?
No.
Yes, had 91.
No.
No, it didn't have any, but yes, had 91.
Eagles 86, Van Halen 81.
The Who 58.
I'm going to read them all.
That'll kill some good time.
Moody Blues 52, Metallica 46.
Well, I should read them all because if you wanted to somebody on here and you don't have,
you're not sitting in your computer right now, you probably want to know, wouldn't you?
Sure.
You too.
42.
Bruce Springsteen in the East Street Band 41, tied with Queen 41.
See, now right there, right off the bat.
Does that tell you what crappy taste a lot of people have to compare Bruce Springsteen and the East
Street Band with Queen will be like comparing Elvis Presley with that freaky fruit cake that was on American Idol.
The flag.
What that was then?
Justin Guarine.
Justin with the weenie.
Anyway, Queen was tied with Bruce Springsteen and 41.
Van 36, the band.
The Bee Gees and the Beach Boys and the Grateful Dead Chicago and Simon Garfunkel all side by each.
All four of them had 31.
All five of them.
The band has 36, but these other gr-
Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho.
The Bee Gees, the Beach Boys, the Grateful Dead Chicago Simon Garfunkel with 31.
Trailing the band.
ACDC 30, Steeley Danced a lot of gas.
29.
Allison Chains 28.
Leonard Skinner 25.
Kiss 23.
EL.
Oh!
Had 22 of them.
Ava had 22.
Fleetwood Mac 21.
Tool had 21.
21 like tool.
Pearl Jam 20 and the police had 20.
Police only had 20.
Whatever.
Pretty weak.
Outside.
Almond Brothers 18.
Dave Matthews Band 17.
CCR 16.
They're still rolling.
Rollin.
Nirvana 14.
Guess who had 12 guns and roses 11 B52s 11.
Ten votes for Super Tramp 9 inch nails and Crosby Swillin Nash.
Red Hot Chili Peckers had 9.
Durand Durand and here's the ones with 7.
Whole bunch with 7.
Durand Durand Emerson Lincoln Palmer Allen Parsons Project 3-11.
Forerner.
Cars.
Four seasons had 7.
Six votes for Radiohead.
Deep Purple.
Rancid.
Black Sabbath.
J. Giles Band.
Sticks.
Blood Sweat and Tears.
Five votes a piece for the Kinks.
Motley Crew.
Bad Company Lincoln Park.
Four votes each for a fool fighters.
The Backstreet Boys.
Spirit 98 degrees and wings.
Three votes for in excess.
Two votes for Jane's Addiction.
They showed a better match.
Sure.
System of a down head.
Two.
Blink 182.
That was more than enough.
No down head.
Two were apologized for that.
Queens of the Stone Age had two.
Queens of the Old Age had 100.
The Haalees two.
And only one vote for Coldplay and Stink.
Let's hear it only.
One asked a lot.
Their vote for Stink.
Probably some five-year-old girl.
The climax of Blue's Band.
And no votes for a filter.
Power Station or Disturb.
Even on the heels of Robert Palmer's death.
Oh my God.
Power Station had no votes.
Isn't that depressing?
Oh, it's thinking of his death.
Man there.
Dropping like flies more deaths over the weekend.
A lot of them.
Oh.
That'll kill another half a heart.
No pun intended.
Yeah.
That'll kill a whole bunch of time and a whole bunch more people.
In fact, that rockabilly guy they had on the city policy
earlier I mentioned before the show.
I don't even know who that was.
He died.
Even people we don't know are dying.
Which is really depressing.
Fans.
Turn as ghosts.
And welcome back to the World Series of Buno.
Down to the final two players at the final table.
And the actions about to heat up.
It's little eight-year-old Jimmy Archer against his grandma.
Little Jimmy's playing this one beautifully.
I must say he is down to one card.
Oh, hold on.
What is this?
Oh.
He forgot to yell Uno.
I didn't.
Oh, you did.
I did too.
Did not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
Did not.
Did not.
Well, you know what that means.
He's got to draw two cards now.
When that puts grandma firmly back to the driver's seat.
Yeah.
Too bad that's a rookie mistake.
And that's just going to hurt him.
It sure is.
I hate you, man.
Oh, oh, no.
He's throwing a tantrum and running upstairs.
It's really, really gross.
Oh, no.
As you know, that's an automatic disqualification.
I'm not going to win.
Well, I'll tell you, Jimmy really needs to work on his Uno face.
Give him time.
Give him time.
You're right.
He's young and we'll be seeing more of him, I'm sure.
So congratulations to our new World Series of Uno Champion, grandma.
I'm not the wife.
I'm not the wife.
I'm not the wife.
More like number Uno.
That's a good one.
Well, that's all for now.
We'll see you next week when we bring you the World Series of Go Fish,
live from the Cezars Palace Take Care Center.
Oh, look at us.
We got to update our schedules here on QAM.
All right.
Let's hear it.
Duff and clearance working overtime today.
That's because the Marlins are in the playoffs, naturally.
We got the big game tomorrow.
What time is that game?
We don't have any one o'clock games, they're out on the West Coast in San Francisco to start.
And we're also carrying the Cubs in a Braze at nighttime.
So we got baseball up the ass for the foreseeable future.
And I bet you're most pretty happy about that.
Here's a lead for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, I'd like to know something.
The else is side by each.
Where do you get the expression from?
Canadian.
That's not true.
Because you're speaking to one.
I've been there 28 years in Toronto.
I have never ever heard anybody say side by each other.
Well, the only person that I hear saying it is Frank Saliv who calls the races at Woodbine and Mohawk Carnus racing.
And he always says side by each.
I go to Woodbine.
I go to Woodbine.
Yeah.
But he says that all the time.
So that's an isolated.
That's only you've only heard of for one person though.
Well, also say Frank Saliv is.
But you have to admit he is the best though.
He's great.
Okay, because I personally, I had a discussion like I'm in Florida right now with somebody.
And he lives here.
And he's always like, you know, making cracks, but Canadian people and stuff.
And he says how we all say side by each.
And I personally never heard that.
So I just wanted to.
Well, at least he's not picking out.
At least he's picking out.
And I'm not picking out.
I'm not picking out.
How's it going?
He's not picking on that.
So that's, you know, at least in diversion.
That's right.
Oh, yeah.
And he told me to tell you that I've been taught that he always got.
There you go.
Thanks for your hard work.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
I'll see you side by each.
Okay.
I just find it amusing.
That's all.
It's just kind of funny.
You know what I mean?
Right.
So anybody can say side by side.
You know, but side by each.
No, it's funny.
And there's another expectation too, which not only Frank Saliv says it, but when you, for example,
the horse's name is what a beauty, what add beauty, the pronounced the a is a what add
beauty.
Seriously.
I mean, maybe that's only Frank Saliv.
I don't know.
Maybe he's got like some kind of a mental problem.
I don't know.
At any rate, we'll take Canada a will take our pot laws and our fag marriage laws and
we'll take the liberal of premiership and Ontario starting on Wednesday election Thursday.
Gonna bounce that early eaves right out of office.
See, this country is moving ahead, taking gigantic steps into the future, whereas America
out of the bush, mysterious fascist regime are moving gigantic leaps and bounds into
the stone age backward.
So if I have to choose between the no matter whether we say how's it going a or side by
each or whatever, I'll stick with Canada a.
How do you like that, sweetheart?
Love Toronto, even other weather.
It's I think the party's over now for the weather.
Low tonight's going to be 41.
That's a bad.
No, but I can see the high in some days.
There's one day, I think Thursday to predict in the low of 38.
I think we're going from summer to winter this year, huh?
That's okay.
Just bundle up.
Life is more than just weather as most of you in South Florida who came with dreams of
sun and fun.
Hey, you discovered life is more than just the weather, didn't you?
Yeah.
It's part of the little trick that we play on in South Florida.
You think it's paradise because you're some crusty old 59 year old kutsai that.
It's paradise.
By the way, I'm proud of him.
He's really coming along now that the Scott's trying to blow him out.
Who to touch it?
Yeah.
Whips out is a whips it out for Georgia's morning and his ravers license too and shows him
is the birthday June 40th.
How to tattoo it right on there.
So I see I don't care.
I'm not vying out in November.
I'll be 61.
I'll be like you're going to have older than the Omoe myster.
And that's where it goes.
Of course, I'm making a lot more money than he is.
And my ratings are like a hundred times what his is.
And there are actually a few people who like me as opposed to Moe, but that's the way
it goes.
You know, Moe, that's how it goes Moe.
But I think we're starting to slowly but surely drag him into the real world now.
I think he's maybe he's finally reached the point in his aging career when he's tired
of being detested and reviled by all, but I don't think so.
Because if that were the case, he wouldn't have called off there twice doing for real
show, bitching and belly.
I can't even bother to tell this stuff.
We just made that up.
And what's the deal in the goddamn hero's Moe?
A guy that's making a half a million a year just from QA and plus your dolphin money,
you should be able to afford your own goddamn prescription.
Okay.
Are you idiot?
God.
Every day we talk about cheap Jew man and bad stereotypes.
He's bad for the rest of us Jews.
He's the here's me, Mr. Generosity, that takes care of the whole world and very glad to
do it.
And then we got this cheap bastard under it.
So cheap even takes the hero home.
What a prick.
But we like him all.
You're a good guy.
Absolutely.
In your own bizarre way.
Don't you like him?
Oh, actually, you're the one.
You're down there.
You're with him.
I mean, you're starting to get real close and all goofy and everything.
It's hard to avoid him.
Been doing a good job, but eventually you're running.
He's seeking you out.
When in doubt he seeks you out.
And maybe he'll even allow you to sniff some of his dingleberries later in a week.
We'll go engulfing the weekend.
Yeah, but whose balls are going to get whacked?
I'm pretty glad.
Here's my Annie.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you play the George tapes, please?
Yeah.
It's been a while.
You played the George tapes, please.
Monday.
This guy's got nothing to do on Monday, but sit there for like 20 minutes.
Are you going to play the George tapes?
No.
Can't do it.
Asshole.
Now, a lady in Pompato on 9, I don't believe that.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you today?
You're in Pompato?
Yeah.
Well, why would you be calling her on this line?
Because I'm not calling from Pompato.
Where are you?
You don't want to know.
You really don't want to know.
OK.
It's far, far away from you.
Maybe 2,000 miles away close to Patavia.
It's not far from me.
2,000 miles away from Toronto.
I don't think so.
Well, anyway.
The tape is like about 200 miles away.
So tell me, honestly, what you think the chances of the Marlins getting anywhere this
year?
I mean, beyond this level here.
Well, what do you mean by that?
You sound so negative.
Nobody expects.
David Samson, as much of a twerp as he is at the beginning of the year on this station,
he said that Marlins would win 91 games.
We all laughed and laughed and laughed and fell down on the floor and rolled around and held
our sights.
And you know what they did?
They won 91 games.
Unbelievable.
And they made the playoffs to the Wild Card team.
If they don't win one more game, it's still been a phenomenal year for them.
And not that I'm a big baseball fan or Marlin fan, but they got a given credit.
You know what?
It's exciting for me.
I follow them when I live down there.
And it's just really, it's really kind of fun.
It feels almost the same feeling as 97.
Right.
Is that what it's like down there?
Is it the feel of the people down there?
Like it's exciting again.
The people are coming out.
I mean, is that how it's going?
I'm sure they had like about 30,000 about how many?
About 30,000.
Thousands in a game for the last few games.
They're sure.
That's great.
That's great.
I think it's awesome.
Well, it'd be a lot greater if they actually showed up the rest of the season.
You know, when it's not the bandwagon thing, but that's not the South Florida F and
way, you know that.
No, Cubano's can't deal with that.
No.
You know how?
Well, they're busy with the cock fights and the dog fights.
But you know, George, we're still about that.
Okay.
Have a great day.
We'll see in Batavia.
Oh, man.
What a bitch.
Wow.
Well, taking a cheap shot at you and she don't want to know.
What does she don't want to tell us where she's calling from?
You know what?
I missed it somehow with her shot.
Yeah, she took a little shot.
You would know about that.
Mother was a cute.
Oh, an anti-spick thing.
She doesn't like spitting.
She has a good time in Lee Roy, New York, where we lack a wana.
Locked by my sense.
But no peep.
Maybe she's in the pure for Donia.
Or maybe she's in Buffalo with Maria, Genero.
I can't get over how Maria, Genero is on whatever channel it is.
A fat boy would know.
I want to the Buffalo network.
Fillets.
She's I love Maria, Genero.
She's one of the bright lights that we ever had in South Florida.
Is it WIVB?
Oh, not that Dicke Ellen DeGeneres.
She's got a show again.
Yeah.
Living it up with Ali and Jack.
I have no idea what that is.
That's on.
What station is that?
W-G-R-Z.
In the ABC is no WKBW.
Absolutely.
And there's Madeline Albright for president.
That's what I say.
Although she's too busy cozy up with Ariel Sharon.
Twenty before another dead American soldier in Iraq this morning.
That's more bad news.
Oh, who's he now dying?
They, yeah.
Who's counting is right.
We stop counting at this point.
It's a twenty before eleven at five sixty WQM.
Here's the schedule.
We got the mad dog, Jim Maddach, two to four.
We got the hopper at Chula's four to seven.
Then the Ricky Williams show from the Cleveland or in South Beach live.
Seven to eight tonight.
Ricky Williams, Ricky Williams, Ricky Williams.
Keep saying it.
Nice hairdo.
Nice do Ricky.
And by the way, don't mind that they all say that you're whatever they're saying.
You know what they're saying about him?
No.
Eight o'clock hurricane hotline from Tony Romas is the old hurricane hotline with the Joe Zagaki
and Don Bailey, Jr.
Is the beast on that show also or what?
I hope not.
Eddie K. Ten to two and Joe and Mark overnight.
No baseball because the season's over.
And tomorrow you got the Marlins and the Giants.
And then we even got the Cubs in the break.
How about those Cubs, huh?
Yeah.
How about the Cubs, Scott?
How about them?
Well, I'm waiting for the division again for the first time since what was it?
89, I think?
84.
No.
No 84s there.
They lost to Sandy.
You're going to pay off.
89 was there that I was a big Cubs fan and watched all the games on the satellite.
Is that a fact?
Yeah.
No Toronto Blue J-fan, huh?
No.
No, see I'm not a phony.
I don't all of a sudden pretend to be a fan of some team just out of nowhere.
And I've been a Leafs fan.
Oh, it's going to be a bad year for Leafs by the way.
Oh, man.
Do they suck or what?
Wow.
They won't be as bad as the Panthers.
Well, who the hell would be?
We love the Panthers.
See now nobody would even talk about the Panthers because, you know, the Marlins in the World Series.
Now the Mar-
In fact, you notice even the dolphins are kind of taking a back seat.
By the way, nice loss yesterday to Redskins Pants.
The Patriots lost yesterday.
And what kind of a call was that?
And by Belluchuck on Fourth and Three, they got a chance to kick the tying field goal of an interior.
So it's 55 years he can handle it and they throw an incomplete pass.
He's done it before?
Yeah, he's done it.
He always comes through in a clutch.
No, let's make the first down and incomplete.
Sorry.
Tommy Brady, though, still look good.
Not tell you who looked at even though they got trounce by Purdue on Saturday.
It was Brady, what else is his name?
Quinn.
The mighty Quinn.
Yeah.
He had no Pat Quinn, but boy, he threw 50 some passes.
Something like that.
And they got trounced again.
Let's hear it.
Notre name lost and the quarterback looks good.
What more could you want?
18 before 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
By now you've been hearing about Lamin and Saras and how laminated would it flooring from Lamin?
Saras is the easy, the intelligent low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which is beautiful, but oh, so expensive.
Lamin and Saras is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from Peridor, Pergo Wilson, our Unifloor and Quickstep.
All the top names all installed by Pergo Certified Installers waiting for you at Lamin and Saras.
Here's another reason why I ought to be calling these folks.
Their prices are so low, they'll probably put you on the floor.
Right now you can get their September kickoff special for just 1900.
You have, I don't have that, that sound effect.
Do I?
Chlorin.
The falling on the floor that you always planted.
It's in the DCS, under body fall.
Under what?
Body fall.
Oh, well, I would sure know that.
Yeah, the price of the floor.
Right now, get their September kickoff special for just 1995 bucks, gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
Unfeel-evalable.
And Lamin and Saras will match any legitimate written offer too.
You can't beat him with your stick.
For a free and home estimate, call Lamin and Saras toll free at 1-877-777-3336.
Nothing could be easier.
They give you a free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving at 25-year warranty, and years and eons of beautiful, easy care, lamin and wood flooring.
Call him today, toll free and be sure to tell him that across the ancient kneel, the second oldest Kudang QA am told you to call Lamin and Saras.
1-877-777-3336.
Slide in local.
We're sports radio 560 humans.
U-A-M.
That's you slut, you whore.
Sometimes, if you have a problem, it helps to talk to people who have overcome the same problem.
I'm buying in the salary, and I'm still interested in Chamberlain Bill.
That's why there's Benefer Anonymous, a support group for those tormented souls, crippled by their addiction to the celebrity couple, the rest of the world has finally stopped caring about.
Every day, I wake up wondering, are they broken up? Is the wedding on? Or on? What is the answer?
Does anyone know the answer to Sally's question?
Yeah, I do. It's WHO GIVES A CREM!
At Benefer Anonymous, we know you're bombarded with temptation from media outlets, help that to fuel your unhealthy obsession.
Today, I made a breakthrough, and learned that there's a war in a wrath and a prolonged economic slump.
Very good, Sally.
I'm not sure how these things will affect Jennifer and Ben.
You're the best! You're the best in guys, get over here!
No matter the severity of your Benefer addiction, Benefer Anonymous can get you the help you so desperately need.
All Benefer Anonymous meetings are held in quiet private locations with no one else around, in movie theaters that are still showing Geli.
1048. How many of those are left?
About 30 minutes!
At 560 WM, here's the fact that it's unfair to you to mention that you were considering something other than the best to me old to sell as a charitable fundraiser.
How about a more Howard-David-ed pencil sharpener? I think this fraction's got a great idea here.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
I would.
Why do you say this?
You would say that.
You say that.
I would.
You would say he said it.
You got to call the kids.
You know, you son of a bitch and nickname a good boy andätte Thief.
So for last week and I ran into a normal Kent radio show in the afternoon on Wednesday afternoon in the afternoon
I thought he was on 8th and on the morning. No, they were having a promotional thing or something was going on
Yeah, how do you press it? He had Stan majors on
And he had a guy by name a Jack or something
Who used to follow you on some station? No, I never worked with anybody named Jack Jack whole
The some guy hit it the number two rated show after you on some station
There was they were Stan major
Okay, well, normally can't let Stan major in this other guy kind of rip away out here for about 20 minutes about what?
Healing George
Feeling George from what George is working for somebody else and took him away. That was a part-time event and then
He was going on about how the other guy was the number two guy and he should have followed you and he should be making your money
And it just was weird because normally
Kind of like a bitter jealousy to me, you know Stan Stan still hasn't paid me back to two thousand dollars that I loaned him about
100 years ago and his wife came crying on my doorstep about how their mortgage payment was due and they couldn't make the payment
And then like a couple weeks later it comes to me and says oh while I'm taking a whole family to Disney World really under a lot of stress
You know instead of paying me back to money they went off the Disney World for a busman's holiday for weekend
But that's okay Stan you just run around ripping me an ass and Norma you can blow it out your ass. Thanks for the air spy report
Yes, they've ever said a good thing, but I think normal let them go on and on just for some ratings
Just to have someone talk about it. Right ratings. He doesn't have any ratings
They showed us even show up in a way that he's got a zero point zero
Yeah, but I have a great a pal quit the having those accidents. He's another talk radio chronic of course
I mean well, what do I care see this?
This is part of the whole sin. How many times have I told you off the year?
How much I despised that whole light bulb this old, you know, it's gone. It's dead
It's finished hand the W's news light bulb, you know, it had its place. It had its day
I you know, I did well didn't make too much money in those days
But nevertheless the maggots are off that thing but I'm my god
The Joyce Kaufman Norma can't the mr. Ego Alice right now all of that stuff. It's done. It's finished
finito nobody cares
Stemming and stand majors not even on that level. He's a level below that whatever it is
You know buys his way on the year and and I don't wish him any bad luck
I'm never gonna get my money back and that's okay. I don't need it
But to flaunt it and somebody say just like the time he called a house when I was going to go off to
vacation the Europe one time and says oh, I need I need to borrow your car my cars in the shop
It calls to leave the message for John on my machine there that he needs to borrow one of my Corvette's for three or four days
Needless to say he didn't get a return call
And there was the other time when I gave him oh, that's right
There was another situation where I loaned him some more money
I forget what I how that was and it was a call just before I was leaving on vacation that time
Which you know me. I'm always leaving on vacation every couple of weeks and oh, I need another small check before you leave
There was a message on my answering machine. He needed another small check before I leave and the answer was no
no, Stan
He should be making my money. You know something. I don't begrudge no matter what anybody else is making. I don't begrudge them anything
More power to you now the jocks. That's a different story
Still stupid ball players wouldn't I cut this out of their thumb?
But you know something even there if somebody's dumb enough to give a rod 25 million year for a team that finishes in the last place every year
I'm gonna go ahead take it. I would take it if Greg read Kim in tomorrow said hey Neil
Just to show you how grateful for we are the great job you've demolished excuse
We're gonna help your cell we're gonna give it 20 million a year. I say sure I'll take it
I don't think the checks would probably clear, but I'll you know, it sounds good. I'll take it
But to be on near whining and moaning if that's true now this guy could have made that whole crap up. I don't know
But if there was any doubt about the Bobblehead dolls norm of the answer was absolutely and see this is this is normal
Cancer idea of a radio show is only got one hour a day. It talks about me for an hour
That that's his idea of a radio show is to talk about me to try again to like siphon off
It's a miracle that I'm still alive at this point of my craggie old age because I've got all these blood suckers like trying to siphon off
Part of my success. You know ones on my toe ones on my
Dingo Berry. They're all over the place trying to siphon off. Well siphon is okay. Norma you jackass and don't call me anymore
I keep telling you stop calling here. I put him right in the same league with rumor now
Although at least rumor finally got the message. He don't call here no mo
Unless it has to do with some legal
M machinations with his contractor with Greg Reader with Beasley bro
Unless it has to do with that don't call me no mo norm
Okay to bring
Is that beyond desperate to put stand major on here? How many people you think in the market have any idea who that is?
God
Assuming that it's true and this guy didn't just make it up all the way it's too ridiculous to be made up, you know, I believe it now I do too
By the way, how come we're not getting a because I want to read the for a lot of people back here
But I want to make sure everybody's in place and listening. I got it turned up real loud
Which TV talking head you prayed and never see again all we got are the ones we put on there and colder and anti-grace glory
All right, we don't have any suggestions from this audience
We have some abroad that calls to rip you and ask and the Cubans again
Who don't want to tell us where she's calling from because they want litter into Batavia?
The first lady was okay the Toronto League decide by each lady she was kind of using
She was a real poop remember Wally Pipp on WCFL. No, no, no, how about Barney Pipp?
Here's for a lot of day. Oh, hello
Sorry about that. I
Just you know, I can't get through the show in the morning, but just to show what Mo is like yeah, he's been talking about his marion
All year how he loves to brave the right he's a brave fan right and now he's saying he wants to marlins to win
He's a bravest because the marlins are playing the Giants
But if the marlins beat the Giants and abrasive beat the Cubs then we'll find out who he really wants to win
There's no doubt. There's no question. He's the biggest hypocrite. We know he was the biggest jet fan in New York
And now he's just right
I mean, he's just for the sour the paycheck and he doesn't right he's like a prostitute
He's a paid but all of us in broadcasting are like they were all bunch of horrors
But I mean he doesn't work for the marlins you know the dolphins I could see things to the greatest thing because he loves
Everything about him. Yeah, can I just want to think since it's politically correct
You know, I mean don't not that I'm sticking up for him because that'd be the last thing to do on issue
But you know don't just single him out because everybody in town. I was a front-running phony jumping on the bandwagon
Every Friday Galeean him picked the games. Yeah, and you know they're never gonna pick against the dolphin through the hurricane
I mean, it's just it's every game they got a big for those teams. Yeah, you can play the you know
That's the best team in the history of the world
Well, what team is that there are no best teams in this to the world?
And that's a one good thing they're safe doing it because they because the hercunes play all little girl schools
Number one and number two the NFL is so weak that the dolphins can you know any given week who the hell knows they all suck
Can I make one mention on because I couldn't get through on your poll with the sports announcers? Yeah
You did miss one person who's a very good friend of the show go ahead Dave Johnson
Yeah, but he's not a sports cat. Well, I mean if you want to include race cars
I guess we could we didn't do that. These probably the best and what he did
Johnson and Tom Durkin the two best in history. I can't separate between the two but they're the two best and one
What was it I put him side by each what is it?
Don't hockey announcers last thing with Kelly Dan Kelly and have a great day
1057 at 560 Q.A.M
My life and local this is 4305 60
You ain't way to Q.A.
You
Oy
Oy
Taste
Of the sausage in Christ
That pipe smoker ran on psychomsize cute wood pens and gauges in the fake of the dead.
I'm a cranky homophobe, not that I mind it's but I'm way too old.
I fantasize about being in bed to do.
And at risk with peddlers my man friend did it.
I'll kiss it make up with ginger some day here.
And then ask them to break my pun.
Now there ain't over again.
Though I would not be you the most fooling.
And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union.
Just bold and stroking away.
For me, Kelly you're not my type.
Just sound like a nine year old kid.
Only a macho menly type.
You don't know it.
That makes me lift my wig.
If ginger was a lover of mine,
I'd bury my boldest baby nose.
Inside his pimply rear end.
Welcome.
No I would not be a sport home.
No!
If I was not a closet of fame,
That's why a ginger and more gay union
would make me feel dizzy and gay.
Everybody follow my thousand bulls.
Yeah, ginger and more gay union.
That would make my sorrel pony hair still stay.
If we had a ginger and more gay union,
That he wouldn't have to get me raped.
All right.
Let me go two at five sixty WQM,
Happy Monday to go Marlon.
Oh!
I don't really care.
See I'm not going to pretend.
I don't really care if they win or lose.
I just think it's exciting for South Florida.
That's something good to happen.
That's all.
I think it's exciting that Joe Angel is with a team that is just kicking ass.
Make Get to the World Series for the second year in a row.
Did you guys?
Like I said,
Almost get to the World Series for the second year in a row?
Did the Giants make it to the World Series?
No, Arizona made it to the World Series, right?
And one.
What are my thinking about Scott?
Arizona beat the Yankees two years ago.
Oh, two years ago.
Who did Giants play last year?
They lost to the California Angels.
I mean, Angels.
I skipped the year.
That's right.
California Angels.
California Angels.
And Anaheim.
That's right.
Yeah, skip that year.
Although I do like the Angels.
My problem is,
I like them back before they,
when they had the big year and they choked at the end,
remember,
and they had to play off against the Adelaun lost?
Yeah.
No, you don't.
That's not that long, Joe.
At any rate, go Giants.
I mean, go Joe Angel.
You'll notice on the promo you got all Joe Angel calls on here
and at Marlins promo,
which I think is pretty guy that they're interesting since John Henry
in the previous regime screwed him over big time.
And then he went to San Francisco and a Giants had a couple of hour having
a second consecutive Giant year.
Nice going, Joe.
There was a good guy.
Got screwed over.
Like usually happens in South Florida.
The quizzlings, the lemmings, the, you know,
the Stan majors of this world.
Oh, that's hysterical, man.
That's just unbelievable.
People playing radio.
I should write a book,
forget about all the rest of the best.
I should write a book just about that part of it.
People playing radio.
People who really believe,
oh, I'm on the radio.
I'm a broadcaster.
I've got everybody in town who's out there listening now.
Listen to me.
Do you hear me?
No.
Anybody listening?
How many are listening now?
Stop third, man.
Oh, come on, normal.
When you cut the crap already,
and by the way, the answer on the bottle head dolls is absolutely no.
Go away.
Don't bother me.
Don't call here no more.
And don't start it.
Can you imagine my,
interfering with one little dog or cat or a weasel or whatever it is
might be that would get money from a band and pet rescue so that I can try to bail this loser out with his charity.
And I'm not saying center one doesn't do a lot of good work.
We raised much money for them before they decided they were a bunch of jerks.
But, you know, enough is enough.
It's kind of like,
it's like assuming yourself in, right,
to somebody else's life.
You know what I'm talking about?
It's kind of like when rumors said to me,
oh, you should have put my money and my losses in with your claim.
And I think with the matured,
the money we both lost in the stock market, you should have put mine in with yours.
Kind of like saying,
oh, my money, your money is my money, you know, are you married?
No.
Oh, that you're white.
No, we have a strong divorce.
We had a real big, big separation, believe me.
Who wears the pants?
And this family?
Boy, put my money in with yours, my ass.
And by the way, that whole thing, yeah, put your money in my ass.
I'll save it.
I'll wash it off.
With a bottom line with that whole thing about recovering the money you lost in the stock market,
if I would have received all these hot shot lawyers come along,
oh, we're going to get you your money back.
And if you go or screwed with all of the tech stocks,
and then you come to find out the thing is you wait and wait for months and months.
And I just got a whole bunch of communication here that's such a song and a dance.
It's not even worth it, you know,
even for all that money that I lost.
It's not even worth the aggravation.
Because they never tended that in the beginning that you're going to have to
like do through all of this, arduous,
it's craziness, it's insanity.
So they just wear you down, you know,
while you've got to send the 14 copies and respond to these 8500 questions here.
And, you know,
screw it.
Thanks a lot, Rimmer.
By the way, I hope you and Mitch Hirsch have a nice life together.
So anyway, here's the article.
Do I have time to read it here in the segment or not?
Yes, you do.
Do I?
Yeah.
Okay.
Trust me.
Kevin Baxter writes in a Miami hero today about our close personal friend Scott Correll,
our real suck piece.
And Walt is there for Savior of QAM.
Radio host is loud, proud, and leading WQM's morning charge in the ratings race.
Now he ain't no stand major.
I know that.
Kevin Baxter writes and boy, what a suck piece it is.
Although he puts a little negativity in there to make it look balanced.
The first thing you notice is the voice.
It's a gravely rast about his soothing his fingernail,
scraping across a blackboard.
And that's just the way Scott for where I like it.
While some sports radio shows work just find his background noise.
Absolutely.
Their cookie cutter host offering cookie cutter views in dulcet tones of sweet as honey.
Absolutely.
Correll's daily diet travel on WQM 560 AM is a white knuckle rushed your morning drive.
Time about as comforting as a Randy Johnson fastball under the chin.
So he's got to get that into the baseball thing because Kevin Baxter now is.
He's the radio guy, the sports guy to baseball.
A Randy Johnson plays a mean chin ball or something like that.
I'm not trying to pee blank blank blank anybody offices for well.
See they won't put the word piss in there in a herald.
I'm not trying to piss anybody off.
I'm trying to get under their skin for else is who manages to do both.
My show is never boring.
If you're boring, no one listens.
Absolutely.
If you're not boring, people listen.
I'm listening.
Well, I must not be boring then, right?
Yes.
Oh, look at this.
26,530 for abandoned pet rescue.
We're creeping along.
We'll get to.
We'll get to.
About third man these days.
We'll get to.
The tough year for charities, man.
I take it personal, but I'm finding out that it's the tough year for charity.
No.
So if anybody tries to infringe on my ability to raise money for abandoned pet rescue,
I take it personally and I take it with great revulsion and, et cetera.
And people do listen to for all of Kevin writes, whether he's promising not to have sex with Jennifer Capriotti,
talking about thunder sticks in his underwear or laughing uncontrollably for several minutes over the sound of a toilet flushing,
people are listening.
National public radio, it's not.
It's more like a Fred party gone wildly awry or a segment of MTV's spring break, the censors must have missed.
But then Ferrell doesn't really care about the wine and breed demographic.
He's chasing the beer and bratwurst crowd and for the most parties capturing them.
Since they're viewing it and I see here this next paragraph, as much as I believe it, I'm positive of it,
this is based only on wild speculation and whatever he was told either by Duff or by Ferrell or both.
In a responsible newspaper would not put this in there, but nevertheless we're glad he did.
Since they viewing the 8 to 10 AM slot on WQM and May, Ferrell has nearly doubled the station's morning ratings among males 18 and older,
despite the fact that he shares the four hour morning block arbitrage measures with Howard David.
Oh, what a shot that is.
That's a blue.
I, first time I read it, I didn't realize what a shot that was.
He's doubled despite the fact that he shares, in other words, like saying he's got this gigantic handicap,
this Albatrosser might as well bite of it.
Thank you, but only Ferrell, only summer audience won't be available to late October.
That's right. So we don't have any idea what the hour by hour is.
Maybe Moe has got the big numbers in there.
The initial response has been better than we had hoped since WQM operations director Duff and Z.
It's just starting. This station is on a major upswing.
That's what the Muffmeister says.
Absolutely correct.
We're swinging it.
But then there's the downside.
If history is any indication, it's only a matter of time before Ferrell wears out his welcome.
Everywhere he's worked and he's worked everywhere from Atlanta to Vegas to New York to Los Angeles,
Ferrell has proven enormously successful on the year and enormously self-destructive often.
In his 19 year radio career, he's been fired more times than a cannon,
often for insulting his bosses in public.
And though he mouths the appropriately apologetic language about youthful and discretion and lack of maturity,
he also brags about being canned seven times from his first job at a college station in Bloomington, Indiana,
only to be re-hired each time after the students protested.
Everyone that is really great in radio has the potential to ruffle feathers, Lindsey says.
We see the upside better than the downside.
It's more like the glasses half full.
He has a very unique quality of being a sports guy and being the upmost radio showman, he says.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay.
And at 38, see I'm never going to get through this whole story in the first, but that's good.
Then I'll come back after the break and finish.
Okay, well that's because we've been interjecting and it's right, but that's good.
You know, you want to play with it a little while.
That's what I always say. You want to play with it a little while, then you'll work.
Then you finish.
Okay, let me do the break and then we'll come back to the cabin back to their masterpiece in a herald this morning,
where he sucks for Wells-Ans so hard that it's almost a live, it's the name of the thing the herald's printed and date.
It would definitely be illegal and proud when the version.
That's how hard he's looking at it.
A rim job that even the rimmer has never seen.
How's my two grand come and stand? You backstabbing phony? How do you like that?
If I could recount that they when she came to Lori, his ex-wife came to my house in tears.
Oh, and the first thing we do, I promise you, is pay you this money back before you leave.
I'm going to make sure you get your money back.
I never get a dime. A penny?
No. A nickel? No.
A penny's from heaven? No.
A penny's from murmur? No.
No. No.
Even I even got the 13 bucks from the lottery ticket from murmur. Never got a penny from Stan Major.
But he'd like to borrow one of my Corvette's because his car is in a shop.
And then goes down here with Norma Kent.
Two of my close personal friends. And now you understand why I don't want to see either one of many times soon?
And just stabs me and written. And I could have made it up. I don't think so to you.
No.
I believe in.
12 minutes passed, 11 at 560 WQA. And by the way, Al Knight put one toe on the ground.
Would you please? At least one toe would be good.
Oh, little Brian Craig and Al Knight, Alison Chains, Nick Lawrence, Joyce Kaufman, Mark Shinebaum.
It's the light bulb. It's the end to radio.
It's radio for people who aren't in the ground yet.
And the problem is that they all died.
Sorry. Those people all died Norma.
Yeah, but everybody downtown in the office buildings listens to my show eight tonight every morning.
Yeah, how many of those are there?
About 30, man.
The 2003 NeoRodgers Blowout sale continues at Halibut, Pontiac GMC.
Get the lowest prices in town from town, limit into a pre-ador oligwood folks over there. All those go in and halibut.
NEODLE number one. Save up to $7,000 with the highest rebates of the year.
Plus get deep discounts on our remaining 2003 models, including the Euconomi Onboy XL.
NEODLE number two. It's right in for you right now. Get 0% financing for up to five years.
And listen to this. You can lease a fully loaded 2004 Grand Prix GT for only $259 a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year.
And you pay only $25 out of pocket. Can't beat it.
Tom and Joan, by true test drive, any vehicle on the lot and get two tickets to this Thursday, October's the tooth Miami Hurricane West Virginia game.
Hurrayin supplies are limited. And of course, Halibut's also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars, traction SUVs.
If you've had credit problems at other dealers, it won't be a problem in Halibut because even if you're marginally,
even if you want to do one of the beastlies, they'll still cut your deal at Halibut Pontiac.
It's the 2003 Blowout sale going on right this moment at Halibut Pontiac GMC.
And you'll find them in the same great spot that they've been legendary for for over 35 years.
134-01. Stoppix, see highway. That's US-1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
For more info on these hot neal deals called Neal Deal Hotline, one Tribal 8.5344211.
That's one Tribal 8.5344211. Don't forget all Neal Deal, something to credit.
Approval, see the folks in Halibut Fort details. That's Halibut Pontiac GMC who proudly say we are professional grade.
My, my, and local, this is Fort Real Phi City, UA and WAM.
Stand Major. Now a news guard radio 610-W-I-O-D. If you missed the last show, you missed this.
Well then what the hell is your problem? Kane is in New York, fella.
What he was doing is your, I don't want Kane back, I just told you that.
Well then who do you want? Who do you want? You want Alan Burke?
I think you want Joe, you're Reynolds?
So what's that?
Then what the hell do you want in the air? Silence?
What do you give me a name? Who do you want?
What kind of content do you want during 2 to 6?
I think here the next stand Major Show. This afternoon at 2 on News Talk Radio 610-W-I-O-D.
Love it 17 at 560-W-Q-A-M. He was something money. I can't say that we're on the air.
Anyway, and the 38 divorced and with a girlfriend. This, by the way, is a continuation of the column by Kevin Baxter and a hero.
This morning I'm trying to save you the 50 cent. How much does it cost for the hero these days?
50 cent? A quarter? No.
Quarter? I wouldn't know.
It'll save you a few cent. And a 38 divorced and with a girlfriend.
For real promises he is mellowed before being rescued by WQM. He had spent nine months off the air following his dismissal from W.N.W.
in New York where he was cast aside in the wake of the infamous Opian anti-scandal.
Which these G.J.'s broadcash to play by play of two listeners having sex at St. Patrick's Cathedral.
All right. My reputation is overblown. I control myself for all apologizes. I'm not this despicable human being that does these horrible things.
I've called bosses idiots and...
See, again, careful. Even the grammar in this article is crap.
It's supposed to say an asshole and whatever else when they're wrong. But it's his end asshole.
But it doesn't say asshole. It just says a blank, blank, blank, blank, blank, blank, blank, you know like that.
What kind of a bunch of pussy zero would I run into? New improved hero. Yeah, a...
Like a guy named Jerry Springer show on paper.
Christ. And whatever else when they're wrong I've called him. He says.
But if you're a reasonable human being and you have reasonably bright ideas, I can be the best friend an employer ever had.
When the Provado fades, however he concedes, my own worst enemy was myself when I got mad or something I'd go off.
I can get in trouble in 30 seconds. How many?
About 30, man. And that's when the trouble always began, says Kevin.
There's a fine line separating the confidence necessary for radio success and the arrogance certain to get you fired and it's a line he's repeatedly crossed.
At his height in the 1990s, Pharrell had a gig on MTV, was being heard on more than 100 stations nationally.
It was making nearly a million dollars a year with a syndicated radio show for Relo and the Bench.
By the way, Scott Stamm made you like to borrow your car for a weekend and also some cash.
He had rock stars for friends and was so well known a highway patrolman who pulled him over for speeding, let him go after recognizing his trademark grasp.
But he lost that job hours after signing on to do play by play for hockey's Atlanta thrashers.
An opportunity once called his dream job. The dream quickly became a nightmare, however, when Pharrell proved unable to limit himself to just calling the game frequently rushing off on tangents that had nothing to do with hockey.
Even his former broadcast partner says he was out of control and at the end of the season he was out of a job as well.
Out of control, Scott. He eventually resurfaced in New York where he says he's so frightened management he worked without a contract.
Nine months later the station in Barris, see that's a bad move Pharrell don't ever work out of a contract in this business unless you're crazy.
Nine months later the station in Barris by the open Anthony disaster dumped the talk format completely and Pharrell was swept out the door eventually coming to rest in Boka where he reeled against the radio gods and waited for the phone to ring.
Tom Taylor, the radio trade journal M. Street Daily News maven says Pharrell has struggled because he hasn't found a station in a market that appreciates his off-beat style but he may have found that with W.D. Q.A.M. in Miami.
He certainly possesses talent he's been like a ball player who's bounced among several teams looking for the right fit Taylor said he had a syndicate to gig at Westwood 1 and then later a morning job at W.D. in New York and they just don't have those out like giveaways at the ballpark.
Still, it was Pharrell who contacted the station emailing W.D. Q.A.M. program director Josh Clarence Darrow last spring and promising him if he put him on a year he tripled the station's ratings before the Florida Panthers 110 hockey games.
He has two panther victories to go to make good on that promise.
Whatever that means do you understand what that may well? Sure.
The son of a concert pianist and former TV anchor man who worked in public relations for U.S. Steel Pharrell who says he was conceived on a snowy night on a bottle of scotch grew up in suburban Pittsburgh worshipping Howard Co. Cell and driving his P.W. football teammates nuts by doing a running play by play their games while he was playing them.
I love doing this more than anyone I've ever met said Pharrell to describe himself as a surf bum. I live to do it. There's no two ways around this if I had my way I do it eight days away.
He lives to do the talk show. Have you believe that? No. No. Do you know anybody who lives to do a talk show? No. Live to do their work. No. No. Bob Barker. Who? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.
No. No.
Here comes the peace of resistance right here.
Take a deep breath.
You took your holding it.
Are you holding it?
How about you?
How about your breath?
Although he says all the right things about his goals in WQM, it's clear and see again
this is a typo.
It's the Harold sucks.
It's clear he'd love to push David off the ear and have the five to ten A morning slot
to himself.
I'm getting pounded.
Yeah.
You say that again.
I'm getting pounded.
Thank you.
You can't stop me for else's.
I'm a runaway train.
I want to control it all.
I'm not stupid.
I'm creative.
I'm manipulative.
I'll get you what you want.
I'll stop at nothing.
I'll cut your throat to beat you.
And the one thing we know he is not is stupid.
Right.
He just said that.
He's not stupid.
Radio is not about feelings.
It's not about friendships.
This is a business is what he's saying.
See Mo, it's a business and you're taking it personal.
Ah, that's the problem.
We're in business.
I mean, we can't carry a bunch of 59 year old guys with crappy ratings in the suspended
underwear.
We can't handle that with a with an old tea bag hanging down from their thing.
Well, it is an old tea bag.
Even the looked in people are recognizing.
Radio is not about feelings.
Scott says it's not about friendship.
This is a business for its part.
The station says it has ruled anything out yet.
Here comes another.
See, you have to read between the lines.
Because you know our people when they're talking to the media.
Duh, get off this instant.
Always like mum is the word.
You know, so they just kind of leave it wide open.
Like when Greg was, oh, Greg hasn't talked yet to his buddy Barry Jackass about extending
most contract under duress because he changed his time slot and violation of his contract.
And so they coerced him into extending the contract and made all sorts of demands and
threats, et cetera, and so on.
So it is widely rumored around a building.
So it is widely rumored.
For its part, the station says it hasn't ruled anything out yet.
It's fair to say we'd like to seem succeed at what he's doing, Lindsay says.
We'd like to see the numbers come through.
Radio's in evolution.
So where the station goes down the line is all speculation says our operations manager.
Duh, Lindsay, which is like code for if we could blow him out of here tomorrow, he'd
be long gone.
Blow him out.
If we could blow him out, he'd enjoy it.
Absolutely.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate that.
No problem.
I think that he has a definite role to play.
Duh says if he succeeds, meaning for real, we're going to be delighted.
But to speculate on where it goes in the future is anyone's call at this point.
There is the article by Kevin Baxter.
Nice reading, by the way, Neil.
Excellent.
A couple of typos in there by the Harold people, a couple of bad grammatical errors and
embarrassment.
And also that one paragraph about the 8 to 10 aim slot him doubling the numbers and men.
Well, you know, we all believe that except for Mo.
But I'm there.
There's absolutely no evidence to verify that at least not to the 16th of October.
Then when we all what's a today, today is the 29th.
Yes.
Oh, now what day of the week is that a Thursday?
Yes.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
The 16th of October boys and girls of Thursday at 1 p.m. and that'll be the day that really
we separate the men from the go.
That'll be it.
Wow.
Although, you know, something I'm wrong.
What?
No, because that's the day the book comes out.
Right.
We won't have the hour by it like maybe until Monday until when?
Monday of the following week.
So that'll be in your fine hands because I'll be gone.
I'll be on vacation again.
I'll report.
And the thing that amazes me about our poll today, I didn't even bother voting on it because
nobody's calling in any other names.
And finally, I figured, okay, I'll vote for Anne Colbert.
And I, and there were 60 votes.
Another 95.
We only have three names on there.
That's pretty good.
Maybe those are the only three we need.
Which TV talking ahead?
Do you pray never to see again?
95 votes.
Anne Colbert's got 71 of them.
I hate you, bitch.
Oh, okay.
They hate everything about you.
Your pastrami, you asked.
Oh, and I did have a Rubin sandwich on Friday.
Remember I was inspired.
Corn bean, right?
Yeah.
Timidone.
It was okay.
Shouldn't have done that though.
I can't beat and stuff like that.
No.
Your fault.
Anne Colbert's 71.
Gloria Allred's 16.
Nancy Grace A.
Out of them the first 95 votes.
And I'm sure there got to be some other ones.
And maybe they'll get around to calling them in.
And maybe not.
We really don't care because it's already almost 11.30.
Yeah.
Right?
Right.
We're having a good time.
I'm having a good time.
We got just crap load of stuff here.
Just a whole smit load.
By the way, Paul reveals most hated sports, including dog fighting in golf.
The CNN.
That's on our way in there, huh?
They usually break out in the same place.
My any arts diocese paid its first settlement more than two dozen local molestation laws.
It's half a million dollars.
They paid out so far.
Imagine how many starving people and homeless people, how many old people who need prescription
drugs going to have them for that half a million dollars.
But instead they got to use all of the resources to play for a bunch of pedophile priests.
Shut up.
Nice going, pops.
Nice going, father, and your tool.
27 past 11, a QM.
If you're one of those people out there, one of us fat people.
Boy, it's a body.
In fact, it's hard to walk.
It's hard to get out of bed in the morning.
When you're fat, you're not in good shape.
Let's face it, you're short of breath.
You can't enjoy life.
If you've tried all the other weight loss programs and you're still a fat slob, here could
be the answer you've been looking for.
Beast lost another pound.
Other answer too.
He's getting to be svelved.
Balance for life is the work for the beast.
And it'll do even better for you because you'll stick on it and you'll be real happy
unlike him who's like a pampered little rich boy Jew.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no
figuring anything out because they do all of that for a balance for life based on the
zone diet.
And they deliver your food right to your door.
The only thing you have to like ponder, it'll take only a couple of minutes, is fill out
your menu once a week.
Balance for life is the only company in the universe that's used between two alternatives
for each meal every day that's run a program.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks made with fresh delicious goodies right in your
little black sack, which they deliver right to you by six o'clock in the morning.
Your home, your work wherever you're going to be hanging out.
Believe you me, this isn't some drastic or crazy diet program or some wild kind of
pill that won't do anything to put your money in somebody else's pocket.
This will really work for it because it'll keep you full and satisfied.
Plenty of food every day to keep you happy so you won't be cheating.
So that balance for life finally helps you lose that weight and gets you back in the
shape and avoid that diet, babies, too.
Let me tell you right now.
Seriously, I've been diabetic for a long time.
It ain't no fun.
You can eat all the good stuff you like no more.
Call balance for life today at 9.5.4.
5.6.8.32.29.
9.5.4.568.32.29 or check them out on the web if you like it.
Balance for life.com.
5.6.6.6.
The radio is all yours now.
Thank you, Ian.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
4.6.8.
6.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
5.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.8.
6.6.6.
6.6.6.
6.6.6.
8.6.
5.6.9.
25.6.
25.6.9.
15.6.9.
25.6.9.
25.6.9.
And was there somebody else?
That's enough.
Before the...
In the last two months, just stop and think about all the very famous people who've
croaked in the last couple of months.
It's like a tidal wave of death.
Kind of like what's happening in Iraq, a tidal wave of death.
They didn't go in on there.
Marlins game watching parties at Shula Stake House, Tuesday and Wednesday at 4 p.m.
at Shula Stake 2.
Special appearances by Billy de Marlin and Marlin Murmaid's.
There will be interactive pitching games, even if you're a pitcher or a catcher.
Probably normal, we'll show up for that.
Wear your Marlins colors and route your Marlins to victory.
I should probably be putting some of that hairy stuff on too.
Because I don't think we have any Cubist fans left it, became unfashionable.
And of course when Harry died, that's when I didn't care anymore.
He didn't hear it.
He didn't hear it.
I'm a Cub fan.
See, there's like a real Harry there in the meek.
I'm a Cub fan.
Make believe it.
I know, bud man.
I trust you, R2.
Did you meet that guy?
Because I met him.
Disney introduced me to that guy in the Chicago City.
Right there in the Murphy's Bleacher with me.
No, I don't mean the real Harry carry.
Oh, the fake one.
The fake one came in there.
That was my one trip.
That was my 23 hours in Chicago trip.
First one for Neil Rogers.
Yeah.
That really thrust my ass a little bit.
Come, Jean! Come, Jean!
Same guy, I think.
He just took the glasses off and he became the other guy.
So anyway, there's the Marlon Nala plug-out a few times for a good friend, Bill over there at Chula's stake too.
No problem.
Let's see, area...
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Please, though, chance dies me too badly if my nomination doesn't fit your criteria.
I know he isn't a news media handle, but was there a...
Harry Fleischer.
Does that fit our thing?
No.
He was a government spokesman.
See, government spokesmen are not like talking heads.
Now, if he was making all around again now,
post the departure, then we'd say, yeah, we're sick and tired of seeing his ass and his bald spot.
Do we see him anymore?
No.
No.
Probably too embarrassed.
Let's see.
John, at 10 a.m. here for what is it talking head?
Oh, see?
You can see.
Even when our polls are simple, they don't get it.
Now that's a little bit complicated.
A talking head is somebody who's like a guest on the TV, like on the CNN, NMSNBC, and Fox, and CNN,
and all of a sudden they're in Face the Nation, and Face the Wall, and grab it and eat the press.
By the way, here, Wesley Clark was great.
I mean, the press.
If you saw me the press, which Wesley Clark, then you'd know.
Then I would know.
And Tim Russell, when I was red, that ruddy complexion.
I wonder if he's really a Mr. Ruddy.
He's ready from a network, you think?
No.
What is it talking head?
So there's your answer, John.
It's somebody who's like a chronic guest who's on all the time.
Puh, puh, puh, puh, puh, either plug in their book or whatever, you know.
But there's always on there.
I thought it was like David Byrne and Tina Waymuth.
121 votes and coders got 76% 92, and they don't want to see you no more.
They hate your ass, okay?
And the rest of you two did not too crazy about.
They're disgusted and nauseated.
Go Marlin!
Let's all jump on the bad wagon.
They love the Marlin.
Come on, let's watch House of Photo.
Once again, shows it's true Fony colors.
Gotta be the most Fony, Bolognese sports found.
Atlanta's right in there too.
They don't support the brave.
They're spoiled.
They win a damn division every year.
So they're spoiled and they have thousands of empty seats, even if they play off games.
What do you think?
Are they going to sell off the playoff game, Scott?
What's that?
Am I going a little bit too fast for you, Scott?
Sure.
Oh, anybody doesn't understand.
Scott Jr. is Scott Ferell's illegitimate, the son, by a private relationship.
Do you think that they're going to sell out the playoff games against the Giants at PP Stadium right down the road there?
No.
Really?
Yeah.
Scott Jr. predicts that Marlins will not be selling out those games.
If that's the case, I'm taking me a vacation in October.
I'm telling you that right now.
I'm going to take some time off.
If they do sell them out, I'm still taking the...
I can't believe...
I cannot believe that the book is coming out October 16.
Look on the calendar, George.
Lift up that page back there so George can see the calendar in October.
Okay, see that?
Yeah, and...
It's part of my psychic powers again.
I never looked up to see what the other numbers are coming out.
No, you didn't.
But I'll be there because South Florida depends on Old Neal on crusty, old ancient Neal.
See, the good news is I got to hump her around as long as I hang around.
She's too much older than I am.
She never talks about us age, but we do.
Because he...
I don't think he really cares, do you?
I think we talked about the age.
Wait, huh?
No, only women care about their age and weight.
Yeah, only vain, silly or women care about their age and lie about it.
A real man doesn't lie about his age until people in the media that he's in his mid-50s
when it turns out he's pushing 60 and in June of this past year was 59,
almost as much of an old fart as me, and like I said, hangs a few months older than me.
But one thing that Hank and I both have, mode that you don't, is numbers.
Is an audience, listeners, plus most of the people in the building like us.
But at least some.
See, and I'll take part of the credit for that too, as long as I'm panting myself on the back.
Jesus, I gotta be like an acrobat.
Look at that, with both hands I'm panting myself.
I'll get you a stick.
Huh, yeah.
Hands on a stick.
For rehabbing Hank, because Hank had become a really surly crusty old fart
in his first couple years of QAM before I came along.
And it's easy.
After we worked there about, what, three days?
We began to understand why.
No, certainly because of Phyllis and Scrooing and all the lying in the Greg Read business
and it would be, and Hank had become really almost out of control over the line.
Surly.
And I kind of like ripped him an ass on the year one day.
And since then, he's like taking a whole different attitude about,
he's got the Near Rogers outlook just like the mad dog business.
Now it's the three of us against the world.
More pay, less work, you know, and screw all the rest.
That's our attitude, right?
A ride.
You got it.
Now George would like that.
He's got that attitude too except for the more money part.
Yeah, I'm still working on just pay and work.
And Scott Jr. there.
Oh, what's her?
He, what's her?
Is he a TV talking at?
He's not a TV talking.
Hey, you don't get it.
That's why we're not getting any responses.
They don't understand what that means.
Jesus, Scott, are they stupid or what?
We're a sports radio 560.
QAM.
It's been short.
You will now.
Introducing new notes.
It's 11.44 at 5.60 WQAM.
A lot of calls on here.
I have the way to do it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
I'm not sure if you're going to get it.
Anyway, anyway, this Thursday, huh?
Anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway, this Thursday, huh?
I think that was just a tip for bringing the sandwiches.
Probably that was that maybe he's just giving the tip for delivering them sandwiches.
Joe Kastello this Thursday the second of noon at Riva Yamaha 3671 North-XI Highway in Pompo-do Beach.
Are there any white people living there?
No, Pompo-do Beach.
No, Pompo-do Beach.
Yeah.
I mean, I know you crossed the railroad tracks there, but the car keeps there and makes you highway.
I hit the old Hershey highway myself.
Information's available on our website on eawarters.com if you didn't get this.
This Thursday the only problem is it doesn't have any time.
Say, I don't want to start picking on Miguel, but it doesn't have any time when he's going to be there.
Oh, Ed Noon.
Yes, he does.
My bad.
Ed Noon.
And I'm assuming he'll be there as long as people keep showing up with some cash.
It's a tough year to try to raise money for charity boys and girls, so please help us out.
You're helping out a band of pair rest you.
It's a great charity and helping out them little twigs and cans and weasels and stuff.
So into those bubbleheads to come out.
Come on, you may come out of a normal can.
Correct.
Ask.
That's where he's going to have to pull him from.
I'll go into that.
Oh, you think you can sell 2500.
I mean, when he said that, I just about dropped the instrument right on the floor in the phone too.
Like, oh, yeah.
Well, let me, let me put my hands to my head here like a Crescan.
You know, like the famous, uh, whatever the hell he was, bag.
And let me see if I can figure out.
Oh, yeah.
2633 is the number you're going to sell, Norma.
Well, what is that?
Do I think they're going to sell 2500?
Like if they sold about 10 of them, then he can turn around and blame me.
What you told me you thought you could do it.
If you would have just been more enthusiastic about it on the air and taken away from all the time,
you're plugging another damn thing.
The answer norm very succinctly, a very easy word with some people understand not as many as need to,
but the answer is no.
No.
No.
9, 10.
They can sell about 10.
Get out of my life, Norma.
Okay, you make me miserable.
I hear the sound of his voice.
And it's always...
I'm sure you must know people that when they call you, they always sound like...
down.
You know what I mean?
Like, and just from the sound of your voice, you assume it's something like the end of the world.
Like something really negative is coming.
And it's just, it isn't anything special.
It's just they always have that negative sound.
You know what I mean?
No, I gotta say I don't have anyone like that in my life.
Well, I give Norm your home number.
Or any that.
Or maybe he just really a part of him understands that I get really nauseous.
I get physically ill when I hear the sound of his voice.
Maybe he understands that.
Just don't bother me, Norma.
Okay?
Wonderful job.
Obviously, go stick to being a lawyer.
Okay?
And quote with all this other bull crap with your ball playing stuff and your charity stuff.
Just go away.
Maybe OJ will help raise you some money.
Is there an answer for that idea?
How about some OJ bubblehead dolls?
They'll be big.
I guarantee they'll be bigger than most.
Absolutely.
Oh man.
Miami Arts Dice.
I better take some calls before I get all these stories.
I've got a lot of bedtime stories.
It's like, uh, Dizzy Ruel over again.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay, I have an ambition for your list.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, Laura Abram.
Yo, excellent.
Another right-wing bitch.
And I have one guy too.
I don't know if he's qualified, but George Will.
He's on everything and we can listen to him anymore.
Yeah, but he's a talking head.
I mean, Laura Ingraham, to me, she's even worse than Ann Calder early.
Yeah, she's a body freeze.
Look, she's just slapped the side of her head with a baseball bat.
Yeah, she's got this new book out called something about stop talking, start singing.
You know, again, hiding behind the national anthem.
Well, once you got to start doing that.
Yeah, right?
Thanks a lot, Cal.
Good one.
Okay, take care.
You too.
Yeah, that's a good one.
You know who that is.
Yep.
And you'll notice that most of the names I'm glad he gives you, as well, because we've got to put some men on there, at least a little bit.
Mm-hmm.
But let's see.
Joe Scarborough.
Now, see, these are, there's a difference between somebody who's an actual host as obnoxious of these people.
Joe Scarborough, Michael Savage, they can't him, didn't they?
They already schmitt can't him.
Long time ago.
Everyone on Fox News and it's got the X in the shape of a swastika, very good artwork.
Not to be confused with actual journalism.
And you are absolutely correct.
But we can't put those three kilometers.
They're not talking heads.
They're like hosts or whatever.
See, there's a difference.
There's a difference between somebody who's got like a regular show.
See, if I would have just said, who do you pray you'll never see on TV again?
Anytime soon, like in the next 100 years.
See, but that's not the question.
Because then, then we could add a list of what are going on on and on and on, right?
Okay.
So that's what I should have worded it.
No, I don't want to do that.
That's easy, man.
It's slim pickens.
It's easy.
It's like saying, like, what's your favorite group of them, the Beatles and the Doors and the
Stones?
It lets up.
And yeah, we should let Led Zeppler off.
Well, what differences do they make?
Do you think that would have changed us on 155?
Oh, it's so important.
It is important, man.
Don't be, don't be denigrating our polls.
Our polls are like the meat and potatoes now.
Earth shaking.
Right.
World bending.
Can't you feel it?
I can feel it all the way up here in Toronto.
I feel Earth shaking.
Well, that must be people getting nervous because the hockey season is going to start on October
11th and at least they're going to suck big time.
Man, are they pathetic or what?
You got Ken Clee and Brian Marchment, huh?
You can write it on a piece of parchment that they got old Brian Marchment.
And I do mean old.
Ken Clee, another old, a hack.
At least they got rid of Joni Hogan.
Now, what is that one that's got, like, all those are questioned.
Oh, I see.
It says Cleveland, not Aaron.
He hasn't even got on hold yet.
Here we, Pennsylvania.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Love your show.
Listen to it every day online.
All right.
Yeah.
Hey, I got to have a nice luck wing bitch to go with the right wing bitches.
How about Susan Estrogen Estrich?
Oh, yeah.
She makes me a little bit more into my stomachs.
There's something about just the way she talks.
She's always spitting when she talks.
Yeah, that and it sounds like she smokes three packs of cigarettes every time she comes on the TV.
Yeah, she could get a for-rowler run for his money.
Good choice, Counting.
Thanks a lot.
All right, thanks.
Have a great last night.
E-S-T-R-I-C-H.
Got it.
As an ostrich, only Estrich.
As a C-H.
You know the C-H, which kind of reminds you like,
You might mention my name's a right class of girls.
Only she's a Jew bitch.
Susan Estrich.
Bitch.
5,670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
We got the, when we just doubled our total anyway,
we started with three names and then we're all the way up to six.
Ooh.
That this rate.
At this rate, by the end of the show, we might have about a dozen.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, do you know how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I got two people for your poor, but I don't know if they qualify.
How about Conn, the least, Conn, the least of rice?
No.
Not a talking head.
She's a head of a...
Go ahead.
And what about Johnny Talkin'?
Yeah, he's a talking head.
He's an everything, dude.
Yeah.
Thanks, Ballin.
Have a great day.
Johnny Cochran's a talking head.
Although I haven't seen him like that.
You know who else?
You know who else we oughta put on there since we're putting the OJ people?
Every time there's a DNA thing, or is it with like the...
Very...
Very...
Yes.
...dreck.
Very sh...
You know something?
You know, I hate to admit this, but I use certain words so much for people's names like Todd Dreck.
Right.
That...
Me too, right.
The real name is gone.
You taste me alive, right?
The real name you have to stop and think for a couple minutes to think that his name is really Greck.
Wouldn't you be like him, Bear Ass, especially to be Jewish, and your name is Dreck?
Although it is...
Oh, Jewish?
You know, Jewish and packaging.
Huh?
No.
Or you would be a shame to be Jewish.
No, I'd be proud.
I'd wear a hoodie.
Hi.
Big as a hubcap.
Happy New Year, by the way, George and Scott, we got a couple of goi-am in there.
Happy New Year to you, too.
Yeah, I don't celebrate.
Speaking of anyone, soon enough for me.
Okay, so when you get to be an old far like this, you don't like try to like wind the years by real fast.
In fact, I'm going to redo the calendar.
This is the year 16, I think.
Very Shek, S-H.
You know what the S-H stands for?
ECK.
Very Shek, he's a full of Dreck.
Man.
No, he's another walking-at-ferantism.
We got to do that poll again one of these days soon, you know?
Which one of these people is the biggest walking-at-ferantism?
Jerry Seinfeld.
Jolly Berman.
We did that not that long, wasn't it?
Friend Resher.
Yeah, the Nanny.
Ooh.
Very Shek, without huge knives.
Speaking of stereotypes and lawyers and whatnot.
What's the other cowboy lawyer spend for your spend?
Oh, what else is in Jerry's Spence?
That's with the G, by the way, the Jerry G-E-R-R-Y.
Jerry Spence.
Got it.
Yeah, he's...
What the hell was he on at one time and over?
Whenever I was talking about the chat counting was going on.
Back through any election.
Nice polo, Ty, Jerry.
And he doesn't say anything.
And then I went out and bought his OJ book a couple of years ago
after everybody else had written an OJ book.
And I read about how many of them...
About third man.
And he didn't say a goddamn thing.
I read the whole thing from cover to cover.
Didn't say anything.
And I thought to myself, what a freaking waste of eyesight.
Sounds like a good lawsuit to me.
Four minutes to learn we got...
Oh, that's George Willsgot one already.
But he does like baseball.
He's a cubs fan.
That's one reason we ought to be really lamenting the fact
that comes from the division just to piss off George Will.
We hate you, George.
Okay? You're right, winged little weasel.
That's what he is.
He's a freaking little weasel is what he is.
Laura Angroom.
And these other names will go on there momentarily
as soon as Eric puts down his pastrami sandwich.
Oh my God.
This is sports radio bicycle.
You am.
Oh, this is Pope John Paul Lent.
And if he asks me, the only thing more fun than playing
grab ass with this weasel guy is the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Oh.
I was standing there one day not thinking I was dying
from being able to break digital, digital.
I should never keep being down on a big back must be trapped inside my bowels.
How can you've done from the fact that parts?
You're the least but your doctors in.
Now my heart stops.
You schwarz at sign eyes for my intestines out.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami
with the kind of service you've been in this town.
I would have to leave tomorrow if I didn't eat that crap I swallow.
Why can't you lend me so you can ask?
Why can't you lose us?
Get it right.
Five foul over block inside my hiding can make my kids go out.
It's good.
It's good.
It's good.
They're dropping like flies I'm telling you.
12-0-2-5 60.
I would say that the last when did he die more a few months ago?
Maybe three.
I would say that the last six months has been the worst flurry of celebrity deaths.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Anyway speaking of good golly Miss Molly this Polar California is enough to make you crap your pantaloonies.
The new poll see in any USA today Gallup poll released yesterday.
63% now say they vote yes on a recolor governor Davis and only 35% said no.
But in a separate vote to choose to be placement Arnold Schwarzenegger was the choice of 40% of respondents.
I know.
Once again we're on the verge of the Republican Party subverting the will of the elect,
which is like the two thousand of the presidential election in Florida and other than the same thing at California.
Democratic lieutenant governor Cruz Busdemonti who's got the personality of a fruit fly was the choice of 25% of the voters pulled.
Republican state senator Tom McClintock received 18%.
Green Party candidate Peter Kamehau 5% and Arianna Huffington puffing in with 2%.
How do you like that?
It says if the poll is an indication of what will happen in the October 7 election Schwarzenegger could win even if his remaining major Republican rival Bill McClintock stays in a race.
Tom whatever his name is Tom.
Unfreaking believable the idea.
Let's see Schwarzenegger and Davis have invited debate on CNN's luricking live.
Davis had ever quite a formally challenged him to debate Friday accepted the Schwarzenegger campaign declined.
Why should we debate when all we have to say is, uh, I still have East that baby.
I still have LA Times had a great editorial yesterday, which I didn't print out, but.
And I talked about the idiotic, you know, you couldn't do a little bit better than this.
All day it's time to terminate the governor and I still have East that baby and the public says, yeah, that's our guy.
Yeah.
Wow, unfreaking believable.
So in other words, if the Republicans lose election, what they'll do is they'll get some right winger with a lot of money to put up a couple of million dollars or more.
And then they'll have a get all those signatures on the petition and we'll have another vote.
But guess who they want to run now to Republicans?
I give up somebody who thinks that he's very funny and the Monday night football thought he was very funny to the smeller.
Oh, good.
How could you guess that?
See how Scott, uh, how Scott he is sharp?
I already.
That was the first thing that came to my head as soon as you said that one hit you didn't even say.
In the LA Times Arnold Schwarzenegger, maybe the latest celebrity of Transformers Self and Mercantidate for our California office.
But if some Republican political operatives have their way, he won't be the last.
The comedian Dennis Miller, who's about as funny as cancer of the toenail, is being talked about apparently seriously as a Republican candidate for a statewide post, they're going to get all the right wingers out there.
Man, too bad the duke died.
You know what?
God.
Yeah.
How about Chuck Heston?
I'm just thinking that.
You probably forget the vote.
He's got a couple of years left in him.
No.
He's got Michael Moore's foot in him.
Yeah.
Deep inside his back.
As the comedian is being talked about apparently seriously three Republican strategists interviewed this past week of said they want to draft Miller into politics, want a prominent Republican operative and Schwarzenegger A who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that once the recall election is over, he plans to recruit Miller to challenge Barbara boxer for the US Senate.
See, next year, is he got any chance?
No.
That's what I'm pretty confident about.
No chance.
But Arnold, see, I mean Dennis Miller is a lightweight.
He's a simple.
He's not even really all that popular, especially after that debacle in my knee and football when I had a blow his ass out.
You see that?
I saw it.
I'm bored with a big bicycle pump.
Miami Arts dies.
He settles abuse case.
They paid its first settlement in more than two dozen local molestation lawsuits filed since the Roman Catholic Courage Abuse scandal broke last year.
The church paid a half a million dollars to resolve the case of a teenager who accused the priest of molesting him at a nursing home.
The boy who was 11 at the time accused the Reverend Trevor Smith of fondling him four years ago during visits to the boy's ailing grandmother at the Villama Rea nursing and rehab center in North Miami.
Smith is denied the allegations.
Church officials in the statement admitted no negligence in the case.
Based on the advice of our legal counsel and factory in the cost of protracted litigation, the arts dices decided to resolve this matter without further ado.
The court said that the court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
The court was not a legal lawyer.
I'm not saying that there aren't exciting games.
But when you play 162 games out of the year, you know, the old saying,
If you throw enough crap out of the year, some will come down and hit the ground.
That's baseball.
162 freaking games.
Season goes on forever.
It says for a deeper insight into the American psyche, consider the sports that are low at the most.
This is CNN, by the way.
Certainly not news.
Number one on the list by far is dog fighting.
Is that a sport?
No.
Hated or disliked a lot by 81% of the public credit were pulled connected by the sports marketing group in Atlanta.
See, they got upset in Atlanta when for always doing a game in Atlanta.
The trashers were losing 9-0-1 night and he said some,
Ah, the trashers are taking it up the butt tonight.
That was the kind of thing that got them a little bit upset, you know.
Which I think is, he was right on target.
They were taking it up the butt.
But I guess the National Hockey League probably doesn't look kindly.
For example, I could imagine Bill Hewitt saying the Leafs are taking it up the butt tonight.
In fact, that's not a little like Bill Hewitt.
Have you ever seen him and Gellie together?
No.
See, Gellie, I was thinking about him this morning.
You know what word defines Gellie the best?
I give up.
Torp.
It's like six feet tall.
No, no.
Torp doesn't have to be little.
A little.
A little torp is a little torp like a little dwarf.
Oh, Torp.
He looks the part.
He sounds the part.
I like tick a lot.
See?
Torp.
I mean, that doesn't make him a bad guy necessarily.
Of course, he's been put in that position by Moe.
Moe put him in like kind of a between Iraq and a hard place.
Number two is pro wrestling.
Number three, bullfighting.
There's more than Americans who haven't been to Span America before.
We've heard him and we don't get.
Never see him.
Apparently, don't want.
So for all of these things, they're either not sports or illegal.
Or a country or even a American.
Where the hell is there bullfighting in America?
Oh.
So this is stupid, man.
We'll do our own tomorrow.
We'll do a hell of a lot better in this crap.
Pro wrestling is a show.
Right.
It says more than half the nation can't stand the side of overmuscle showmen slamming each other around the ring fake or not.
Then there's pro boxing.
See, I like that.
That's good.
That's a good sign.
There you go.
Number four, load by 31.3% of the public.
Need to be seen more than Mike Tyson and Don King.
Yeah.
It's a smarmy, scummy, violent, pointless thing other than to beat the bash the brains of somebody else.
And it appeals to the same kind of thing that QAM appeals to.
This make me more of a man kind of thing.
You know what I mean?
This masculine macho.
Oh, did you see the fight?
Every real man saw the fight, you know, over the weekend.
Who gives a crap, you know, other than Scott and other guys who like have very small penis and have like an inferiority complex about it.
See, I have a very small penis, but I don't have an inferiority complex.
One thing about being a fag, it doesn't really make all that much difference.
How big your penis is.
Unlike being heterosexual, where it makes a big part in the pun, a big difference.
See, that's why all the straight cars are popping a vagra.
Like crazy.
Have you seen the vagra spot?
I'm sure you have where the guys are like jumping up in the air, jumping up and down.
No.
You haven't seen that?
Oh, it's on all the time.
They're jumping up in the air and one guy has pants and crack me.
Come on.
And you don't know what this spot is for.
It's like they just won a lottery for 50 million.
And no, they've got to just prescribe vagra.
Oh, yeah, you haven't seen that spot?
No.
I see.
1227 at 560 WQM.
Hey, if you're trying to get it down, not up.
Me talking about your weight.
Balance for life is the answer for you.
A lot of people out there getting great results with it.
Everybody who's fat, believe me, I trust me when I tell you, I know from experience.
As tried just about every weight loss, gimmick under the sun.
This isn't a gimmick, it's not a fad.
It really is based on the zone diet, all the principles thereof.
And they prepare all the delicious fresh food for you.
There's nothing frozen.
Nothing frozen.
Nothing artificial, no chemicals, no preservatives, no additives, no crap.
And believe you, me, when you open your little black sac, you'll agree immediately.
There's plenty of food in there to keep you full all day long and keep you on a straight and narrow path.
You'll see results on the scale within just a matter of days like the beast.
Somebody needs to slap him on the side of his bald head, by the way, and get him really gone.
A pound of weight isn't going to be enough, beast.
You fat tub.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are right in a little black sac, and they deliver it right to you,
no matter how lazy you are.
This is perfect.
They deliver right to your door each and every morning.
You pick your menu out between two choices for each meal every day, you faxed in the menu, and that's exactly what you get.
Like I said, there's plenty of food in there to keep you satisfied, so you won't be snacking and cheating all the time,
which is why most people fail on diets.
So if you're tired of being lethargic, diabetic, or on a verge of it, out of shape, a fat pig,
here's the answer that you've been looking for.
Balance for life. It's working for a lot of our people.
Call them today.
9.5.4.5.6.8.3.2.29.
What do you got to lose except that unhealthy fat?
9.5.4.5.6.8.3.2.29.
Or visit them on the web, balanceforlife.com.
My, my, and locals.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't no way.
This is like Stasi on numero uno.
Thank you, buddy.
And me on e.
With me, Bobo, dita.
It's a good day.
Don't feel too bad.
And then the Lord said,
Let there be light.
And lo, there was light.
From the same people who brought you the much beloved talking Bible,
comes a new 10 volume set, brilliantly updated for the eighties.
Yes, it's the wrapping Bible.
There was dark everywhere in the message.
And the light was there.
He said, I done good.
There's no doubt on the seventh day.
He just chill out.
Genesis.
Genesis.
Beginning of that.
Beginning of this.
Finally, the good book is there.
And here's where it is.
Check it out.
There's a town called Sotten.
And the war.
Everybody's body's like no tomorrow.
God looked down, said, now my fault.
Don't look back or you turn to soul.
Let's wipe it to the peak.
Start it to freak.
The town came up and laid fresh.
Take a lick, y'all.
A lachit, y'all.
Imagine all the songs, all the parables,
every sacred, difficult word,
interpreted by the finest second in seed of all time.
Genesis.
Exodus.
Deuteron.
The wrapping Bible, making his word fresh again.
Here's one that says you may not agree,
but Katrina Van Den Hovel,
for our list.
Is that the chick from the nation?
I don't know.
Yeah, that's right.
I never see her.
I've never seen her.
Okay, Brad, she's on here, man.
Thanks, Brad, whoever you are.
Katrina Van Den Hovel.
I thought that she was very popular with this crowd.
Didn't she own of her other pools?
Her name came up before.
I don't remember what for.
Something that you would like to nail to the wall
and have a gang bang with somebody like that.
I don't know what she looked like.
Is she old, young?
I don't know.
Wouldn't it be great to tie up Laura Ingraham and Anne the
coder, just five, six, seven, oh five,
60, pound, five, 60 on a gate TNT.
Oh, look at this.
Well, we're really begging now.
We're on our hands and knees.
And we're not going to be doing a bottle head doll
for any other charities.
We have one charity this year that I selected.
And I'm very proud of it.
And that's what we're working on.
Okay?
And exclusively here on New York Ranges,
you're on QM.
Maybe you can get somebody else to work on it
or the thing for them, huh?
Like.
Oh, maybe like the big somebody like that.
Maybe like Dave Galuli.
What's that guy's name?
The Galuli man?
What's his name?
Jeff Galuli from the Tonya.
No, no, the guy in a weekend.
Oh, oh.
The girl, they've got the Gurgley man.
Yeah, Dave Gurgley.
The Gurgley man.
Anybody ever heard anything so ridiculous?
Oh, God, the Gurgley man.
Only on QM, can we put somebody on here,
called the Gurgley man.
What does he do for a living?
Gurgles.
Gurgles.
Like that.
Kind of like Sonny used to do.
Rest in peace.
In addition for Thursday,
first five people will stop by to get their best
of Neal Merchandisekitt,
a pair of tickets to see Alice Cooper on Friday
to Pompano Beach amphitheater.
Not to be confused with that toilet up there
in West Palm, that's out there in the middle of Injana's Valle.
What?
What?
What do you think you just read?
The Pompano Beach amphitheater?
Oh, the Pompano.
I thought it was the same thing they call it an amphitheater.
I'm sorry.
I had that in mind as I was reading this,
I was looking ahead.
See, I know that comes as revolutionary,
but like when you're on the air like this
and you're reading, you read ahead.
You read ahead a little bit.
You know, your eyes are scanning ahead.
In addition for Thursday,
the first five people will stop by to get their best of Neal Merchandisekitt,
a pair of tickets to see Alice Cooper on Friday at the Pompano Beach amphitheater.
You know Pompano Beach,
home of Pompano Park racetrack?
Yes.
That Pompano Beach.
What else is in Pompano Beach?
A lot of wind more?
I, a lot of old people.
Right.
So we got 26, 5, 30 for a band and pair rescue so far.
I think in the next couple of days by the weekend,
we should be like pushing the 30,000 mark.
We should hit about 30,000.
Yeah.
So if you think we're going to raise 100 this year,
we'll do it.
We will.
We'll just keep it going until we do.
That's a good idea.
There's no deadline on this.
We can keep going forever.
Right.
For months and months and months.
When we get 100,000, I'll say,
OK, now we'll take a rest for a day or two.
Here's a call from beautiful Crawl Springs.
Hello.
Yeah, what is George going to come on at closet?
In about a week and a half.
As soon as you hop in,
he's coming out already out here.
Here's for a lot of deal.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
How are you?
I'm OK.
Listen, I have an unusual proposal for you.
Yeah.
And I'm quite serious about it.
Yeah, I'm sure.
I can tell.
I can tell.
I made two charities, you know,
you didn't have one last year.
But I give, you know, $100, $200, whatever.
Yeah.
And Gregory is always talking a good game.
If you can get me two sweet tickets,
I'll pay $1,000 to Van and Bet Rescue.
Plus the cost of those tickets.
What does that mean?
Two sweet tickets for one.
There will be a QAM as a luxury box.
Yeah.
And for what?
For what event?
For a dolphin game?
For Marlin Game...
What's the fun?
Specifically for the third game of the Giant Marlin's Playoff game.
Yeah.
And I suppose you have to check with him.
See if that's not...
See if that's OK.
But if you want a little more,
I'll give him a little more.
And he always wants a little more.
Well, OK.
Yeah.
I think I might better idea.
Why not just write on the check for $1,000 to Van and Bet Rescue?
Sounds like a good idea to me.
$5670560.
$560.
See, I never...
I don't play that game.
I will not play that game.
It's like people I want to get...
I think God.
Commercial plugs in every time we do a charitable thing.
We got a whole bunch of...
Oh, well, we'll give 2% of our proceeds.
If you'll give us a bunch of free plugs.
Any answers always?
No.
No.
We would need a staff to accommodate all the hair-brained ideas that they come up with for us.
Right.
They do for them for charity.
If this guy really believes that strongly and wants to help that much,
which I appreciate if that's the case, well, great.
Write on a check.
$1,000 made to a Van and Bet Rescue.
Send it to us.
You send it directly to them.
And you'll be doing something really worthwhile.
And you can have a smile on your face.
And go to Bet at night knowing that you really did something worthwhile in your life.
That would be great.
For $5,000 they can sit on your lap while you do the show.
No.
That...
That'll be next.
All depending on what they looked like.
And he certainly didn't qualify.
By the way, I noticed Miguel has got a lovely handwriting.
Have you ever noticed that?
Yeah.
He's got handwriting.
No, seriously.
He has probably got this lovely...
Lovely.
Lovely.
This is the fact he can do it.
It's still chicken scratches.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm not being facetious.
I'm being serious.
He's got really a good handwriting.
It's just surprising for like an illegal alien like him.
It looks like he wrote it with his feet.
No, it does not.
No, you're just jealous because he's got a really good handwriting.
And he's also people that have very good, very easy to read, neat handwriting.
And he does.
He's got a lovely handwriting and he's a lovely guy.
I'm not jealous.
He's got a lovely handwriting.
Maybe coming any month now in a few months.
Right.
And he was wife or doing it on that lovely actress from Dollar Mifers.
By the way, don't let me forget to mention that note that nice note we had from Tommy this morning.
Yeah.
Your friends at Dollar Mifers.
You got to talk to High Boy about that.
Yeah.
See if I can get in on that deal.
Yeah.
No, see if Tommy had any brains which he doesn't.
Otherwise, he wouldn't be walking around looking like that part of the time.
If he had any brains which I love Tommy, but he would have come to you and said,
would you intercede and you get involved with whoever you know over there?
And then they would have given you a hell of a deal.
Maybe that wouldn't even charge them.
Okay.
That's the way that Dollar Mifers takes care of my people.
As you know, and his Miguel knows.
Oh.
Where do you think Miguel made that new unwanted baby?
I mean, in fact, probably where you made an unwanted baby.
Well, let's put that in the spot.
A lot of unwanted babies being created on Dollar Mifers is all over the town.
All over America.
And people are having a good time doing it.
Not so handy with a exception convention and what's he laughing about?
Well, that's the first charge we had out of him in hours.
Oh, he's always fun.
He's always fun.
He's fun.
Sometimes he's funny things.
I see.
He was just trying to envision this.
No, because Miguel had a really sloppy crappy old Mifers before.
And he and his lady friend used to keep sliding off on the floor all the time.
Let me do it.
Now that I know where it is, let me do it.
There you go.
I love that.
I never thought it was in mine.
Yeah, I always thought it was in yours.
I'm like a kid with a new play.
They're dropping like flies, boys and girls.
They're dying all over the goddamn place.
Now, let's not just this, you know, those people that we had died over the weekend.
We shouldn't just pass on by like that.
Like it's not important.
We should spend a little bit of time.
It's not really significant.
Elias Kazan was not significant.
Death of a salesman's T-car named desire on the waterfront.
All right.
Let's go watch the movies.
Five at a place.
He staged one Pulitzer prizes for their authors.
In Hollywood, he won Oscars for directing gentlemen's agreement on the waterfront.
He also did a T-gro's in Brooklyn.
Film version of Streetcar named desire.
East of Eden splinter in the grass.
The face of the crowd in the last high-coon.
About Tiger Woods.
And you're making fun of Elias Kazan.
Well, they're making fun of it.
That would kept him awful.
He used to say every time we wanted to fly.
Kazan.
He used to put that cape on.
About 41 at 560.
I don't know.
I'm in coherent.
I must be coming on with it.
Oh, you're not.
Yeah.
I think maybe it's like stars.
I think we're going to have to go in quarantine next time I come back in town for about a week.
Quarantine.
I'm going to have to go into quarantine.
18 to 1 a.m.
We got the mad dog coming up into a clock.
If you're working in a really crappy job and if your paycheck is an embarrassment.
If you're going nowhere, if it's like you're on a treadmill with your life and you're just spinning your wheel.
Here's the answer.
Get you a high-paying career before the end of the year.
Pick up that instrument right now and call fast train.
We've been telling you about these people for a long time.
What are you waiting for?
Call 1-866 fast train.
They can really honestly and truly have you trained and certified before years end.
Because the demand for computer professionals.
Well, there's no way to incite.
So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career.
And the big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
Fast train offers job placement assistance.
Convenient to evening weekend schedules.
And with six Florida locations, including four in South Florida.
That's with an F. There's about to be one nearby you.
Fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify as well.
So call fast train today and get out of your dead end job.
No excuses for sitting on your ass anymore.
Working for peanuts.
Get a real big income.
Call 1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train or check them on the web at fasttrain.com.
My life and love.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't who I am.
Oh.
Brave young men who shaved their chests.
All right.
Brave 3M.
Two mouth-baked breasts.
Rim their neck with burning pain.
So they can be winged for a day.
With wig placed upon their head.
Smooth my long legs and a slutty dress.
Roo's got their cheese and body spray.
Now they're ready to play.
Winged for a day.
Ow!
Stumbling out in five inch runs.
You go hobbling about the clothes.
Oh, in the home of getting laid.
So they can feel like a queen for a day.
Meeting friends at the capital rain.
Or did you leave Garland?
I'm not going to have a baby.
Have okay.
This meant like this.
So feminine, babe.
Holding on the stage.
Winged for a day.
And counter-five.
A trunks horse man.
Who says, hey, baby.
I want to be your man.
Grab the cloth.
Let me hold some flame.
It's a day to play.
With a queen for a day.
Oh, 1247 at 560 WQ AM.
Happy Monday to you.
We got the Marlins and Giants tomorrow afternoon.
What time is that all that festivity start?
Marlins on deck 330 to game is at 406.
406, you got it?
Yep, no.
And then we're actually carrying the braves and the cubs tomorrow night at 830 for me.
Why is that?
I thought that's at the braves.
It's got to be.
They had the big record.
So why would that be at 830?
Prime time game.
Really?
Yep.
And we have the 10th inning playoff special with Len Casper and Tommy Hutton at 730 tomorrow night.
What the hell is that?
I must be some other skim.
We're making extra money from what a playoffs.
Nice going, guys.
Tommy Hutton is good, by the way.
He's very good.
So here's the facts that you just forwarded to me from Sean who just won't get you.
I'm going to give up.
It says George, misspelled George.
If you threw my 80 page facts away and just forwarded my cover page kneeled and shame on you.
Shame on you, George.
You militant little spick.
You gov all of them gooseball.
It was a six page fact and facts.
And I found it interesting as well as flowing with your beliefs on our democratic system.
Before you throw this away, do me a favor and read it.
And then make a choice to forward to kneel.
Now let me just give Sean an idea what the George is going to forward the other six pages or however many it is.
Because at the bottom of this copy, it's George wrote and the asshole sends it again.
So I think that's what we're making.
Yeah, excellent.
So I think I should give you a pretty idea that he's not going to send it again.
And if it already underlined, see, I'm not one of those who believes in just preaching to the choir all the time.
If it was something new and revelatory, whatever that all that means, then maybe something really shocking, then maybe.
Or maybe like maybe just the website where I could find it.
Right.
Or like first page, which we've spoken about at length.
Right.
But sending that whole thing again is outrageous and just unacceptable.
I mean, I'm sure your intentions might have been good, although at this point one has to really wonder.
Don't you wonder?
No.
I'm convinced.
But to send a whole thing again is certainly outrageous.
Yeah, see, even he knows it.
560.560.
How is the poll coming?
They're not into this poll too much.
That's okay.
Which TV talking head you pray never to see again.
See, they don't really understand what that means.
And anybody who doesn't understand what a talking head is in this day and age when your major news networks are just inundating with the same old talking heads over and over.
It's kind of sad.
Punic.
And the fact that Arnold is open up a huge lead in California.
That's even more than kind of sad.
That's pathetic punitive.
It's unbelievable.
Wags.
No, they're not in business anymore.
I like wags though.
They're better in sandbows.
They're in Denny's.
Another one with a sandbos.
Better than Denny's.
So was eaten out of a dumpster.
Sandbows was great.
Uh, sandbows was great.
Yeah, it was.
What about lumps?
Yeah, they were good.
We're going to go through this again.
We've done this a million times.
Stop with the food.
I already know I'm getting for lunch.
I need my chicken, my muts have all soup for my throat, right?
To work off his little bit of a cold that may or may not blossom the order.
It's a little blossom.
How's David?
What's his name going?
If that was his name?
Charvet.
No.
And colder 146.
Gloria already 31.
It's not even close.
And they hate you.
They wish you would die.
A wicked nasty death.
They wish that all sorts of new things would crawl into your hole.
Okay.
Things that are already in their festering and rotting.
Oh, God.
Like that gunnery.
A pus.
And colder 146.
Gloria already 31.
Johnny Cochrane 26.
Eight.
Well, I got to put my glasses on.
Everyone noticed that six and eight from about five yards away looked the same.
Nancy Grace 14.
George Will 5.
Very Shek.
Was full of drachies got three.
Baby Cannon 3.
Katrina Van Dythman, who will appear.
Susan Eftridge has a marginal pair.
She is a sitting ed for anti-semitism.
She knows you.
You ever seen her?
No.
Really?
Really?
Oh, you know exactly what I'm talking about.
She makes the nanny look like a run of the mill.
I hate these talking heads.
The puns.
Gloria Ingrams got only one which I'm just astonished by.
Jerry Spence has one.
And we're not Goldberg.
He doesn't have any.
None.
He's got the big.
Right.
Just like Fox Sports Radio news in Miami.
He's got none.
Just like the Norma Cantjo on whatever a marginal make-believe station he's on.
The big O.
That thing about Stan Major.
Do you have any idea how revolting and scandalous that is?
Yeah.
It's one thing for somebody who would have a reason.
Sure.
To go on here.
Let's say Mo left the station and he went on another station.
Or like maybe he was talking with the people at Fox Sports behind our back and thought we wouldn't find out about it.
To rip me an ass.
Okay.
Because we have this conflict that's ongoing.
Or at least we used to till we bond and made up one to the zoo.
Even some in a group.
But for somebody that you bailed his ass out more times than you can count.
With cash and with other assistants and help to get him.
Who's the one that helped and believe me?
I regret it to this day.
Who's the one that helped him get the job at IOD when Mr. Eagle went off to New York to WABC for a few days?
The third man.
Neil Rogers got.
Right.
That's right.
Ungrateful ass hole is what you are Stan.
Ungrateful schmuck.
Okay.
You idiot.
God.
What a disgrace.
Right.
It's something for them to talk about I guess there's nothing else going on.
So let's just go on and rip Neil and ask.
Which is fine.
Doesn't really bother me other than who it's coming from.
See.
My ass has been replenished.
A lot of bad roads.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless.
Well, there's Robert Novak.
He'll be on Crossfire.
They had to put him in jail with his link about the CIA family, you know?
Right.
They had to put his ass in jail.
Not see son of a bitch.
And they right now they got their talking about it with Wolf Blitzkrieg on there.
I did it.
I think they've linked the comments and CNN co-host Robert Novak and they're promuluing
the fact they'll be on Crossfire this afternoon.
Oh my God.
You can't worry about our credibility on CNN because we certainly don't have any.
I'm certainly not news network.
Here's a lady in Viral Beach.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, I think I have a good candidate and he does account that in Longers since now they
gave him a show of his own.
My vote would be for Ann Colter.
I'm thinking of Dr. Phil.
Oh, no.
He shows up everywhere.
Does he really?
They have him.
They have they have they had him on the today show.
He's on all the talk shows.
But now I don't know if he if he if he counts any longer because he's now they gave him a show of his own.
I find him so detestable and even though he does have his own show if he's doing all of that other.
I'm going to put him on her.
I said we will put him on her just because he said to detestable obnoxious piece of crap.
And now he's got now he's got this diet book out.
You know, what the he's a fat he's a fat tub number one.
What makes him an expert to be writing a diet book?
I'm telling you he's just become the guru.
Yeah, it is a I can I can't even bear to listen to him.
And you know who we can thank for that.
Oprah.
Yeah.
I don't think she that was a mistake.
He is to Oprah.
What Ross Perot was to Larry King.
Well, you know how I heard he met him when he had that loss.
But there was that loss that going on in Texas.
The beef people.
Yeah, they're in the bad news somehow.
Somehow that's where they connected.
Pretty sad, isn't it?
I it is very sad.
You know what they say?
Bridge of a feather.
Break the public together.
Well, if he doesn't count, I my vote would go for Ann Coulter.
Like I said, he counts and we got him on her.
Thanks, we don't have a great.
Oh, he said we find Dr. Phil obnoxious and his diet book even more revolting even though I certainly wouldn't buy her reading.
That would be like me writing a diet book, you know, you could.
No, I could not.
You could write about her not to.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, that score that Brian's score.
I want to tell you.
Man, I know the score.
I'll tell you that right now.
I got a headache just thinking about it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound.
Oh, let me get back to this thing because I think we'll do it tomorrow.
But I still want to talk about it now momentarily.
This thing about the most hated sports.
We're not going to include dog fighting because dog fighting isn't a sport.
It's not even a game.
Right.
It's a redneck past.
Right.
This is so stupid, man.
But again, it's CNN.
There were disgrace.
You an embarrassment.
I hope you're all listening with the radio turned up.
We a lot of the CNN hero there in Miami because I know you are.
I don't want for the poll.
OK, dynamite fishing.
Yeah, it's another redneck sport.
Dynamite fishing?
Yeah, you never go on dynamite fishing, sir.
Not yet.
Not this week.
Well, maybe I'll go on Lake Ontario do some dynamite fishing.
Any other kind of fishing?
I hope I don't waste a day.
To the ice.
To the ice hole.
You'll like this, though.
I like it.
Pro boxing number four.
Number five.
The Gentile PGA, the Professional Golf Association,
Tour is the number five most hated dislike sport.
30.4% followed by the PGA Senior's Champions Tour.
The LPGA Tour, oh, I know what I'm playing next.
NASCAR, Major League Soccer and the ATP Men's Tennis Tour.
That's a lot of people who are hated dislike events.
It's sponsored back with Bidens and Bucks.
It says, and it goes out of sale.
My golf still turns off many Americans with its snooty country club image.
But three times as many black fans say they love or like the PGA Tour now compared to 19.
13.4%.
You want to know why?
Why?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Nah.
Nah.
Nah.
Just to give
I don't know what create
4,000 paychecks against about a buck. Same difference.
Anybody out there? No, I don't need to discuss it because John Davidson was the hockey
maven. He was on Leafs TV yesterday talking about that everybody on the team knew he
was going to be done this year and he may be done forever but he hasn't retired forever.
All he did was announce he isn't going to play this season. If you got it, if they're
not going to medically clear him, he can't play. This season after this season, 1258 at
2560 WQ and let me tell you, he ain't going to play this season after you want to know
why? Why? Because they're ain't going to be any. Think about that. Put that in your
pipe and suck it for a while. If you're looking for a great place to eat, put in your water
pipe and suck on it. If you're looking for a really great place for breakfast lunch,
you'd enter here, something new in South Florida but it was around a long time in my town
of Rochester. Vick and Irves. Since 1934, they were cooking those great white hots and all
they had the good stuff. Vick and Irves is on Federal Highway just south of Broward, Baltimore
and the tunnel on the east side. All you Rochesterians out there, you should be dancing
at Kizatsky right now because Vick and Irves is a flashback in time to what great restaurants
used to be before fast food crap. Who wouldn't enjoy a real burger or hot dog served hot
fresh and fast, including those Rochester white hots. Vick and Irves is brought to Fort
Lauderdale by the same guys, feeding you a cheaper, cheaper, Vick and Irves uses the
same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as cheaper, cheaper, and offers you an incredible quarter
pound hot dog. What a piece of meat that is to pop into your poost. And what makes Vick and Irves
different from anybody else in town is because their burgers and dogs are served with Vick's
signature meat sauce poured on top, giving you a combination of flavors available, no place
else in town. If you're looking for something else to try, Vick and Irves has got lots of
goodies on the menu. Great breakfast menu. I'm going to cook the order, French toast,
pancakes, all your favorite side dishes too. So if you're from Rochester or if you're
from Yannem's Vell, from Hungary no matter where you are, you'll love Vick and Irves. See
what all the talk is about, stop by on Federal Highway, just south of Vick and Bowe
Neal, Cincinnati, from Brighton, New York, from Maranda Coyd, from Canada, New York,
to Vick and Irves in Fort Lauderdale.
My big local, this is five cities, where you're the only one in the U.A.
If the one you do our...
New On Fox. From the producers of the OC comes a new
drama that you'll become obsessive compulsive about, introducing the OCD.
We need to get something straight. You want to break up with me?
No, I want you to help me straighten all the food items in my refrigerator.
I love you.
The OCD, its Fox Television's new number one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight,
nine, ten, show.
Oh, you have such a big, strong hands. Do you know what I want you to do with those
hands?
Watch them five times in a row with water that's exactly 111 degrees Fahrenheit.
In a counterclockwise circular motion? Yes, yes, yes.
So grab a nice cold beverage, sit back and enjoy the OCD.
But first make sure your cat isn't stuck in the refrigerator.
Ooh, I wonder if the cat just neat-knit again. Better check it again.
And again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again,
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, again,magic indicates which word has the devil of human capacity and his particular counts can be shifted due to facts and cortar, due to facts and
I've done it because it felt good at the time.
I didn't think about it and I didn't concern myself with my wife.
She just got boring so I got to run and around.
And I'm above reproach on that.
Alright.
If you want to chase women, you'll do it.
So what about Alan and Aaron here?
Okay, she's pregnant.
Do you want this marriage to work?
More than anything.
Are you willing to allow him to cheat?
Yeah, everything.
Alright.
Do you believe that you can look your fiance in the eye and say,
I want that instead of you and go do it?
Definitely.
And you get it.
You get women.
Yes.
Do it in front of her.
More with Alan and Aaron in just a moment.
He's climbing up the list.
Good time.
We had him.
He's got 17 votes already out of two 89.
Of course nobody's near Ann.
No, for stomachs.
He's got 280 to 167.
She's got 58%.
Glory all read 35.
Johnny's cock ring 34.
And Dr. Phil's moving to the fourth place, passing Nancy Grace,
like she was sitting still.
17 to 15.
And after that, single digits.
Oh, I remember the speaking of the media being sick and full of crap.
Yeah.
You remember a couple of years ago that we're telling us about this new invention
that was going to like just revolutionize the way we all are.
Yeah, the it.
No.
The segue.
Right.
Well, the maker of a segue human transporter has agreed to recall all the motorized scooters
because writers have been injured falling off on the batteries are low.
How do you like that?
I saw that coming.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the recall Friday saying that three people have been injured.
They just batteries would run low and they would fall right off.
One suffer the head wound and needed stitches.
The recall imposes about 6,000 of the single writer to wheeled scooters.
And see the interesting part of it is that's all of them.
Right.
The only soul said this was going to revolutionize everything, change our lives.
They cost around five grand.
And they travel all the way up to 12 miles an hour.
The school uses gyroscopes to keep it up,
making it less likely to fall or be knocked over.
But the reason for the recall, like I said, is every time the batteries would run low,
it was falling and etc.
Flopping over.
The company is offering a free software upgrade while segue plans to contact owners consumers also may call a company tool free.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi between eight and eight weekdays to obtain a free upgrade so that they won't keep falling over.
Every time the batteries get low.
So more real crap.
Yeah, she won't even revolutionize the way we lived.
It was going to be the biggest damn thing.
You know, some grave robber comes along and right within me, it's like the Ross Perot syndrome all over again.
You know, they just fall all over each other trying to like, you know,
get to grab an audience with someone and it's always a bull crap, you know.
Always a big scam.
I guess we spend up time on Ilya Kazan, right?
I guess.
He was 94.
That's certainly old enough.
Sure.
That's old enough.
94 sounds like to me.
We don't have any drops from like on the waterfront or anything.
Any drops?
Just that one.
He was at his home in Manhattan when he died.
Lawyer, a lawyer, a lawyer, a Lasky said she didn't give cause of death.
A genuine genius like this, she said he was one of the greats and he was.
Even though you have no no respect for Ilya Kazan.
That way, uh, was Shazam.
Yeah.
That was just a joke, amigo.
In Hollywood, he won ice cream.
Oscar's deferred directing gentleman's, I already read that.
He turned her writing in the 50s produced six novels, including several bestsellers in autobiography.
The first two novels, America, America and the arrangement also made into movies.
Oh, the arrangement.
That was great.
Even when I was a boy, I wanted to live three or four lives, he won't sit.
Well, if you divide 94 by three, you get about three lives.
Remember Herbert Filberg, I led three lives.
No.
Oh.
Well, what the hell do you know then?
Not much.
And also, Althien, who is the other one?
O'Donnell O'Connor.
See, our audience has no idea who that is.
Sit at our old farts like me and Bokka Brian.
He was singing in a range with Jean Kelly.
Remember that?
Right?
Hey, I hate musicals.
Boy, I don't care what anybody says about facts.
I must be the exception because man, oh man, I hate musicals.
I want to see a story.
I'm going to go to see a movie.
I want to see a story.
There ought to be a lot.
Funny story, depressing story, suspenseful, something.
I don't want to see people singing and dancing in the rain or anywhere else.
Only Rocky Horror, Wizard of Oz and South Park.
Okay.
And what about Song of the South?
Oh.
Remus.
Nah.
No, not me, maybe you.
Boy, you never saw Song of the South.
Oh, yeah, I saw it.
You saw it.
What reason?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
No, I don't think so.
You said Remus.
Black tennis pioneer dies, speaking of Remus.
Althia Gibson is sports pioneer who broke the color barrier in tennis in the 50s.
As the first black woman who went to Wimbledon and US National titles died yesterday, she was 76.
I see.
Let me just give you a little tip on how you view when ages when people die.
Okay.
When you're like Scott's age there and they say she was 76.
You know, oh, that's pretty old.
Right.
When you're George's age, you think you start thinking, well, 76, it's not like real, real.
And when you're my age, you start thinking, you know.
Oh, my God.
Right.
76.
Oh, when you're mose-age, absolutely.
I'm really proud of the fact that he whipped it out for it right there in the atrium.
I think it's a turning point.
Now we just have one more thing to let him to get him to let go of.
Take the let go of that weasel, right?
Maybe you can put it up for adoption.
Anybody want to adopt mose-wisel?
No.
People have a few of you getting it.
Well, I've got concepts needed out for you before you take it.
And you can turn it over to you for charity.
And there's the challenge, okay?
That's an excellent idea.
This is the near-roger's challenge to my close best personal friend, my zoom mate, Mohawar
David.
Because he's got more than one, as you know.
Right.
We'll have a wigathon.
Since he was so magnanimous as to promote our abandoned pet rescue in the best of it is Mohawar
Keeching.
Absolutely.
So that's my spy report that I got.
How about if he auctions off the Mohair pieces and all the proceeds go to a abandoned pet rescue?
That would be, I think that would like put him in a good graces, you know.
Sure.
So that when Scott blows him out, he winds up doing five to ten.
At that point, he'll leave with, you know, feeling better about everything.
And we'll feel better about him.
Anyway, Althea Gibson have been seriously ill for several years.
She died at East Orange General Hospital in Jersey, where she spent the last week.
She was the first black to compete in the U.S. Championships in 1950 and it wimbleed in 51.
However, it wasn't until several years later she began to win major tournaments, including the Wimble
and the Wimble and the Wimble and the Wimble and the Wimble and the Wimble and the Wimble
and like I said, Donald Locounter this audience don't know.
So you got, again, a trifecta, a three-footed, a price of one.
They're dropper-like flies, boys and girls.
It's an epidemic.
You had Catherine Hepburn, Gregory Peck, Morris Gibb, Donald Locounter, Althea Gibson,
Ilya Kazan, who might have even out.
Oh, and of course the John Ritter, Robert Palmer.
Just get it.
Johnny Kazan.
Johnny Kazan.
God.
Dropper-like flies.
There's a lot of death going on, man.
See, you better enjoy life while you can because after that, that's it.
Just step on a cockroach.
That's the life and death test.
Step on the roach.
It's a good idea before you smoke it.
Make sure it's not an irash tree in your car.
You'll get 10 to 20.
And don't forget Peggy Noonan.
Who's Peggy Noonan?
I don't know.
With their holier than now, smug attitude, chest like we aren't intelligent enough to get it.
Oh, the Comcast Technicians.
Hey, don't we love Comcast?
Hmm.
Who the hell?
What do I have?
Do I have Comcast Cable?
I'm not sure.
I don't know.
Actually, my cable is improved dramatically, so we do love the Comcast Technicians.
Plus, so they have nothing to do with if you get crappy service, don't blame them.
It says, we do love you.
We listen as often as possible.
Thank you, Comcast Technicians.
How do you like that?
So let's get Peggy Noonan on there.
I guess she's somebody.
That reminds me of that time, I'm on a plane.
I'm on a plane come up.
Here's a matter of fact.
And there's a woman and her husband, like in her 50s, I would say.
And they're on a plane.
And I notice she's like looking at me.
Okay.
And I can hear.
One thing I can't stand is people who are talking about you and they're talking loud enough for you to hear it.
You can't see anyone.
I mean, I know a lot of people do that.
I've got a kick out of that.
And she looks at me and she pointed.
And she posts her husband.
Isn't that somebody?
Oh, perfect.
Yeah.
And I went.
Yeah.
Just like that.
I fell right on the floor.
I said, aren't you somebody?
You're in the hole.
She's just pushed with your bike.
You way up.
All truth is.
So each time feels like the very first time.
If you're making love, you're going to be a good guy.
If you're in love to a foreigner, you'd better put one on.
Tourette's condom.
This is what you do all I will in our pool.
How many day get about seven vote?
Something like that.
Out of sight.
I saved the thing over here.
There are certain things that I save.
Yeah, they only had seven for foreigner.
It's a tough battle.
We're a lot of good groups in there.
I remember the fact we had Friday from some schmuck out there.
There are some other one of those negative nerds out there.
Oh, and you got so many crappy bands out there.
And you didn't even know what that little point was.
No.
Just being negative.
Just doing what's outflow to famous for.
FBI says the counter bomb in the body not linked.
I remember we talked about that body.
They were before they blew up.
I see.
They were kind of separated.
The man who police say helped a woman hide the body of a roommate in his freezer.
Wrote a suicide note in which he proclaimed his innocence in the case of a pizza delivery man.
Who died when a bomb locked to his neck exploded.
The person involved in the investigation said Saturday.
William Rothstein stated in the note that he had no role in Brian Wells' death August 28th.
The law enforcement source told the AP on condition of anonymity.
Everybody's always speaking on a condition of anonymity.
FBI agents investigating Wells' death, which occurred after he robbed the eerie bank and exposed the body out of the unit, said they had nothing to connect that case to the murder of investigation involving Rothstein.
Is this another one I'm strange coincidence?
Is this what you think?
Strangely.
By the way, what ever happened to Sean Relievie?
They found her.
Oh, I know that.
But I'm saying whatever.
Oh, she's still dead.
She's still dead.
And now an update on the Sean Relievie story.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
More on this later.
Oh, remember those days?
Wow, wow, wow, Gary Condewitt.
God, every time you turn around and of course our good friend Larry just obsessed.
That's when they talk.
I think that was like other than OJ that was like the epitome of history when talking heads was the Sean Relievie thing.
That was on the day.
And all in job, but a two.
They got that song yet.
How about the anthrax thing?
Oh, and who killed Cockrobin?
No.
Well, speaking of killing people, which is an American pastime, if we should put that on the sports list.
All right.
That four-year-old fatally shoot sister and one's brothers land over Maryland.
A four-year-old boy who found a loaded gun in the house shot and killed his five-year-old sister and seriously wounded a seven-year-old brother said they pull.
He said the children were home alone at the time.
Police spokeswoman kept a crippled Diane Richardson.
Now wait, this line is quote.
This is one of the most profound statements in history.
It's a terrible situation that probably could have been avoided, which is instead.
I see.
What you never know.
I don't know.
We'll never know now, I guess.
Neighbors called police and the girl was taken to a hospital where she died.
See, at that point, we're supposed to go.
She died?
Yeah.
For seven-year-old brother was in critical condition at another hospital.
Authorities said the parents were at one of the hospitals late Saturday, but it was unclear which one is if we really care.
The four-year-old boy was in police custody late Saturday.
He was in police custody.
Sure, and dangerous.
We're still, oh, I see, not because of that.
We're still trying to determine where the parents were at the time of the shooting.
Richardson said the parents could be charged for leaving small children unattended and for leaving the gun where the children could fight it.
So here's a four, five, and seven-year-old.
Oh, I guess the seven-year-old brother must have been babysitting, huh?
Sure.
There you go.
Mm-hmm.
Unpreach unbelievable.
But, you know, it's one of those things spinning your wheels.
It's the American way.
You're never going to change the spread of the American pastime.
Forget about baseball being the American pastime.
Forget about even the NFL being the American pastime is shooting it up, baby.
Shoot it up.
And if it's not shooting up like that, it's as hairy from a record room for a dream.
He was shooting up, maybe one time a minute.
Yeah, look at that thing.
Look at that purple haze right on his arm.
Man, nasty looking thing.
Wonder how hairy he is doing.
And of course, what's your name?
Sarah.
Yeah.
Both he heard him work.
You think?
Well, maybe on visiting, guys.
I think back to those days when we're really moving intensive and doing all of those shows,
which I enjoyed a lot because it inspired me to see a lot of great movies that I'd never seen.
And again, the negativity coming from, oh, well, who was it?
It was Miguel.
Well, he's a schmuck anyway.
He has pretty handwriting, but he's a schmuck.
And there was nothing about cash during it, so he didn't enjoy it.
You know what I mean?
And there was nobody in the movie wearing a guia berra.
So he hated it from the get-go.
Wasn't he the one who didn't like it?
He was underwhelmed.
Yeah.
How is that possible?
I don't know.
And then even you with Magnolia, I'm just, I'm still, I still have a grudge.
Sorry.
I still have a grudge against you for not loving Magnolia the way you should have.
Sorry.
No, seriously, for an intellectual little, and a little, and a movie, a Milton about movie endings.
End it.
And the freaking movie is three hours in permanent law.
How long did you want that meat they had lots of time?
How many hours would you like that movie to benign?
About 30 minutes.
Get that one out there.
That's what it takes to come to an end, then do it.
I see.
Well, I think Jason Robards came to an end, literally.
Yeah, well, that storyline ended.
Oh, and also, you know, this, see, a few days ago there was a power outage in Copenhagen,
but since nobody cares about Denmark, you said those who know what a great place it is.
It didn't even hardly make the news.
Now, yesterday, did you hear about this in Rome?
Oh, it was the salt on the news of the crawl.
Right.
The massive blackout hit Italy yesterday, cutting power to millions of people who woke up to find their phone lines, silent their TV's black, while driver struggled two streets without traffic lights.
And I must have been fun in Rome.
And trains remained stuck on the tracks to loose-law tracks.
Most of Italy's 57 million people were left without power compared to the 50 million affected during the August 14 blackout in the US.
In here in Canada, in Ontario.
I'm in mourning the powers returned to the North, but still made out in most of Rome and the South.
And I'm looking through the whole story and let me, oh, and this poor guy with his gelato.
It says, all the ice creams are melting.
It's a disaster.
He said, manage your mass, massimo purfacato.
Claiming that his love is extra.
The machine ability to make croissants.
He couldn't keep a customer in the joint.
Of course, they don't call it ice cream. It's gelato.
But then the goyema, the AP wrote this.
But, and then you look here.
There was a thing about a tree fell in Switzerland.
That's a baloney.
This almost be just like the other thing, just like the frozen body.
This coincidence is right.
And then we have these massive power outages here in the US and Canada.
And in London and other parts of England a few days later.
And then one in Denmark.
And then a big one in Italy.
Just a coincidence, right?
Sure.
Boy, boy, the way they lie to us poor freaking people.
And they take our money, they rape us for the taxes.
And then while you will tell you what's good for you.
Okay, we'll decide what's good for you now.
They pay on it like a little child.
Speaking of little children.
See, I have all this important stuff here.
And I've been touching around with this stupid ass pull.
That's already a foreground confusion.
That an apostrami snatch colder one by a mile.
I don't think I'm going to be no more, even though it is corn beef.
No more rubens any time soon.
Let's go.
I am going to hang on.
I'm going to have to name.
I'm going to have much of all soup in some kishka.
You order it without the balls?
No, I like the bug.
It just has one ball.
I know.
It's like it's the John Christ, the John Croc soup, but it has one ball.
I just didn't know about the carbs.
It's the Tom Green soup.
Maybe you can really tell me better than John Croc since you know the sport.
No.
Yeah.
It's the Tom Green soup with one ball.
Jesus ban and Park Spurs suit says the Washington Times.
A federal lawsuit was filed last week against the state of Washington because a family was banned from inscribing message with the word Jesus.
On a commemorative brick at a state park there.
How do you like that?
Good.
But the family filed a lawsuit back because yeah, because they wanted to inscribe.
I'll fight it here sooner later.
They want to inscribe Jesus Christ on a commemorative brick at a state park.
The public interest law firm of American Center for Longest has brought the action Wednesday.
A federalistic court in Seattle on behalf of Dan and Olga Buchanan of Linwood.
The Center for American.
You know, you know, you know, I really amuses and amazes and just kind of founds me.
The new thing is now and all the talking head networks, the news networks do this.
They'll have some burning issue going on.
And here's Richard Jones from the Heritage Foundation.
Right.
And they presented like the Heritage Foundation is like some impartial think tank.
You know, like that.
Right.
This is a case where the state is violated a free speech right of our clients by targeting a message for exclusion because of its religious content.
American Center for Law and Justice Council Stuart J. Roth said.
The law is very clear if a state permits a wide variety of messages to be posted in the public area.
The state cannot reject the message because it contains a religious reference like Jesus Christ.
Like Dan.
According to the ACLJ, the state initiated a fundraiser to build a maintain a playground for children in state, a state Edward State Park in Kenmore, Washington to raise the money.
The state permitted community members to buy a commemorative brick for a hundred bucks and scrap it with a message and then have it played, uh, placed in the playground.
Well, first of all, you know, the easiest way to overturn that is tell him it doesn't say Jesus.
It's a Zeus.
All right.
That's our grandson's name.
He lives in Columbia.
His name is a Zeus.
It's got nothing to do with religion.
That would be the end of that.
Yeah, more on's.
But you got to get the lawyers in there because you know all the great robbers up there.
Once you got a damn money.
Right in local.
Here's sports video 560.
You a.
M.
To fudge back in.
Yes.
Yes.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
He's the biggest bass.
It's military industrial strength rock and roll.
The way only actual Schwarzenegger can tell it.
Good one.
I'll glean the f***er.
John Claude Van Dam is a f***er.
Steven Seagal is a f***er with a ponytail.
The only reason I did a film with Givido is because he could see my f***er standing off.
It's actual Schwarzenegger exclusively on Terminator CD's records and cassettes.
If you don't buy this album, I'll be back.
I saw these dead babies.
There's governor Schwarzenegger.
He's in.
He's winning.
Ha ha.
Exactly.
145 at 560 W.
Thanks to Lanny who sent us a check for band of Pagrescu and you presume correctly we'll get to that organization.
Thank you.
That's good.
They're setting in some checks.
Now, like he used to be man with chemicals.
No, I remember that we stayed at the mailing list.
Right.
The salad days.
Oh yeah.
Those are the days, man.
I went every day.
You'd have like a whole crap load.
I can remember you're like going home.
It would be an hour project just to open up all the envelopes with the checks in them.
Not no more.
It's mighty difficult raising my fraternity because there are a lot of people out of work because money is tight because people are a little panicky because
terrible contributions have gone way down to the bottom of people's priorities now.
Because they're worried about you know.
And by the way, thank you very much President Bush for the low gas prices.
I forget where the hell was they were showing yesterday but it was like 223 for premium unleaded.
You ready for that?
I thought it was supposed to be free by now.
No, not free.
You're Mr. Three, not free.
Oh, three.
Close.
Sorry.
Police say clubs are right for prostitution.
Oh, I mean.
I can't believe that.
La prostatuta.
It's 11 o'clock on a Friday night and audio pronounces since you're the aspic expert.
T-H-A-Y-Z.
T-H-A-Y-Z?
T-H-A-Y-Z.
I've never heard of that word in my life.
It's 11 o'clock on a Friday night and wearing a black, uh, slinky midro top at a tight leopard print mini skirt struts over to a man sitting in the lower of the bar and begins whispering seductively in wizzier.
She touches his thighs as he pulls her closer and she giggles as he tries to touch your breasts.
For a few dollars, the man was able to buy affection.
He paid her to laugh at his jester flirt with him to make him feel wanted to feel something and needed.
But when he slurped the last drop from his bottle of Kour's beer, his time was up.
I wonder which he was slurping.
Maybe he was just a slurpy.
So she stood up, swaggered over to the next man sitting in the lower of the bar.
35, a single mother of two says she doesn't love her job as a waitress at a little Havana cafeteria turned nighttime bar.
But it's the only way she knows how to eat out a living.
When I first started working here, I felt terrible.
A Peruvian set is music player.
It's awesome music.
Played from a jukebox at the far back quarter of the dimly lit bar.
But then I started making money.
I started feeling better.
I'm a single mother.
I need to pay the rent.
The hero does not use last name or reviewing her employer to protect her identity.
She's one of hundreds.
If not thousands of bar girls, many of them undocumented immigrants who work in a thriving and largely secret world under attack by the city of Miami.
Their employers operate as regular Latin capitae is during the day, but at night they're packed with single men.
Most of them working class immigrants like George who pay 10 to 15 bars for bottle of beer that allows them to chat with or grope these scandalous like women working there.
Not a bad deal.
Absolutely.
The world of the big girls is these bar women.
Our call has been spotlighted in the past week following the rest of a man.
Police say is the Shenandoah rapist.
Renaldo Eliasorapolo spent many of his evenings at a cafeteria and its owner suspected former employer was one of his victims.
Police wouldn't confirm that.
This month the city began taking on the illegal establishments tucked in CD corners of Little Havana, Alabama, Alabama and Flaggamy.
Police say there are hundreds of illegal capitae is Miami with one nearly every half block in busy thoroughfares like Flagler Street, Southwest A Street and Northwest 7th Avenue.
Operating out of dark tinted storefronts with twinkling neon lights some employees many is 30 bar girls but most are in average of eight.
Police say these bars are a nuisance because they're a breeding ground for drugs, prostitution and crime, lost prostatutas and they take average of desperate low income immigrants.
The guy probably spent 10 hours working on top of a hotroof probably lives with three other guys named in legal unit.
He's got an illegal unit.
When you think was last time a pretty girl talked to them said Miami police sergeant Alfredo Alvarez.
Mingling is the police call a high price for a taste is also illegal because the women who police say were in 50 to $200 a day do not pay taxes on their tips.
Bar owners say they're doing nothing wrong but being harassed by police for operating legitimate business.
They say they should not be punished for a few businesses ripe with criminal activity which they serve the exception.
Instead of just letting people drink beer they come in here and treat us like the link with the link when forcing everyone to stand against the wall interrogating everyone like where criminal said Miguel Reyes owner of Los Arcos Florida Florida Florida Florida theanos.
Los Arcos Floridianos is not what I just said.
Yeah.
One of the bars the city's gone after they call it enforcing the law.
I call it abuse. We are doing nothing wrong said Miguel.
I didn't know maybe that's what my girls doing on the side.
I think we do the bar boy side.
In fact if you hear all the rumors around there everybody's in the Doreen with what we don't have that drop in doing heavy.
It's it can be found.
No we don't need a right way.
Well let's save it for when we have a more appropriate moment.
We're always talking about Doreen something about Doreen and and gold culture.
It's something about the strifey and corn beef.
I'm not exactly sure which meat we're talking about.
It's 11 till 2 we got the mad dog 2 to 4 this afternoon.
This is all just a bunch of four play for the big game tomorrow baby 4 30 Marlins at the Giants.
Jo Angel is good.
I like the low.
This is 4205 City.
Way to A.
There to the same old restaurants try the cafeteria, centria of my Leah.
How much is this doggie on the menu?
The one with the barbecue tail.
How much is that doggie on the menu?
I'm sure glad the chef's out of jail.
That's right no matter what the weather's like outside.
It's always raining cats and dogs at the cafeteria, centria of my Leah.
We'll make your stomach stop growling and make your neighbor's pit bull stop doing the same thing.
Talk about delicious.
Mmm, mmm, your meal is always fresh.
We kill it right on the premises.
For a heavenly meal at a sacrifice price, it's the cafeteria centria.
Try it once.
You'll eat there religiously.
How much is that doggie on the menu?
The one that is fried in deep fat.
Please bring me that doggie on the menu.
And bring a side order of cat.
Walk, run, or catch a greyhound for the cafeteria centria of my Leah.
Where we give new meaning to the word, pet food.
154 at 560 WQM.
Look at this.
And colder as we know is in first place all alone.
Which TV talking hit you prey never to see again.
They hate you, Ann.
And you're a boyfriend misfudge.
They can't stand in meter.
And colder 188.
But then after that, it's a pretty good at a hospital race between three people.
Johnny Cochrane 43.
Dr. Phyllis moved up to third.
41 votes.
You turned.
And those, and then Gloria all read with 40.
So those three are like within a nats here of each other.
Nancy Grace 16, George Wille, Craig Katrina Vanetov, who was six.
Very check five.
Baby you can't in four.
Laura Ingram 3.
Susan Estridge still has only two.
I can't believe that.
She's obnoxious.
Jerry Spence 2.
Debbie Schlossel's got two.
And no votes for Peggy Dun or Bernard Goldberg.
I haven't seen Bernard Goldberg anywhere, have you?
No.
I think that guy was like hallucinating.
But I don't have a tear.
Debbie Schlossel, little, little, little, either.
Not yet.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, New Harada.
Pretty good?
You were mentioning some dead people, 2003 dead people.
Right.
I got two more names you forgot to mention.
Okay.
David Brinkley and the top dancer guy.
Gregory Hines, catch up.
Right, we're exactly.
And that wasn't that long ago either.
No, I wasn't.
It seems like most of it is just like within the last three or four months, like all of a center all just dropping.
Yeah, and it's only what?
Almost two o'clock, so we still got the day to go.
Yeah.
I'm hanging out in a tight man.
I'll figure that out.
That's all I got for you.
Okay.
Thanks for having me.
Thank you.
Yeah, they're dropping like, I'm not going to play that because I don't want to get my other stuff.
And you know, my luck, right?
But you know how that works.
Sure.
I'll try it.
Because you know what?
If it doesn't work, then I can just leave.
See, I work no problem.
5, 6, 7.
So I keep trying it until it doesn't work.
5, 6, 7, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
5, 6, 10, 0.
Oh, thanks.
Take care.
Good luck to you.
He's leaving.
Bye.
He's leaving.
Bye-bye.
Well, listen, what can I tell you?
You know, the smart people in a have a chance.
The first opening, they get to hell out.
They desperate people who would like to get out.
They may be smart, but they're just stuck.
You know what I mean, George?
They're stuck.
No, what?
Oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0.
I don't know what we got.
Oh, that's all right.
We're almost out of time here.
We better sneak in the last one from mine.
If I put what I'll do is I'll do like Scott likes to do.
I'll take the next call on Mandage's time.
What are you saying?
I have to die here.
It's just a joke.
Now, Ferrell is a lot.
Alicia admits it.
He's a little bit in to himself, you know.
He wants to spread his testicles as far as he can.
And so that's the reason for that.
Didn't I tell you it was not out of him like right from the beginning?
We love Ferrell.
He's great, but he wants to like, he's a little on the pushy side.
He would like to do five in a morning until about midnight.
You know, and then let the rest of us just fin for ourselves.
He's a real competitor.
You know what I'm saying, Mo?
Absolutely.
He wants that five to 10 a.m. so bad.
He can taste it.
Absolutely.
He can taste your grimy old Dingelberry laden-ass.
Absolutely.
Right now, he wants it so bad.
But now, as you can see, and it's really ironic because now this all comes to the forefront,
like we haven't been making it up just at the time when we and you especially are bonding with Mo.
That's right, tightly, tightly and so tight that he actually whipped it out for George this morning.
Bye, bye, bye.
When you watch your show on 5-6, there's only QAM, Miami for LaRalle.
Have a nice weekend and paradise everybody on QAM.
