It was beyond a joke they lived on butthole road pure elephant crap. I like living right near
Butch Road in mocha
Anyway, Neil the Marlins won the World Championship what cynical things do you have to say about him today?
I'm saying oh you're the one that said they win it all right
I have a Robert Greeper won't open my pot that little Jew bastard
He's on the take for Darrow. I'm hiring my I'm hiring a hitman to take care of that son of a bitch up here that right now
I was your vacation how the hell could he still be working there that little self-hating piece of crap
Heinrich Himmler Jr. that goose stepping right-wing piece of turd. Yeah, my vacation was okay. Oh, was it?
How was the weather? Congratulations on some decent numbers there?
Yeah, they're not bad. I got a lot of work to do you still have a lot of work to do
I mean I was expecting double digits from a big shot like you yeah
I disappoint you know that strong lead in with Mo right? Yeah, you know
Well, I can he couldn't have been there today's got to be out there in the forest fires and say we have footage of the forest fires
Listen, you're gonna like this. This is us this morning. I was in San Diego. Listen
This point to be 14 so a very very difficult situation and the bottom line on now is Darren and
Where we stand here in California is only seven o'clock?
You know, yeah, this is going on don't you guys punishing the Californians for Arnold?
Do you understand that's exactly what it is now? Who will win the Dolby's game and I based on them moving the game to Arizona?
I think probably would get fired out fired out. They already got fired out in San Diego. I'll cut on fire out there
I think it would be great. We have when if most hair
Yeah, I picked them again that could have been the worst football game ever watching. Yeah
What was it nine six or something nine to three? Yeah, I went to a game with Seattle in the Giants last year
It was six to three. It was the worst nightmare in my life. I hate that crap
I'm going to the cold skin Sunday. I want to see the
Aerial attack that's so impressive from that team was asking me before you oh
When you was what did you get back? I said I got back to Toronto Saturday
So you watch the series games there tonight. I said no, I watched the Leafs game. I watched the real sport
Yeah, I got pansy like you watching baseball game. Oh, yeah, like like that's funny. I was thinking about the Leafs because I took it this morning
I got my leaf sweater. I got all my stuff moved from New York. They said don't buy a house for all in Miami
But I did and now I'm living in a big huge scrubbing. I got my Leafs jersey up. I
Know you're pretty excited about that. Have a nice day. Neil well because I like I like I like their sweater
That's good. We do have a good sweater. We may have a crap team most years
But we got a good for a Tuesday signed in Vancouver. He got 27 point eight million US dollars to play in Vancouver
And they had another big night for Doug Gilmore on Saturday at the Air Canada Center
They're always honoring why did the players get US money?
They chose the lives in the past why why did they get US money if they live in Canada?
An error is occurred on my page here. Can you believe that I can't believe it
But why isn't the Canadian hockey players that play in Canada get US money?
Because they got good agents. That's why I guess so because what the NHL is an American
You can't pay the US money to if you had a good. I thought they said that was the Canadian sport
It must be an American sport because it's in New York a bunch of losers much of American
There's Duffism Keywax Duffism Keywax for fantasy fact. Did you know that?
Oh, that's right. That's why Duff said he was going to the keys and for vacations
But he was going to the keys. This is your autobiography. It's called one in the pink and one in the stink. Oh
That is just sweet. That made my day. I'm gonna go drive it. I'm going to the keys right now. Okay
I'm gonna go get my new car. Don't say another word because each one could be your last
Amistasia. Oh, that's what they say, but you know, I think you're in four months
I was here four months one ratings book one rating
Do you remember your very first ratings book ever in Miami? Yeah, it was pretty weak. Okay. Well then I went was on KT
It was really lame. I'm working real hard here because I have a zero lead-in and then I got what do you talk about?
I got that on the old man had a number here because he had a big lead in Joe and Mark those vacations finally caught on with their
Proverted radio they caught on it. That's the difference. That's the difference. Well, that's the only reason he had any audience
He had some slap-over. Yeah, you ever noticed he always looks like he's got a slap-over. He's so mad that like he lives in this little villa in
The June neighborhood up there in Boca playing golf every day. I was like and I bought a big fat house right down the street from him in my big
Frickin, Shale and he's living in his little teeny villa with his smelly wife. Here's me like this. Here's me like this. Hey,
Mo, how do you like me now?
Is it in my big ass? He got real hair man. That's the difference. Yeah, I got some real trim too. Now like that bag of prunes. He's got
I got to go
Their fear
Where
On the personal, emotional, emotional, and all the way
I played for the paintful death who kicked in USA
I'm an Indian, says that you must act
In the sky, on your next slide
I want you to die today
I'm a runner, runner, runner, runner, runner
And I is proud of me
I'm a runner, runner, runner, runner
I find up right in sleep
with no reason, that's what you may die
Bop, bop, bop, r I'm a dun
From a dun
R I'm a dun
From a dun
Bop, bop, bop
I want you to shout out for me
Don't run, run, run, run, run
I love you
Run, don't beat, run, run, run, run, run, run
Run, run, run, run, run, run
Run, run, run, run, run, run, run
Just in time for Ramadan we got some more dead people in Iraq.
We'll talk about that.
I think we should probably take that line 6th is ringing right now, don't you?
You order to welcome me back.
WC way and kneels back.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I was wondering, I need to make a question of what they feel in the dolphin covering this
better than I today.
What's the spread on that game pal?
I think it's three.
No no chance.
I think they're going to take the pipe tonight.
The dolphin and the nagging to win.
I think they're going to lose.
I think it's going to be one of the upsets of the century.
I think they're going to get burned out.
Call a sports yo, okay?
A little punk, okay?
A girl up here and call up the sports yo, call up Fox sports, they can use your call,
okay?
Call up the fan, the fanatic, the jock snapper, call up one of those macho real men's sports
sessions, okay kid?
Don't be wasting a high paid number one radio show and I got, and George did a hell of a
job by the way, didn't he Scott?
He sure did.
He did a hell of a job this past week.
I was even on the line, of course now anywhere in the world, you can't escape no mold.
Nope.
Because we've got the internet cafes and every day you go on that internet cafe and
you can check your email.
Sasha, you get into the cafe and you're Sasha in a cafe, especially if you're real
gay and your name is fake.
And anyway, and you check the website and there was every day, I saw George's pull, which
you had a couple of good pulls on there.
I did go to that one.
They're good.
We need to trust the most, which shows you how stupid these people are.
They trust me.
Right.
I would trust the others that control me.
How about that?
Although I would say this, they trust their parents.
I think I was third, wasn't I?
Yeah, you were right behind them in Boulson parents.
Right.
Yeah, parents, they trust their parents more than me, which your parents had a one that
told you about God and about Sadie Claus and the tooth fairy.
They lied through their teeth and about how they never did this and they never did that.
And how come you do all these perverted things and you're smoking at nasty weed that they
never did because they were holier than now, right?
Your parents lied through their teeth.
Your whole freaking life, which is my most of your neurotic and the shrinks are making so
much money.
But they trust their parents.
Well, goody goody good to choose for them.
Carb bombs rock bag dad bad news.
Carb bombs struck the international Red Cross headquarters and four police stations across
Baghdad today killing almost 40 people, depending on who you believe.
CNN, which lies a lot, they say it's 30 AP says it's 39 and CBS news says almost 40.
So it's either or 40 in a capital on the first day of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan
according to police and US military reports.
About 10 were killed at the international Red Cross and 27 elsewhere.
Most of them are rackeys, but including at least one US soldier, the other story that's
said at least two every day.
It's two and three and four and Samo and it's just in a public sense back like that.
Like like this punk calling it.
Oh, you think they can beat the spread in the game tonight?
Yes, spread this.
Okay, spread your cheek.
Go idiot.
You simple, then you quizzling man.
And who the hell might have be talking?
I watched that then.
Game yesterday, the Patriots and the Browns between the two teams, man, there was enough
excitement in that game to light a god, they match.
There was nothing.
It was crap except the Tom Brady still looked pretty good, but other than that man was
that garbage and I watched it.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because it was on.
Oh, the bombings came hours after clashes in the bag that area killed three US soldiers
overnight and they after insurgents devastated a hotel full of US occupation officials with
a rocket barrage killing US colonel wounding 18 other people.
That was a hotel in which US deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfe which was in but was
unheard.
Dammit.
Since President Bush announced the end of major combat in Iraq May 1st, 214 US soldiers
have been killed in hostile action.
In other words, they don't count the main than these severely wounded armless, legless
blind.
Right.
Kind of like Ali.
We're not talking about chemical.
Ali.
We're talking about armless and legless Ali that's got like all our artificial limbs now that
is supposed to be so happy and excited about it.
Right.
Lucky Ali.
Yeah.
Lucky Ali probably kid of that lucky dog to blind and deafened one with no legs.
Oh, brother, in a public like I said, it's back.
We love the Marlins.
They won the series and now we're like big shots.
You know, you're still the same pieces of crap that you always were before your freaking
Marlins won a world series.
I got two polls on the on the marlins today too.
Not one count them, but a pair.
We get to the results from Georgia's a marginal poll over the weekend.
That was okay.
Marginal.
That was a very good poll.
I liked it.
Although I still don't like the way you were at Hicks.
I don't like it.
Sorry.
No, it should have been it should have been drooling southerners.
So you have to read my my lingo drooling southerners.
That really makes it very specific.
People like Jesse Helms, you know, people like anybody from Texas or Louisiana or Mississippi
or Alabama, then crowd that judge Moore, you know, oh yeah, Joe Joe.
He's acted up again.
They're drooling red necks.
That's it a bit on there.
So we'll give it a results of that one.
We'll start with the first Marlin poll because obviously look at the phone, man, they're
all whipped up.
They want to say congratulations to the marlins to each and every player.
Congratulations to Josh Beckett and Josh Dero and everybody else in the old King Kong or
the manager Jack McKeein, right?
Pudge.
Don't forget him.
And don't forget Pudge and Fudge and all the Fudge Packers over there at the Estadium.
We need a new stadium.
Cop up the dough and wind up balls.
How stage and starts?
Let's all get together and go.
No.
No, no.
No.
Oh, because they blow 10, 13 to 5 60 W come.
Can you see the excitement?
Can you smell it in the air?
Hmm.
All the way up here.
I can smell it aroma fresh baked and don't forget school and book now one in the pink
and one of the stink.
He's speaking of diet.
Everybody knows on a low carb diet and that's why you ought to be at the lights of West
Boka because this is unmatchable.
So I've actually got a lot of new things too that probably who's got this account now
is at the trade.
I don't know.
We got no idea.
Troy the boy.
He's doing one hell of a job.
Not.
In fact, our whole sales department blows worse than ever before.
You want a good BJ man?
Just call anybody in our sales department because they blow.
Howard David's bitch.
Madonna.
Yeah.
You are the material girl.
Yeah.
But I still felt like something was missing.
And what was that something?
Britney.
Britney.
I mean, I was just a friendly kid.
Cool.
Yeah.
Who is it?
Incredible.
Really?
Yeah.
And fun.
And I don't know why people are making such a big deal about it.
You really don't.
I really don't.
You really don't.
Hasn't anyone ever seen two girls kiss before?
Well, I don't know if most of America has.
Go right ahead.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm not kidding.
Okay.
Okay.
Hmm.
Hmm.
It's incredible.
Yeah.
It's a good thing.
It's a very good thing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The thought is disgusting.
1019 at 560 W.
If you have a minute, tell you the book you must read.
Dude, where is my country?
Michael Moore, the new book.
I read it on a plane and like in one sitting in my hotel room, it is a phenomenal.
Okay.
Michael Moore for president.
Oh.
That's what I say.
He'd be the best.
Dan Rathers in asshole.
I want to mention that even though I've been watching CBS News for years, see, here's the
difference.
Here's the difference.
Walter Cronkite, who used to be of course for many, many years, the respected father of
American news on CBS TV, he retires.
They shove him into the background.
But he's still got the presence and the conscience to keep writing these columns in different
newspapers and the period on the King, myster, things like that.
And the speaking out against the war and what an asshole bush is.
But in the meantime, here is his successor, Dan Rather, who everybody knows is a Texas
liberal, which is unusual, but nevertheless.
And he still comes on there and sucks up to it and distorts and twists the news like
everybody else and goes on King and says, well, I'm an American.
I have to do that, which I never realized until I read this book.
Are you ready for that?
No, not.
It's not to make me almost watch Tom Brokos.
See, I would turn over to NBC News permanent if they would put Brian Williams on there all
the time.
Yeah.
Brian Williams is great.
He's an excellent news guy.
I can't even think of what Brokos says.
Right.
He's got a terrible speech defect.
He's got to have naked pictures of the peacock and everybody else associated with general
electric because there's no other way in the world he would be on there.
Tom Brokos, it is squaced.
So I would definitely watch them if they would just put Brian Williams on or at least call
me at home and let me know what night's Brian Williams is going to be doing.
No, and then I won't have to be watching Dan turn coat rather.
You make me sick, Dan.
I've lost any respect I ever had for you.
You're a piece of crap.
Everybody please go out and buy the book today.
Dude, where's my country?
Michael Moore.
He's a genius.
He's a freaking genius who's got a big, big smelly pair.
Nice going, Mike.
Here's the result from Friday from your poll.
Who has the most obnoxious sounding?
And by the way, speaking of the word George being on his poll, things like that, it's about
time that the audience has been ripping George and ass and sometimes deservedly so for
all this time realizes that this summer book he finally broke out of the pack.
I'm looking at the hour by hour here at the shares from the summer book.
The four highest hours in terms of rating and in terms of people listening.
One of actually managed to and the rating 7, 7 and 3 to 4 hour, but forget about that.
But in terms of people listening, our attend to two each, you know, every one of our four
hours.
And George was on, I would say, well, of course, September, I was on.
Right.
But July and August, you went like more than 50%.
I was on maybe 30% and George was on the rest of the time, especially in August when
I get a week off in there.
So all these, and I would also want to say this since I've been away and even though
I can go online and read whatever the hell I want, I wouldn't waste my time with
the Sun sent in the hair of what I'm in Amsterdam.
But I'm sure there must be a whole bunch of articles about the ratings, right?
Kevin, I wouldn't come.
Jika and all these people have it.
They ran the gym, sorry, the grotesque piece of turd that fat tub piece of crap and very
jackass with a little brown paper sack.
Didn't they write all kinds of stuff about QA and his big summer book about how George
and Neil had this gigantic number and even Moe had a number.
Of course, for well did the good and really good and the first full book.
Did they write that?
Now Mad Dog and Hank were spectacular in the afternoon.
They didn't write that crap.
No.
But you guys suck, okay, Tom Jika?
You may not be good, but at least you're consistent.
You suck, you blow, you bite.
All he writes is his puck pieces of the same crap and the only time he wrote about anything
local in the last seven months was he wrote Ricky Sanchez is coming back on channel,
whatever it is.
Seven, six, right, whatever it is.
Who the hell cares?
That's his idea of a column about what's going on in the local market.
You're at Ambasil, Tom.
I'm embarrassed that they even let you in the station.
Speaking of embarrassing, that number that you just faxed me for the best of Neil, that
is pathetic.
Yeah, that is tragic.
Well, 34,845 bucks, although it says missing online totals, the guys are having computer
issues, whatever that means.
So we got about 35 grand and I would see end of October.
Right, there'll be more as soon as he gets those results.
There'll be more what?
More money.
Yeah, but I'm already adding another 155 bucks.
No, just to get us well, huh?
I shouldn't open up a mouth until I know what we're actually going to have on there.
Oh, you mean like a lot more?
I don't know.
You know, it's worth mentioning since we're talking about the online store that these
other products that they have are really good.
Yeah, it would have been nice if somebody would have told me about it.
Well, I didn't know.
I just saw the pictures online.
I didn't know that these mugs were actually huge and substantial.
By the way, don't miss skin on Fox TV on Fox.
See, that's the interesting thing.
This set of a bits, this Rupert Murdoch, what a clever,
devious, like I said all along.
He takes his entertainment, no,
work Fox entertainment.
He puts on the raciest, the most cutting edge, the most, the hottest stuff that
he can get away with and then he takes the Fox news thing and he turns it into
Deutsche Landu Barolas.
Right.
So he, so he, so he's, so he's funding his right wing propaganda outlet with his
entertainment, uh, uh, uh, spicy crap on there.
He's no dummy.
Exactly.
That's right.
And you don't even get that facts.
And I want to take another thing about him, Sky News, which is also Rupert Murdoch
and people on the, they whisper the news.
They just whisper.
It's almost like they're not getting paid enough.
They don't want to make the effort actually like move their lips when they're
talking, especially the broads that are on it and the queen said today that
the scandal with the, the Butler, and oh, yeah, that's another thing with the
Prince, the Butler.
Paul Barol, is that his name?
Oh, I don't know.
Diana's Butler and he wrote this book and other all having a nervous breakdown and Prince
William and Prince Harry.
You know, gee, you're a bad guy.
And his screw does over all this other crap.
And that's what they're worried about.
We got people dying every day in Iraq.
We got Tony Blair as a freaking liar.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that big conference in the dread last week,
there were all the donors there with the money to try to bail our ass out.
I guess what?
3.1 billion donated by Britain over 40% of it disappeared.
They don't know where it is.
Yeah.
That's the latest scandal.
What they're worried about is some of the Butler wrote a book about Diana who had a
vision that she was going to get.
She knew that they were going to offer.
She wrote a letter to him saying that they were going to kill her.
You read that.
I'm sure.
Right.
They were going to tamper with a brakes on her car and guess what?
You're dead, Diana.
Okay.
I'm sure that they killed the bitch.
Don't you think?
Sure.
I think there's any questions.
She was, she was bad news.
Don't get in that Mercedes.
Princess, I were begging please.
Paparazzi's coming after you.
You're going to crash.
If you all want, no more rich guys for you.
Oh.
Princess, he's gone.
Oh, Princess, I.
Princess, I.
He's gone.
She's really gone.
We do a tunnel.
Hello, Walt.
The fix was in.
And of course, the kids did two kids.
They're too busy accounting the money.
I don't.
They're too busy accounting and getting laid and spending all of the money.
The Royal money.
So they don't want any scandals, you know, because God only knows what other crap he's
going to spew out.
For example, Prince, what the hell's the Queen's husband?
Prince Philip.
Oh, Prince Philip allegedly said to her, uh, wrote her a letter to her.
Uh, I can't imagine that anyone would leave you for a Camilla Parker bulls.
Do you ever see that bitch?
Oh, yeah, very, uh, that real dinky looking nasty typical.
Her marmy.
By the way, good news for everybody.
It hates the Brits as much as I do.
They're still acting just the same silly crap over there when they go to Amsterdam, no matter
where they are.
They're silly.
They're embarrassing.
They're ridiculous.
And that's our ancestors that we can always blame it on them.
Well, yours maybe not even.
Oh, that's right.
Like I said, and what about Scott?
That's his ancestors.
Yeah.
I don't think he's got any.
I think it's a crowd.
Surprise me when we get when we come back.
Maybe he's related to boy Gary step on him.
Step step.
A lot of it is right.
1027 at 560.
We'll get those pull result eventually.
We got the new pull up there about the marlins.
Look at the response at that phone about the marlins won the world series.
We want to give everybody an opportunity to send to marlins their best and say, thank
you.
Thank you so much for what you did for us and for this community.
Look at that on the phone.
The new pull is up there.
What's your take on a new stadium for the world champion marlins?
The world champion marlins.
None of my tax dollars going to build a 26.
Let's do it.
They deserve it.
13.
I don't give a crap about it.
10.
It was great but good by marlins for.
Oh, it just won the world series.
Not many we got four people saying, bye, bye, bye.
Wow.
Hey, imagine zero closing costs.
Now with this copy, I just don't have time to do it.
Go come on.
No, seriously, because Todd Reckson, and he's got all this because the agency sends him a piece of stuff.
That's obviously a recorded spot.
And it's got all these booms in there.
Boom and boom and boom.
I'd like to do a boom right on Todd Reck's ass.
Easy.
Imagine zero closing costs.
Zero application fees, zero credit, zero free.
If he is zero discounted point, it's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
Cut that crap.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from the financial group.
Now with interest rate, it just 1.95%.
That's just $738 bucks a month for a $200,000 loan.
Once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never pay closing costs again.
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
Grab real financing power with low rate mortgage that you can move to your next property without further cost or expense too.
Only one mortgage from financial group for details.
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
It's a whole new way to buy zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero prepaid and penalty,
zero closing cost, even when you move to another property.
Get financing.
It's just 1.95% and don't forget never pay closing costs again.
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
That's financial group 1-800-940-LAND.
Either an equal housing vendor, restrictions apply rate subject change monthly 5.19 APR.
My life and law, this is Fort Real by City.
You weigh in weigh in.
Young God.
It's true, man.
You think blackmailing someone's all right.
There.
A bit blackmailed especially.
It's just between your time.
Roll.
You don't think blackmailing a charity is wrong.
You'll then go to fall or fall and party.
It's a giant pulsing shlaw.
That's what it's all right.
What's wrong with your asset's time?
Wash this night.
It's all your main time.
It's something that's spanned right.
Screw it.
You'll be the bitch I banged you down.
I smack your hand and bruise up your body the way you lie.
Screw it.
You get my phone your long and strong.
You carry your money to okay.
And no care if it's wrong.
You thought that you why.
You just be my son.
It's kind of bitch.
We die.
You don't have to.
You got to take with the day.
Don't forget it's out this week.
Scrant win a car autobiography.
One in the pink.
One of the stink.
It's sent thirty three at five sixty WQM thirteen hundred eighty two votes on
Georgia's pool.
Well, it's taking me a long time to get around with this.
You know, yeah, I got a lot of catching up to do.
Who has the most obnoxious sounding X and draw or speech pattern?
Your dashed New Yorkers for hundred and fifteen.
Blacks meaning ebonyx 263.
And why did you have to put ebonyx in there?
Why can't you just said dark?
I just want to make it up with what's confused.
And let me oh, I see you got black islanders done here also.
Right.
Are there any black islanders Scott?
Sure.
Maybe one black player on the islanders.
Spicks 127.
Old Jews.
Oh, hundred and twelve.
Hicks 86.
Yeah, I don't like that.
Hicks thing.
I would like Jueling Southern.
Sorry to describe it during Sothe is Yahoo's flaming Queen 69.
What an interesting number of votes Haitian 69.
What about flaming Queen Haitian?
Yeah, I'm tall heads 46.
There aren't that many tall heads in South Florida.
No, that's why that's why it smells a little bit better there.
New England is 43 frogs 43.
Surf punks.
I don't have any fouls.
I have no idea what that means.
Body.
22.
I don't want to know what that is.
Crouch 21 Scott.
Black Islanders 19.
Kevin Weasen ever played for the Islanders, did he?
No, Brits 18.
Books seven.
Books.
Canooks seven Midwestern is seven.
Comedy blockers.
I don't know what that is either.
I know beta blockers coming to block member.
Oh, comedy blockers.
I see what class.
See this is George being so much hip or in cooler than I am.
Comedy blockers five fillies two and mix one.
Mix one.
How about Tom mix mix this?
Yeah, mix this is right.
How come I can't find my damn thing here?
I'm looking for it.
Oh, I got an idea.
No problem because I don't have my glasses on.
Yeah, that's what I just want to ease back into this.
Let me tell you something, my crunk, Mick Brandt.
Yeah, that's what I was looking for, but I was having trouble finding it because I can't see what that I'm doing over here.
Oh, I do like this.
Do you know who I am?
I'm low-grief.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Exactly.
So there you go.
There are results for your world famous pool.
New York is with that axon, and it just, oh, it's something about it.
It makes his nauseous.
It makes his want to puke, especially when you do a talk show like this and you talk to so many of them all the time.
You can always tell.
Oh, it's Richie from Boazhead.
It's Mark the Jets fan.
By the way, the Jets suck.
They lost again yesterday.
I just mentioned that in passing and guess who beat him?
It couldn't have been Donovan McNabb and it filled off the Eagles.
Could it have been otherwise?
Why not?
And the bills they took it up the pipe.
Man, that was beautiful.
Did you see in that game?
Scott, I heard it.
They were briefly had to do nothing on the safety, which was kind of amusing.
But they lost about 600 to five, which I like.
The bills blow.
Yeah, and the Jets suck and the dolphins are going to take it up the pipe and stand the evening.
One of the big ups says, I'm going to do the offense.
They're going to play a real team.
And it seems to me correct me if I'm wrong, Scott.
But while I was away, wasn't there an overtime game there would be between the Patriots and the dolphins?
Yes, there was.
And didn't Olinda Marre.
He kicks up.
Didn't he miss a 235 year field goals at overtime?
No, one in regulation and one in overtime.
Right.
And didn't Tom Brady throw a 265 year touchdown pass to win the game?
Yes, he did to number 80.
I say so.
It seems to me the final score neck game was the, the dolphins 13 and the new England Patriots 19.
I could be wrong, but I don't think so.
Now that's correct, sir.
Let's see.
Here's a loyal listener faxing me some information.
It says for your info, Brian Williams is a right-wing pig.
Wait to the right.
Check him out sometime on his own shows on cable.
He's brutal.
Another one that's spread the lie after lie about Al Gore in 2000 for incompetent, unelected fraud.
Not that I'm defending Broca.
Because he got a speech.
He got me out there.
Well, I'm just saying Brian, Brian Williams, at least I can tolerate his newscasts.
You know what I'm saying?
You can understand.
It says try ABC and Peter Jennings.
No, if I want to see Canadians do a news, I'll watch the news right here.
The Canadians do a news.
I don't need to see that.
Right?
Poor Pete.
But how do I see need to see Tom Peter Jennings?
I can't see.
But not cascade.
Oh, it's a spy.
I was a turn on a BBC, whatever it is.
It says I've switched them.
They seem to be the network that goes down the middle more than any of them, but they're
all bad these days.
You're correct.
And you'd be amazed.
You folks out there would be shocked to see that CNN International has got like a totally
different approach on the war and on everything in the world and on the Rumsfeld and everything.
They're just just excoriating, just ripping the bushmeister and ass and this whole Iraq
nightmare that's going on is quagmire that he's got us into just because CNN International
is generally speaking broadcasting to the rest of the world who aren't involved with all
this crap who aren't taken on the baloney.
So it's really astonishing to me that they got a whole different altitude about on CNN
International, which I guess you can get if you have direct TV, right?
I get how many people in the US are watching that.
But third man.
It says by the way, fat faced blowviator Tim Russell said the same thing as rather after
9-11 that he was an American first, which is volshmit, the media should be totally neutral.
How else can they get the viewers to know what's going on?
So I know that America's full of morons, but when they don't get unfiltered news, how
can they possibly know what the F is going on?
And the answer is they can't.
Can they?
No.
So thank you for your good point.
Okay.
How's the pool coming on because I did hear Geldie this morning.
I knew it wouldn't take long.
Oh, the stadium.
We got to get the stadium.
We should have won a bill that by a PPP park.
No, we don't want to build a stadium.
First of all, we don't want to build one anyway.
It's taxpayer money, but I do live in Broward.
Thank you.
But the point is, why would you want to build it in a place where it's so convenient today
Broward and Palm Beach right there off the turnpike right there by the county line?
You could throw a rock from there to county line road, right?
But that would be a bad idea.
Yeah, that would be a really, really bad idea to build a worse convenient to everybody.
With a lot's for all empty.
Or maybe we have like Wayne.
We negotiate the deal there with the Marlins, which he was certainly wouldn't do that because
that would be like doing something benevolent.
It wouldn't just be out of pure greed and being a real prick, which he is.
That's the only hope that they got because all this shenanigans that are going on behind
closed doors again and may or the asses this, this one says that and may or ping a picania
saying, Hey, it's all going on behind closed doors.
The deal will be sealed and you taxpayers are going to get fleeced again.
It's going to happen.
And there's guilty only on this radio station when your assholes coming on to your like
guilty saying, Oh, wow, let's figure out when we're going to put it.
Not are we going to do it, but it's already in his mind a done deal.
Because like the astute Moa Moa's there, absolutely.
He's saying over and over again, Oh, you don't want to be in a city where you don't have
baseball anymore.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
Would you want to be in a place where you don't have major league baseball?
What would I do?
For example, right here in Toronto, if the blue jays ever left, I can't even imagine
being here in no Moe.
I can't imagine being in this town.
It would have to blue jays would be like being in the desert.
It would be like being in a 10th world country or something.
It's still the Argonauts.
Like I said, who the hell gives a crack?
100 and how many votes we got on this thing?
A lot of votes already.
I told you they're Marlon intensive.
143 votes.
We got another Marlon pool coming up later.
What's your take on a new stadium for the world champion Marlon's?
Not just the ordinary pedestrian Marlon's, the world freaking champion Marlon's boys and
girls.
None of my tax dollars of buildings say 69 out of 143.
It's almost half.
Let's do what they deserve at 36.
25.1% of the people are still sniffing their all in the state of euphoria.
I don't give a crap about it.
23 and it was great, but good by Marlon's 15 out of 143.
So only 25% only a quarter so far say, hey, let's do it.
And if the owners want to spend their own money, are they going to do it?
No, but if they did, hey, good luck to them.
More power to them.
It's something to talk about.
Something to kill some good time.
Give people a chance to pretend that they really care about something there, where they don't.
10.40 till here's the Echinadiens.
Middle of November, not the end, but it sounds as though the process to ratify.
See, he said process not going to go back to CNN.
He said process.
I can't watch that.
Hey, you're underpaid.
You're overworked.
You'd like a new high paying career, but you don't have four years to waste in college.
If this sounds like you, there's not even any there's not any punctuation in this copy.
You know, something Todd Dreck, I will.
I was joking before about Greeper, but Todd Dreck, I am hiring a hitman for that son of a bitch.
He is just brutal.
Oh, make the call.
If this sounds like you, we have your solution.
Pick up the phone and call fast train at 1-866, fast train.
When you talk to our good friends at fast train, tell them that Todd Dreck is useless and give the account to somebody that might service it and actually like do something with a copy, like put in some punctuation.
Fast train can have your train insert a five for a high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist in his little last four months.
That's what it says here is, little is four months.
Yes, you heard me right.
You can be fully trained already for your new career in his little is four months.
Fast train offers day evening and weekend classes.
They offer your job placement assistance and financial aid to those who qualify.
Fast trains got six convenient locations to serve you to four right there in South Florida.
So pick up that phone and call fast train.
Today, be sure and mention Todd Dreck.
It's mighty important.
Call 1-866 fast train and check them out on the web fast train.com.
That's fast train 1-866 fast train and it says here finish off with a fast train jingle.
Fast train is a fast put your education to.
If you got a brain head for fast train.
My local business is five cities.
The radio's all yours.
Pewin!
This is Kimberly Plummer K ABC News with a one on one interview with gubernatorial hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
I apologize.
What do you apologize for? I'm not following you.
For everything Kimberly Plummer K ABC News, I'm sorry to the people of California.
For what? Those bad movies you make?
No. Although if you don't like them, I'm sorry Kimberly Plummer K ABC News.
I'm sorry for this.
You just touched my boobies.
That was a demonstration, Kimberly Plummer.
I'm sorry.
Well, don't do your demonstrations on me, Mr. Schwarzenegger.
I am here for a serious interview with you.
I apologize. You're very whiny.
Go ahead with your question.
Well, you're very touchy-feeling.
I apologize.
Excuse me, but did you just touch my ass?
That was a demonstration, Kimberly Plummer K ABC News.
That's why I want to apologize to the people of California.
And I believe you should.
I'm sorry.
I see you have a problem with women.
I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them.
Excuse me, but we are not an object.
May I see your anida?
What?
Your anida, may I see it?
I don't think I have an anida.
You have an anida, it's right here.
That's your anida.
I can't believe you just put your hand.
Sorry, I'm sorry, are you pilots?
Oh, do it again.
Yeah, good for you, Kimberly Plummer.
You want me now, don't you?
You're a per...
Let us have your anida.
Oh!
Hello, I'm sorry.
I apologize.
You are disgusting.
I want to be the governor.
Here, put my level of hope for me.
Ew, why is it purple?
I eat grapes. I'm a grapey, the...
Put my level.
1048 and 560.
The whole state's on fire because God's pissed off and Arnold
and about the voters of California.
That's right.
But it can be so stupid.
191 votes on a pool.
Well, I think we're off to it.
When did we do this?
Was this on the Thursday before the provocation?
We also had a staggering or was it a couple days before that?
I already remember that far.
Remember that day?
No.
Yes, you do.
We had that phenomenal number of votes on air.
I think it was like over 800 during the show alone.
191.
What's your...
Well, of course they ought to be whipped up about the Marlins
or World Champs, huh?
When I think about it, I get the cramps without the M.
191 votes.
What's your take on a new stadium for the World Champion Marlins?
None of my tax dollars is going to build that sucker.
91 people.
47.6%.
Let's do it.
They deserve it.
49.25.6%.
And keep in mind, we're doing this poll right on the heels of Saturday's game 6.
They're at a clinching victory, too, nothing right there in Yankee Stadium.
You know what made me the happiest about that?
I give up.
Is George F. Steinbrenner, man?
Even you should be happy.
Oh, yeah.
That's what the World's is.
Just to piss him off.
Just because he's such a prick, I can't stand people who have a lot of money who act like assholes.
I don't think there's anybody who's got a lot of money if they earned it or stole it or whatever.
You know, if they were clever enough to do it.
But at least if they're like a little bit humble or maybe not humble is not the right word.
But like invisible out of my way.
Well, whatever.
Not evil.
But when they're like a real domineering prick like George Steinbrenner was hated by virtually everybody.
Not to mention, of course, his little gangster passed all his problems that he had.
Not to mention all that on top of it.
What a piece of turd, man.
Scott, did you see the look on his push when they hit?
They showed up, was late in the game.
It was like, obviously, it was all over.
Oh, yeah.
It was devastating.
It was.
Oh, my god.
He had it looked like, oh, I can't wait to get this thing over so I can go down and bitch
everybody out.
We lost.
Too bad, Steinbrenner.
You suck.
198 votes.
94.
Say, none of my tax dollars are going to build it.
51, let's do what they deserve.
That's 25.7%.
Because I'm sure that the Samsung and the Lila people over there in Jeffrey, Luria.
I'm sure there's a glue to the radio wanting to find out just exactly how much they put the wall
over the up.
Of course, they don't need to get the public support because they're pulling all those strings
behind the scenes.
Like I said, close their meetings, government in the dark, Mayor Pingu Picania, Mayor Manny
Diaz, they're in Miami.
They'll put together some kind of a sweetheart deal and they'll give them all of this land
and they'll do it.
And then you'll have another white elephant just like that Miami arena.
Anybody plan their days?
No.
I don't give a crap about it.
35 say that.
And it was great, but goodbye, Marlon's 18.
9%.
Even on the heels of the World Series victory, 9% say, bye, bye, bye.
And a World Champion, Marlon's.
How do you like that?
It was great.
It was a lot of fun.
It was nice.
So I don't think it's going to happen again anytime soon.
Right?
Especially after they dump off all the salary, you think Pudge is going to be bad?
No.
And then there's zero to his contract.
Right.
And if he don't stop crossing himself already and put into the sky, get out of the
place.
We don't bring Jack E. Gleason, one time, just to send his ass to the moon.
And boy, I'll tell you that.
That would increase the size of the moon like double.
Send Pudge's ass up there.
Is there anybody in baseball got a bigger ass than Pudge Rodriguez?
A ride.
Huh?
A ride.
I think what's his name?
A Cecil Fielder had a bigger ass.
Had a bigger everything.
And a Mickey.
Well, how do you know he had a bigger everything?
He played in New York.
He had a bigger everything.
Well, what a loaded line at is, Scott, I think you've been hanging around that station
too long, huh?
You're starting to turn into one of them.
Your ex-wife ain't got to be too crazy hearing about that.
In fact, your child support just went up.
And you having a kid?
Assertly, does he pay child support, George?
Yes.
Says, there you go.
So you can't just fudge me, Pudge.
Your child support just doubled because of what you just said.
Because now she knows you're fooling around with guys on the side.
Which is why he sounds a little off his feet today.
Because Muff ain't there to keep him happy.
This week Muff is in In Key West for fantasy, fat.
Oh my God.
What a flamer, you know what?
Go up, go up this.
What a screamer.
I think he is.
Opera is what?
Getting off this instant.
That wouldn't surprise me.
Man, oh man.
People like that.
People that go to places like Key West and Provincetown and Amsterdam.
We're talking fags when we're talking about that.
That's them.
Right.
Toronto.
Faggery is what we're talking about.
Make no mistake.
I got a good piece of news though.
This will make you people much happier.
Leave it to me to come back and cheer you up a little bit.
I could take some of those calls.
Should I take one call before I give the good piece of news from the Vatican?
Sure.
From Rome.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Two, three, two, three, two, three, two, one.
I got this on it.
Very weak, very lame effort.
Okay.
Plus he's got all that reverb on there.
Get a new phone, schmuck.
Go out and pedal some drugs.
Here's a call from Orlando.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What do you think about those announcers on the World Series?
That Jack Buck.
What about him?
He's pretty damn good.
He is good.
He's okay.
He's not a bad one.
He's not in the car.
Ken McCarver needs to be a cent of the old folks, so he never shuts up.
Well, he's worse than he's, he's pop fan.
He don't ever shut up.
He has a pain in the ass, but I mean, that Jack Buck is great.
I mean, funny.
Jack Buck is dead.
This is his son.
This is Joe Buck.
Oh, Joe, I mean, Joe.
Right.
But why aren't you too excited about the Marlins?
It was a great, a great playoff.
Well, come on.
I'm the one that told everybody that they were going to win this series.
Everybody laughed at me.
All you're wrong.
And they could see Yankees.
Nobody could beat the Yankees.
Why are you saying that?
What do you want me to do?
Like, jump up and down.
Make you feel better?
No, I mean, but have some civic pride.
This is great.
I mean, I talk to Ed Kaplan about it and we're going to throw a party.
Yeah.
And?
I mean, I mean, get into it, Neil.
Get lost.
He's an orc on from Orlando and he thought he's going to throw a party.
Just another front running phone.
He jumping on the bad wagon.
You couldn't give a flying crap about the Marlins before the guy didn't play off set.
Especially the world's series.
66,000 people there for game number five.
66,000.
Give or take.
And just like Ferrell said this morning, the home opener, after the home opener,
the second home game next season, they'll have like six, seven thousand people there.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
We all know that.
Nothing's changed.
I mean, it was exciting.
And like I said, but he wants me to say, hey, we love that Marlins.
What do you want me to do?
Like, a crap in my pants?
Get all out of sighted?
That'd be funny.
I already tried that.
Wait a year this.
A Italian court banned crucifixes from schools.
Oh, right.
They can't progress, but this of course is in Rome where they're on to that silly old dead man that they keep slumping around in a chair.
He's been dead for months to poke nobody.
Nobody.
You might not be bad for business until they can blow some smoke.
That's why they had to select those 30 or 35 new right wing cardinals, you know.
Yeah, I know.
And the new one is a, uh, a greaser as a matter of fact, the new, the one that they're saying is most likely to be the new one, a right wing Italian.
But in Rome, an Italian court order of state school to strip all crucifixes from its classroom walls on the weekend after a Muslim
activist can play that his children should not have to study in its presence.
The high court in Laquilla in the southern Abruzzo region based its ruling on a 1984 Concorde at the edges.
Love to say abruzzo.
I love that.
Terga.
Abruzzo.
Fabrizio.
At the base.
It's ruling on a 1984 Concorde between Italy and the Vatican that agreed Roman Catholicism could no longer be considered a state religion.
The landmark decision is expected to deepen divisions between Roman Catholics and Muslims in Italy.
And as a here's the best part of this story is a bitter blow to the Vatican and it's already in the country.
All right.
All right.
All right.
See, they're on them.
They've been on a walk.
I've told you this for years.
97% of the people in Italy don't go to church.
They don't rub the rosary beads.
They don't go there and with all the jet skis in the Vatican.
They don't want nothing to do with it.
They're not worshipping no old man in a dress in a cello after with a stupid beanie that even a jews are embarrassed by.
The judges said the presence of the symbol of the cross leads to a grasp of the expression of religious faith, which is deeply wrong because it manifests the state's unequivocal desire to put the Catholic faith at the center of the universe is an absolute truth with the least respect for other religions.
Absolutely.
The ruling was seen yesterday by political analysts as a blow to Silvio Berlusconi's center right government, which is campaigning to ensure that crucifixes remain on classroom walls.
Boy, you talk about the anti-Christ.
Oh, did you see the story about the, uh, it's time to put report about Ronnie Reagan?
No.
Oh my gosh, I got it during the breaker.
I got a download that about how he was, he was nuts when he was in the White House.
It wasn't just afterward, right?
And he was crying and sobbing.
Oh, he's, he's the anti-Christ and history's going to record him as the anti-Christ.
No, that was, uh, W.
No, no.
Seriously, no, W is going to be well.
He's just another one.
If you give him all a shave and a haircut, it's all the same numbers on the head.
You're a sports radio 560, QAM.
You drudge-packing?
Sit down, sit down.
What's he going to do?
What you gonna do when they come for you?
Yeah, we're at a code 2318.
Now, we've got a jumper on the roof of the Muhammad savings among building here and I'm trying to talk him down right now.
Everybody out of my way, I am going for jail!
That's our coffee.
Give me that megaphone.
Sir, what you're going to have to do is, go right down, I'll talk to St. G.
Excuse me, Lieutenant.
We were able to track down the jumper's mother.
And no.
I'm not glad to see you, ma'am.
Here, look, take this megaphone.
Okay.
And try talking some sense into this guy.
And you, mother, can you hear me?
Oh, yes, I can hear you.
He can hear you.
Sit down!
Oh, mother!
Oh, man, did you just say, sit down?
Oh, yes, yes, sit down, yes.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Down.
Sit down, sit down.
What you gonna do?
When they come for you!
Let's go to it 560 WQM Happy Monday 2.
Where's your civic pride, Neil?
Let's have a big party.
Everybody jump on a van wagon.
We love the Marlins, even though we didn't buy no tickets.
Oh, speaking of buying tickets.
I never got to tell you the upshot.
As far as my world series tickets is concerned.
Yeah.
And about that whole business, about eBay, which I never should have said that on the year.
So you come to find out that it's very, very illegal.
Yeah.
To be a scalp in your tickets on eBay or anyplace else.
In Canada, it's not illegal to scalp tickets.
Okay.
They stand right outside of your Canada Center and they scalp leaf tickets,
like left and right, like they used to do.
On Loblaws, Bob Maple Leaf Garden.
It's gonna be a big gigantic supermarket with hockey pucks.
Ready for that?
Okay.
But anyway, it's not illegal to scalp here.
And I forgot about that.
And so naturally, I had my friend put the thing on eBay.
And one of our astute listeners out there, I'm positive it had to be.
I don't want to say which one.
But nevertheless, oh, and I've contacted the local authorities.
And by the way, he's emailing everybody who's selling tickets on eBay.
That it's against the law and you're all gonna go to jail on the SNN.
So I really don't know what's happening with those tickets.
Do you?
Do I?
No.
No.
Good.
Let's just leave it that way.
Always got to be some people.
See, in America, that's what America's all about.
They want to put everybody in jail.
It's just no matter what it's for, J-walking, scalping tickets.
You name it, picking your nose, popping a bad royd in public, whatever.
Whatever they can put your ass in jail for, they'll do it because that's the American.
And if in a way, especially now, that we got the good stoppo there watching the...
And speaking of throwing a party, we have a big party coming up.
We wish we could invite the audience.
Can we?
No.
We actually probably should.
That would really piss Greg off big time.
And if anybody deserves it, oh, by the way, he's prominently...
He's prominently discussed in that screw-in autobiography, one in the pink and one in the stink.
Most of it is about Greg and Greg, to be honest with you.
You got the book yet?
No.
I'm not done writing it yet.
Oh, yeah.
Anyway, the Summer Ratings are in says this memo.
And Power 96 and WDQ have both showed significant gains in their target demos.
Oh, right.
Do we care about Power 96?
No.
Not the least.
We like Kid Korea a lot.
There's some people over there we like, or you like?
I don't care.
Yeah.
But we don't really care about Power 96 because it's not for us.
It's got nothing to do with us.
In addition to which we work on AM so that most of them people over there look down upon us.
Oh, you're on AM.
Well, you like that.
It's just how they...
When you pass it in a horror and you elevate it, because we're on AM.
And we can relate to it because that's what our signal sounds like.
Most of the time, right?
Oh, yeah.
So that's us.
QAM was number one over on Koshon here with all this about we did this.
Neil and Summer Reliever George Ranked first with a healthy 8.2 share 10 to 2.
Jim Maddits ranked first with a 7.5, 2 to 4.
Absolutely.
Humber Goldberg ranked number one with a sporting.
He was sporting a big one.
The Humber was 6.8 shares.
Absolutely.
4 to 7 p.m.
And, wait until you hear this.
All together, dominating men 25 to 54 summer book.
Congratulations to Josh, aka Clarence Duff, Doreen, and the entire QAM staff for a job well done.
Couldn't have done it without him.
Now, what the hell did Doreen do to have anything to do with those numbers?
Oh, behind the scene stuff, you know.
Yeah, she was doing stuff behind the scenes.
All right.
Chasing Miguel around from room to room trying to get a hold of it.
Trying to sniff it.
Who the hell is that bitch, kid?
And that fat disgusting bitch.
Josh and Duff and Doreen.
I mean, what is this?
What a...
And you remember the employee of the month?
How many years ago that ended?
The QAM?
How fast that ended?
You want to know why?
Why?
Because you ran out of people who could take the pin.
No, seriously, if you...
If you were named the employee of the month, you had a choice to take it.
How much was it 50 bucks?
200, I think.
Was it 200?
Yeah.
200 or a QAM pin?
Well, naturally, and of course, the deal was, it wasn't ever written down, but everybody knew that if you ever took the money, you'd never get picked the employee of the month again.
Except I broke the record.
Right.
And I used to give the money to Joe Costello all the time.
Well, of course, Greg doesn't like Joe Costello too much, so that's why.
Plus, it's too embarrassing to always be named in the middle of the month every month.
Every time the numbers come out.
By the way, thanks to what's his name?
Ray Perry for a check for a band in Peresky.
Right.
Am I right?
I sure hope he gave it to you because you said he really should.
No, no, he gave it to me.
Good guy.
How about to check?
That too.
So thanks to Ray.
We got Ray Perry and Muff Lindsay, who's busy goosing it up in Key West of Fantasy Fath, being a real professional.
And who else?
Curious.
And Curtis.
And that's it.
Anybody else from inside the building?
Give us a check.
A dime.
A penny.
A dollar.
A dollar.
No, Adam.
Adam.
And sales.
Give us a nice check.
Thanks, Adam.
Other than that, Zip and E.Dudeau.
All these high paid colleagues of mine.
It's not like we got some kind of a charity that's like controversial, a band in Peresky.
I mean, anybody doesn't like dogs.
I mean, cats.
I can handle or weasels.
But dogs.
There's something wrong with you if you don't like dogs.
Because to be very honest with you, I'd rather associate with dogs than many of you.
Not all, but many.
Trust me.
It's not a picture.
But it's almost the end of October and you people have been telling me, oh, we'll raise
100,000 this year.
Easy.
Yeah.
I guess if you're each going to put up like 30,000 you and Miguel.
They keep telling me to scan Scott put in his 10 grand.
I think we got a lick.
There's a hundred right there.
We already got 35.
Ten of which is mine.
Pretty weak.
Go online.
George was starting to say before I interrupted him last hour.
But you notice how this is just well after a while.
I'm vacation.
You know, it's so good.
Is it really?
It's all over the place.
I like it that way.
I like it all over the place too.
Believe me.
Anyway, we have an in celebration of our success a ratings party for both power 96 and
QM is taking place Thursday, October 30th of a fade in and beverage is absurd.
The party will be held at.
And uh, Pembroke Pines.
Right.
Staff only.
So I can't tell you where it is because otherwise some of you people would show up and say,
Hey, where's the free food?
Where's the buffet?
Sunday.
And where is the booze?
Let's have a double barrel party for the Marlins and QAM and powers 96.
I'll be taking applications for instant interns.
Send a picture to George at WQAM.com.
Oh, I'm waiting to hear this in order to give you sufficient time to prepare for the evening's festivities.
Our office is well closed at 4 p.m. this Thursday, October 30th.
Well, isn't that nice?
And any signs of Greg would add squiggle on there, which you know, is a glaring example of his deep-seated inferiority complex.
Well, it's not a complex.
It's in his case.
It's real.
Anyway, here's the story.
And I can't believe that Miss Fudge, he must be busy with her boyfriend's.
It must be.
Oh, maybe Miss Thrage is down in fantasy.
Feth, too.
You thinking he what?
Well, because this story was on air last evening.
And I don't, let's see, 2047 is what?
847?
Right.
847 p.m. last night.
And it's still the same.
There's no addition to it.
But it's well worth reading.
Exclusive.
One shock scene in the final production script for CBS's upcoming telefilm The Reagans captures the former president declaring he is the anti-Christ the Fudge Report can reveal.
During a ran-country scandal, Reagan's breakfast room in a White House morning.
Reagan and Nancy sit in front of their breakfast.
They can't eat, can't drink, they're numb.
Reagan.
It's Armageddon.
That's what it is.
Armageddon, the leader from the West will be revealed as the anti-Christ, and then God will strike him down.
That's me, I am the anti-Christ.
Nancy, no Ronnie, Reagan overriding, and the Lord will strike down all the civilization in order to make way for the new order, a new heaven and the new earth.
Nancy reaches out, grabs his hands strongly.
Nancy, hold on.
You've got to hold on, Ronnie.
Reagan's eyes are filling with tears.
He can't help but ease crumbling.
Reagan, I saved 77 lives in 70 years, Nancy.
But I couldn't save those people in Lebanon.
Nancy gets up, puts her arms around him.
She rocks him slowly, silently back and forth.
Frog me gently.
Former First Lady, Nancy Reagan has reached out to Hollywood heavyweights, including Merve Griffin, that lady,
to somehow stop the controversial movie set for broadcast during the November of sweeps.
I'm going to watch that five times, honey, maybe I'll watch it.
God, man.
Yeah, and by the DVD.
DVD.
Oh my God, I'll buy the DVDs, I'll be out, need some extra pier, because I'll be crepping my pantaloonies watching that.
Again.
She had her psychic on one line, and he had his viable in the other hand, and he was so,
before they would like put on at the shoe polish, the Kiwi-Blax shoe polish, to grease him up,
he was always standing in the mirror looking to see where the three sixes were,
because he was the anti-Christ, and believe me, anti-neil knows the anti-Christ when he smells them.
That is just special, ain't it?
I can't wait.
Crazy people in a white house.
And like I've told you, the crazy people are the religious people.
You'll find a part in Michael Moore's book, which I loaded to a friend, I'll get another copy for tomorrow.
I'll read it verbatim, because he says it so much better than I ever could.
But basically, he says the solution to Middle East is let them just blow each other up.
Let them all kill each other.
Why the hell should we care about it?
Right on.
Just give them enough weapons so they can all kill each other, and then let's go on with life.
Mm-hmm.
Because if that's what they want to do, hey, more power to them.
Tubman-Dreer.
More firepower to them.
Right.
Look at that poll, Jeffrey Luria.
Look at that poll, Daniel Samson or whatever hell's name is, David Delilah.
What's your take on a new state and for the world champion, Marlon?
Oh, come on, where's your community spirit, Neil?
You're always peeing on our parade.
I'm just telling you the way it is, okay?
Some of you emotional cripples out there.
You can't handle the truth, like Jack Nicholson said.
275 votes.
What's your take on a new state and for the Marlon?
None of my tax dollars are going to build it.
131.
47.6%.
Let's do what they deserve.
It's 75.
I don't give a crap about it.
44.
It was great, but good by Marlon's 25.
A strong 9% is constant.
You see that number?
Stay in the same room.
9% say, hey, it was great, but we know we're going to get screwed in the end.
You're going to start big and first dating again.
You're going to try to fleece us again and bye-bye.
By the way, speaking of fleecing, I do like that on NBC evening news.
Because in England, 1130 at night, which is like, um, is it 1130?
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's 1030, Brit time.
Because they're like an hour behind a rest of your.
They're like everything else.
They're way behind like civilization.
But they carry the NBC news on BBC and on sky at two hours later,
131.
They carry Dan Rather.
I get Dan Rather, 130 in the morning.
As Al Goldstein, your close friend used to say.
And I was seeing the thing on the fleecing of America.
I do like that.
You see that the government spent $33 million to promote the new $20 bill?
You see that?
No, I didn't.
They spent $33 million to educate the public about the new pin.
And then, you know, they were like, you know,
I think in black and, uh, abuse, uh, $20 bill.
Yeah, it's very gay, too.
Yeah, it is very gay.
Meanwhile, $87 billion that the president wants to stick over there
in Iraq to try to put the pieces together.
I love the way that they keep running around and saying,
Oh, well, we're getting them electricity and rebuilding the hospitals.
Yeah, it's like, if I come to your house and I blow it up,
but I say, oh, hey, look at this.
Now I'm going to go out and bake for money so I can put it back together again.
Thank you.
What?
How do you like that?
Here's a bag of nails.
The $87 billion.
In the meantime, we got all these people out of work.
We got the hospitals in America that aren't worth a crap.
We have schools with no textbooks.
That's another thing that really frosted my ass.
Remember we had the, like, little Joey Conan, his wife is a school teacher.
Right.
A couple of years ago, and kids in Dade County didn't have textbooks to take home
because the schools didn't have enough textbooks to go around for a wee student.
And in the meantime, oh, we got, uh,
supplying textbooks for the kids in Iraq.
Well, screw the kids in Iraq is what I say.
Okay, we are.
When the hell are we ever going to start taking care of Americans is what I'd like to know.
That's right.
I have no dish TV.
That's right.
Let's get this TV for Scott is what I say.
Let's get some free tickets for the Marlins for next season.
So we can actually put some asses in the seats.
The world looks so embarrassing.
Let's take part of that $87 billion and build a nice new stadium,
a domed stadium for the Marlins,
that are fleecing the damn taxpayers this out for it again.
Here to place the shreds.
Every day now we got kids dying.
And the public has said,
when are they going to, when are the,
I know they had a couple of protests over the weekend.
Big deal.
When is the public in the media going to finally get together and start saying,
it's time for impeachment, baby.
We're not talking about a couple of blow jobs.
We're not talking about the devil with a blue dress on her,
a stain on her dress.
We're talking about impeachment, man.
And of course the big push now is,
oh, it's the George Tennant and the CIA.
There are the ones that gave us the bad intelligence.
And you want to know why?
Because where did George Tennant come from?
He was the holdover from the Clinton years.
Oh.
So it's real going to be real easy.
They're going to like nail him to the cross,
speaking of crucifixion.
They're going to nail the CIA to the cross.
And in the meantime, everybody knows,
even Jay Rockefeller was spotted yesterday
on one of them talking, had shows that,
hey, they planned this all ahead of time.
And you're even starting to wonder about that one passage there
from Nick Pack about it would take some gigantic
chalicchlismic event to be able to pull this off the way to Iraq.
I like that.
Nick Pack.
Meaning 9-11.
Peanak. Whatever it is, what I call it.
Nick Pack.
Peanak.
Peanak.
I like Nick Pack better.
Nick Pack.
Leventy-15.
It's 560.
I like my backpack.
It's that time of the year when the mattress,
you're sure, or am I an apprentice,
sir.
Now this copy can't possibly be right, can it?
No.
This copy is old.
It's ancient.
It's like all our other copy.
The sales department at WQM,
they're the antichrist.
Ronnie, don't worry about it.
They're the antichrist.
They suck.
Anyway, if you want a great deal on a name brand mattress,
All you got to do is make one easy call to my friends at Dollar Macris 365 days year.
They give you the best prices, the best election, the best deal all the way around.
And certainly as far as delivery is concerned, like you know by now, nobody comes close to
match them.
So for discount prices on the top names in a business, Celi, Surtre, tempered, Simmons,
King, Carl Sterns, and Foster Hewitt call 1-800-Macris-1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S. No nonsense, no BS,
no bait and swits.
That's what BS stands for.
No house brands, no false promises and best of all.
You don't pay an extra penny for the best service in the world.
When you call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for Dollar Macris, you still get to choose the date and
time for delivery.
Any tour on Windows 7 days week, like say, from 8 in the morning till 10 at night, Monday
noon to 2, Tuesday 1 to 3, 1-45 to 3-45, you'll be sleeping like a baby right away, like
I've been for years on my great mattress and Dollar Macris.
With low prices, same day delivery, free setup and removal, it's easy to see why everybody
knows Dollar Macris is the best in the business for customer satisfaction.
So don't get sucked in by those phony mattress, shoremen, bedding storage.
Or as they can't max what you always get every day from our good friends at Dollar Macris.
Call them right now.
The right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
They're all right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
For all the table talking idiots who wouldn't get any dumber.
Matter not to whatever they are told to believe and worship George's their king.
Right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
Well, the Democrats who crap their pants like a child that is scary movie.
App Terry McCullough who should go home and shut up, but he don't have a clue what he's doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run.
And you can color them done.
If they run jolly, they're mine.
Oi!
Right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
They're all right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
Who get indicative it is a thematicity that you see hummur.
Sportport just remember what I said when it comes in your back.
They make you bored that train.
Right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
They're all right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
They're all the table talking idiots.
Why do I Terry Shrivo is still alive.
Thanks to Jim Bush and Terry's law and I know George is really pissed off at our husband Michael.
But you know something, too bad.
Yeah.
What is this born again?
So you don't have a governor in Florida.
You got a Reverend.
You got father, a jab is what you got.
What the hell is it?
His God damn business getting that damn emergency, the measure pass.
So they can stick the tubes back in that bitch.
She's a vegetable for Krona.
Put some goddamn broccoli on her.
Blue cheese.
Blue cheese and little broccoli on the side.
You got like a vegetable medley.
In fact, maybe that'd be a good place to bring her to medley.
300.
Oh, and he also got some good news during the break screw end because she hasn't donated a dime to
have an impact rescue yet.
She said things are a little bit tight now.
Which she's not talking about herself.
But just to volunteer, she's going to go out there on a corner of Ivory Road in 441
and give Hummer's out to anybody who would like to help abandon pay rescue.
50 cents a piece.
That's exciting.
Huh?
Huh?
What?
What?
I was talking to somebody.
I didn't hear what you said.
How many cents?
30 cents a piece.
329 votes.
What's your take on a new state and for the world champion, Marlins?
155.
47.1 say none of my tax dollars going to build it.
Let's do what they deserve at 94 people 28.5% say, here, let me empty my wallet, okay?
I don't give a crap about it.
53.
And it was great, but good by Marlins 27.
That's down to 8.2%.
Thank goodness for that.
It's dropping now.
Oh, and guess what else happened while I was gone?
I give up.
The big story about your friends at Walmart and all the illegal aliens?
Oh, yeah.
We had a couple on them.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Illegal aliens at Walmart.
All right.
That's the antichrist.
Right there at Walmart.
Anybody in the shops at Walmart, we don't like you very much.
We're telling you for years.
You're right.
I don't shop there.
Evil.
Ooh, evil doers.
For some many evil doers and show a little time, you know what?
Now let's get these phones hopped up here, although we do have that OJ story from the inquire,
which I'm a little bit disappointed in the inquire.
Because the headline, this is from like before I went away, I didn't have time for all of that.
And let me also say one other thing.
Have you noticed how very rapidly somebody, some story has like vanished?
Um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, uh-uh.
Um, um, um, um-um, um-um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, yeah.
I mean, I've been out of the country.
I grant you for ten days.
But you know, I got the internet.
I got the CDC and BBC and the PPC and PBC and the Nick P. Knack and all of that other stuff.
And where's the beef?
Am I right?
Yeah.
Um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, uh-uh.
What's this story?
I think he's drying out with the Jebs daughter
Because I understand she knows where to get the really good stuff
Not one more worried about rush and boy you talk about numbers man. You talk about come land down. Oh
They said five weeks you should hold your breath. It's gonna be five weeks for him to come back
But anyway, we got the Robert Kardashian died as you know who was OJ's good buddy in the first attorney. I'm really dumbed him
That's story got Dr. Phil is a fraud. I love that story anything bad about Dr. Phil people that we despise people are total phonies and making millions as a result of it
So I got tomorrow's pull already about the companies. I'm not gonna do it right now
See if I tell them now then they'll start calling with that
I don't want to interfere with all the tremendous volume of calls. We're getting about the marlins and the world series victory
You see that?
Here's one from four-letter deal right now. Hello
Four-letter deal
We love that there's not a call out. Well, others won
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line at noon Eric will change the pool will go to pool number two
Which will be here's the question
Because we don't want to put down you know emphasize the stadium issue even though we do know that the community will be a pressured and blackmailed again
Hey, if you want us to keep all these players man
See we already went through that one time. What was called a Macarena?
Well if you want to keep the Panthers you're gonna have to build us a bigger arena and Broward and the Audi Audi Audi
and and all that other crap and then then we'll spend the money
We'll have a winner or keep this great thing and of course they they seized upon that one big year when a Panthers got hot for two months
Didn't really have such a great season they got hot for two months
I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down. Okay. If Broward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility
I will not play here
Because I will not have you guys
Looking at me for the next ten years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else and now
What do we got we had another white elephant?
We just had to stir a couple weeks ago about how in fact it was Michael hold the Mayo that wrote that story in the scum
Sentinel about how Broward isn't getting 50 cent from the Macarena there that the Wayne is fleecing all the money again and all the concessionaires
New wherever else
So you know just a question about ask yourself you want to go down that road again?
Or you really care about it really that much you know, I'm saying and so far they don't so far
Tell me about it a little bit less than a third man percent who are still wound up with that you fewer and probably a little bit
Plasters from all the big parties over the weekend the celebrations the big parades. Hey, we love the yeah
Same then people let me say it again
And I noticed that the guilty this morning line again
17,000 they did not average 17,000 a game the average just a little over 16,000 a game and if you took away the last month from that
It would be like more 11 and 12,000
When they had those gigantic crowds when the fur running phony is some started all those people started showing up because they could smell
Oh, yeah, we want to be on his van wagon
27 past 11 at 560 WQ and big news how the party at GMC has just been voted the number one party at GMC dealer in Dave County in
customer satisfaction
Tom Laman and Joe Prieta want to thank their lower customers for their support just like we want to thank them for their support on this show
Now through the weekend take advantage of Neil deals and over 60 and wait a minute now through the weekend. It says heirs 1020 to 1024
Okay, so Bob is a burg now wanting to be left out of the asshole Prieta QA and a sales department. This is last week's copy
Right, so now through last weekend take advantage of Neil deals and over 60 GMC on boys and on boy of cells and stock by an envoy
See if Clarice is listening or muck down in Key West. Of course he's useless anyway because he's out of touch
This we've got a crisis in the sales department is that unusual? No, we got a crisis
Buy an envoy for as low as 24 998 to last weekend. That's right on boys and on boy excels as low as 24 998 to last weekend
Save up to 5 grand with combined discounts and rebates are get zero percent interest
Of course how it's all so that is always a phenomenal selection certified pre-owned cars
Trusted SUVs and your credit is never a problem when you do your vehicle shop at and how it because they want to cut you deal
Great Neil deals every day these are maybe some others
I don't know because I have no real copy from Bob Eisenberg and how it potty XGMC
13401 South Dixie highway that's US one across in the falls open every day seven days a week for more info
Call the Neil Rogers Neil deal hotline that's Neil Neil Neil at 1.885 3 4 4 2 11 maybe just
1.885 3 4 4 2 11 don't forget all offers something to credit approval
See our friends at heliport details and apologize on my behalf to them for Bob Eisenberg being such a puss
Halopoddy XGMC unlike Bob they are professional grade
All they're allowing
I'm looking over with Christian super fun
Do they polish out the fish?
On the tailgate of their truck
Whoa, I'm looking over with Christian super fun
See that standing heat and sit back down I can't chew
And watch it all down with their 12-pack of fruit
Live a life aboard a tough-to-gammon hill door
Got only a smile left on the floor in that hole
Whoa, I'm looking over with Christian super fun
Yeah, I'm looking over with Christian super fun
Now I'm wondering if that would be a good poll question
It wouldn't take too long
What do you think the reason is for the fires in California?
Is it because God has pissed off for the Arnold business or is it because more Howard David is coming to town?
That might be it because he's there right now
So let's hope the mad dog gets out okay, but maybe if Moe's Weasel got caught on fire?
Something to think about
Here's a call from Daniel. Hello
Neo, welcome back. Yes, sir. Welcome back. We missed you. Here I am
Neo, I know you already know this, but I'm gonna say this for the benefit of your listeners. Did you notice?
Did you notice W and his administration went on an offensive to try to tell the American people what a great time was going on over in Iraq and how everything is going well and we're working on it.
It's a party man. Right. Do you notice how he did that and then Rumsfeld's memo comes out?
Right. And which everything seems to be blowing up in their face lately. The only problem is the public doesn't give a crap.
But why don't you hate to be lied to you though? That's isn't that like you know I work at QAM. I'm used to it.
Hey, by the way, when you were gone, Murray and all the front was giving a two weeks to strengthen everything up for their gonna can around.
Oh, I'm so glad you mentioned that as he set out all these extra ballots. Nice going, Miriam.
Yeah, she's out the door. They're gonna kick her out. Neil don't hold your breath man. She's pretty grand though. She said last time when they got her the news people got her.
She said, I got time for you. I'm going to lunch honey. We can hire her to work in the traffic department. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah. Talk about a militant bitch. Miriam elephant man. There are people.
I got a whole bunch of ballots. That's how it's going to be. Well, and why not? That's the floor. Affent way. Isn't it for every election now? Sure. How many times do you vote?
That's not bad. That's just for dead. And now poor Jeb, he's between a crock and a hard place because now he's you know he's itching to get her ass out of there. Her dark ass out of there. Oh, oh, that may not fly so good. You know what?
How could he have possibly won that last election? Of all the things that just mind boggling to me wasn't even close. It was it was a runaway. Yeah.
I'll a glance slide. You know why? Why is that was captain Harris counting the votes again? By the way, here she's on that plane.
So here's a fact that says I love this fact. Thank you, Andrew. This current book confirms that Greg Reed is a jackass. Absolutely.
But continues to get away with it. This guy has got his thumb right on it, even the shot at you. It says there's a frequent business travel or a list of sports stations all over the country.
Well, see like I said this guy into it. I mean, just the sports.
WQM is the only station in the world that programs 45 minutes an hour of spots. Not on the show. They don't this hour. The list. The limit is 16. The list. The list.
Don't forget one in the pink one in the stink. WQM is the only station that programs the many spots put Steve Goldstein in George Rodriguez on the air spelled with the G.
These guys may be topical and humorous, but it's impossible to get past this out of their voices for five seconds. Now that's bad.
I'm just that is bad that he puts. I mean, is as terminal and monotone and mumbling as you are to put you in a class with guilty as far as voice.
Well, he's a sports home. I'm considering the source. Then he says Tommy the flaming queen reading spots. He may be giving away $100 bills, but I can't push the button fast enough.
That's a good pull at this guy just gave me. Thank you, Andrew. Who has the most annoying voice on Q.A.M. have we done that? I don't think so.
For all for all, Gelly George or Tommy.
I'm a spot man. I think I still have Lenny on here every now and again. When he more, but he's never around anymore. What happened to him? I don't know. I see him around now and again.
He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy
He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy but
He's a great guy but dead. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Kevin running. You're all- oh. This is fun guy. Who's this guy? Who's this guy?HO. There is a bad guy who's this guy. He keeps sh shadows. He keeps shame on ships. God. He keeps shame on ships. He keeps lemmingsighs. He keeps emmen. He keeps emmen. He keeps emmen. Finish him off. The
What's he keeps his head. He keeps shining on ships. He keeps moving heavy to while he's humming and making a show up to the hairstyling hero right away. It's time for hiding signatures in his thickets delta. The
He keeps all cincing needles in his thick hands with the
over. Let's see who they plan this week. Now how come they're going back on the road again?
What kind of a schedule is this man? Gary Bentman needs to be he's be put up the pastries in
Indian. The Panthers at the Flyers Wednesday? Yeah they were just up in the New York area.
Yeah well what is this? What kind of a schedule is they come back for one game? Then they go to
Atlanta and now they take their offer two days and then they're going to Flyers on Wednesday.
What a schedule man. They won't win at home again this month. That's for sure. Panthers at Ottawa.
Well there's two losses for you right there. I don't want to sound negative because you know me
Mr. Negative but I don't want to sound negative but there's two losses right there.
Oh and look at that you've got Joseph Gackie and Dave Gurgley on. I never look at that weekend
schedule. Joseph Gackie and Dave Gurgley man I think Andrew had a point.
Except of course for Rippin George and Ask we don't want to do that. I want it.
No I hear not what about that thing. I agree with them. I said let's let George do 10 to 2 for
your Nancy with the book says as long as my check show up. I think that's my idea. What do you say?
Yeah let's do it. That's like George do 10 to 2 for one year. Only if we trade pay check.
I will continue to travel the world my check will show up and every now and then I might like
jikas as call in just out of amusement say you know. My packs you a poll idea or something like
that. I'll send it in on the email from easy easy internet cafe right. Is that all they do?
I know we'll see what the numbers say. What do you say? Let's take a poll on that right now
before the break instant poll should we let George do the show for a year 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 don't
answer them. I'll do the screenless. Thank you. 5 6 7 I mean right now 0 5 6 8 and then the
pound 5 6 on the A and T George for a year and then we'll see what the ratings are at the end of
a year. Give me a year. Just imagine all the energy I'll have. Listen how energetic I am now
just after vacation. What's how many voices I can do? Can you imagine WQM hello
George for a year. I asked for a buddy. Are you kidding me?
Just just a yes or no would do pal okay I know you're very emotional about it and you got your
George blow up down there you're probably humping right now WQ I am hello. Neil no way.
That was Scott doing a voice good job Scott. Thank WQM hello. You want to leave George
on for a whole year. What do you say? He's not bad I like listening to him. You're both
are pretty good. So what do you think? I'll say yes. What do you think? One in the pink and one in the
stink. 19 till noon. Oh that's your man. She has got such a sense of humor. I can't wait to read
the chapters about Roy and man and of course what's his name? Roy and his toy. What a boy and uh
yeah. Yeah. Boy 18 till noon at 560 WQM although maybe where I was Jewish I don't know I guess
we'd have to find out you first you check. You know this this thing with a copy situation maybe
the audience thinks that I'm joking but I do have even more than six years of QM just a little
tiny bit of a conscience and not much but it's just a scandal this ought to be on the front page
of both local newspapers. I mean a QM sales department is just they've abandoned the ship. It's
Captain Quigman they're like a roller-near steel ball. A search in for the strawberries or some
other fruit by the way he's in Key West and they just left us with a held in a ball here. Hold
it our ass with both hands. Can you believe it? I believe it. Do you know what the date on this
copy is? Seven seven and it's 1027. Let me tell you about my good friends at dry concepts. I
freaking bad it is so stale even last year's Halovah and Moths's fresher than the copy we get
from the sales department. You guys are pathetic it's not that you do it a bad job you're not doing
any job. Get with it. Get off your arse man. Troy Stratford here's a ball hit of geek who's
always belly-hicken about his bad back and about this and in the meantime all he did was inherit
a bunch of pleasure counts. He just sucks up the commission every month and that's it. Doesn't
let the freaking finger always probably left the alarm right now. Dry concepts is the number one
carpet cleaning for a company for over 20 years have been cleaning my carpets over 20 years
of my house as you know and they're the only company in the world that dry cleans your carpets
which separates the men from the boys that's why they're the best and not dry concepts off as you
a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Call them tool free at 1-800-248-5071. Be sure
mention Troy Stratford when you called out laughed their ass off and ask them to put you understand
wireless then dry concepts will call it next time they have an opening in their schedule. It's
like when you fly standby if you're available when they have an opening you get the deal and they'll
knock 15% off the price to make it even better. So call dry concepts today for an unbeatable job. Your
carpets will look and smell and feel just like brand new they'll be levany fresh and they'll be
dry in a couple of hours you'll be a happy camper and don't forget to give you guaranteed written
price before they start the job. Here's the number to call again 1-800-248-5071 or check them out
on the wicked worldwide web at dryconcepts.com. I think at the end of all of the live spots from now on
until pillow sales department starts doing something all I wanted to say like Arnold I apologize.
You want to take your own set I said you're meant here's what you must do next if you want to
practice your faith young man there's a place you can chill I said you're meant if you're a $3 bill you can't
right there and then you may convert they won't treat you like a pervert
it's fun to pray at the appares no culture it's fun to pray at the appares school culture yeah
or the official snowshake and there is no doubt he's one of the first sent out it's fun to pray
if I'm a bitch go on church it's fun to pray at the appares school culture yeah
and they do not persecute you can worship in peace you can marry a girl named Steve
a bitch go on church it's fun to stay at the appares school culture yeah
young man young man we will let you run in young man young man we sing shows who's not here
love and so don't here's another pleasant fact from jm who of course doesn't have a real name even a
real phony one that he would sign on the fact dear nio you said the bullet train referendum would never
pass it did how's that thing coming by the way anybody right now uh yeah you said the half sent
the half penny increase in date sales tax would never pass it did I live in brown you say the
marlins won't get a new ballpark they will now when did I say that did I just get to say a little
while ago and several times during the show today that behind the scenes all the all the uh
hands would be in grease the palms of being greased all the wheels are turned in behind the scenes
and no matter what the taxpayers of the public think uh in they'll find a way it says there will be
a there will be a public vote in date county concerning a new ballpark during the 2004 election
what you know what let me say it again I live in brownwood county when you do right well I mean
at least that's why I pay my taxes always talking about day county but I'm sorry too
and here's a poll topic for you says jm is the last parting shot one of the chances of the marlins
renewing their broadcast contract with wqm oh my god isn't that something don't you feel like we've
been intimidated we've been sufficiently warned that we better knuckle under and say all of the
right things now I'd say the chances are 100 percent what do you think I think that nobody else
is going to be stupid enough to take right in addition to which I don't even know when a marlins
contract is up when and nobody cares the fact that we're playing those promos on there now patent
ourselves on the back all of the games were brought cat you know on the flood the flagship station
and playing highlights from david van boring even even jim sarni who is as boring as vanilla pudding
even he I noticed a few days ago took a shot I think was last week in his Friday column
and made a comment about the great call by boob shamby on the game living home run by
Alex Gonzalez what they was that there was game five yeah you know the 11th inning home run
at Alex Gonzalez to win a game well anyway whatever day it was and sarni was oh it was a
wonderful call can you imagine the the call if it would have been the vanilla or whatever
adjective he used the vanilla calls of david van boring up up and away yeah good point sarni
it's about time he said something playing highlights by david van boring this man is so coma
inducing so terminal it's the disgrace they should have just tossed him off to the side paid him
off to go away and let boofs do the whole game during the playoffs and the and the serious am I
right about that yeah absolutely everybody knows that even George knows that what about boofster
oh yeah boofs and outstanding broadcaster yes he is and we like him a lot too he doesn't
here he does never hot white do all that weight watch all the right and keep it off see I get accused
of being mr negative but just like this facts this is the tone of it you people in date county
voted for the metro rail to how's that coming huh oh that's looking really good I mean it can
snooker you one way or the other all I got to do is get free passes out to the cock fight so
that's about all it takes in date county who the hell are you people shitting huh all the palms
are being greased and all the right places which is why we'll be on a ballot and by the way if it
is on a ballot the verdict will be no if that's the only way that they think they're going to put it
off it to put it to a public referendum it ain't gonna pass there are two chances none and much much
much less than none you can bet your life on at jm oh guess what jm that must have been all right
when he's off today see he's home right in faxes mad dogs off today we got Joe Rosenthal
oh I always chuckle when Joe is on you want to know why why's that because I know that during part
of his show he's gonna talk about power from bokeh yeah he's gonna say take a shot the hump
row beyond between four and five another tough assignment for Hank today because we got a dolphin
so we are so sports intensive now it's nauseating five o'clock we start to four hours of pre-game
in sanity so we can cram in not forty five but about fifty five minutes of spots each hour for
Andrew who's upset that we played too many spots dolphins count out a kickoff at five and then
kickoff at nine the dolphins at the another girls team sandy go charges what kind of a schedule is
this they got this year huh there was a change I just got a call what is that Joe Rosenthal
five today oh how about that Joe Rosenthal to five not two to four because they're not going to have
the hump or come in for one hour guy of his uh statue and size they'll come waddling in for one
stinking hour so two to five you get three hours of joy should have plenty of chance talk about
moe am I right absolutely sure to rip him an ass nice going Joe we love you baby so Joe Rosenthal
get three hours of the little dog and then you got the count down to kickoff dolphins at the
charges at nine as they play another week sisters of the blind dolphin point after eleven so we
have two hours of post game and in Joe mark one go five an a m because we're not going to bring
any k for one hour either huh no right so that's the schedule congratulations to Joe and mark
did not say that that show there's was really kicking ass that day that every day a seven point
that something what do they have overnight seven point seven whatever was they had a big number
in there one to five a m seven points and I think they had a seven four or something whatever was
a big number in there was a real strong q a book and men every all the men in town were listening
to us including the ones they're sending these faxes oh you say this and you said that but you're
listening mean time this guy's going back years ago so here you this guy sending me faxes about
stuff I said how many years ago yeah and he's still listening that's what counts okay because we're
still kicking ass we're still number one we're still raking in the box with her without them Arlands
but you know what her reminds me of what her reminds me of that business with Donna Shalila
that crap with the billboards but we've got balls you know and again I was all stirred up by the same one
agitated out there the Ojan Prabhakatur oh when you'll see the hurricanes are going to
re-stop with QA because they're going to be pissed off of these things that you say to you a little
about the hercones and about those billboards and guess what what station did they resign with WQAM
okay am I right you are absolutely correct got my thumb right on it now you were right seven four
yeah seven four hey yeah don't mess with me on those numbers man I mean not no much else
I'm like Ronnie I know three numbers six six six what's your take here's the last shot never change
the pool because we don't want to get J.M. upset what's your take on a new stadium for the world
champion marlins 433 votes in hour and a half that's pretty heavy duty George none of my tax
dollars will build it 2146.4% and you want to know why I can vote for that because I live in
Broward not in day but in Broward I mean we're a stupid in Broward but not that stupid no let's do
what they deserve at 130 you know what percent that is exactly 30% right on the money nice going
I don't give a crap about it 64 and it was great but good by marlins 38.7% say enough already
well look at this a new copy look at that from fat boy you are such a I'm telling you this
sales department they they need to be in prison there are people on death row for lesser crimes
than they've committed to our fine clients or spending their hard-earned money trying to get some
response oh look at this survey shows big support for rush in a survey of rush limbaugh's
audience conducted for critical mass media by Burke incorporated more than 9 out of 10 listeners
said that news of limbaugh's road dependency had not diminished their regard for him keep reading
indeed 22% of those questions so they had game respect for rush because of the way he's handling his
problems are only 8% so they had less and overwealth oh here comes the best part as senator john
McCain might say critical mass media like the nab is a wholly on subsidiary of clear channel
communications which also just happens to syndicate rush by its premier radio networks okay yeah
so that is kind of sounds to me like the flora election
like maybe a little bit ulaaxa na na na na na na na na o
suspense preena da cough that done up at a place accident in 30 sense
live on a half a cup god come up okay coffee it's Starbucks
anyway here's pool number two before we do the break how much do the world series win by the
marlin's impact your interest in the team let's have honest answers now I know that's a lot to
ask how much did the world's series win by the marlin's impact your interest in this team
Here's your four choices.
Tons, I'm a real fan now.
Some, but I've been a fan.
A bit, I watch some of all of the games,
and not at all, I still don't give a shit about them.
There you go, there's the second pool.
Let's separate them in from the goi.
Now, including that JM out there.
What do you say, JM, huh?
We love them. Marl.
In fact, JM, since you're such a big shot,
you're so enthused and gung-ho.
You would dig in your pockets and you'd build a goddamn stadium.
How do you like that?
Oh, he will, with Glee.
That's right. You put your wife out there in the street corner with screw-in,
30 cents is shot, huh?
Tumbers on the street corners.
Oh.
Three minutes till noon at QAM,
if you're looking to replace that really tired old carpeting in your home,
let me tell you about Laminates or Us.
They're the easy to smart, the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring.
Laminates or Us is the best, the smartest place for you to find
Laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe.
They got them all. They got Peridot, Pergo, Wilson Art, Uniflor, Quick Step,
and all of Laminates or Us flooring is installed by Pergo Certified Instaulers too.
Here's another reason why I'd be calling Laminates or Us.
Their prices are so low, see how much I practiced to it,
their prices are so low that they'll probably flooring it.
Right now get their fall special for just $1495.
Just $1495 gets you up to $295 square feet of beautiful Laminate wood flooring,
which is positively unbeatable.
Laminates or Us will match any legitimate ridden offer to prove you just how unbeatable they are.
For a free and home estimate, call Laminates or Us toll-free
and tell them that cranky crusty old negative knee-al-toy to call 1-877-777-3336.
What could be easier? Free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving a 25-year warranty,
and years of beautiful easy care Laminate wood flooring.
Call Laminates or Us toll-free today at 1-877-773336.
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12-1 hour on QAM.
Slip slide into court, slip slide into court.
They think their product has been slandered and so they're slipped slide into court.
David Spade hasn't filmed.
It's called Dicky Roberts.
He chose and skidding on a slip and slide until it hurts.
When the lawyers saw that it filled them with joy,
it's not every day you get to see one behalf of a water toy.
Slip slide into court, they're filing a tort.
You know that well always be owed and now they're slipped slide into court.
Slip slide into court, it's a new water sport.
Another privilege lawsuit is gonna slip slide into court.
Slip slide into court.
203-560, we can change the pool now Eric had 454 votes.
29.0, now they actually goosed it up again right around 30.
20.1% said, let's do it, let's build that state and put them all in the reserve.
There was some phony votes there right at the end, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, because 134 like 3 and the last 4 votes,
that was J.M. probably in his buddies Polylon,
and they're the last one, they probably live in Broward.
They probably live like right over the county line in Miramar somewhere like that.
Won't pay a dime out of their pocket.
Oh you people in Dave County, build a new stadium, we'll come there.
I got any free tickets now.
Now how come we don't have any calls on the board?
I thought this was Marlon Celebration Monday on QA, wasn't it?
No, this was in St. Paul, you said.
Another George thing?
Yeah, well that's over where the answer was no.
No, no.
Okay, you want to continue, you just want to answer the phone.
Now you can do screenless the rest of the day.
I don't know what the answer is.
No calls up.
Well let's do screenless without calls.
Here you go, here's one of them.
Well what the hell is that?
QA in?
What is that sound?
I don't hear anybody right when they were calling.
QA in?
Oh there's nobody there.
I don't see anybody down.
I don't see anybody down.
QA in, hello.
The Marlon's blown.
Yeah, blow this, okay, New Yorker, New York asshole.
Now you understand why New York won the appall?
Oh yeah, George took on Friday hands down.
You can smell them a hundred miles away man, just like this last guy.
How to mess through him by the way huh?
How about the jets?
They're really hot.
Giant's won a game this day.
You see that's got the giant sub-hunter Minnesota right there.
Yeah, they run beat in money, huh?
The Minnesota Vikings run defeated coming into the game.
2917 if my memory is correct.
With two late touchdowns and kicked their ass, that's a bad news.
Because quarterback, what does his name carry, uh, carry columns?
Yeah.
Cry baby.
Cry's a lot of the ones we have our operations manager of mufflin's e.
Cry's a lot.
Although I don't think he spends any time in Key West.
Mufflin's e.
If anybody's looking for muff, muff is in Key West at fantasy fifth.
He's having a gay time.
Guff, guff, this ins...
A wonderful time and every time you play that.
Guff, guff, this ins...
He probably is.
Yeah.
Because he takes his vitamins.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Come on, let's, let's hear it for those Marlins.
What an ungrateful bunch of bastards man.
And heaven, did I say Alder and the playoffs that it was good for the community?
That I was glad even though I wasn't going to be a frontward fronting fan.
Phony.
That at least I thought it was something positive and an other, an area otherwise
bashed in, uh, bade in negativity.
Now what I said?
Yep.
Sure I did.
And then, uh, but I just don't want to be phony enough to say, hey, let's get gun hole now.
Let's run a campaign.
You get to stand because that's bull crap.
It's ridiculous.
It's absolutely ludicrous and it's unacceptable.
Oh, there's the new pool.
Let's see.
How much did the World Series, uh, what am I going to vote on here?
Um, no, a bit.
I watched some or all of the game.
I was like little tiny, uh, a couple of pitches here and ending there.
So I'll, I'll be generous.
I'll vote for that one a bit.
I watched some or all of the game.
That's it.
It made me into a real fan.
I was having, oh, and at one anti-Semitic fan, you sent me.
Why did you voice your time?
So did you write it?
Yeah, right.
Did you write it?
No, too.
W-Q-A-M.
Hi.
I wanted to place the order for delivery.
You want to say one?
Hello?
What is it?
Oh, man.
What a ball of fire.
It's South Florida, baby.
The town is on fire.
Everybody thinks it's California that's on fire.
It gets out Florida.
They're flaming, man.
You can hear it.
He's caused the enthusiasm, the excitement.
It's beyond belief.
All we get are a bunch of sarcastic facts is, you know, hostility because it's a...
Baaaaaaming!
That's South Florida for you.
Well, look at their blown a lot of smoke out there in San Diego.
Stated destruction.
Maybe they're putting their boat.
See how that works in mysterious ways, just like Pat Robertson said.
He's got the whole state on fire now because of Arnold, a terminator.
He's going to terminate California.
Talk about crispy critters.
Let's see.
Here's one, Dear Kermudgen.
During your briefification, George and Suss did a brilliant job of keeping us stimulated and entertained.
Now we're in the midst of a two-day celebration here in our beloved South Florida because of our Marlon's wonderful victory over these soulless Yankees.
Is it too much to ask you show a little joy for us?
We have so little to be happy for down here in our third world situation.
While you've asked in the resort town of Toronto, oh, this is a resort town.
That's a good one.
We eek out our meager resistance here.
So let us express joy for our baseball team.
A phony fax here.
I'll fance from my husband.
It's only till tomorrow that we can forget they exist till next summer providing their winning.
Well, at least he got back to honesty down the end.
As long as they're winning, then every few people stay on a bandwagon.
If by some chance they wind up not being able to, you know,
we sign a lot of these high-priced players like Pudge, Fudge, Mr. Rudge.
Well, and then if the team should go into Schmidt House, then all of a sudden they'll hop off the bandwagon just like they have over and over again.
The excuse being, oh, when they broke up the team, they did this, or they lost a couple of games.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
I'll tell you about what's ridiculous.
I should ask, Bill, let me forget to ask Farrell Lamar, because he broadcasts the thransher games for what one season I think.
Yeah.
Now, you know that they're off to this tremendous start in spite of their business with Hitley and Dan Snyder getting killed.
But they're off to a phenomenal start.
In fact, they finally lost their first game to the Panthers, no less three to the other night.
Now, I watched a little bit of that game Saturday with the rimman.
And I'm going to tell you something.
There was nobody there.
The box scores that it was 16,000 people there.
I think they had the 16 part, right, but not the thousand.
And it was nobody.
You talk about a horse ball sports down, and Atlanta is one of the worst.
The Braves don't even sell out the playoff games because, wow, we know they're going to choke.
What is that?
That is one of the worst freaking sports down.
So even though the thrashers got a really exciting young team and off to a really good start, there is nobody at those games there.
Did you see any of it?
Yes, I did.
And am I right?
You are correct, sir.
There was, I mean, it was frightening.
If there was 5,000 people there, that was a lot.
Maybe they counted them each three and a half times.
We had about 12,000 for the wild game.
Yeah.
Do you want a medal?
13,000 reported.
Yeah, it was a pretty full house.
And there was no game ball, ball, ball, ball.
What do you mean, travel?
What do you mean it was a pretty full house?
This place seats 19,000, 12,000 to full house now.
How many of those were paid tickets?
How many were actually paid to get in?
About third, man.
If that.
Okay, here is the early result on our, this is the important poll.
The other one, they'll, they'll, they'll slide it through.
You'll see, just like they did in the arena and Broward.
33 votes, how much did the World Series wins by tomorrow and Zimpact
you're interested on the team?
A bit, I watched some of all of the game 16.
Tons, I'm a real fan now, six.
We believe you.
Ha ha ha.
Not at all.
I still don't give a shmit about them six.
And some, but I've been a fan all along five.
There you go.
That's the LA of the land.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
And I'm saying you call up and congratulate the team, Jack McKin,
the Josh Beckett, big fat ass pudge Rodriguez, all of these guys.
Alex, Robert Gonzalez, Rodriguez Gonzalez Martinez and
sounds like a guy named Mafia, a bunch of Mafia Cuban hitman.
What it sounds like.
They are.
Sounds like the scene from Scarface.
WQAM.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Okay, this meal.
Sounds like me.
How you doing, Neil?
Let me say it again.
Pretty good.
Great.
Two things.
All the people were saying bad things about the Marlin,
they're not getting stadium office cronful, Yankee fans.
Yeah.
And second go Yankee.
Go out and go Marlin.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Oh, we're out of roll now, baby.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound, five, 60, Amanda,
talk about the gang that couldn't shoot straight.
I know, actually they do that.
Well, they don't always kill who they're aiming for, but they want to kill
in somebody.
pound, five, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Marlin.
Don't forget our best of Neil on our website on NeilRudgers.com,
CDs, cassettes, and we're starting to talk.
This is the third time we're going to try to do it.
Let's try it in.
About the coasters and whatever else.
What we got on there?
T-shirts.
We got a couple of things that we're going to do.
We got a couple of things that we're going to do.
We got a couple of things that we're going to do.
We got a couple of things that we're going to do.
We got a couple of things that we're going to do.
We got a couple of things that we're going to do.
We got a couple of things that we're going to do.
We got a couple of things that we're going to do.
We got a couple of things that we're going to do.
Is it successful or successful or successful in writing news?
Uh, this is really fast.
The last news is how we did things.
If you have a $200,000 loan, once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial
group, you'll never pay closing costs again.
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
Grab real financing power with a low-rate mortgage, you can move to your next property without
further cost or expense.
Only one mortgage from financial group is the way to go.
Call 1-800-940-LAND.
There's no obligation to give you all the details that the whole new way to buy.
Zero underwriting fee, zero document fee, zero prepayment penalty, zero closing cost, even
when you move to another property.
So get yourself financing at just 1.95%.
Call 1-800-940-LAND and never, ever, never pay closing costs again.
Call them today, toll free, 1-800-940-LAND, equal housing lender, restrictions apply, rates
up to change monthly, 5.19 APR.
Buy the local, this is 560.
The radio's all yours now.
QAM.
The Marlin, the Florida Marlin.
Sometimes if you have a problem, it helps to talk to people who have overcome the same
problem.
Hi, my name is Sally and I'm still interested in Chamberlain.
That's why there's Benefer Anonymous, a support group for those tormented souls crippled
by their addiction to the celebrity couple the rest of the world has finally stopped caring
about.
Every day I wake up wondering, are they broken up?
Is the wedding on or on?
What is the answer?
Does anyone know the answer to Sally's question?
Yeah, I do.
It...who...gives a crap.
At Benefer Anonymous, we know your bombarded with temptation from media outlets, help that
to fuel your unhealthy obsession.
Today I made a breakthrough, and learnt that there's a war in a rat and a prolonged economic
slump.
Very good, Sally.
I'm not sure how these things will affect Jennifer and Ben.
Intervention!
Intervention guys, get over here!
No matter the severity of your Benefer addiction, Benefer Anonymous can get you the help
you sow desperately need.
All Benefer Anonymous meetings are held in quiet private locations with no one else around,
in movie theaters that are still showing G-Leap.
The Florida Marlins!
On Sports, radio, my 60 WMQA!
Okay, is that enough of those or not?
No, one more.
The Florida Marlins!
On Sports, radio, my 60 WMQA!
From my teen at five...
The Florida Marlins!
On Sports, radio, my 60 WMQA!
Come on, Neil.
Jump on that bad wagon.
Put on a phony act for us.
Pretend that you're all excited and thrilled and jumping up and down and doing it because
I'm asking you, Pants.
Come on, do it.
Put your pants a couple of times just to make everybody all excited.
That sounded like something else.
5'670560.
Oh, five, five, five, six, not that excited.
I was just doing it.
On pound 5'6, you were just like George's doing, pound something else on a 18-teen for
Rise of Marlins line.
Come on, let's get some enthusiasm out of that data.
I remember back in a playoffs one day we did the same thing and it was the same response.
I say, go, yeah, I mean, go, Marlins.
He was good.
Yeah.
That will return.
Maybe he can be the mascot next year or maybe he can call again instead of Dave Enboring.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's going on, buddy?
How you doing, Pali?
I am same old crap.
Same old crap.
What's going on, Neil?
What you been up to?
What can we do for you, sir?
I thought Saturday, I'll be there, went down because they were going crazy over an
A-Street and had a meal.
I had the whole lady hanging out the bag of the navigator with the possum parents.
I thought I'd cast the wind down.
Yeah.
Cancer does go down.
That's what I'm hearing.
I'm bush.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60.
A lot.
He goes for a 5'60 on the 18-teen.
And for Rise of Marlins line.
So, hell with it, Fidel.
You see, that must have been Miguel doing a voice, you know what?
Because, and you notice this time, Dan La Bastard, because last time I checked Josh Beckett
was just an Anglo guy, you know?
Yeah.
Just an ordinary one of those white, pasty, Anglo kids.
He's not like Leavon.
So, Dan La Bastard can't write.
We won the World Series, not the Marlins, but we de Cubans won the World Series, not this
time, Dan.
Sorry, Danny Boy.
Good old cracker.
Nobody to QIM?
I think the best thing about the wanted one was, you know, New York and Jews.
Thank God there's no old Jews in South Florida.
Oh, hey.
He's the one that sent that fast that you sent, man.
Must have been.
Yeah.
And George Steinberger, by the way, he had to break the news to the end.
Jewish.
Not to thank God.
We got enough problems.
WDQIM.
Cleveland's a girls team.
WDQIM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, welcome back, first of all.
Thank you so much.
I want to let you know also that George and Scott had a great chat with you, John.
George and Scott.
I know Scott's been a lot of mentions here.
He must actually said something.
I'm not giving a good team.
Oh, but I think how much George for the next year?
Well, I just take the paychecks.
What do you say?
Three months, three months, please.
Okay.
Okay.
Starting tomorrow.
No.
And the all I'm sorry about, uh, about Ronald Reagan.
Did you ever, did you ever notice Ronald Wilson Reagan, six initials, six, six?
Oh, wow.
I mean, what can you say?
I mean, I'm even in the middle of this term.
You could tell that he was already losing it.
I don't know if you remember the, uh, the 84 debate, the debate against Mondale.
Yeah.
At the end of the second one, he just went off in the, in the lava land.
He was talking about driving along the coast or something.
And I mean, you could see him just like, gripped off and then, and then he didn't have
much left because when he said that he didn't fall down, he managed to get to the whole
thing without falling down.
He was still standing at the end.
Therefore, he won the debate.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Hey, one last thing also, uh, as just new movie is coming up, uh, if anybody wants to
get the real low down on, on the Nancy Reagan about her background about how she's nice
her father, you know, her birth father and everything, uh, Kitty Kelly, uh, unauthorized
biography just called Nancy Reagan, you know, by Kitty Kelly.
Okay.
It's very good.
I really recommend it.
Okay.
Thanks, Polly.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Wouldn't she the devil with a red dress?
Oh, yeah.
Five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
We are hearing enthusiasm about that Marlon world series victory, the Lexa, which is almost
impossible to believe.
And was that line one?
Is there something wrong with that?
Yeah, remember you went to it and there was nobody there.
Yeah, it's WDQAM.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to mention that back during game four or five of the theories, uh, when
they had the rain delay.
Right.
Well, after they started playing again, you looked in the stands and there was nobody
there.
Where'd they all go?
Where'd they all go?
Yeah, we don't have that.
It says that's crap in the light.
It's a little bit of crap.
Well, what the hell is Miguel?
No, no, a lot of people did go, but they didn't leave.
They just went underneath to get the give me shelter and we're going to play give me shelter
on the PA.
Yeah.
See, all this negativity, I don't know when it gets accused all the time.
Well, how come you can't be more enthusiastic and help be the, the, the pie, piper for the
big parade?
And the meantime, I'm not hearing any enthusiasm.
I'm here any excitement.
I'm here like something good just finally happening in the middle of that cesspool.
All I'm hearing is all this negativity, just a hostile, as usual.
So nothing has changed like you told me before the show.
I said, one of them is you said nothing has changed.
Same old crap.
There you go.
It's broken.
Oh, it sounds like party time.
That sounds like a few and big party.
It's going to be held at new in the Pembroke Pines.
That's right out here in the street.
Yeah, it's right out there.
Now, out on the street, that's where a screen is servicing all the clientele 20, she
down to 20 cents, by the way, 20 cents a pop.
I five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Let me press line one and see what the, look at that.
It doesn't even, it doesn't even do anything.
It's stayed.
Well, what, what, what, what happens when you press it?
No, seriously, there's nothing happening.
No.
It's stayed.
Oh my God, it sounds like another engineering debacle.
I got some, I think that guy Andrew had a point.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello, how are you?
Pretty good.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like Neil.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
This is Trent from Windsor.
And I've been down here two years now.
I'm sick of tired of this baseball talk.
Let's talk about a real, let's talk about the Maple Leafs.
Would you please?
Okay.
I'm tired of these fans on either one two championships in seven years.
We don't want to achieve these ships because I've been born.
I'm 35.
I've never seen a Leaf raise a cup, but I've been to about 100 games and every game event
is doing so well.
This town has no passion.
So why are we talking about a sport that don't care about?
Exactly.
Well, that looks like that exactly, so cut it out.
He just ended that call real fast.
If you think baseball don't have any fans in South Florida, hockey, I mean, you're talking
about third man.
Born language, you're talking a different planet.
Okay.
The community is in one place and you're on Uranus.
Forget about that hockey.
They did it.
Like I said, like a four language in South Florida.
I have no, there are certain teams in the NHL.
I have no business being existing.
One of them is the Panthers.
One of them is the Buffalo Savers.
The other is the Pittsburgh Penguins.
And the other ones, the Atlanta Thrasher's, as good as they are because nobody shows up.
Those teams, there's no reason for them to exist.
Did I mention anyone that I was wrong about?
I forgot the Calgary Flames.
Calgary Flames, but it's Canadian.
They got to, like, you know, it's an ego thing.
They keep hanging on, hanging on.
They know they're not going to make the playoffs.
They're not going to content, but they got to hang on because it's Canadian.
They already lost.
Cool back in Winnipeg, eh?
That they're in the...
VanCour was like on shaky ice too for a little bit.
Well, Calgary came from Atlanta.
That's right.
These to be the Atlanta Flames.
Then they were the Calgary Flames.
And other, the Calgary on a way out of business Flames.
Well, that's what people wanted.
They wanted parody.
They wanted that's what they got.
Mediocre crap.
I got the NFL package.
I'm flipping yesterday.
I mean, the Patriot game put you into a coma to Patriots and the Browns.
And it was exceptionally maybe two or three games, which were the...
The Stevens and the Rams, right?
That was a good game.
Yeah, it was a shoot amount.
What else was a good game?
There was two or three others.
The Seattle got the Bushwack there at the end.
Who the hell did they play?
The Seattle.
So by the bangles of all people, right?
How about that?
Took it right up the old butt.
Oh, it's so pleasing for me to watch, even though the Patriots didn't play well.
It was a terminal game to watch Bush Davis there in a sideline.
You talk about a drooling redneck, man.
Bush Davis, the UM factor right down the edge of the crap.
And I say, oh, I'm butch.
You suck.
27 past noon at 560.
And you notice how good Seattle is after Dennis.
So what's his name?
Dennis, give me another beer.
What's that, Erison?
Lee Ferrickson, remember that?
Yeah.
All of a sudden, Seattle, like, put together a real team.
With old cheesehead.
Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked like poor Scott,
who I'm getting quite a tired of hearing about it, too, by the way, Scott,
maybe you'd like a new high-paying career, but you don't have four years to waste in college.
If this sounds like you, we have your solution.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train at 866, Fast Train.
That's what our friend Todd Dreck, our former friend, tells you to do.
Fast Train can have you trained and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career,
or a high-paying medical computer specialist.
And as little as four months, that's correct.
You can be fully trained and ready for a great new career and a big fat paycheck that goes along with it.
And as little as four months, Fast Train offers day-evening weekend classes.
They offer you a job placement assistance.
And financially, the people qualify.
And with six convenient locations, including four in South Florida,
there is bound to be a fast train nearby your ass.
So pick up the phone and call Fast Train right now.
Tool-free, check them out of the webpress to be like at fastrain.com.
And then call them Tool-free at 866, Fast Train.
And in a couple of minutes, Todd Dreck's going to come in and sing the Fast Train Jingle for it.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
They went 98.
I think they're a croc.
Shouldn't have said that.
Don't croc just died.
Rae Croc's wife just died.
Here's a facsim Alex who says,
Hey, Neil, aren't we blessed here in South Florida?
We have the hurricanes kicking ass.
Dolphins are competing for a playoff spot
and play a girls team tonight.
The Marlins won the World Series.
And finally, we have Moe Howard David in the, uh, we what?
We have Moe Howard David in the morning.
We're truly blessed, thanks Neil.
You're right, Alex.
We're blessed in South Florida.
I'm so glad not to, I'm so glad to be a part of it.
560, 705, 60.
Let me do the Robert Kardashian story, okay?
From the, uh, the couple of good stories.
And I'm glad that I left this laying around here.
Otherwise, I would have a Schmidt candidate.
This was the required that had the follow up on rush.
Remember that we had certain people out of want to mention
no names in the building who were denying, oh, that's the inquiry.
That couldn't possibly be right.
All that business about rush, doing drugs.
Remember that?
No, I forgot.
But I converted for well, he's an inquirer, uh, disciple now.
He's probably subscribing to it.
Probably paying for it.
OJ Simpson, and I see I take exception.
I want to make sure I, I separate myself from this first paragraph.
I don't like the way the inquirer handled his story.
The first paragraph, especially, OJ Simpson,
brazenly confessed to his lawyer and former best friend, Robert Kardashian,
that he brutally murdered his ex-wife Nicole Brown and her friend Ron Goldman.
The inquirer has learned exclusively, which I would say, no, no.
I mean, you can interpret that from the rest of the story, which I will pass along.
But that's, uh, that's not what he said.
Did I do a good display to there?
I think, yes.
That's the blockbuster secret card.
Ashyn nearly took to his grave when he died at age 59, September 30th,
eight weeks after being diagnosed with cancer, the Asophagus.
Sources say, oh, Jay made the shocking admission after the inquirer
tracked down and published a bombshell photograph of the fallen football
here, a wearing a pair of Bruno Mali shoes that match Prince Foud at the crime scene.
Those ugly ass shoes?
I'll get to that.
It says, Uglyass in here.
OJ had told Kardashian he never owned a pair of the ugly ass shoes.
After the photo surface, the lured demanded that his friend tell him the truth.
OJ laughed and told him, I don't all know shoes anymore.
Got that?
Got it?
I don't know those shoes anymore.
According to the source, Kardashian was floored.
It was like someone had punched him in the gut.
He had been a patty for OJ.
He realized OJ had been lying there for years.
From that moment on, the two men were no longer friends.
Kardashian who met Simpson in 1969 had been the former NFL star,
Starcheus Defender in the Gays, right after Nicole and Goldman murders on June 12,
94.
Kardashian had been on the phone with AC Cowling during OJ's freeway chase in the White Bronco.
He read OJ's bizarre suicide letter on TV before his arrest,
and he took OJ's luggage out of the rocking Amestay when the Simpson returned from Chicago,
implicating himself as a possible accomplice in the murders.
OJ called him the best friend a guy could ever have.
But that changed in 1996 after the inquirer uncovered the photo of Simpson wearing Bruno Mollies
at Buffalo Bill's game.
The rare shoes were the Lorenzo model, where I wonder if that's Rod Lorenzo?
The Lorenzo model, or maybe Lorenzo Lamas, you think?
Maybe.
With distinct silge souls, the same soul pattern left in bloody tracks around the cold brown's body
outside her Brentwood apartment, sounds like another one of those strange,
unfortunate coincidences for OJ, if he asked me.
The evidence led to OJ being found liable for the deaths in the 1997 civil trial.
Bob went to OJ with the photo and demanded,
so I thought you never owned a pair of these shoes in the source revealed.
OJ said he tried to brush off Kardashian with a lamp, but it only made Bob angry.
Finally, OJ blurted out, I don't all know shoes anymore.
All right, Bob, you satisfied? You get it?
I don't have them anymore, so when I said I don't know those ugly ass shoes, I meant it.
I don't have them anymore.
OJ said Bob was stunned, and it was clear that he finally believed that OJ did it
and came as close as he ever would to Ashley confessing the murders.
Now, I see you're really sinking in, soaking in.
And your shoes?
You're soaking in it? Like the blood soaking into his shoes?
No, seriously, take that paragraph and then think back to the first one.
So you see that they really, the first paragraph was misleading in terms of what he actually said,
but he might as well have said it, you know?
While Kardashian never publicly revealed OJ's confession, he did tell Barbara Walters in the 96 interview
that he doubted his former friends innocence.
When Kardashian died last month, OJ was in Shreveport, Louisiana with girlfriend Christy Prody.
He barely reacted to the news. The source said,
OJ just said, it's too bad he was once my friend.
Kardashian's passing came just six weeks after marrying girlfriend Ellen Pearson.
His previous wife, Chris Laita Mary, Olympic decatlon, champ Bruce Jenner, you know who she is.
Yet she and Kardashian's four children were with him and his in Cino, California, home when he died.
His death was shocking, a pal told the inquirer.
Over the summer he had taken a vacation in Italy and fallen in love again with lovely Ellen,
an LA mortgage broker and had a very successful business creating songs that played before films and movie theaters.
Nicole sister Denise Brown expressed her sympathy in an exclusive interview, an inquirer interview,
but she said it was too bad that he hadn't come forward.
While I feel sorry for Kardashian's kids who've lost their father, Robert never came out
and said that OJ was guilty of murdering my sister in Ron Goldman.
She said, I guess it's better late than ever, but I wish Bob would have questioned OJ's innocence during the trial
instead of after he was acquitted.
She said, I hope that Johnny, Cochrane and Robert Shapiro and the rest of the dream team will eventually come around publicly speak the truth,
but I'm not holding my breath. Everybody in hell right now.
Okay.
So there you, there's the deal with OJ and Denise and it just never goes away, you know.
That's one thing that will never go, never die.
No, until he does.
Especially in South Florida.
Another black mark and senior, there you have to go again, peeing on our parade.
We have it as big parade for the Marlins. They won the World Series.
They beat the head of the Yankees and George Steinbrenner.
That Jew bastard from New York, even though he ain't.
And the meantime, you're peeing on our parade by talking, by rehashing all this ugly OJ stuff.
And you know what? Too bad. I apologize.
Oh, I'm in love. This is sports radio.
You weigh in.
You get a lot of b-
Five!
The Rogers are sports radio WQ-A-L!
It's just in Timberlake, for the battles!
You said I was a world in Greece, so I told me you're gonna be a big man.
You know that you're gonna love it, I told you that it's a risk.
I'm just like, I make you dease, caught up on the way cheese, with an odourful fries.
And that is why I'm telling you this is kind of my, by and by right.
By and by, by and by, by and by, by and by, by and by.
Justify your hunger and go to the tells, just like Justin.
Hey Justin, you sucked.
Absolutely.
Pop 45, I guess that's not a bulletin.
155 votes on a poll on poll number two.
How is this thing changing, it's getting spastic.
I don't even think we're being freaked.
Maybe.
What number are you got?
My thing won't even come up anymore.
Won't even pop up.
155.
That's what I just had and it disappeared again.
Here it is, 155.
How much did the World Series win by the Marlins impact your interest on the team,
in the team, over the team, a bit.
I watched some of the games 50.
32%.
Some, but I've been a fan 42.
Not at all.
I still don't give a shmit about them.
34%, 22%.
And tons, I'm a real fan now.
I'm ready.
I'm lined up.
I'm empty not my pockets for next year's season ticket.
29, 18.7%.
Have we had any real Marlin calls today?
No.
Any real enthusiasm or excitement?
No.
No.
Nothing.
Am I right? Right. Right.
Absolutely nothing.
The team just won the freaking World Series.
They just beat the Yankees in six games in the World Series.
They came from the depths of the spare before the July and all of a sudden out of nowhere.
Just came like a gigantic freight train, like a roaring freight train sweeping through the
freaking giants.
And then the dreaded Chicago Cubs and an asshole on the left-field liner, Wrigley Field.
And then beat the hated and nauseating Yankees.
Well, by the way, Scott probably ain't too happy about that.
Who were you rooting for, really?
The Marlins at two and a half to one.
Oh, I see.
Now, see that's sickening.
That's that QA Sports Nerd thing.
That's like Hank always says.
Oh, there's a Adam Roof for any teams just wherever I got a bet on.
That's not sports.
This is gambling, you know.
What's the difference?
No, I mean, I pulled for the Yankees.
You pulled for the Yankees.
Well, you know what?
Good. That'll teach you.
I'm pulling right now.
I'll teach you.
Pull this.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
That line won't be an out-really-a-frost my ass.
You better tell Fixit about it because nobody else in that place will fix it.
I'll do it during the break.
Tell Fixit.
WDQ-I-M.
Marlins line.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, sir.
I have to consider the sport so that when you add this fall, it's about the Marlins.
So our Marlins fans out here that are happy that they won the World Fair, you know.
Yeah.
They do come back from three to one playing Chicago clubs.
Everyone's not there with a record there, but they came back.
Right.
They were down two games to one again.
Well, but what does that mean?
Consider the source.
What do you mean by that?
Well, we all know your car was just, you know, voting against the Marlins because you're the host.
So in other words, I'm against the Marlins, is that it?
Well, have you gone to a game?
This season?
Have you gone to a game ever?
You have many games.
Yes, probably more than you have, asshole.
First three, four years, man, I was there all the time.
I went to lots and lots and lots of games.
Of course, I didn't pay for my tickets, but nevertheless, I would have.
So in other words, see again, let's blame Neil on the attitude of the community that don't want to get free to build up people who stay in.
It must be Neil's fault.
So let's add that out of that t-shirt we used to have.
It's all Neil's fault, that, and then filling a whole bunch of, you know, when it rains, if there's a cloud in the sky, if somebody gives you wild diarrhea, whatever.
So it loses their job.
It's all Neil's fault.
So it must be also Neil's fault that there's not this wild enthusiasm hysteria for the Marlins.
I mean, I heard some of the crap with Geldie this morning was enough to make me pukes and everything.
I don't need breakfast.
It says, I mean, Geldie, you're well known as being the number one champion suckle on the radio station.
There's no question about that.
But for crying out loud, Moas, three thousand miles away there burning his muskrat in San Diego.
You don't have to suck when he's out of town, but you're still sucking hard, okay?
And believe me, I know something about sucking, okay?
You're a minor leager.
But what a joke.
Wow, wow, we have to not let him stay.
Maybe we're to mind your rena as we, and he kept calling it an arena.
They don't play baseball in an arena, Geldie.
I know you're hockey intensive, allegedly.
And by the way, I hate to break the news to you, Geldie.
You're not getting a jugs McDonald's job anytime.
Ain't going to happen.
167 votes on the second.
And of course, you got to consider the source, not just the fact that, first of all, the cars aren't the ones who are voting on the pool.
You jackass, you simple, and it's the people out there.
The silent majority.
They're not calling.
How much did the World Series win by the Marlins impact your interest in the team?
167 votes.
A bit. I watched some of the games.
55. Some, but I've been a fan already.
42. Not at all.
I still don't give a shmit about them.
40 now. 22%.
Out of 183.
22% still don't give a shmit.
And tons.
I'm a real fan now.
3418.5%.
Are converts.
They're real Marlins fans.
You believe them?
No.
Well, while we put the choice on here, you've been alternative to put on a good act and put on pretense for the rest of the public.
Hey, look at me.
I'm going to go out there and buy some tickets, man.
I'm going to go out there and really support these guys.
This is important to me.
Here's a call on the dreaded line 9.
QAM, hello.
I think the Marlins is a great story now.
Yes.
Especially I'm calling from up here in New Chicago.
I think it's terrific.
Yeah.
And that's it.
If this outside of friends don't want to acknowledge you to support the team and screw them.
Screw them is right.
Screw them.
But Neil.
What do I ever do to you?
What do I ever do to you?
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and team Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm Neil.
Fine.
My mental health is good.
I'm fine.
I said, my mental health is good as compared to most of the callers.
I'm in pretty good shape.
Hey.
Neil, I moved to Sunrise about two years ago from Miami.
Hi.
I know.
I know.
What a dead town on the, when the Mornis Wanda series coming out from all from Park to
Notville to back to University.
All the way to Sunrise Lake.
And all the way to Sunrise Lake.
That was way past their bedtime, man.
I know.
I know.
I know, my wife was getting into me for beeping my horns there.
I, I, I, I, Neil, nobody, nobody was out.
What a dead town.
Yeah.
Dead asses.
Yeah.
Dead asses.
Yeah.
Everywhere in Miami, man.
Even when I was celebrating with with your buddy Martinez.
That was incredible, incredible.
We need to get them as a stadium in downtown Miami.
I'm going to get a sweet water.
Sweet water.
Maybe homestead.
Ah, I'm about to go to the woods.
Goals in the woods.
Ah, that's a good way for the, for the dead people here in Broward to go.
Okay, pal, get out of that.
All right.
It's too late.
Thank you.
Ostech here, meet us.
Okay, so it was pretty dead there.
I mean, I'm thinking here the Leafs.
It was kind of embarrassing last year to play off when the Leafs won, who the hell did they
play before?
Oh, that's right.
The flyers.
They lost in the first round.
So it was one of those games when the Leafs actually won a game.
And that night, I can hear all over, all over the city.
You can hear like the horns honking and everybody going crazy.
It was just like the one game, maybe when the series ran.
That's right.
They were having a nervous slitch.
But what's their plan?
That stuff.
We had sound like Robert Gryper does now.
It's so embarrassing.
It's so young.
I don't care what it is.
It's old.
It's terrible.
Somebody ought to tell him, for all out of time that he's burying for all that stuff with
all those sound effects he throws in a Gryper man.
You're a killer.
You could ruin any show.
Could screw up anything.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The enthusiasm and is infectious.
It's contagious.
The town is on fire, baby.
They're smoking it.
They're smoking a big fat ones.
Oh, I got to tell you speaking of smoking it about Amsterdam.
Yeah.
I played that just in Tinkerbell, Opyrite.
Right.
So I'm in McDonald's and I'll admit it.
I hate McDonald's.
Oh, and I even went to Burger King.
You.
They had a thing called Extreme Cheeseburger.
I saw the sign.
I saw the sign.
It was on New and Dike, which I think was named after the Maple Leafs Freestyle.
But at any rate, and I see the sign of Extreme Cheeseburger.
What it is is they have a slide.
They have like two slices of the usual orange cheese, not cheddar, but just orange.
And then there's a slice of like jalapeno in the between.
That turns good.
Well, what have been if there was like meat in there, but it was the usual Burger King, you know,
good year Tyron rubber, those two slabs of crab of rubber.
Oh, man.
I took two bites of that and poof.
Like so anyway, I'm in McDonald's one night.
And I ordered two double cheeseburgers because I don't eat the bun.
I do my atkins in there.
And I'm standing there with a counter.
And I'm this is a true story.
You'll never believe it.
And I'm thinking to myself, I'm looking at the spot on the floor.
And you know, you can see in the kitchen right behind the counter.
Right.
And here's the guy standing there.
And I was thinking I said, boy, right there last year was where I saw that rat run across the floor.
And a moment that that came to my mind, guess what happened?
Right.
Came running again in the same spot.
And the guy didn't see it.
Did you start taking it out?
Well, maybe it's a, maybe it's a pet.
You know what I mean?
Maybe they actually have a leash and a collar for it.
Maybe it's the product.
Maybe it got out of the freezer.
That could be.
Maybe he was running for his life.
Good point.
But how do you like them apples, huh?
As Mike Myers would say, keep a journal.
Keep a log of it.
Here's the fact that says, please tell the old no one's calling it because they're calling this.
Sports show.
Go and go and get topics.
Don't try to capitalize on sports for your show to the JP.
Oh, I see.
In other words, this, this, this a factor who also doesn't have a name is telling me why I should be talking about.
Right.
I thought that it was a topic.
I thought that when like a team wins a championship, I thought that was the number one topic.
But get a topic.
Don't try to capitalize on sports.
Well, don't try to tell me what to do.
Asshole.
Okay.
I'll talk about whatever I want, including assholes on the phone, assholes on the facts machine, assholes inside your...
Believe me, Pat, you probably got a load.
Why?
Local.
We're sports radio 560, S-U-A-M.
Bonaspatano.
Since Fieros Lita has won Natasha and I know you'll have to look for motion squarer.
Instead, we listen to the neurologist Farron Balance 1.2 hour.
New one, Fox.
From the producers of the OC comes a new drama that you'll become obsessive compulsive about introducing the OCD.
We need to get something straight.
You want to break up with me?
No.
I want you to help me straighten all the food items in my refrigerator.
I love you.
The OCD.
It's Fox Television's new number one 2,34567910 show.
Oh, you have such big strong hands.
Do you know what I want you to do with those hands?
Watch them 5 times in a row with water that's exactly 111 degrees Fahrenheit.
An account or clock?
Why is circular motion?
Yes, yes, yes, yes!
So grab a nice cold beverage, sit back and enjoy the OCD.
But first make sure your cat isn't stuck in the refrigerator.
I wonder if the cat just sneaked in again.
Better check it again.
And again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, young poor ugly old man there, as young poor, as poor, love, toado is a done by young poor ugly old man there....
Mr. Phillips! what cancer,, I'm not that voit here..
Mr. Phillips, what cancer,, I'm not that far, they're not that far, they're not that far, they're not that far ...
Mr. Phillips, we're not that far, they're not that far, they're not that far, they're not that far , they're not that far, they're not that far, they're not that far...
Mr. Phillips Look at cleaning circular to poor care, a part of the behavior is that broken marriage relationship?
the
I saw parts of that I loved it I thought it was great okay do you think will this is gonna help them out McGay when he comes back into the line up with
Yeah, I think McGay he's gonna get the job done man old gay here the gayer the better fine by the way the bottom line is through
Let's go blows five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty almost like we're doing a sports show here today in it
No, we're not
Just to piss off that guy to give me instructions on what to talk about but it just just amazes me these people and it's the
Hostility of South Florida. Wow, you're throwing this and you're talking about that don't don't do this and don't do that
Well, you don't that's my response to that. I'll do whatever I want to do
And especially now that that summer book came out and even with George on their half the way
Maybe because George now that other facts I had about George and suds who were so entertaining during your vacation
How often was suds on one day? Oh made it sound like he was like your partner on there
Yeah
George suds and Scott for the next year
And then I'll come back in a year and we'll see how things go how we'll see what the numbers are
Huh or you can keep putting them on our website like we did with his last book and I can like look at that
Oh, look at that when I'm over here in Berlin or Copenhagen or
Stuttgart or Stockholm or wherever the hell I'm hanging out with espresso in your cyber cafe
Sure, that's right. They'll burn this studio like so in California. Oh
I don't think so order but that does not permit us to go in and physically remove somebody from their home that
Refuses to oh look at that. They're sharing a picture on CNN right now burning muskrat in San Diego
Absolutely, I'm believe scary scary site
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon see nothing ever changes
You know, but as long as I've lived all these years I've done this in this town
But third man and it just I never learned my lesson. It's not gonna change you can go away for 10 days 10 weeks 10 years
It is never ever gonna change no
Nobody Q.A.M. I'm all in celebration line
Yes, sir
Am I on a radio? It sounds just like your voice
How about your pardon?
When is the last time I'm hour and a half ago
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, sir, how are you?
What's going on? How are you doing turn our radio down please? All right? All right? I was listening to see I was drinking a listen
What's going on? Have you heard of they're gonna do something at Joe Robbie like they did in 97
They're gonna do something like what like that
Data had a party in 97 about 80,000 people shut up at Joe Robbie. Yeah
Have you heard of they're gonna do that this year?
It's just no no now. We're just gonna forget about it. Now. We're gonna go on to important stuff. Okay?
We love the Marlins. They're just a best against the Yankees
They passed the test
Come on. What was your name that did that pant or song? What was it?
Jolene, oh yeah good old Jolene and then she she got smart she left town
Although not too smart because she went to Nashville. Yeah, he although she probably fit in pretty good up
I mean she was a nice person, but she was kind of like always had one finger in her nose
She was picking an agreement. Now what's this back say? Oh chronic. Why do you send me these chronic?
Over the weekend I twice tuned into the radio station there and got Josh Dero both times clearance whose programming decision is that well probably his because he's like a D
He's a god awful show host while we're certainly for an agreement on that
I was crying after an hour of that torture. Well, so this is what kills me
Somebody is on it. You don't like why are you listening? It's like you people right now don't can't stand me
Why are you listening crystal set radio?
At least give me Joe Rose or the big oh on the weekend well when they're asking for the big old what Joe Rose
I could understand, but when they want to hear the big I'd rather hear clearance myself at least you know I
Mean the big always just a pretender. He's a pretender
He doesn't have a clue what he's talking about and he speaks with that Spanish baby talk man
He has no business being on a year. He is one good-looking guy. Yeah, I know Joe's got a thing for him a little thing
By the way the pictures sector of your website could use a little update there no more beauty in our best beast
Please what what does that mean?
We got beauty in the beast pictures on their stomach. What is with the beast as a matter of fact? Where's he this morning?
I don't know who cares he somewhere like traveling with a hurricane's to some like
Leopard colonies for the next the big game
I don't I don't know where was the beast I heard big fat Zach well, he's had some big fads you wonder they couldn't have the beast
So for all of stuck with Zach
5 6 7 0 5 60 word the input here is just phenomenal man
I just I'm waiting for a little something a little enthusiasm a little excitement
The team I'm sure that the people connected with the team are probably depressed and morose now
This is the kind of a response that they get from the South Florida audience from their sports station from their flagship station
WDQM Marlon celebration line hello
Q a M that was Wayne
WDQ and hello, yeah, I was trying to get the whole meal speaking
Neil how you doing? This is I wanted to make a couple comments number one
I wanted to thank the the management of the Marlins for bringing a championship down here to South Florida
There we go
I'm writing time and I really enjoy ourselves all the whole family and then I wanted to make another comment as far as the stadium
I definitely think we do need a stadium down here
So we don't have to play second fiddle to the dolphins as far as
Time even on your radio station. You're you know you cover the dolphins and and the Marlins, but you get preference to the dolphins
Well, that's in the contract right exactly
But that's right and I said we may we make a lot of money on the dolphins
I don't know if we even break even on the Marlins
That's my point I think that they need to have maybe even their own radio station
I mean you know Marlins radio that sounds like a way to me
I mean Dave let's do it but but the problem with it is we wouldn't have any of those early days off on this show if we did that
That's right. He just vanished. You just went off and yeah, huh?
That's a big part for us. We like those days when we get off at 12 30 or 1 o'clock or whatever
You know a little extra time off. Always sounds good to me. Oh right
Those afternoons when they have the day games mad dogs you out the whole day on
Rapper comes in maybe for an hour maybe not at all right. I know I'm saying
That's right to that we're not on noon to four
We're gonna be on what every tomorrow's are playing day games rest of the time. We're just taking the day off
That sounds like a real wiener to me
Maybe they should just get their own radio station scene now now if the enthusiasm is so intense
It's like well, you know QM was okay for a while. It was adequate, but now it's so big and so important that you guys
Small pothas we're gonna build our own radio station
And our own stadium and our own goddamn city and we're gonna have like all the ships at sea and everybody in the world is gonna be like Marlon
Intensive is anybody believe any of course not they're gonna like come coming with their hand out again
Just like John Henry did and just like Wayne did for the Broward arena
And now all these people but all their millions and billions of dollars. Oh, please please look at what we did for you
Please build us a big dome facility and then if the team should suck and go south right away
Everybody will vanish again
Like they do everything just like Jacob's field and Cleveland every one of them and the so the team starts going in the crapper
Everybody vanishes and all that enthusiasm excitement
It's like the guy said before to call it line nine could be paying for some textbooks with that public money
But in America nobody gives a crap about educating their kids because they're afraid their kids will be smarter than they are that's the problem
That is the problem everybody talks a really good game, but oh, here's another these factors are just unbelievable
We were way off on your assessment of the bullet train ball keep keep the Kennedy's along. I'm getting great amusement
You were wrong
114 by the way my paycheck just to showed up what day is it today like over the weekend
I just mentioned that in passing for all these negative people out there that you know want to give you a little stuff
Then interest me at all look at that and go to the phrase
So I thought a party's did you see that I'm seeing it for about two seconds there
Wow, holy Toledo is Rick Weber would say that's what we need let's dig up old Rick Weber and bring him back to see the celebration right on
Hey, when you see MacRister is advertising a 50% sale off is it a trick and tree?
Have they inflated the regular price to give a false impression of savings?
If they just have one piece to sell off the sale price then it's gone and then try to sell you a full price set
The Mac this industry is full of phony claims in shell games full of BS
That's why only call dial am I present one 800 mattress you ought to be doing the same no false promises no bait and swish
Just discount prices every day on the brand names. You know and trust now including stirons and bananas foster
Honest sales practices and fantastic service keep dial am actress rank number one customer satisfaction
When you call one 800 mattress you pick the day in time for delivery within any two our windows seven days a week from 8 a.m
Till 10 p.m
I've been sleeping on the mattress and dial am actress for years and look at me
I'm still alive you ought to be doing the same with low prices same day delivery free set up and removal
It's easy to see you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out why dial am I to this right number one and customer satisfaction
In fact, isn't that their slogan?
Something like that. Yeah, they say
So don't be fooled by those mattress rooms or furniture storage they cannot match what you get from dial am actress every day of your life
Pick up the phone right now and call one 800 mattress
1 800 m a t tr. Yes or check them out online at macris.com
And welcome back to the world series of Bruno down to the final two players at the final table and the actions about to heat up
It's little eight-year-old Jimmy Archer against his grandma
Little Jimmy's playing this one beautifully. I must say he is down to one card and
He forgot to yell oh no
You know what that means he's got to draw two cards now when that puts grandma firmly back to the driver's seat
Yeah, too bad. That's a rookie mistake and that's just gonna hurt him sure is
And
Oh, no, he's throwing a tantrum and running up stands through
Oh, no, as you know, that's an automatic disqualification
Well, okay, Jimmy really needs to work on his Uno face give him time give him time
You're right. He's young and we'll be seeing more of him
I'm sure so congratulations to our new world series of uno champion grandma
More like number uno
Well
That's all for now. We'll see you next week when we bring you the world series of go fish
Live from the Seasors Palace
Take care center. Oh right one twenty at five sixty WQ. I mean, it's so perfect
You know it fits right in like a globe
So anyway, this follow-up facts from the chronic facts are who facts before about the bullet train is it who that gives a flying crap about the bullet train anyway
Says my gosh don't be too sensitive truth be told you were way off on your assessment of the bullet train vote and a half-cent sales tax vote
Same with the new ballpark
There's a great story today some settle on your website about today being the day that we choose a
Contractor and the route you think we should use jet engines of electricity should be up and running by
2011 a real bullet train, huh?
This guy at what time is his show on huh?
What if he's luckily it ain't on this station. There's QAM
Now here's the best part does WQM really believe they can make the marlins a better offer than clear channel David Ross is
And what did I tell you for about the threats? Oh you guy now that they won a world series
You guys can't have the marlins anymore now. They're really big not just the threats
But boy are they in touch with clear channel and the powers that be or what yeah like all the money clear channels making on the Miami
Heath oh my god
That's a real where for them and all those big rating
Anyway, so David Ross is moving in for the kill
Didn't anyone a QA notice all the clear channel execs around Loria? Oh, yeah, in fact
They were all crap in their pants. They were so nervous about that don't feel too bad
There's a very long list of people lined up to kiss David Samson's ass. Yes chronic facts are not only that most of those people are the same ones
Who at the beginning of the season we're talking about what an asshole he and his
Brother-in-law father whatever a father-in-law is I
Have a sense of humor so I won't take what you said about my wife seriously. She's much prettier than any of your boyfriends
Well guess what that's what you wrong amigo. That's where you haven't got a clue what you're talking about if you only knew
5 6 7 0 5 60 here's another
Facts but the factors are pouring into they thank goodness for that because the cause of really sucked
In this cultural melting pot of assholes called soft lotus no wonder
Why no one gives a crap about the marlins?
Do you really think this highly intellectual greasy crowd would show any motion toward a sports championship?
People here don't realize that certain cities in towns would sacrifice their young virgins just to smell a championship little on two and seven seasons
This is a town that got extremely emotional over Celia Cruz. You know we forgot all about that. That's a good point
Because you know and again because I'm out of touch. I'm not there. I don't have the the feel for it
Like Tom jikers. He was done so I can tell him now when the mortician lifted up my skirt
That says everything it says as much as you rip buffalo
Can you imagine it now see don't start with his buffalo buffalo is a cesspool? Okay? Buffalo is garbage
As much as you rip buffalo
Can you imagine at the time of the bills ever one one the sicker?
Yeah, after watching her game against Kansas City yesterday
I would have hold my breath any time in your lifetime whoever sent me to facts
The sickest part is I came to this town as a nice guy with business ventures and ten years later
I'm sitting here realizing I've morphed into a soft photo asshole just like them. Thanks for your refreshing honesty, sir
Why does this happen to so many good people when they come here if anyone could answer this I greatly appreciate it
It's called it goes with a territory
It says screw the marlins just based on the fact they represent South Florida Mexico City marlins has a nice ring to it
Signed Pete PS I do like George and a radio
But we all did not relate to four hours of marijuana slang or callers calling and offering little baggies of the green stuff from other
Other than that he's adequate. Were you doing drug deals again on here? Not me
How about off the earth yes, no, I don't wait once a really good track man
I brought George back at well a brick long story in your naval a
Big brick five and we're gonna throw it right through the goddamn window with the party on Thursday
Yeah, that's right. You're all invited to come to place for the big QM ratings party
What a laugh that is especially where he says congratulations to Josh Duff Doreen and the entire QM said well
How is that all about what the hell is that it was even put McGill on there who does more work in one day than that bitch
Is ever done in her whole life that's number one and number two what the hell is this the
Promotions department have to do with the success of their ratings anything zero they promoted us. Oh
Is that what it was?
Or you mean like that big banner where they put up there when they left my name off the speakers they that kind of stuff huh?
And we still beat everybody all our mad dog man seven five and at the two to four slot, huh?
Nice going there mad dog. He's not there anyways in San Diego trying to put out the fire
Five six seven between now and two o'clock
I want to hear a little bit of enthusiasm on your world champion marlon's this is a disgrace
Aren't you amazed and shocked and uh, huh? No
No enthusiasm. Let's look at that pull how much do the world series win by tomorrow and impact your interest in the team
286 votes
This is our second poll the first one wasn't too promising on the stadium
Some but I've been a fan all along 92 a bit I watched some were all of the games 88
That's what I voted I watched a couple of things here and there
Not at all. I still don't give a shmit about them 58 20.2% and tons. I'm a real fan now
48 16.7% our real converts. They're really fans at least till the parade is over now
What's the story on the parade in the festivity?
See would be nice if somebody would clue me in on this stuff Scott
Since like Tom jikers is I'm so out of touch. I have no idea. Huh? I have no idea
Well, we are gonna bother with another David Ross is gonna spirit the marlon broadcast away from Q.I.M
Man, oh man. How do we gonna survive after that?
And like I said to Miami heat what are they got about a point is a point nothing?
Just like on 940 just like the same thing with a big the big challenge from Fox sports 940 with their fractions
How do they do in the last book?
I
Got it right here. I got for all the stuff you faxed me that Thursday. I look
Let's take a look at the morning where they're up against some stiff competition
Absolutely the mole man and for well at least stiff the first couple hours
W I O D 3638. This is in men. Okay. Now. What is the college is WRFX?
Jess and believe you me. I can make that. Oh look at that point six to a 1.3 double
But there's still number 23 in the market
50,000 Watts with a 1.3 share and
The only reason they actually increased in there is because they've got the secret weapon on here now
So you see some arm truck bar problems right the crow put them over the top
How about in midday? How about against us? I wish they were like dangerous
Especially with the one George. That's right. How do you compete with the role?
I can't don't know your RFX
Can we find them yet? Oh, I think they might have had like a double digit on here from a 1.3 to a 2.1
You know what I mean? They're on the move, baby
How about against the Humper and the mad dog in the afternoon?
Which by the way QA was number one and men with a 7.0
Let's take a look at our FX, huh?
0.6 more than double 1.4
Look out now
reminiscent of the shades of the fan remember the fan. No
1790 on your AM down where the hell are we? No, I didn't know crap
So we got to be real nervous about that plus David Ross with his fox sports with his Miami Heat and now with a Marlins good luck to him, okay?
Well pack him a slummy sandwich
WQ and Marlins line
You yes sir. Oh, I gotta go. I gotta do my break
What nothing?
I have to do the break now right time to talk to him. I'm sorry, sir. I apologize. Okay. I just like I apologize
But the fact is this sponsor what we're here for we got to get him on the ear and spider that one guy
It's upset we run so many spots at least on this show. We don't run all those sports spots
Like all the rest of the sports segments where they were like 56 minutes in our spots
You know one of the best kept dining secrets in town is right there in Coral Springs the Gold Coast Seafood Grill
Just celebrated their one year anniversary and got three and a half stars from the prestigious
Uncentral Showtime dining review the Gold Coast Seafood Grill has got all kinds of great specialties like mango plum salmon
I'm encrusted mahi mahi orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout
There's an incredible bar atmosphere with an extensive wine and martini list to big martinis
We're talking about big gigantic martinis at happy hour
Our only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m. Seven days a week the Gold Coast Seafood Grill you'll find it in Coral Springs
2752 North University driving side the beautiful walk shopping center called 954
255 fish for reservations and more information
You can dive inside or outside and big parties and private functions are welcome to experience the best kept secret in lunch and dinner dining
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill at Coral Springs at 2752
North University driving side the walk shopping center. That's the Gold Coast Seafood Grill where you'll find great seafood at great prices too
My and local this is for trail by 60
I'm pit god
I
took, bring up on bands as our
Many
Now right evil and here's the reason why we think she is.
Her butt's too big for her body.
Too big for her body.
Too big for her body.
A dress can fit no more.
No more 133 or 560 W.
I'll tell you, we're really keeping on top of things here at the sports center of the
university.
Come to fight out the dolphin game tonight is not being played in San Diego Scott.
It's been played in Arizona.
I'll come to nobody told me that.
We did.
You told me that?
Or is it go?
Yes, I'm like that.
With major wildfires brewing in the area yesterday, the NFL moved the dolphins game against, I probably wasn't listening.
Move the game against the Chargers tonight from San Diego to Tempe, Arizona.
How many people are going to be attacking?
You think they're driving to San Diego to Tempe?
No.
You think anybody in Tempe gives a flying crap about the Chargers or the dolphins?
No.
So that's to be interesting.
Well, that'll take away the home field advantage from San Diego, plus they suck anyway.
So it should be like a walkover again, wouldn't you think?
I think the Panthers could beat the Chargers.
Now, I don't want to be talking about that stuff because of this other fact you just sent me here since they're so they're really hostile, man.
Or you think that the town would be like in a good mood?
Right.
Totally.
No.
Now, it says, hey, gay guy in the radio, there is no one is calling you to talk about the Marlins is because you have repeatedly said, now see here again, you've repeatedly said so that somebody who listens every minute hangs on every single word.
You repeatedly said, you're showing no sports, you know, sports holes are listening.
Now, what I've repeatedly said is I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about.
So shut the F up and do what you do best, criticize, criticize, criticize anything and everything.
Fed up with your BS, signed Jeffie Luria.
No, it's not signed by anybody.
Unsigned like all of these guys.
A lot of hostility coming.
I guess they've missed me the last 10 days, huh?
Lots.
Haven't they invented it?
You would all less than right?
You kidding me?
What that's all about?
Now, they love you.
Yeah, right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5.
I want to hear before we only got 26 minutes to go till Joe Rose.
And I want to hear one enthusiastic call.
One legitimately honest, a good misunderstanding with somebody is something positive to say.
This is a disgrace.
Even for South Florida.
This is way above and beyond the call of duty, if you ask me.
WDQAM, enthusiasm line.
Hey, how's it going, man?
Pretty good, sir.
My name's Dave.
Hey, let's go to Dave online, too.
Hello.
Suck it.
Yeah, suck this.
See, there, you know, he was enthusiastic.
How was that?
A good call.
Prop it down.
That was a great call.
WDQAM.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
And back to you.
The moments were good.
It was enjoyable.
It was nice and winning, you know, for a change.
But it'll be another few years because I'll break up the day in life usual.
How do you know that?
Wow.
You know, wow.
You know, you know, you're...
That's a funny.
Oh, I love it.
The enthusiasm is just unbelievable.
The sourest, the nastyest, the most hot stuff.
Like I said before, they're never going to change.
It's not me.
I'm going to damn good mood.
The biggest reason is I'm not there.
That's right.
The best reason I'm in a good mood.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
What a pile of crap.
Like I said, 24 minutes in counting, waiting for one.
Just one.
Is it going to happen?
No.
Not likely.
Maybe on line nine.
That could be the magic line.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, how are you doing?
Calling about the Marlins?
Yes, go ahead.
I'll tell you that the thing about the Marlins is I used to this, Neil.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
I used to go to games a few years ago.
And I remember that the whole sections...
There'd be like two or three people, people bring their dogs, they bring them.
That is correct.
Bring picnic tables.
Is this, Neil?
I think so.
Let me take a look.
It looks like me.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
That's the thing.
And so, and I'm talking about like good seats.
We're priced very forbably.
Nobody would ever go.
So, I don't really know what's going to happen.
I think maybe after...
My big concern is that after this year, I want to see if they break up the team.
Because after...
Well, after the first...
After the first world...
The whole team went in every direction and nobody stayed back.
So, I want to see what's going to happen with that.
But the other thing...
Before you get to emotionally excited, is that what you're trying to say?
Because I tell you, the thing is, too, I used to go to hockey games, too.
And I kind of stopped...
You know, I like sports.
The thing is, I don't like cheap fans.
You know what I mean?
And that's the thing before it.
I don't know if that's ever going to change down here.
It's like...
I'm not trying to like, you know, say New York is all that.
But, you know, New York is a real team.
I'm a real city, real...
On New York, they're like 15 million people within like, you know, shouting distance.
That's true.
And most of the people in New York are under the age of 100 in speaking English.
Yeah, but the other thing, too, they've got it honest to you.
And I mean, you know, the tune that the braze and the Yankees, I mean, it's just like,
within the last 10 years, I think the Yankees have gone with six or seven times.
So, it's kind of a different ballpark.
But I don't know.
I don't want to take too much more of your time.
It's just that I just wish it was more loyalty in this community.
And I'm actually up in Gainesville now.
But going to UF, but I used to call you all the time.
And I kind of miss you.
I'm glad for the website, too, because I could listen to you like in the morning.
More time, God for your website.
Hang in there, pal.
Have a great day.
All right, you too.
Well, see, he was like kind of like Luke Warmer.
He just doesn't want to get tangibly involved to heavy duty until he sees what the latalans were.
But he's a little bit skeptical.
Do you understand, my son?
Skeptical.
Got a lot of...
Call the company out there.
This was wonderful.
It was a great experience that are you going to stick it to us again.
Now, I haven't said that.
Have I?
No.
It's a possibility I have mentioned about Pudge, because he's a guy that's going to command some serious books.
You think he's going to be banned?
No.
The Pudge Meister.
He's got the big expensive house with a monument to himself out there.
He stands out in front and crosses himself and points to the sky all day in the offseason.
Got a big ass.
5'6'7'5'60.
Come on.
Let's have one really enthusiastic Marlon call.
They won the World Series two freaking days ago.
It's only Monday.
It's only Monday.
You don't have to be a sports nerd.
Look at this thing.
I'm a real fan now.
17% 56 out of two.
Whatever it is.
3'38.
3'30.
How much did the World Series win by the Marlon's impact?
You're interested in the team.
Some, but I've been a fan already.
104.
A bit.
I watched some of the games.
103.
Not at all.
I still give a shmit about them.
67.20.20%.
And tons.
I'm a real fan now.
56.17%.
Oh!
Do you believe those?
Yeah, whatever.
No.
See now you're being sour and skeptical.
I mean, I'm being realistic.
WQM Blue Skyline.
Another one.
QAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Chronic.
No, I can't.
You know they're going.
Are you kidding?
All he's got to do is Neil.
Always the same person he's poking him in the ass with.
I've read Hot Poker.
Can't handle it.
Don't call me again, sir.
I won't put you on a year.
Okay.
Either that or learn to say my name different.
Like, Slimil will be good.
Not that.
But Neil.
Can't stand it.
You know him.
I should have.
Yeah.
WQAM.
Hello.
Oh, wait a minute, sir.
It's time for the break.
Bye.
Well, you know, as far as the collars are concerned,
if you've been on vacation, know a few days, you just want to kind of ease back into it,
especially on a day like today, when it's just every, how many times do I say this?
Every time I say the same thing, I always think that I can't be shocked by the responses
to software.
But it's like it.
Yeah.
They can always pull another big surprise for you.
Hey, you think that was exciting?
You see all those people on the parade?
Well, we don't give a crap, okay?
And then the response is, oh, all the sports nerds that are one who get well at, that's pretty sad.
Because we already know about the sports nerds.
What kind of crowd that is?
They're the ones calling Goli.
Oh, let's build a stadium right next door to my house.
How does that sound, huh?
With somebody else's money, of course.
Let's build it right next door.
It's not convenient for us, you know?
And how is it to think of those 66,000 people in there for game five, Scott?
How do they get those people that are in such a bad place to play?
And it's so hard to get to it.
It's such a crappy stadium.
How do they do it?
Magic.
Magic.
I was going to say magic.
I'm magic.
Just like that.
19 till 2 at QAM.
If you're looking for a really fine place to eat breakfast lunch at dinner, better try out
Vickeneres from Rochester, New York.
My hometown where I enjoyed many of great meal, too many.
Vickeneres has been around since 1934.
They're located in South Florida.
Now that's a good news for you on Federal Highway.
Just south of Barrett Boulevard in the tunnel on the east side.
Not too far from all of them.
Fag bars are and used to be.
Vickeneres is a flashback in time.
Don't restaurant's were before fast food.
Go and enjoy a hamburger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast.
The Vickeneres away.
They're brought to for them.
They'll buy the same guys who feed you.
Chieberger Chieberger.
And Vickeneres uses the same fresh 100% ground-shock meat as Chieberger Chieberger.
And offers you an incredible big fat quarter pound hot dog with a piece of meat like that.
And your mouth will have a smile on your push from ear to ear.
And what makes Vickeneres different from anybody else is that all their burgers and dogs just like in Rochester.
Serve with a famous Vick signature meat sauce poured on top to do a Kazzotski on your taste buds.
And if you want to try something different, Vickeneres has got all kinds of great dishes including a great breakfast menu.
They got your omelettes cooked to order French toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes.
So go buy Vickeneres whether you're from a rounded quiet Rochester for Donia de Pue or Leroy.
And see what all the talk is about.
Vickeneres are on Federal Highway just south of Bard-Poeuward in the tunnel and he's side.
Be sure and tell him that old Rochesterian underlined the old part Neorodger sent you by to Vickeneres.
I'm the man in the local, this is 560.
The radio's all yours.
Thank you, Ian.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Pire, the Tea Profile Story.
They were a Danish band who broke fun at one of America's cultural icons.
Hey, who said the f*** Danish ever write to do that? They were Aqua.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not going to love you.
There's a lot of new strobes who play Barbie in the band's famous video.
Spoke to a Stuart interpreter.
Yes, even though you only know us for Barbie Girl, we were quite popular at home.
We once won a Danish Grammy.
Well, a Danish Grammy.
One of a bad award ceremony was like.
And Dinviner is Aqua.
Thank you.
But winning Lane Asphor in awards is not all Aqua is known for.
They were also sued by American Toymaker Mattel, who owns the Barbie trademark.
A Mattel spoke to us through an interpreter.
Okay, he think those f***ing things up with this.
Barbie is our you Aqua.
But Mattel lost the case.
A victory for Aqua.
They spoke to us through an interpreter.
Nya, nya, nya, nya, nya.
I believe that.
Nya, nya, nya, nya.
Aqua.
Little wacky Danish.
Do they even know we need to breakfast food after them?
It's a big juicy shopping red look at your business tonight.
An inside of a hind.
147.13.
Goose Joe Rose for the Mad Dog.
It's through this afternoon.
And we got no Humper today because, you know, why she worked.
Isn't he off most of the week or all week?
I'm looking.
Look at that.
Two through Wednesday.
Yeah.
Kempibou Campert tomorrow and Wednesday.
Nice going, Humper.
Excellent schedule.
Dr. Phil is a fraud.
Get out.
That's the shocking revelation to two former guests who say the shows producers paid a stranger to
when Southamon camera and a range for a photographer to do the same.
They saw firsthand what a fraud Dr. Phil show is and they want the whole world to know about
it.
The source close to the woman told the prestigious inquire.
Marianne Bodily, 400 pound, 400 pound executive administrator of the National Association to Advanced
Fat Acceptance, Napa, and Sally Smith, 374 pound editor in chief of Big Beautiful Woman magazine,
went on Dr. Phil McGraw's show last November.
The lady said that after years of worshipping Dr. Phil's work, they were thrilled to be invited
out of his program to discuss discrimination against overweight people.
They said they thought they'd be treated with respect.
But before they could appear on the show, producer sent them an undercover mission to Las Vegas, they said,
a hidden camera followed them around to hope that strangers would make fun of them in public because of their weight.
But the whole thing is Dr. Phil would say, drove off into the ditch, Sally wrote an article about her experience.
No one insulted the women.
They said until program staffers arranged it.
The producers were convinced they would get what they needed, Sally wrote while they eventually did,
but they had to actually pay one man to make a rude comment and convince the poor horrified camera operator
to expedite the shoot and say something mean to us.
The crew then moved to Laud, Women to Los Angeles, set in a restaurant next to two diners known to dislike fat people,
hoping the strangers would say something nasty.
It didn't happen, Sally said.
When the show aired in November, Viewer Summary and Sally visiting a mall, a fitness center, and a buffet restaurant.
Can you say those two walking into a buffet?
That's a set up for a joke, right?
Hidden camera footage showed onlookers snickering supposedly at the overweight ladies.
A different time in the restaurant, one man asked, is that fat-free ice cream and another told the women,
leave some food for somebody else.
But it was all a scam designed to fool Dr. Phil's viewers, ladies say.
Sally said she and her friend Maryanne had been loyal fans of Dr. Phil from her days on Oprah.
When one of us called the other with a problem, our immediate response would be, what would Dr. Phil say, Sally recalled?
What a silly bitch.
The women told the pal they appeared on the show hoping to change the self-help gurus philosophy that being fat is a psychological flaw that can be overcome through willpower,
but once on the show, the rose-covered glass into which we'd seen Dr. Phil shatterd Sally claimed.
And it goes on it, let's create a link.
Anything we can do to Dr. Phil, we say,
Oh, right.
Excellent. He's a piece of crap, total fraud.
Another jueling southerner.
Hmm, tax it.
360 votes there are votes, 359.
How much did the World Series win by the Marlins impact your interest in the team?
Some, but I've already been a fan, 115.
A bit, I watched some of all of the games, 110.
Not at all, I still don't give a shmit about them.
76, 21.1%, and tons of them are real fans now.
A big time fan. I'm going to go out there and buy tons of season tickets.
58, 16.1%.
And we're still waiting for our first call of enthusiasm.
Two days after the Marlins win the World Series, right there in New York,
two nothing against the dreaded Heddy Yankees.
We're still waiting.
Somebody QA, I'm here to his right here, I can feel it.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, the only people are going to be a dickade tonight.
I feel that's awesome, game.
And there's honor.
Yeah.
So that's because of free.
That's why they're giving away for free.
So it's going to do a packed house.
Believe it or not.
Excellent.
Well, probably the median age will be about 100 because you might as
get on.
Let us in Arizona.
Yeah.
I'll show you.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
It's going to be packed with free loaders.
Perfect for a South Florida team.
Oh.
Wouldn't you think?
Yeah.
They didn't like a rubber glove.
And what is this thing you just sent me about the creature from Jackal Island?
Why would you send this to me?
I don't know.
What have our faxers suggested it for?
The creature from Jackal Island?
It says, keep up the great work entertaining and forming your listeners about the real story.
Have read most of all the books you recommend.
Love your articles on the website.
I'd like to return a favor by recommending the following book.
It may help confirm many of your world views about our supposed leaders.
And you'll never trust a bank again.
Not that you ever did.
Oh, there ain't nothing like a bank.
Because they like to watch over your money.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh.
They suck.
150 one at 560 QAM.
I mean, I've been so honored.
And many people say that I should not be governor of California because I cannot pronounce California.
I would like to drive my fist up their ass and pull out their intestines.
Now I will prove I'm from California by singing now.
I wish they all could be California.
California.
California.
California.
I wish they all could be California.
Girls.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No fault for Arnold.
I'll rip off your head and vomit down your neck.
I think now I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
I'll vomit.
Yeah.
I'll vomit someone from California.
I'll sing the beat voice as well as Arnold.
What for me?
I'm a f***ing Kennedy.
Make no mistake, man.
That's why God is bringing me into our state of California down right now before it's too late.
Right.
Is there any question about it?
No.
I don't think so.
Now it's 157, which means we got like less than three minutes to get our one enthusiastic, excited call about the Marlon World Series victory.
We better go through a whole bunch of them.
5667 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
WDQA M, hello.
Hello.
That.
Okay, bad phone.
WDQA M, last call.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
I want to be that racist enthusiastic Marlon stand calling it.
Oh, right.
That's a good question.
Listen, man.
I've been a bandwagon jumper.
I'll hop through it in there.
But I started at the beginning of those season because this Marlon team is great for watching.
I know you were there 96 watching those dancers, those young guys.
You just loved each other.
Played with heart.
They did a great job for South Florida.
We all came together.
It was beautiful.
It was all over again here in those three.
But in the form of baseball, it's beautiful in the air.
I'm loving every minute of it.
I'm going to continue to love every minute of it.
I love South Florida.
I love the Marlon.
Oh, wow.
Okay, excellent.
Good job.
I think he was speaking to Dodon.
He's scripted it.
He wrote it out.
I don't know.
Didn't sound like it was from the heart.
A nice drive, pal.
It was a good change of pace.
Even Josh Beckett never threw a better change up.
He threw it.
Does he throw change ups?
Yeah.
Occasionally.
Very often.
No.
He's not Cuban though.
WQA, I'm Hello.
I know the Marlon.
Can I have some tickets?
Okay.
You got some for opening day in 1923.
Hey, listen.
That's pretty interesting about the fact that maybe that's why there's not the enthusiasm because we had like a Yahoo kid that won a game.
Right?
If it would have been a leave on, I love you Miami.
All of you remember the whole different ambiance.
And plus of course that was, you know, different era, different deal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
You think Maryam elephant's going to be at the parade handing out extra ballots to everybody who shows up?
You could be.
3 WDQAM.
Hi.
Marlon's all the way.
All right.
I've been in Marlon fans since 1993.
I was upset when I think of her, but we were such a jerk.
But I never give up on them.
Never get up.
My good friend.
I'm a Skyhard Marlon fan.
That's what those guys and Jack did a tremendous job.
Old Jack did a great job.
Some of us old folks are so bad.
Thanks a lot, sweetheart.
There's nothing like being a diehard.
Anyway, that's their gunna kill it for us.
Was that what she wanted, season tickets?
Right.
I'll be damned to better hung up on her.
376 votes.
How much did the World Series win by Marlon's impact your interest in the team?
Some, but I've been a fan, 122.
A bit.
I watched some of all of the games, 112.
Not at all.
I still don't give a shmit about the team.
82, almost 22%.
Negative people.
And tons.
I'm a real fan now.
60%.
16%.
The little dog.
And believe you me, the Marlon calls are going to start pouring in now.
Get on the phone right now.
Look at that phone.
Get those calls coming for little dog and have a party in your pants.
Bye, bye, bye.
I'm the watcher show, I'm facing the new QAM Miami for life.
What a fuck up job that was.
Absolutely.
