Then, while I'll have you know, I got connections in New York.
Send them in.
You'll see you now.
Thanks.
Godfather, what do you know? What do you say?
No, my most weak-out-so-quince friends.
What can I do for you on the day of my father's abortion?
I am here to demand that you grant me a favor.
I want to sink in a head on new rushes.
What have I done to be treated with such disrespect?
Oh, Godfather, I'm at the end of my rope.
Every day they got me raped and did it.
Using my name in vain, and just making fun of my veins.
I should marry to you and weaken I'm old.
You can act like a man.
You know who I am.
You're a man who deserves respect for here's a ticket to Vegas.
Who needs Vegas?
I already live in paradise.
You don't talk to a man like Moha with like that.
I want you to take care of our friend Mr. Mo over here.
Sure, Pop.
Okay, take your pants off, fella. Let me show you a good time.
Could you hands off me a big dummy?
I ain't dumb.
Goddum your stupidity.
Yeah, but not like they say.
Give me a hand here where you look up today.
I'm on a man's break.
Trevor Cowlin is about to keep him quiet, okay?
Woo-hoo!
Hello?
He got up and takes a jenko plunge.
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Hey, I ain't here!
Like I said, nice years, J903 at 560 WQM Happy Thursday.
What a beautiful day, man.
All I heard most in was ringing in sheets down there.
It was?
That's what he said when he left for work.
Of course, he lives like in the animal cell.
He's like, oh, wait out there and burke with all the other old people.
And by the way, this business is about 50s, Mo.
Who now?
Is he kidding anybody?
No.
Give me a break.
Maybe he's talking about 20 years ago when he was in his 50s.
I heard that line this morning.
I just about hit the floor.
A tremendous response on the podiums today.
Who would be the happiest if Neil croaked?
The bad news is for those people that I'm feeling like about 98%.
All that fogginess, all that culliness in my head is gone.
1160 votes.
How do you like that, George?
Oh!
To be the happiest if Neil croaked, died, went for that long dirt nap,
and Mo, how a David had wins hands down your pants.
With Dancer, Neil's grave, it says here, 645, 56.6%.
Or 55.6%, whatever the hell it is.
A lot.
George, your second?
Yes.
Because he thinks he'd get the show 196.16.8%.
Dennis the chronic, who called Mo this morning, by the way,
had nothing to say other than the fact,
I usually call in the Ripney O'Rodgers,
so why don't we have anything to say?
Yeah, we know that asshole, even Mo knew that.
What a, that's his claim to fame,
who calls the Mo Howard Show to Ripney O'Rodgers.
Wow, that's here for Dennis.
Oh!
Asshole with no life.
Closet case.
Dennis the chronic professional Catholic homophobo, 111 votes.
A very strong third.
By showing, Dennis, they hate you like poison.
Reverend D. James Kennedy, who was the late entry,
has 78th finished a very strong fourth.
You see that?
Yeah.
Past some of the others like they were standing
like they were in the prone position.
Greg Reed, a real evil dwarf,
if there ever was 152.
The man who turned that big egg into Humpty Dumpty.
Fox News, Heather, that bitch, 41.
Geldie just out of spite, 18.
Eric, no more long pull, 16.
And John Gibson, a Fox News, I told you we shouldn't put him on her.
It only three, small potatoes.
Didn't I beg you don't put him on her?
Yeah, I know, but I never listened.
I know.
What the hell do you have to do with it?
It was Carlos that put him on the roof.
What did you put him on there for, John Gibson?
They even know who that one is.
Some goofy, gov with glasses that keeps bouncing around from Marna,
like Keith Urban, another goofy, gov with glasses.
Bouncing around from one talking head network to another one.
But John Gibson's finally right one, though, okay?
Way over there on the right end of your TV dial.
This story, speaking of that, just frost my fat ass big time.
Anti-bush t-shirt band at Michigan School.
I think we could probably use a few sound effects in the back of this one.
Dear Warren Michigan, school officials heard of a 60-year-old student
who made a take off of t-shirt emblazoned with awards international terrorist
and picture president Bush, or Go Home saying they worried it would inflame passions
at a school where a majority of the students are Arab-American.
The student, Brett and Barbara chose to go home.
Swalye kids out there, if you wanted to, they are from school.
Go to school with a t-shirt on it,
it's his international terrorist and a president picture on there.
He said he wore the shirt Monday to express his anti-war position
and for a class assignment in which he wrote a compare contrast as they
on Bush and Iraqi president, God-Am-Satim Hussein.
School spokesman Dave Mustonen said students have the right to freedom of expression,
but educators are sensitive to tensions caused by the conflict with Iraq.
Another excuse for censorship in America, just one more excuse.
They're sensitive to, was there a fight over it?
No.
Anybody a bitch in the screen about it?
No.
Not that we know of.
It was felt that emotions are running very high, Mustonen said.
Dear Warren is the center of an Arab-American community of about 300,000 South Eastern Michigan,
about 55% of the district, 17,600 students are Arab-American.
And you know what I think?
Probably most of them agreed with a t-shirt, right?
So what's the problem?
Was there a problem?
No.
No, it was a problem that they don't want to give you, let you express yourself.
We've had a song that says, express yourself, but that's an old song.
And it used to be, back when we had a few freedoms left, that was BB before Bush.
What a pile, what a pile of crock is somebody I know would say?
Mo wants to dance on my grave, says the audience, how do you like that?
Even yesterday, I didn't, remember I mentioned that the show, his show sounded a little bit better,
not a lot, but a little bit better.
Right.
Since Ding Dong School was going on, they're holding his hand every morning,
and they come up with some cockamamae, a pole every day, you know, like we do.
Only more can tribe.
Like the thing this morning about, the 10 things that, what the hell was that?
Let's be able to do Carlos.
Yeah, must be asking you.
Well anyway, it was a pretty weak.
And not one person called in the show yesterday to say, you know what, you're right.
You know, let your voice sound a little bit better.
We're actually listening now.
Not one.
Do you remember any, such call?
No.
Maybe this is the call right now from Pompano wanting to say that Mo shows a little bit better.
Pompano.
Yes, good morning, Neil.
The show is a whole lot better.
So you listen all morning long, and the show is a whole lot better.
Well, you all, Duff and Clarence, are, are, are credit for that?
Well, anyway, I just want to tell you what I wanted to say was, I was surfing last night,
and I caught God bless her.
She's getting real old, but still a little fight to your woman.
Helen Thomas was on Phil Downey.
Yeah.
And she was talking about, Helen Thomas was on.
I must have been toward the end because he spent the whole rest of the show talking about Lacey Peterson that nobody cares about.
Yeah, no, it was towards the end, but she was talking about Bush and now he's the worst.
And somebody said something that they shouldn't, when she said that, and she had, as like, stepped back a little and say,
well, he has room for improvement, but she gave the best analogy of him whatsoever.
He's like Captain A half going after the white whale, and it's been this way since he first started in the presidency.
And there was just one other thing that I was holding on all the way for this week.
I was holding it, and it was the Daily Mail Sunday from London.
Yeah.
And they were talking about the rallies and the marches.
The marches.
The protests.
Here's what the guy wrote about Bush.
There was no hatred and just universal contempt for someone who has perceived to be an inarticulous cowboy with delusions of competence, a toddler holding a hand grenade.
Hmm.
And that's exactly what it is.
And you know, it's just like, I don't know, I'm just ready to go to hell on the hand basket and me while I listen to you.
So all the way around.
I'm ready to go to Canada.
Okay.
Have a good one, Neil.
See you at the border.
Oh, that's right. I already did go to Canada.
Here's our poll question today before we talk about poor Johnny Paycheck.
There's a guy that we can all respect, in spite of all his drugs and booze and smoking.
And there should be a message for you, Carlos, and everybody else I know who smokes.
I'm going to become a militant anti-smoker.
And by the way, this business that asked me what else is named Jack?
Whatever his name is.
He's going on this morning about these people that are suing McDonald's.
There's a new suit about the contents of the ingredient.
Yeah.
And I agree with him, but how come it is that they make a big stink about that?
But when it comes to cigarettes, oh, it's okay for it to be legal to be sold.
And I don't understand that.
I don't understand that they wore these multi-billion, these ridiculous, 100 billion, 300 billion dollar lawsuit.
These awards.
As if people don't can't read the guy that morning on a package.
As if nobody knows that number one that continues addictive.
Number two, that smoking cigarettes is going to kill you and cause emphysema and lung cancer and all these things.
Same with the food.
I don't see any difference at all.
Maybe the food tastes better, but that's not the point.
So it's ludicrous for them to be suing McDonald's and all these other peddlers of crap that are killing people.
But it's okay.
I'm the only one I guess who sees that it's crazy.
It's okay to be suing the tobacco companies.
It's crazy.
I see.
Paula Crab.
What I want most of the near-righteous show is this is our poll today and I think everyone is required to vote on this poll, Arctic.
It's mandatory.
It is mandatory.
This isn't one of those that you can vote on if you feel like it.
If you find the time, this is mandatory today.
And by the way, a lot of great bedtime stories on our website today in yourriders.com.
Some more which I'm actually going to get into.
And then we'll get back to poor Johnny Paycheck.
He's dead.
Can you believe that?
Yeah.
Emphysema and what was the other thing?
Asma.
You died?
Yes.
Of course he also did a lot of drugs and a lot of booze and stuff like that.
He was a real hard-drinking, licking, whatever he was.
What I want most of the near-righteous show is Neil ripping the asshole callers, entertainment in a few laughs,
a few laughs and a few bedtime stories,
Neil's liberal and anti-religion rantings, mostly pulls with a long list of choices,
or I'll listen regardless I'm a groupie.
I'll put that one under for Lynn.
Do you want to say?
Yeah.
What I want most of the near-righteous show is Neil ripping the asshole callers,
entertainment in a few laughs, a few laughs and a few bedtime stories,
Neil's liberal and anti-religion rantings, mostly pulls with a long list of choices,
or I'll listen regardless I'm a groupie.
What are you struggling about?
That mostly pulls.
Well, what do you mean what's wrong with that?
I know they like it.
Look at Monday and Tuesday, Mr.
I know.
Put on your thinking cap if you can't find that far since it already is Thursday
and think back to Monday and Tuesday and the unbelievable response on that phone
they were ringing off the hook.
There's no denying it.
They were smoking, man.
What's your favorite black and white movie a song title?
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
A song title.
L.E.N.D
My,
다고,
C Almost Ready Help
Okey,
the Bienerنا restaurant,
��ayno centre-by- pione,
버파 sobre el julio
ninguno
Yvt.-
A Nordic
A Nordic
A Nordic
A Nordic
A Nordic
You're f**king cute
Oh yeah
Box News Hella
We really like to f**k you
We really like to f**k you
You're a fine looking fascist
And the perfect little Nazi
I want to film their coffee
Through your soil panties
This starting news
Looking slug and sweet
Laughing your lips
My cancolders roast me
Box News Hella
We really like to f**k you
Oh yeah
Box News Hella
We really like to f**k you
Oh right
We really like to f**k you
You have a thing about your underlisten
Do you bitch?
You want to touch it?
Three ways
Her, her, and her
You're going to be the man
Don't you think I'm a man?
The little thing grows
But between your bones
I'll bet in taste
Like bubble gum
See you next time you need a story
Done, since it takes
And then for all you make you come
Box News Hella
We really like to f**k you
Oh yeah
Box News Hella
We really like to f**k you
My 19th year did pretty well on that point yesterday
Considering she's small potatoes
She had, uh, what
52 votes, something like that?
41, whatever the hell she did head
Beautiful day, man, like I started to say before I interrupted myself
Sonny is going to be all the way up to 40 today, boy
Oh!
Man, it is just gorgeous
You know what it looks like when you just sit inside the window looking out
Sure do
Looks like one of those days in Vegas
You know what I call the blue blue sky
Yeah, that's what we got now, a big blue sky
And it's going to be smaller in man
40 today, maybe 41 tomorrow
Oh!
Colon Miss sparks Pennsylvania airport pro
Wait did you see the first the votes on a pool today?
Very revealing
Very revealing, in fact maybe we ought to stop it right now
A Saudi Arabian traveler
Said the city's anti-terrorism machine
In a pool year when he sprayed three
Airport guards with Colon while trying to demonstrate
The liquid wasn't dangerous
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
This is a great story
I love it
The security screeners were rushed to methodist hospital
After being spritzed Wednesday is the student passed through a checkpoint
At Philadelphia International Airport
Unsure whether they had a biological attack on their hands
Hospital officials ordered a full quarantine
Ambulances inbounded emergency room were diverted to other hospitals
Patients and staff who had contact with the guards were quarantined for nearly three hours
We didn't know what the substance was at hospital spokesman Nann Myers
FBI spokeswoman Linda Visi said the 22-year-old student whose name was withheld by authorities
Was detained in question and released hours later after chemical tests confirmed that the vapors were harmless
He was here legally all his papers were in order his flight plans were in order no federal law was violated
He was released, he said but he missed his flight to Europe
That'll lead to it
Initially even the screeners themselves didn't consider the incident where through reporting Visi said that they had second thoughts
About the sweet smelling spray
And called police
Flights weren't disrupted nobody was evacuated from the terminal center for spokesman Mark Pesci
I like that sounds fishy to me
I think they have a call from Indianapolis I don't believe it hello
Neil did you really have a stroke?
Yes
I can't believe it
Why not?
That's terrible
That's my second one the first one was a lot worse this was a little one
Yeah I mean I thought you just had you or you had the flu or something
Yeah
What are we going to do if something happens to you
I don't know looks like you already beat me to the punch you already moved out of town
Yeah but Neil what have I ever do to you?
I'm the only guy that's listening
Oh
Oh it's that idiot again what did I ever do to you guy
Everybody now we have everybody that calls the show has got a name you know
We got the crazy guy but what did I ever do to you guy?
Oh what is he wrong from you?
I have no idea
Probably try and give me have another stroke
Look at that pole so far maybe this is pretty pretty interesting
This is the kind of pull where we learn a little bit of something not too much
We got 39 votes on there already
What I want most from the near Roger show is
I'll listen regardless I'm a groupy 15
A few laughs and a few bed times through e7
Neil's liberal and anti-religious rantings 7
Entertainment in a few laughs 6
Neil ripping the asshole colors 4
And mostly pulls with long list of choices
Oh!
None!
None!
Now Monday and Tuesday we had those movie pulls with long list of choices right?
From Mendis response on the phone
Couldn't buy an open line
Couldn't buy an open line you could get through for love money or whatever
Or a crispy cream doughnuts
And look at look at right now is that a color of the board sing?
Do you understand? Because we had a list that's all I can respond to
We get this asshole to what did I ever do to you guy that just calls
Faining concern about my stroke which would be my worst problem by the way
It was a little tiny one not fun
I found out that my heart I got a good squeeze
I got a good heart that's what Dr. Bush said I got a good heart
He's the only Bush that will tell you that
Oh Hank needs to see badly he needs to see Dr. Hamft
Dr. Kendall Hamft my great ENT lady that really told me what will happen with me
But he won't do it I would I would even give the information out
But I know he won't go there because Hank's got a bad strep throat or something like that
He's got a strep the cockle infection something like that
In the consoles of his strep the cock and you know who I blame
Because I heard him yesterday the beginning of the show
I came in here especially three o'clock
I missed the first few seconds of passions just so I could hear the hopper
And see if he sounded any better
Did he sound any better? No
Sounded awful like death on wheels
Like death on two fat legs
So you know who I blame? Clarence
Clarence and Duff that's who I blame
Because I said to him up before to show this morning
He came in for his usual 30 second yuck yuck yuck
And I said how come he's still working
I don't know like that
And walked out
I mean you can't put somebody on here especially when your vocal cords are your stock and trade
You see what I'm saying
It's like taking away a violinist strativarius
You don't do that when you're in the business when you're in a radio business
And Muff should know this with his Morph Lewis voice
Your vocal cords that's your stock and trade that's your thing
Right?
It would be like taking away the harmonica from Jerry Mured
Who?
From the harmonica that's long before your time
Whatever
From Stevie Wonder is that more like it? Sure
You just can't mess with somebody's a stock and trade
It would be like taking away Victor Borges piano
Things like that
And this man's got a rake and barely squeak out a few words
The thing you do is you call a guy and say
Hey today's Thursday take a couple of days off
Take your medication
Whatever and rest up your throat
Don't talk to anybody on this connect the phone
And just rest your vocal cords until Monday
That's what I would do
But no not these grave rub it just like me
Just like me I have a stroke I come into work the next day
I did not tell you what I was on a year
Right?
I was slurring and I was like incoherent and all of these things
Did anybody come in and say
Gee you really ought to go home? No
No, of course not
They don't give a flying crap they put on a good act
They do
Like I said they don't even put on a good act
Okay, they don't even do that
You're right now that I think about it
Greg sticks his head in the door there on Wednesday
Whatever the hell the day was
Yeah is he okay?
You know
What is the fingers crossed behind his back
Like he's feigning concern you know
What else he can
He's part of the reason I was in a hospital in the first place
He's a big part of it
You know what especially is
In fact he's a lot like Clark Kent you want to know why?
Why? Cause they only two people I know strong enough to throw everybody under the bus
That's his specialty throwing people under the bus
Just to avoid taking the heat himself
Scrooze everything up, dittles around
Makes all kinds of problems and then looks for scapegoats to throw under the bus
Eyes go on Greg and by the way painorm is money
Will you? You jackass
You silly person you
You Ojon Prabhakatur
20 seconds I get my message across probably not
Probably not
So they don't give a crap about people but send the hump or a home
Don't let him destroy his throat cause I'll tell you one thing
You know when you have a sore throat
Or a raw throat like from strep throat or just a sore throat
The more you talk you the worse you make it
Oh yeah
You're injuring your tender vocal cords
And I'm just telling you I don't want to keep going on
Because you know he's in denial anyway about the fat part
So what's the point I just give up as far as he's concerned
Came in here yesterday and gave you a big son dance about how he's got strep throat
Well believe you me one of the reasons you got strep throat is the diabetes which is a immune system deficiency
It's a disease in the immune system most people are realized that take it from me
An old diabetic expert and number two the fat also makes you like a susceptible all of these things on top of that
So you take a fat diabetic which is most of us then you really got serious
I'm just I'm just you know offering my opinion because I care about the guy but you know nobody pays any attention to me
What's that whole meal the only a heart?
Yeah, real funny guy who is real funny in a hospital with a gown on that be funny
927 at 560 WQ I am oh he wasn't allowed by the way in my ward he was too old he was in the geriatric ward mo
He went for his bag transplant
The big blizzard hit the northeast this week and all the presidents day sales were snowed out because of the storm
Donald mattress has redirected major shipments of C. Lee's service Simmons King Quarrel mattresses to Florida and through this Sunday
You can get even more savings than usual than ordinary call 1 800 and ATTR
Yes right now and you'll save like never be foe rhymes with D foe
Through Sunday only Donald mattress is having a president's day blizzard sale offering an additional 10% off
They're already low every day rock bottom prices
Donald mattress doesn't usually have sales but due to the blizzard they're having one right now as I speak
Time is short if you've been putting up by that new mattress don't wait another minute don't wait another millisecond
Call 1 800 mattress right now and of course you'll have 30 days to try it out in your home with the best comfort exchange policy anywhere in the world
If you do need an exchange you can do so anytime within that 30 day comfort exchange period no hassles no problems at all
And when you buy a mattress and dollar mattress they'll come to your house set up the brand new bedding and take away the crappy old bedding for free
That's correct. The other mattress sets up the new and takes away the old bedding for free
So make the call now 1 800 mattress for dollar mattress and drag great night sleep its
Dottomatresses huge blizzard sale but be sure and call before this Sunday to take advantage of these unbelievable prices
1 800 and ATTR ES that's 1 800 mattress for dollar mattress the answer for a perfect night sleep
5 and a local office this is 560
The radio's on yours
You in
The
You
Yeah
You should know by now we got this call the tell us when the thread is here
You still the kind of person who believes that we got hit once the next movie wants to be
But I guess you must be dumb when you say that this new system really needs to be refined
Don't you agree means all right and orange means of tightly you say what is on color line on the acid when it's red
Baby
You
You
You
You
You need to get it
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
I still be in their last Monday none zero
But when you're working this
Inespecial for a bunch of grave robbers like we work for you're really reluctant to call in sick because right away they're thinking
I know he's screwing off or he's not coming in because we haven't paid his agent yet or some you know they got such costs some kind of
Cockamaine thing in the back of their mind even though you're bleeding that thread under doorstep you know
right so you're really reluctant not to come in with no matter how sick you
might be so I know how the hoppers feeling like crap don't do it hang call
and sick and then of course they find that they put clearance in the beast on
on what they was it Tuesday right I guess I'm Tuesday afternoon because he was
only on about an hour hour and a half something like that and they put them on
it how would you feel would you want to be on it I'd rather hear the gank
my any day of the week even as coma inducing as he is then clearance in the
beast with all the respect to them who do you follow what I'm saying no no
seriously my parents in the beast are as like bad high school radio I mean when
Zagaki's not just like bad you know commercial radio but good golly miss
Molly let's stop putting all these children on your muff and clearance let's
stop oh that's right clearance is one of them put a bunch of punky little kids
on here it does it sounds like junior high school radio like a bunch of
kids with a with a crystal set in their basement it's hard to have a basement
floor to what you're forgetting something what's that sports sports that that's
the point who knows more about sports Joe Zagaki or the beast and clearance
huh oh my oh my in fact they could put you know something they don't even have to
pay Zagaki to fill in for Hank all they have to do for four hours is play that
oh my oh my you know 50-year easy you know what people are over-tounding you
here here I am what's going on there today oh my oh my in fact just to prove the
point I think we're gonna do it today let me say oh my oh my why should we let
the Humper Steeler good idea right oh that'll loop you know I thought it'll
loop on right oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my yeah loop the loops Joe I know he was
exciting it's just the way your present and it's what makes him interesting old
Joe he's just all these years he's never presented in his most flattering life
oh my yeah oh my that's a lot more exciting than what I'm here most of the time
like in the morning oh no he's really I'm over the long mo you know you see we'd
like to see him move along right out the door down to her she highway and most of
the audience agrees anyway it's too late by the way clearance and up too late
to salvage that turkey what I want most from the near-roger show is we got 91 votes
already that's like in about 15 minutes I told you everybody needed to vote to
they and they're they're coming through you see this they may not come through on
a phone because most sane people don't call talk shows like I've always told you
well look at look at that guy from Indianapolis for a second there he really had a
sort like we had a real collar from what have I done to you yeah whatever wherever
he is and whatever he is besides a misfit and no matter what calling from Indianapolis
to do that yes I know that I understand but that's the point and you know who I
think that is I think that's the New York guy right don't you the abueling the
abueling guy yeah and you're an asshole is who you are whether you're that guy
or not you're just an asshole is what you are you're an idiot can't you have a
conversation without a concluding what did I what what does that mean didn't I
talk to him didn't I listen to his sputum narrow about my stroke in his
feigned concern you asshole yeah very good I like the way he says that you
asshole in fact wait a minute I got an idea let's see how this works back to
back four hours of this today just give it a shot don't jump to any conclusions
you asshole oh my oh my what do you think let's try it let's give it a shot
what do you say huh at least for a segment Moen Joe at least for 20 minutes today
Mojo we're going to do it all day we're gonna our Mojo back here's a call from
Miami hello and good morning yes sir good morning to you listen you know I
used to listen to you in the morning I mean I still listen to you in the
morning and then in the afternoon I always listen to uh Randy Rhodes you have to
be kidding me no actually I actually like Randy Rhodes you're a talk show
groupie you're one of those people no I don't call I just listen but yeah like I
said you're a talk show groupie oh okay I guess I am I nobody listens to
Randy Rhodes who is in the talk show groupies would be able to go ahead oh okay
well anyway so they took it off the edge all kind of disappointed I don't have anything
to listen to the afternoon except that I'm not gonna mention who's but uh what
are you not gonna you're not gonna mention who what does that mean you can
like
like
rush load bottom but I'm not gonna go well what about the Humper you don't like Hank
oh no but by that time I'm already home and you know most of the time I listen in the
car and what about Mandage don't like the man doc yeah I listen to Mandage
every once in a while so what what's the problem I don't see where there's a
problem here well anyway but what I'm calling about is to tell you that what are
you calling like you don't like the measly I think you might have a have a choice
soon I just heard on the AP newswire that there's a liberal
weaning you remember the scene I'm sure you do in a godfather where he finds
the horses head and his body going you hear like all the bad look for your you hear
him screaming oh my god just I hear one more call about that about the liberal
talk network or one more facts not interested it's going to in fact you notice who we
mention and right there yeah that's what Lynn was saying like we're emailing back and
forth about four hours last night and then she pointed out that Randy's probably got
her nose up there as in Chicago already where they're you know what just before the show
you mentioned that to you and the Randy thing and all oh my god for talk show
group he's like him not interested I I'm not going anywhere okay I'm don't you
understand sir I keep trying to explain this to you okay I'm an old fart I don't
lie about my age like some people on this station I'm 60 years old plus a
couple of months I'm not I'm not looking to start a new career I'm looking to
face out I have less than four years left on this horseball thing and if
weren't for matures losing so much of my money I'd probably be sitting here
talking to myself right now without the equipment because I wouldn't need to be
doing it would need to paycheck and speaking upon Johnny paycheck you know it
took me 40 minutes to get to this damn story singer Johnny paycheck best known for
take this job in shove it you see how appropriate that is how that fits right in
get it 64 you have no idea how much I'd like to tell Greg Reed to take this
job and shove it you have no clue how much I love to tell him that the guy to
want to throw you one of the bus the guy you can't complain about the support
he gives you because you don't he doesn't give you any gives you like a
backhanded this slap on the back with his fingers crossed and an evil look in his
eye you're not kidding anybody Greg you're not fooling anybody with a brain I'll
take you that including this old kid but I'll just take the paycheck thank you I
see the law continues being sold out day in day out we're bringing in more
god damn money than Carter's got pills on his show we still got some numbers
out there which you know and evidently somebody must be listening we're got
like 1200 votes on a pool yesterday huh somebody must be listening
the pool has been up this morning for what 20 minutes 25 minutes got 113 votes
already we could break all records today if they keep up like this how do you
like that what's your point so somebody out there must be listening and
spider that lead in we got which we don't want to talk about that too much in
spite of that in spite of this nine to one thing see that's another thing about
death and clearance you know talk a good game oh and work about working
feverishly to get your back to 10 to 2 and you're the mainstay and all of a
book it's just idle chatter okay you know how the FBI Center here and all of
this chatter probably most of it is coming from the QAM programming orifices
that's where it here and all the idle chatter from and believe me you you
should be concerned when you start here in your idle chatter yeah I say
red alert for that like that bit we just played yeah that one I love that it
starts out slow but then it really it makes its point if it's red panic oh
it's red now but now seriously that's all this crap about well work and it's
not gonna happen you know Greg read screwed up the lineup and we're stuck with
this crappy nine to one which you know isn't working away it should doesn't do
the job for us okay and I just had a stroke am I gonna get all bent out of
shape about it of course not of course not so they'll just continue capitalizing
and exploiting into whatever the only one and we'll just continue a sucking
wind that's all because you got cheap channeled owns every other guy damn
station in the market and a cocks the evil viewers that cocks up there in Atlanta
cocks a hoist to them and that's it those are the only choices and so you know
people get paid whenever they feel like paying them and people continue taking
crap whether they like it or not and people continue getting thrown out of the
bus and that's just the way it is don't like it hey good luck to you see on a
corner 441 on Ives Derry Road then that's their attitude see over a Chuck
sub-center maybe he'll feed you how you doing Chuck do you think Chuck still likes
us I don't know I'll go ask well ever since you said there's terrible things
yeah now he likes me I don't think he's too fond of you first there's a lot of
people like yeah 19 till 10 at 560 wqa m singer Johnny paycheck is dead we'll
get him to that in a couple of minutes well look that we that requires a lot of
uh... don't you think sure time he had all those big hits like take this job
and shove it to working man's anthem one of the big hits did he have I'm sure he
had a couple think about it
all you guys out there size makes a huge difference that's a little play on
words were talking about that paycheck which I was mentioned just moments ago
johnny paycheck in my paycheck and your paycheck according to the Florida
department labor computer professionals have big impressive paychecks computer
careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand speaking the economy
by the way bad numbers uh... this morning on CNBC I just mentioned that in
passing fast-tracking up you achieve your new high-paying computer career in
four short months
they've got locations all over town said is bound to be one easy out to get to
close by you
fast train is in candle there in my any for a lot of the eleven pember pines and
now
would they even weekend schedules you have no excuse to say a crappy
that in job work and for peanuts when you can have yourself a real money making
career
so call fast train today tool free
one eight six six fast train that's one eight six six fast train
they've got full-time job placement guaranteed financing is waiting for you to
call them today or check them out of the web at feel like it fast train dot com
you could have a big one to make one easy phone call one eight six six fast
train
you
five
two
two
two
two
three
four
four
four
you
do
He loves you, he loves you, he loves you, loves you
George W is the president, he is the president
Congress wants him to explain, they say what to do
What do you think you're doing?
He says we're gonna take him out, gonna take him out
And his new, same bomb, it's gotta be loved to
He loves you, you should have bought your missiles
And to you, yeah, he loves you, by the right
Marock into the middle ages, he loves you
He loves you, loves you, loves you, loves you
He loves you, he loves you, loves you
947-560-WQM-Summa, alarming news that you disfact me here
A popular voice on Rapid R&B radio station 99 James is an illegal jam
Is that like a little play on words?
Yeah
Terry Alexander's behind bars this morning
The DEA claims Alexander picture, look in your speaker you'll see his picture
Oh look at him
Oh look at him
Try to sell two out of cover agents, 500 tablets of ecstasy two years ago
Since then they've been building their case
Make sure take this sweet time, don't they?
On Tuesday the arrested Alexander and Edwin Waterfall who they say is Alexander Supplier
DEA agent Jake Joe Kilmer said Alexander's noteworthy
And ledge dealings with drugs, not strike him as an odd combination
It's so typical of South Florida nothing surprises you anymore in terms of who were arresting
And the different people from the different walks of life
Celebrities, important people, influential people that come up in the midst of the drug game
Kilmer said like George Rodriguez produced the New Rogers show
Both Alexander and Waterfall are charged with trafficking and conspiring to traffic ecstasy
The radio station is not commenting on the arrest
They did say they're jammed up and jelly tight or whatever that song was
What is that Florida sex history law looks to be set to be dumped? What is that?
Well whatever that is that's from much later on
Got too much important stuff here including a call from Caldwell
Where the hell is Caldwell California?
I don't know
I'm asking Carlos he's want to put it on there, where the hell is that?
Caldwell, New Jersey? Hello?
Yes sir
So even when I don't call it you have this problem?
That's a guy again
I'm going to tell you what that was
This show is the most astonishing program in the history of the human race
All I had to do was mention his name and see it's a different chronic
It's not the abueling guy which is who we both thought it was
That's a different guy because this guy's got a better voice
But I still don't want to talk to him because he's got nothing to say
Seriously, can't we've been begging you for two years now?
Get yourself a life calling me from Caldwell, New Jersey
Just to let us know that it wasn't him who calls and says
What did I ever do to you who's the other guy? The other chronic committee inapolis
Who probably got kicked off the Bob and Tom's show
God, wouldn't Bob and Tommy great on the station in the morning?
Oh wait, man, would you love to follow them?
Look what the pop head Bob and Tom look what we got
Orioles pitcher rushed off for a lot of day of field following diabetic episode
What is going on with those Orioles carlos?
They suck
Oh seriously, I think there's some kind of a curse
Follow the model there
Follow the more Orioles right handed
Jason Johnson was rushed off a practice field
Yes, today if you're a diabetic episode
See what I'm saying Hank?
You fatso?
Get with it, take some time off, relax, get your health back together again
Get your throat, though, your vocal cords straightened out
Quit coming under and squeaking, you're going to kill yourself for these bastards
It's not worth it Hank, don't do it
They wouldn't give you the sweat off their ass, what are you doing you maniac?
Johnson wears an insulin pump to maintain a sugar level
Was treated outside the clubhouse on the back of a cart
By the Orioles medical staff and paramedics from the Fort Lauderdale Fire Rescue unit about 10 minutes later
Johnson walked to the trainers room with minimal assistance
And of course we know that Orioles pitching prospects to the Becker died Monday of heat stroke
And etc.
So how do you like that?
The Orioles are having some real problems baby
What is going on with them?
And then we got the poor Terry Alexander, he's in a jam
Little ecstasy
Maybe Otter called his good, I don't know if he knows OJ
You know maybe we can look the two of them up together
You think?
I'll make the call
What I want most from the Nearodger show is how many votes we got on this turkey?
All 157 already in about 40 minutes
Less than that
Shocking
I'll listen regardless of a groupie 54 or 34.3%
Neal's liberal in anti-religious randings 33-21%
Okay, push stocks and a glamour about your lunatics, how's that?
More
Entertainment and a few labs 27
A few labs and a few bedtime stories 20
I got some bedtime stories today by the way Cervil, thank God
Cause look at that phone
Oh boy, weak. And you want to know why?
Why?
No, no, no, no
Losing rate
I'm building a list
Neal ripping the asshole callers only 15
Now isn't that interesting?
What percent is that?
Eight point nine percent
Neal ripping the asshole callers
They must have heard the show yesterday
They must have heard what a classic waste of my time and effort it was
was trying to do a radio show with those people on the phone because we didn't have another
list for the third day in a row.
And even when I did put out a good thing there, what do we get?
Or we got corn dogs.
Oh no, seriously, I thought that was a fun thing to talk about being stranded on island
and being obsessed with one kind of food, whatever the hell it might be, whether it would
be Venn and Jerry's fish food, or whatever it might be.
Those rogers, I'm in the riddle bars I'm talking about?
Nothing.
Neal ripping the callers, asshole callers 15, and mostly pulls with long list of choices.
Oh man.
Only nine.
Thank you Robert.
Okay, stupid ass.
Right, nine.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and horizon line.
Singer Johnny Paycheck is dead at the age of 64.
Take this job and shove it.
That was his big hit.
That was the working man's anthem in 1977.
Paycheck have been bedridden and nursing home with, I wonder if he was in there with Mrs.
Wallace from passions.
She's going to be a nursing home if she don't watch it.
Unless Beth gets her with that needle first.
Paycheck have been bedridden and nursing home with emphysema and asthma.
He died to all, by the way, I don't want to spoil passions for you today, but Grace makes
a comeback thanks to a K and the Tabitha who reached in at Big Boala water and they pull
her spirit right back from the, because the evil forces, the demons don't want the IV
yet.
You know Poison Ivy?
Yeah.
You have no idea what I'm talking about.
That's good.
Paycheck have been bedridden and nursing home with emphysema and asthma.
He died Tuesday, specializing in earthy, plain spoken songs.
Paycheck recorded 70 albums and had more than two dozen hit singles.
His biggest hit take this job and shove it inspired by a movie of that name.
How?
How come we didn't have that movie on our list?
In a title album that sold two million copies.
His other hits included, so you didn't have it, but I got him right here.
Don't take her.
She's all I got, which was revived 25 years later in 1996 by Tracy Bird.
I'm the only hell mama ever raised.
Slide off your satin sheets, old violin and you can have her.
Sounds like that Larry Lujek bit, right?
But those comedy song titles, slide off your satin sheets and I'm the only hell mama ever
raised.
My music's always been about life and situation, situation, comedy's situation like he said
1977.
And now the situation is he's dead.
He and another ex convict.
Oh, I see, look at this.
His career was interrupted in 1981.
We served two years in prison for shooting a man in the head in Ohio Bar in 1985.
He shot up in a haid.
Huh?
He and another ex convict, country star Merle Haggard, performed at the Chilaconthic
Correctional in student Ohio while paycheck was imprisoned there.
I heard from fans constantly throughout the entire two years he said after his release.
The letters never stopped from throughout the world.
I look forward to mail call every day.
Ohio Governor Richard Celeste continued our commuted paycheck seven and nine years since
fragmented assault and a singer returned to his career.
He was court martialed in prison for two years in the 50s for slugging a naval officer.
He had a little bit of a temper.
He was like a real man.
He was a man's man.
You know what I'm saying?
He wasn't the other one.
He's pussy's, you know, like tab hunter.
He was a real man.
Ever tab hunter that did young love stole that song from Sonny James?
No.
I'm cap of a record.
Tab hunter on dot.
In fact, when Tony Perkins met him, he said, hey, tab, what's dot?
Any showroom?
Any liked it?
North Miami Beach.
Hello?
Yeah.
Do you think that guy's ecstatic?
What is it?
I'm Johnny Pitchett.
Johnny's other head was back on sheep up.
I know me.
I'll wait right here.
That's Woody.
I didn't realize it was chronic Thursday.
Did you?
No, I didn't get the middle of it.
It's not even 10 o'clock yet.
We've already heard from 400 or 500 chronic.
All right, and look all.
This is sports waiting for my city to be here.
You way, yeah.
Now I pick the bad date of putt sniff and glue.
Yo, the learning channel and MTV have hooked up to bring you the freshest new decorating
show, Trading Cribs.
This week, Snoop Dogg and Celine Dion redecorate each other's bedrooms.
Okay, Celine.
The first thing we're going to do is we're going to take down Snoop's horrible ceiling
fan.
Oh, no, the Mr. Dogg he said to me, touch my ceiling fan and I will pop a cat on you.
Trading Cribs.
Watch music's biggest stars shine and Sam and paint.
So Snoop, what should we do with Celine's bedroom?
Yo, check it out.
I think we need to paint over that big old picture that faddle bow cracker with the white
beard.
Yeah, but that's the mural of her husband, René.
Say what?
Damn, I know.
Trading Cribs will snoop dogby by wow by what Celine's done to his beloved bedroom.
Okay, Mr. Snoop, I hope you like what I have done.
Yes?
Okay, you are opening your eyes now.
Wait, hold up, hold up.
Where my, where my dance ceiling fan is?
Get over here.
Come here, you're a big dog.
Get me down.
Don't miss trading Cribs right after TRL.
Total redecorate life.
101560 W.Q.
So I think we left the choice off the pool today.
What?
We could add four hours of Neil playing.
Oh, my, oh, my.
That might have been interesting.
Anyway, it might have got some votes too.
Tonight on PBS, somebody faces us and we thank them.
Frontline, the War Behind Closed Doors.
The War Behind Closed Doors explores the 10-year gestation of a producer Michael Kirk calls
the Bush administration's Dr. Neur preemption informed policy, focusing on official on the
officials most significantly associated with it.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Secretary of Defense Donald Roosevelt in their top aides
Louis Libby and Paul Wolfowitz respectively.
The policy in North Chia is that the U.S. has a responsibility to dominate the world's
hotspots as Kirk and that Iraq is a demonstration project of it.
Interviewees include Weekly Standard Editor Bill Crystal.
Oh, my God.
I can hear the boot stomping now.
Pentagon advisor Richard Puril and Kenneth Pollock are as that Pollock, a Clinton administration
national security advisor and author of the threatening storm the case for invading
Iraq will lie in narrowest.
I don't think I want to see that.
No, no, you mentioned it.
With that, with that bunch, with Bill Crystal and Richard Puril.
Who now wants to see that?
Oh, fat.
Thanks anyway.
Like I said, I'll be watching a Leafs playing out of the caps and the Panthers playing
the Senators in Ottawa.
Here's Linda who faxes.
Is this kind of cute?
Did you read this?
Yes, I did.
I read them up.
But let's take a very important call and keep us going because we're taking part in
one in time today.
Apparently.
What do you mean by that?
Well, we haven't given them a poll list though to get involved with yet.
Don't you understand?
Yeah, we're not building a poll.
You should know.
Here's keep us going.
Hello.
Oh, okay.
See, I told you they're all out today.
I mean, one of them.
In fact, we'll have to start making a list to see which ones haven't called in yet.
Oh, making a list.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live, it's ScreenListers day.
I'm going to be a Roger Show Carlos.
Got it?
He won't.
He's blinking like he doesn't believe it.
What do you mean by that?
I don't understand.
Well, how can you handle all these call that are pouring in here?
The mighty Cone guy?
That the Goof-Flaw, the Abuelian guy called from Jersey?
Oh, yeah.
That Ashley from the Minneapolis.
Look what you've done.
What do you mean by that?
No, no, no.
You just relax.
Don't worry about it.
Okay.
Sit there and worry about it.
Did you get that book on it?
Did you have Eric get that book cover on our website?
I got the Amazon information form and the picture and everything.
Excellent.
Very good.
Let's get on it right away.
Eric Alterman, what liberal media?
That's our new book recommended reading for the people out there for the 2% of the audience.
So actually read a book or have somebody read it to them.
Linda says got a couple ideas for polls.
What as a listener would like to do with Neil before he croaks?
Better hurry.
Strokes?
One, spend a day in Amsterdam visiting hot gay places together.
Two, spend a day showing him the era of his ways concerning his politics.
Three, spend a day preaching to him about God so he might find redemption.
Oh God.
Four, spend a day getting baked on various drugs.
She says that's her choice.
I think it would be right to get stone with me.
Then things that Sheridan can do with Antonio, speaking of passions.
And you're right, Linda.
Passion is going great again.
Now it was really stuck in a rut there for a while.
You'll be excited to see that IV makes you come back back into a body today and Sam is all guilty and excited.
Wouldn't be nice to have like a big bowl of water in the kitchen.
You can just reach in there and make all kinds of things happen.
Well, that's what they do on passions.
Anyway, things that Sheridan can do with Antonio.
One, use him as a serving table of Teresa's next talker party.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Two, take him to Letterman show for stupid Antonio tricks.
I can't believe that Dr. Phil actually got a big number on Letterman show.
You told me to go to show that that is that's terrifying to me.
Three, making a meaning Antonio stand him up and use him as a room divider.
Yeah, but I think some of us might keep bumping into him and four read him out for gay parties.
Excellent job, Linda.
Thank you so much.
You're right.
Passion's rules, sweetheart.
Make no mistake about it.
I see Carlos.
We got him smoking here a little bit.
I'm not not like full heavy duty like it should be.
But considering WQ I am.
Hey, what's up, chief?
Let's talk about this carry out event or incident.
Yeah, the EDR DJ.
I will be up the exercise.
So the first time this has happened, if you recall a couple of years ago, Paul Cascerin
Ovo had gotten arrested for smuggling bones.
Yeah.
That's it, that's it.
And that's it.
That was good.
I told you, do screenless, you get the good stuff in there.
Okay, that was probably Paul's boyfriend calling.
Maybe that was a young Ryan's boyfriend.
Which one do you think?
I think it was PD.
WQ I am.
No, that's what he again was probably PD Lenny.
It was calling.
So I'm just going to do my bedtime stories because I was even guy.
I'm sorry.
I mean, we got no calls.
We have what we have on the phone today.
Sick of better anything.
We have no real colors on his show today.
It's very sad.
Did we have one?
Well, the first guy we started on, he was pretty good.
He had something who's riff and bush and ass.
He actually had something to say about something going on in the world.
And then the rest of them have been just the usual misfits.
Woody, your quote is up today.
Woody, okay, go away.
Don't go away, mad.
Just go away and don't ever come back.
Everybody in America hates you like poison.
WQ I am.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Go away.
Yes.
Send me your password.
Send me your password.
Send me your password.
Send me your password.
Send me your password.
Send me your password.
Send me your password.
Send me your password.
Send me your password.
Send me your password.
I have how many нед 전에.
You got so manysemers on else's
and then lived to pay for a big time. W-D-Q-I-M. W-D-Q-I-M.
It has all ratings, baby.
Yeah, sure it does. Three-shear. W-D-Q-I-M.
And Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a lot of my family members down by the way.
That's not a big idea.
What is it?
Johnny Page-Jex.
Yeah.
Is everything a lot like Vixie?
I don't want to go.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay, I'm doing great.
Good.
Johnny Shine has a beautiful day and T.O. man.
It's beautiful.
I know it's gorgeous in Miami.
I'm telling you.
Five minutes after one, I'm going to be on my way to a nice lunch today.
I'm going to have my newspaper sit and relax for my feet up on the table in the restaurant.
Get kicked out. It'll be great.
Why don't you bring me a lot, please?
No thanks.
Okay, Neil, the reason I'm calling, you know, I don't know if you have a...
He had a chance yesterday last night to look at...
to watch some TV.
And Helen Thomas was on TV with actually your friend on here?
Yeah, we had a call about that.
Our first call about that.
I'm sorry, I just...
That's okay.
I just...
I turned him off because when I turned it on, he was talking about that stupid bra that disappeared Lacey or whatever.
That's why I let the people from our side.
I'm telling you, I never knew that Helen Thomas really had so much good things to say.
Yeah.
About your friend George Bush.
About the Boso Maisteria.
I'm telling you, she said it was the worst present she ever saw.
Mm-hmm.
That makes me very happy.
And also, in quiz matches, they...
Well, I make you very happy that she said it, but that doesn't mean he had to present anymore.
See, that's the only problem.
I know, I understand.
But, you know what?
At least I know that I'm not by myself.
And I know that there are some people just wearing my ideas too.
And in quiz matches, they have a Boso.
And I tell you, the guy...
I never knew he had some sense of humor.
I'm telling you, that was...
Well, you know, any guy that would do limp penis spots,
he must have a little bit of a sense of humor, you know?
That's right, that's right.
Okay, and he'll listen, take me out of class with you, okay?
Okay, good luck to you.
What happened to that thing?
I must have misplaced it.
Where's that thing about the t-shirts that you've faxed me?
That's very important.
I'll talk to the guy, and I saved it as well.
No, no, I got to hear somewhere.
What the hell did I do with that?
I didn't put...
I didn't shmit can that, did I?
Well, that would be really bad.
I remember this is the t-shirt...
Everyday just relax, condom.
International terrorist t-shirts.
This was the first story we did this morning.
About the kid in Dearborn, one of the suburbs of Detroit.
Got sent home from school because he was wearing a t-shirt that had bushes picked around it
and said, International Terrorist.
What are the typical stories of what goes on in America where freedom of speech is just a figment of somebody's imagination?
And if you don't, Evan believe me, you can f*** yourself, okay?
Because you can't say f*** squat in America anymore.
It's just amazing.
We've taken all these gigantic steps back into the dark ages.
We keep talking about Afghanistan.
We bombed them into the dark ages.
They are already wearing the dark ages.
Now we're trying to join them, I think.
Take any enormous strides backward.
International terrorist t-shirts, you can actually get one.
Just go to www.internationalterrorist.com.
I like the black one myself.
I'm going to go to me one right now.
In fact, yes, do you see what they're made?
Canada.
Made in Canada, eh?
Children's large and small to triple XL adult.
I think we got one enough, even big enough for the Humper.
Well, and then they also make them in white.
So you can order the www.internationalterrorist.com
and be a proud wearer of that.
Of course, down there, I don't know.
I think it'd be a good idea to be walking around in South Florida, one of those on.
Up here, it'd be a big hit at the end of the day.
Believe you, you have no idea.
You can only begin to imagine what they have to say about the USA and about our president up here in North of the border.
You can only begin to imagine, except in the right wing reactionary rags, but other than that.
I thought I was saying?
No, what?
They don't like him.
Well, you remember a couple of months ago, remember the broad crutch-ins assistant who had a finely resigned?
Right.
Because she said he would...
You remember the comment?
She had a quitter job this poor lady, because she had the balls to call it like it was, because she called him a M-O-R-O-N.
Yeah.
Exactly. That was her word.
250 votes on a pool, and less than an hour.
We're well on our way to breaking all records today. Can you see that?
What I want most from the Thea Roger show is, I'll listen regardless.
I'm a groupie, 83.33.2, a full third of this audience.
Our groupies, now listen to what if we do an OMI, OMI with Joseph Gacchi all day.
Let's give it a shot. Come on.
What about tomorrow?
Entertainment in a few last, 55. That's 22%.
Don't you think Hank ought to go see Dr. Hamft?
Yeah.
But he won't.
No.
She's great.
She would straighten his ass out in the rest of the tool I can buy in one day.
I'm telling you.
She could go to that strip throw.
He's got...
He keeps slept on over there in Dave County, Demonstinon, all of his chronic doctors.
You know, if...
What am I getting excited about?
You know, you can lead an elephant to water.
But you can't make him go to a good doctor.
Niels liberal and anti-religious writings, 45 people want to hear that.
That's what they want most.
17.7%.
A few laughs and a few bedtime stories, 35.
Niel ripping the asshole callers, 22.
Only 8.6%.
Want to hear WQIM?
I'm guessing this is the Niel Lager show, right?
You're guessing?
Yeah.
Well, I got the number from WQIM, so it must be.
It is.
This is Niel Lager show at WQIM.
Hi, thanks.
Who's this?
Who are you calling?
Well, I can talk to George or...
Okay.
Is this George?
Yeah.
Great.
That doesn't sound like you, because I was sitting on the radio.
You sound different.
So the reason I'm calling, I get right to the point because I know you're busy in there.
Great.
I am busy.
I know you guys don't do jokes, but I...
I picked up a joke off of the internet.
Okay.
Anyway, that was that Niel ripping asshole callers, 22.
Or mostly pulls with long listed choices, 10.
I'm telling you, boy, between...
What was the one where I potted up the thing the other day and it was like right there?
Right.
And then we had the anthrax thing last year.
I'm telling you, I haven't lost it.
Oh!
It's fight of the stroke.
I'm still stroking it, man, but I'm in spite of it.
Still haven't lost the magic touch.
Thank you very much, sir, by the way, for your very funny yuck.
Yuck.
I got my finger all the way up to my eyebrow, inside.
10, 14 at 560 WQM, Tom Laman and Joe Paredo of Halopodiac GMC.
They're not yoken around here.
They're proud of what ounce three great Niel Rogers, Niel Diel's no kidding.
So listen very, very closely.
Niel Diel number one.
Get yourself 0% financing on all GMC 1500 series pickups.
You heard correct.
0% on all 1500 series pickups at Halop right this moment.
Niel Diel number two.
At least a GMC on board for just $299 a month plus tax for 48 months.
That's correct only $299 a month plus tax for a great GMC on board.
Niel Diel number three, by a potty act five for just $199 a month.
That's correct.
Only $199 a month gets you a potty act five.
Halop's also got great Niel Diel's on use cars, trucks and SUVs as well.
And as far as credit is concerned, even if you're a deadbeat, even if he wants new Greg Reed,
no problem, he'll still cut you deal somehow, some way, and Halopodiac.
It's the great Niel Diel triple letter going on right now at Halop 134-1 South Dixie highway.
That's you almost want across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
You know that, Moll mentioned again this morning that if a Tom loses Major League Baseball,
you're really ill-feel it.
You'll really be sorry.
Won't you be sorry?
For more information called the Niel Diel hotline tool free at 1-885-344-4211.
That's 1-885-344-4211.
Don't forget all Niel Diel's are subject credit to Provell C-Dieler for details.
Halopodiac GMC is make no mistake about a professional grade and proud of it.
My mind and local, we're sports radio five-sixys, you ain't, you ain't.
You fudge back in?
And now, things you'll never hear Kid Rock say.
Hey, Pam, what do you say we'd take a couple of classes over there at the community college?
Things you'll never hear Kid Rock say.
I've run out of things that rhyme with bitch.
Things you'll never hear Kid Rock say.
My wing looks so big between your hooters.
Things you'll never hear Kid Rock say.
Let's go out, Pam.
The only thing on TV is wrestling and tractor fools.
Things you'll never hear Kid Rock say.
Man, be an A Rockstar sucks.
I want to work on an auto assembly line like my deadbeat dad and his deadbeat dad before him.
Things you'll never hear Kid Rock say.
It's a 1018 at 560.
I was just to read over this fact.
You just sent to me.
Yep.
Editorial observer, Brent Staples writes in the op-ed, uh, page of New York Times today,
The trouble with corporate radio, the day the protest music died, consolidated ownership has changed what we hear on the year.
No, Schmidt.
And whoever faxed this is, today's New York Times read this on the year.
It'll kill out of time.
Pop music played a crucial role in that.
I'm not going to read the whole thing in the national debate over the Vietnam more by the late 1960s radio stations across the country were crackling with blatantly political songs that became mainstream hits after the National Guard killed four anti-war demonstrators of Kent State in Ohio in the spring of 1970.
Crosby Stills National recorded a song simply titled Ohio about the horror of the event criticizing President Richard Nixon by name.
The song was rushed onto the year while sentiment was still high and became both an anti-war anthem and a huge money maker.
A comparable song about George W. Bush's rush to war in Iraq would have no chance at all today.
There were plenty of angry people many would prime music buying demographics but independent radio stations that once would have played edgy political music have been gauved up by corporations who control hundreds of stations and have no wish to rock the boat.
Corporate ownership is change what gets played and who plays it.
With a few exceptions that is stockies who once existed to discover for for a pocket of new music have long since put them been put out the pasture.
The new generation operates from playlist dictated by corporate central list that some DJs describe as wallpaper music.
Oh!
Recording artist were seen as hysterics when they complained during the 1990s that radio was killing popular music by playlists.
Playing too little of it popular music but musicians have turned out to be the canaries in the cool mind.
The first group to be affected by a 1996 federal law that allowed corporations to gobble up hundreds of stations limiting expression over the airwaves that merely licensed to broadcasts but owned by the American public.
When a media giant swallows a station it typically fires the staff and pipes in music along with something that resembles news via satellite.
To make the local public think things have remained the same the voice track system sometimes includes references to local matters sprinkled into the broadcast.
But my rock and roll colleague William Sapphire describes as the re-unation of independent radio started with a corporate tiesay, a corporateizing in the 1980s but took automatically when the telecommunications act of 1996 increased the number of stations that one entity could own in the single market and permitted companies to buy up as many stations nationally as their deep pockets would allow.
The new rules were built as an effort to increase radio diversity but they appeared who had the opposite effect and you are absolutely correct sir.
Under the old rules the top two owners had 115 stations between them today the top two own more than 1400 stations.
In many major markets a few corporations control 80% of the listenership or more like soft Florida.
Liberal Democrats are horrified by the Legion and conservative talk show host to dominate the airwaves but the problem stretches across party lines.
National Journal reported last month that representative Mark Foley Republican of Florida was finding it difficult to reach his constituents over the year since national radio companies moved into his district, reducing the number of local stations from five to one.
Senator Byron Dhruggen, Democrat of North Dakota had a potential disaster in his district when a freight train carrying an anhygrist ammonia derailed, releasing a deadly cloud over the city of Minot.
When the emergency alert system failed a police called the town radio stations, six of which are owned by corporate giant Clear Channel, according to news accounts no one answered the phone at the station for more than an hour and a half.
300 people were hospitalized some partially blinded by the ammonia pets and livestock were killed.
How do you like that? Nobody answered the phones there for more than an hour and a half probably because there wasn't anybody there.
Gee, you think? Yeah. Because their whole life is on automation at Cheap Channel.
The perils of consolidation can be seen clearly in the music world, different stations play formats labeled adult contemporary, active rock, contemporary hit radio and so on.
But studies show that the formats are often different in name only and that as many as 50% of the sauce played in one format can be found in other formats as well, like building a buttercup by the foundations.
The point of these sterile playlists is to continually repeat songs that challenge nothing and no one blending in large blotzer commercials.
Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin has introduced a bill that would require close scrutiny of mergers that could potentially put the majority of the country's radio stations in a single corporation's hands.
Lawmakers who missed last month's Senate hearings on this issue should get hold of the testimony offered by singer and songwriter Don Henley best known as member of the Eagles, the rock band.
Mr. Henley said a testimony we call the congressional pay-ola hearings of 1959 and 60, which showed the public how disc jockeys were accepting grabs to spin records on the air.
Now Mr. Henley said record companies must pay large sums to independent promoters who intercede with radio conglomerates to get songs on the air.
Those fees Mr. Henley said in a recent telephone interview sometimes reach $400,000.
Which brings us back to the hypothetical pop song attacking George Bush.
The odds against such a song reaching the air are steep from the outset given a conservative corporate structure that controls thousands of stations.
Record executives who know the lay of the land take the path of least resistance when deciding where to spend their promotional money.
This flight to sameness and superficiality is narrowing the range of what Americans hear on the radio and killing popular music.
Rights Brent Staples today is New York time.
Nice going Brent.
And you are absolutely effing correct Mr. Attila right now.
Who the hell in their right mind is going to have the balls to play a song ripping out presidently?
You know what I'm saying?
Nobody I know.
Oh right.
Don't lie.
Oh the heartburn.
Don't every time I see.
That free card it dimwits.
Don't don't fall.
I see these.
These presidents of the fuck are repubbing it muscle-in and in archingular idiots.
I don't know why they won't want to stop a night here.
The first person ever for years with president of the fuck.
Oh what I did to got both ones fall and get to be your voted for.
Oh why?
If you want this.
Don't talk about this drumming stupidly.
Don't talk about this drum and rich kid.
