The right one is going to get a freaky of low.
His grandma, Grandpa, is getting way too old.
Is there constant nagging for attention getting to be a major inconvenience?
I can't someone to wipe me over here!
If you answered yes to any of these questions,
Netherlands.com's Health and Hospitality Division has the answer.
Netherlands' Euthanasia Services.
Over the centuries, millions of people have discovered death to be the preferred alternative to life.
Our staff is put together cracked medical professionals in Holland,
where Euthanasia is legal, who will ensure your comfort as they euthanize you,
or your loved one.
You will be flown first class to Amsterdam,
where you'll be treated to the most lavish, going-away party ever-imagined.
At one of Amsterdam's luxurious four-star hotels,
two full days in nights of food, drink, and marimen,
followed by professional and comfortable euthanasia,
after which your remains will be sent back to your loved ones,
or taken care of locally with Netherlands' highest-quality body disposal available.
So if you're suffering from an incurable disease,
or you may just be playing board with living,
log on to Netherlands' Euthanasia Services,
and get the party started.
Great idea. 9-1-5-60-WDQ-A-M, happy Thursday to you.
Our good close personal friend at Viral Beach, RC Boost,
whoever in Holland is, he adds a little problem with the spaxing techniques, you man?
They're right eventually.
Yeah, it looks like he, like, maybe even wiped his ass with the top of those four pages.
But there ain't nothing on it. I just thought I'd mention that to you, RC.
Give another shot, because I'm sure it's something very important.
Okay. Free plug time.
What do you give me a look like then?
I will. I will.
Free plug.
Joe, our good friend Joe Cortes came by my house yesterday.
From FSI Filter Service International, they're up in Voka.
They service Palm Beach Broward and Dave.
Put a filter in my thing. Check my AC unit.
He checked my unit. Thanks a lot, Joe. You're the best.
FSI Filter Service International Link.
Also, we want to talk about your good close personal friend Steve.
I think Steven Page, it's time for George wants to see his house.
Don't you want to see him?
Okay. Sure.
You really do?
I don't mean to, like, do anything for your bugs since you don't have any of these.
I don't have any, right?
But, well, why would you want to see him?
We love you, Steve, but you're strange.
Okay, let's just want to want to make your little...
Well, it's all the pie's in.
You're a little strange.
Is that what does it?
Well, that's my theory.
You found him.
You found him. You also found our other filler bug man.
What ever happened to filler bug man?
I don't know. I won't see him no more.
How do you know that?
I don't know.
Anyway, we asked yesterday on our pool.
And thanks, by the way, for all the creeping on there.
Man, we made a fortune yesterday. Keep it up.
I have to laugh all these talking heads.
Well, CNN did this poll and MSNBC did that poll.
And if you go to some of these websites, for example,
freewarepublic.com, you'll notice they have no life whatsoever.
Their life is creeping.
Voting on every pool under the sun to make sure that the right wing view,
their view, gets represented like 50 to 100, 200 times what it really is.
For example, our pool yesterday.
There he is right now.
May no direct allusion to the situation in Iraq.
What's your take on more with Iraq?
We asked yesterday.
1895 votes.
1895 votes.
That's more votes than George had all his polls that all summer long put together.
Ain't it twice at double?
1895 votes.
I'd say at least 30 or 40 were real.
What's your take on more with Iraq?
All four at Let's Rule, 583, 30.7%.
Anybody believe that?
No.
They freaked.
Every poll that was ever invented, check out that website freewarepublic.com
and see their Friday notes back and forth to which of the years today.
Oh, we got to creep this one right now.
Hurry up.
And I creeped in 11 times and I creeped in four times.
Ooh.
I seriously, I want to apologize to the golfers out there.
I mean, I still think playing golf is ridiculous and it's just for people
who have no life and kill a lot of time.
People are bored.
Oh, by the way, hi to my good friend Phil Saltsman.
I saw the hockey game last night.
Nice game, by the way.
Florida Panthers.
Zero Toronto may believe six.
Oh.
Loved it.
Anyway, yeah, Phil Saltsman was there last night.
I don't want to say about the fact that he thought that Alexander Mogilny was Jason Wolley.
Well, he's got a little eyesight problem, Phil.
So next time you're at Calder and Phil says,
and it's Seattle-Slow in front and in the Cresciano-Slow is dead or whatever.
Phil's got a little problem of seeing what's going on.
But he's a great guy.
And fat.
Lou Samoyed Phil, okay, we want to keep you around.
Anyway, what's your take on the War of the Rack?
All four, let's rule, 584.
30.7%.
I'm strongly against it, 456.24%.
Haven't been convinced it's justified, 446.23.4%.
Even after a role in Cullen was on there, and there's kind of a lesa.
The laying tactic.
Yeah.
Haven't been convinced it's justified, 446.
I support it, but I'm nervous about it. 248.
Let's take care of North Korea for its 128, especially since they got it.
6.7%.
And don't know, 37.1.9% or just, no, no, no, no, no, no, no matter what, is it Thursday?
Don't know.
Is it the cold out?
Don't know.
Is Lincoln dead or alive?
Don't know.
WQAM.
Come back.
Good to get him out of the way early.
Not amazing when I said about people with no lines.
He heard you call it.
Oh, WQAM.
Out of touch, liberal.
WQAM.
Up and heal.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
And good morning, you.
Quick question.
If Mohawar call up and then calls you a stupid, you bitch.
Would you try to get him suspended or fired?
No.
Okay, just check it.
What does that mean?
Do we have any idea what that means?
No, that's me.
I don't try getting anybody suspended or getting people getting fired.
As opposed to some other people who seem to spend a lot of their time trying to get a whole bunch of people fired.
Watch your back, Zach.
Are you going to be working for a moan?
No, moa.
That's kind of catchy.
You know, I want to start singing it myself.
So that's the result from yesterday's pool.
Oh, look at this.
They're out of this 9 to 10 hour man.
They love it.
The screen was dead.
That's all right.
Here's our pool for today.
We don't want to waste any time.
And then we're going to like take some suggestions on what we might do tomorrow over the weekend.
You think people really watch infomercials or just us?
Me and Carlos.
Because I got to be honest with you.
I've got 45 satellite dishes.
I've got all this other stuff.
CDs, DVDs, DVDs.
And still a good part of the time there's nothing on to watch.
But you show me, in fact, over the weekend when they had all this Columbia disaster stuff going on.
None stop.
My gosh.
Unbelievable.
And so if you find a good infomercial, hey, there's Ron Popeel with that thing again.
What does that thing called a rotisserie oven?
What do they call it?
I think it's a rotisserie oven.
No, no, there's an info.
Somebody will know.
But you're right.
The GLHD.
What did that stand for now?
Great looking hair.
Great looking hair.
Hair and a can.
Just spritzes.
Don't sweat at all.
And definitely don't take a shower and go out on the rain.
Neither one.
Paint your ball spot.
You can paint your ball spot.
Thanks to Ron Popeel.
That had to be in the best part of the thing is that there were people out there buying it.
That's the best thing.
Oh, yeah, that's a good idea.
Ron, let me spray on some hair.
Oh, you look beautiful.
Huh?
People will buy if it's on television.
Right.
People will buy anything.
Any crap.
And the sad part of it is that usually when it's on television, it's crap.
He's a great huxter, though.
You got to hear it.
I love Ron Popeel.
I think he, I admire people like that.
Him, Jerry Springer.
They pedal crap.
Right.
And they know there's no way to make millions.
Now Ron Popeel, he sent us those crappy spaghetti makers.
But you got yours in the closet.
So, we're going to have a lot of time.
No, it's just going down.
It broke the second time I tried to use it.
Just like my juice maker from the Juicy Man.
You know, the Juicy Man is only 30, but looks like I'm going to attempt with the big bushy eyebrows.
Makes Andy Rooney look like a piker.
The Juicy Man.
I don't know what my favorite part of that pasta maker was.
The mess or the noise.
Oh, no, I like the product that came up.
That's a losing kind of look.
A losing dough.
Yeah, a losing dough.
In fact, don't you like fried dough?
Showtime rotisserie.
Oh, thank you so much.
Showtime rotisserie.
I'm going to start making that list.
The Showtime rotisserie.
Now, that actually is a good product, I believe.
I don't have one.
And Carlos says, you got it.
It's really good.
You got one?
He's got a friend.
He's got a friend.
He's never rotisserie, but he's got a friend who takes baths with him in the sink.
No, he's got a Showtime rotisserie, as Fred.
He said it's a damn good thing.
Now, I don't know too many people, by the way, who eat those little chickens
that he's always sticking on there and ducks the Cornish game here.
Cornish game hens.
Oh, man.
And then you take those plastic gloves that you get free with your Showtime rotisserie.
And then that little little plastic tray that you put on top to keep all your vegetables steaming hot.
I just get nervous.
Which means I guess you don't want to be touching the top of your rotisserie ever because it must be about 600 degrees.
Exactly.
He never mentions that.
Love Ron Popeel.
God, Ron, we wish we had your money and doing his little work as he does.
I mean, you know, he makes those infomercials and probably takes about two and a half hours to do it.
And then about six months later, he makes another one.
And the money just keeps pouring in.
That's what we need.
We want something where the money just comes in the mail.
Some scam.
Religion?
Nah, that's...
Yeah, that's a good idea.
DNH, do no harm.
Cost you 50 bucks to join and 10 bucks a month.
That's pretty cheap.
Get away real cheap.
You won't go to heaven by guarantee you won't go to hell.
I'm guaranteeing you go to heaven or double your money back.
Okay, that's not fair.
Double your money back guarantee.
You better than Ron Popeel.
I like the...
What's the guy's name?
What is his name?
The orange...
Orange clean.
Clean.
You know what I'm talking about.
I think it is Orange.
Billy Maze.
Billy Maze.
No religion to Willie Maze.
A little bit lighter, complex with a big beard.
Billy Maze.
He's got...
And they send you like just tons of this stuff.
You're drowning in it.
There's the purple stuff and the orange stuff.
Huh?
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
It must be really good stuff because if you spend 1995,
that only you get your six cans.
That's what they send you like 400 cans of the orange plus proof of stuff
that you wipe your ass with.
If you want your ass smelling lemony fresh, this is the way to do it.
When you like to have your ass smelling like orange peels,
those drawers think that's a good idea.
It does.
Your ass smells like orange peels.
I have a...
I'll tell you what, after the break, Carlos will tell us if you're right or not.
It's 11 after 9 at 5, 6.
Not letting him near it.
Hi, it's 60.
WQ.
Well, maybe he does like to check it out.
All that hardware.
So we can be honest.
Now I'm not talking about that, Carlos.
I'm talking about...
Oh, jeez.
Oh, jeez.
Freaking Carlos is going to check out your ass.
We've decided we're not going to make the distinction anymore.
Mmm.
Have you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have...
Or did it want to do something?
But didn't do it?
Well, there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there waiting for you.
Right this moment at 3.45% and this rate's available by calling financial group TIL-free.
1-800-94053-63.
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%, you'd save yourself $3,500 in the first year loan,
$300,000 that you owe.
$100,000 cost only $447 a month.
Here's an opportunity that won't last long.
It's a 40-year loan.
So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying you a home call financial group TIL-free,
1-800-94053-63, the process is simple and the call is absolutely free.
1-800-940-LD financial group has been in equal housing later 2000s of borrowers with this Fannie Mae program.
Credit restrictions do apply.
Rates are subject to the change of your way too long.
5.34 APR call financial group today.
1-800-940-LD.
3-800-94053-63.
This is sports radio 5-6-2-A-M.
I've been eating crap.
Coming next year, the King of Pop.
In a tray your hometown.
Touring to benefit the Cardinal Classical School for wayward boys.
If my goal tracks it.
I'm a little late isn't picky.
I've got a very happy time.
Michael Jackson's gonna miss you on.
Because I found a little many childhood.
Don't know if he's that qualified.
Michael Akiyach.
Yes, Michael performs all of his grandkids.
From oldies with the Jackson 5.
There are a lot of APCs.
I'm getting down on my knees.
We're moving to younger days.
ABC, start on me.
Baby, you and me.
That's right.
From the timeless tunes of the Jackson 5.
To the classic solo work.
Michael Jackson's benefit to our aims to please.
The people left to room are so pretty.
And then Nile.
Some call me big.
Brother, some are better.
And there's no one to defy.
I just sit for a while.
And beat it, beat it, beat it.
I can't come top.
I beat it, beat it, beat it.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm through the press that I just sit around.
So can we be for a call?
For my call, call, call again.
When I'm home alone sitting naked by the phone.
I beat it, beat it.
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes.
To hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room.
Michael Jackson's benefit.
Hey, Michael.
Yes, Bobby.
Is that your real skin color?
Yeah.
Well, it's inside with counts.
But I know a game that we can play to find out.
And so if you fly, you know, it's time to free Willy.
Say, say, say what you want.
But you know who I do the better.
We don't know how to read.
But then two boys give me a reaction.
And here's the rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the showrun of the world.
With the Vienna Boys choir backing him up.
I don't like girls.
No.
I like real children.
Yeah.
They are the ones who turn me on and hate.
I hope they will then.
It's a choice of making.
I might screw up their lives.
But it's true they make the greatest name when they just die.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
White Billy's jeans.
Do you know how to build time?
And of course, smooth criminal.
Yes, it's Michael Jackson's tour.
It's a benefit that the Cardinal Clancy School, for wayward boys,
get your tickets now.
Boys under 10 if it is free when a company buy no one.
They're black, they're white.
They're real, they're really tight.
They're black, they're white.
Oh!
I'm 17, 560 WM.
He's big man.
I'll tell you those CD sales are zooming up there, which is what this is all about.
Because suckers like us keep giving him a lot of free publicity.
In fact, our poll today is about Michael Jackson, because that thing's on ABC tonight.
Isn't it on BarbaWalewas?
Now, what that interview is or not?
No, it's not.
I don't know.
No, it's that British guy.
But it's on Quest.
It's on No, not Richard Quest.
What else is guy's name?
See, now you're putting me on a spot.
I got to hear somewhere.
And one of my bedtime stories.
Where is that thing?
Oh, no.
Don't tell me Carlos didn't give me back my bedtime story.
I know you did, but I'm just still all for time.
Here it is.
The guy's name is the British guy.
His name is something.
Martin Bashir.
Oh, yeah.
I think he's Ken De Donald Bashir.
But anyway, don't start with a hockey talk just because your leaf's speed to panther is 6-0 last night.
And powder the crap bottom.
And Glenn Healey says that when teams start thinking with their pocketbook and not with their brains,
that's really bad for the organization and the flow to panthers are desperate.
That's what Glenn Healey says.
I just don't pass that along.
Here's our poll today.
What's your take on Michael Jackson?
Now, we did this before quite some time ago, but he wasn't as big in the news as he is right now.
What time is that on tonight?
On ABC's 2020, 8 p.m. Eastern time.
Okay?
7 p.m. Central time.
And if you're out in the middle of the line, it'll land a good luck to you.
What's your take on Michael Jackson?
He's the world's number one fruit cake.
He's a sick pedophile.
Yes.
He's weird, but I love his music.
He blows and sodas's music.
He's okay or George Rodriguez's gay.
Yeah, you took my idea.
No, I did.
I took it and ran with it.
From yesterday, you've already got two votes.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
See?
I need to give Michael a run for his money.
But look at him and you're not giving him a run for his money.
Look at all the cash he's making from all this scandal.
From being a twisted, sick, disgusting pedophile who's like hanging his baby over the edge.
Somebody's baby.
I take that back, not his baby.
Somebody's baby over the edge of a balcony.
Ha ha ha.
In Germany.
Four votes for he's a sick pedophile.
Two already. It's up there.
Two for George Rodriguez's gay.
One, he's the world's number one fruit cake and one for he blows and sodas's music.
Blows.
Also, we finally got to facts from our good close personal friend and Viral.
Was that Tim Horton I saw in the ice last night.
Bow wow, Pete Cowkecick.
Bring back Rimmer.
It says, I'm ready.
Reminded me of Rimmer even though the rest of this fact is kind of pointless.
Speaking of Rimmer.
We want to correct one thing as we don't want to ruin his image.
Because yesterday I mentioned the fact that he paid for that meal for his whole family of the pizza lot.
Because his name wasn't in the computer.
Come to find out he paid 50%.
Because he's got that 50% discount that was already like grandfathered in.
Which his name is in the computer.
Unacceptable.
Right.
So in other words, the idea that he paid full price.
We don't want it like as it's spoilers image, which I told him.
And he's still wanting to pay.
So he paid 50% discount.
He brought the whole family in it.
First of all, stop and think about this.
Okay, his kids are in because it's all star weekend.
His son works in Toronto.
His daughter works up in Columbus for Doug McLean.
And they're in town for the weekend.
Takes them out for dinner.
Does he go like to Burns, I mean to Ruth Chris?
Does he go to like a fine fancy shmancy sit down restaurant?
He goes to the pizza lot, which is fine.
We love the pizza lot.
The food's very good.
But he goes there. Why?
Why?
I know why.
Why would you say if it's free?
It's me.
There you go, expecting anticipating since we just supposedly had him grandfathered in there for the free meals.
Unbelievable.
If you really believe you're ever going to get that lunch, I don't.
You are dreaming, Mr.
You're never getting no free lunch from that free loader.
I don't.
Oh, you're in first place by the way.
George Rodriguez is gay 12.
Oh, right.
I think you should put it on there every day.
Okay.
My goose up our, might help our gay agenda.
Might not have to put our religious thing on there at 50 bucks a pop.
No, you're right.
We have to start some scam religion.
I already am working on it.
Now, you've been working on it for five years already.
That's right.
That's right.
Not soon enough.
For years and years and years.
And based on recent events here in the last year at this radio station, going back to whatever
that guy was talking about before about trying to get somebody fired just because they called me a Jew bitch.
See what I'm saying?
What is up and going on here in the last year?
A lot of stuff has gone down like the stock market.
WDQAM.
Yeah, let's speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Wow, screamless, screamless.
Nine o'clock hour man, screamless, everything.
Well, quick question.
Actually, question and a problem.
I have a very small penis.
Yeah.
And I play with it a lot.
Uh-huh.
I don't know.
Any recommendations?
What should I do with it?
What should you do with it?
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the pound five, six, the only AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WDQAM.
He must have been one of those sports nerds.
That guy.
He probably sits around listening to this sports show as poil, squeezing it.
WDQAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I'm crazy.
This is the day for honesty of nothing else.
You know what?
He must be one of those Panther fans.
I'll tell him.
Can't complain about the crowd we had there at the Macarena last night because there wasn't any.
Paper says 13,000.
I'm going to tell you something.
You guys, this Alan Cohen and this organization, you guys, you got to set the human man.
The like you would have never seen.
13,000, that's counting all the people over at the SOG RAS.
Counting everybody who was on Oakland Park Boulevard.
Counting everybody who was like on Sunrise between I-95 and I-95.
13,000, if there was 8,000 people in the last night, that was a lot.
That was a lot.
And this, this keep in mind on the heels of all the big hoopla on the y'all star weekend and all that free publicity in both newspapers.
Which are now back to burying it on page 12 and 15, etc.
Because nobody here really cares anyway.
It's just, it's like everything here is so fake.
It's so freaking fake.
It's airs out.
It's make believe.
But I didn't see Phil Saltsman and my good close friend Howard Kleinberg, who wants the world to know that he doesn't work for the Harold anymore.
Nice going Howard.
Good guy.
The Kleinbergs are great folks.
He said he told the Harold to stick it.
To shove it.
Yeah, we had a great time before the game talking about the Harold and what a piece of crap it is.
And we also discussed that the Jim DeFeedy guy.
Yeah.
And the fact that he wrote a couple of real columns in the beginning, do you know he used to work for new times?
He's right right for them.
And I've heard that the Harold and you wrote a couple of really good columns. He's like, oh my god, the Harold's got a really good columnist now.
Now, they got to him.
They must have started reading his crap.
Although they must have missed him one from yesterday where he wrote about how the Harold used to be such a great paper and out really blows.
And people aren't getting paid. They're sitting around. They can't make their car payments.
I mean, it was just pathetic.
It was tragic.
It would be like us talking about what a crap place this is.
And about how the all the underpaid people who can't get their bonus money on time.
And people making a 50 cents an hour like Carlos getting treated like garbage.
And about how everybody's at each other's throats.
And hates each other like poison in the backbiting and backstabbing.
We're not going to do that.
That would be wrong.
That would be wrong.
It would be unacceptable to create a bad image for this radio station.
And we certainly don't want to do that.
Even though of course it would be honest, it would be accurate.
It would be impartial.
And they would have to run ads for salespeople.
And then they'd have to go on here and run ads for salespeople because they can't keep anybody working here.
I mean, who would want to work here? Just ask Scott Schwartz. He'll tell you.
He went, he went, run out of here that one day screaming.
Just like that kid we had on before said he was crazy.
That's what Scott Schwartz babbling like a lady.
Babbling like a, like a little child.
Historical.
Couldn't believe what was going on in this place.
So we won't do that.
No, Jim DeFeedy, you idiot.
So anyways, nice to see my close friend Howard Kleinberg.
Congratulations Howard and get out of that place.
Also, he apologizes for falling asleep on my show on I&Z many years ago as a guest.
He finally admits to doing that.
Although he said I was out taking a crap at the time.
Look at these votes pouring in here, man.
On Michael Jackson. Don't forget eight o'clock tonight on ABC.
But it is on 2020.
We'll get to that article momentarily.
70 votes. George Rodriguez is gay 24.
Well, maybe they didn't get it on that poll that was two days ago.
Maybe they're a little late.
They want to register their feelings about it right now.
Still not going to go out with them.
They want to vent.
They want to let get their claws, get their bangy with their test tentacles.
Bangy.
George is gay 24.
Well, he's a sick pedophile.
And I see we got to clarify.
We're talking about Michael Jackson again.
Michael Jackson sick pedophile 18.
He's the world's number one fruitcake 16.
He blows and so does his music 9.
He's weird, but I love his music 3.
And nobody so far said he's okay.
Nobody said that.
Because they do understand that the government now is tracing everything.
They're monitoring your internet communications.
You're monitoring your phone or tracing your bowel movements.
And as a result, you just want to be very extra careful these days.
Because anybody that says Michael Jackson is okay.
Maybe hearing a little knock on the door about 2.33 o'clock in the morning.
And it won't be Xavier Suarez either.
Oh, and oh, speaking of that, we got a big concter.
I'm about to Spanish language again.
Cain Novel, man.
What an novelty.
Yeah.
What did you say?
Okay.
Further.
26 past 9 at 5.60 WQM on a great Thursday in the field.
Even had a great time on a morning show this morning.
They were talking about luscious pussy or something like that.
Some basketball player.
That's the guy's name.
There used to be a harness racing driver in New York.
His name was Marcel.
P.U.S.C. Y. Just like this kid spells his name.
Pussy.
I'm telling you, that's what the guy's name was.
Okay.
Marcel or something like that.
Something like that.
Something like that.
That's what they were talking about this morning.
Geldy and Mo.
Lucius Luscious.
Pussy was the guy's name.
27 past 9 at 5.60 WQM.
Well, they finally figured a way to get some people listening in there.
You know, kept my attention.
Speaking of that, if you're not sleeping well at night,
maybe your mattress has had it.
Maybe you're just sleeping on a really lumpy and bumpy one.
And a mattress too.
Call my good friends and dollar mattress.
I've been using them for several years.
I sleep like a baby when I get a chance when my dog isn't going out every five minutes.
1-800 mattress.
1-800 MATTR.
This is the number to call.
These are the best of the world.
And what a great way to shop.
Just sit right there on your ass.
Don't have to leave your house.
Don't have to spend a lot of time in gas and get ripped off.
They carry seely.
Certa Simmons, King Coral, every size and style.
You got that 30-day conference change period with no hassles at all.
Which means you got up to a month to exchange it.
And of course, if you'd sleep out of the first night one or exchange it,
no problem.
They'll take care of it for you.
Delivery on hurdle.
They deliver any tour window seven days a week when it's convenient for you.
When you want them to show up and they will, they'll be there.
Priced every day with prices that are unbeatable, instead of some phony baloney sales when you get a bait and swish.
No bait and swish with dollar mattress.
You get exactly the mattress you want.
It's in stock right now ready for immediate delivery.
So if you want to start sleeping great at night and feeling better every day,
call dollar mattress right now.
1-800 mattress.
1-800 MATTRES.
Don't forget to check them out on the web at mattress.com.
Line and local.
Here's SportsWinio 5CCCC-1-2-A-M.
Fucking idiot.
This fall, CBS launches a CSI spin-off that resurrects the careers of a couple of former NYPD blue actors
to form a hot new show that's almost unique unto itself.
Introducing NYPD CSI Blue Miami.
David Caruso plays a forensic investigator who pokes around at bodies even more dead than his movie career.
You know, you never get used to looking at dead bodies like when I had to look at Dennis Franz's bare butt.
NYPD CSI Blue Miami with Kim Delaney as his talk but vulnerable partner in crime.
Scene investigation.
Every time I look at the corpse, it reminds me when I lost my NYPD blue husband, Jimmy Smith.
Oh my god.
You pull it together honey.
This is a new show.
That's right.
In a new town.
On a new network.
With all new stars.
Well, sort of.
NYPD CSI Blue Miami Monday night sun CBS.
I'm 32-560 WQM.
Here's the facts that says the Howard David show has gotten so bad that she changed the name of it to the LeBron James show.
A couple of weeks ago, Mo got so worked up about the kid getting a Hummer.
Now he's got such a hard on for him.
He can't stop talking about him again today.
The top story.
The LeBron James show 6-9 WQA.
It says.
You know something I hate to break the news.
I don't even know who that is.
Is he a basketball player?
High school basketball player is going to go to college and then his mommy bought him that thing, which was a 50 or 70 or so.
No, he's what?
Stritch pro.
Why are you telling me that?
I don't want to just feed you home.
We don't want to do the LeBron James show that 6-9 AM.
I don't know who he is and I don't care who he is.
And I don't care how much the guy damn Hummer costs.
And I don't give a crap about any of that stuff.
Who cares?
About who?
Whatever his name is.
Lucius.
Poussé.
How about those Leafs, is this, uh, Fax?
Little story in the paper today about OJ.
Not another one.
Even though you purchased a new AC filter, I didn't purchase anything.
That's what this guy doesn't understand, okay?
That's what this man doesn't understand.
A friend, Mike, from Abel Home Inspections.
There's a nice plug there for your Mike, Abel Home Inspections.
Even though you got a new AC filter,
well not doing anything and stopping a mold and spores flying around.
You still need mold testing.
Ooh!
You know what I do have outside of my patio?
Mold?
Yeah, good guess.
Have you ever seen that?
In Florida?
Mold?
Oh!
Talk about the allergies.
I'm going to get rid of sneeze and wheeze in the fart right now
from just thinking about it.
Those little green moldy strips of crap, you know what I mean?
And you take your broom and you get rid of them and you take them out in the yard
and you shake it out and they broom too.
Is there a warmer, more humid place in the nation than here?
Oh, yeah, my apartment name's today.
How do I see?
I look in the middle of July.
Is there a colder, more humid place?
Warbur.
Not going back to Amsterdam anytime soon.
I'll take that right now.
Okay, it's just, and I want it was.
It's not what it was.
Kind of, kind of like Detroit.
Detroit used to be great too.
Not what it was.
Of course that's a long time.
Amsterdam has just turned into like a festering.
I don't want to pee on anybody's break because Joe Costello's buddies are going over there.
Tell Joe by the way that the Swiss hotel has changed its name.
I don't know what it is.
It's the Swiss hotel now, I think.
No, I'm serious.
They were brought up by some other chain.
But he'll find out.
Great Western.
No, it's not the Great Freaking Weston.
There are great Westerns over there.
He's laughing.
No, that's not what it is.
There's also a holiday in over there.
How do you like that?
There's a crown plasin.
There's all kinds of crap.
Tell him to find a youth hostel, okay?
There's a lot of hostel people over there, especially those roster drug dealers.
Oh, but anyway, it's okay.
In a few months, I'll get it.
Like Vegas.
I'm burned out on Vegas.
Who wants to go there?
Oh, we had such a great time.
Good.
I'm happy for you.
Lynn Sandwell, she's out there in Vegas right now.
Hope you're winning some money, Lynn, and quit eating so much.
But I'm burned out on it.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I understand.
I mean, it's great, but the problem is too much sameness.
Do you know what I mean?
Each casino that they build is more beautiful and more unique than the other one.
And after a while, you know, when you scrape away all the veneer of the Paris, the Paris is just phenomenal.
You go in and it's one of those places.
It's indoors, but it's like supposed to be outdoors.
You know, it's got the sky above you.
And it's spectacular.
But if you scrape that all the way, the fact is there's still a bunch of tables and the slot machines.
It's still the same thing.
It just sucks the money out of your ass.
Yeah.
I know.
They just have a big hose.
And you just put all your, you hold your wallet up in there and it just sucks it like that.
What can I find?
I'm an informational from Ron Papille.
Oh, and what was that thing we're watching yesterday about that little vacuum?
What were we watching out here?
Oh, yeah, the Rumba.
The Rumba.
It's like a little automated vacuum.
Looks like a bathroom scale, but it's a vacuum.
And for three easy payments of $1,999.
And it's a battery operated and you just crank it up and let it go.
And it like, it did the...
RoboVac.
Yeah.
Goes in and is a bag.
Chases the dog.
Goes here and goes there.
And then like if it's the furniture, like makes a little, it starts around.
Right.
It's like a little robot bank.
Well, I'll tell you, we've got some really interesting...
Here's a long, long letter of the editor from Irving.
In my mirroring, I quit it.
Way of quit wasted in my time.
Irving.
Let's see, we didn't have pretty interesting facts here from Walling and Deerfield.
Speaking of mold, by the way, I can tell the air in here.
I'm telling you right now.
The air in here, I'm serious breathing it, and now it's making me ill.
Definitely a gigantic class action lawsuit.
I'm sure everybody in this building would be delighted to find out.
No, can't you...
You can actually physically feel it.
Hear that?
Oh my god, I walked in this morning, I went like...
It was the end, and it was nothing.
And now...
Yeah, man.
Yeah, you're right.
Good, golly Miss Molly.
It's like that green mold I was talking about on my patio.
There are like strings of it all over the place.
You really got that killer mold right now.
Right.
Have you been hearing about that?
Where does it hang out in your...
Backed them.
Yeah.
One place.
I think Molly had some on his head yesterday morning when it met him out there in the hallway.
We were like passing ships at night.
He walked one way and I walked the other way.
Mold Howard.
He walked a little more...
Futsch than I, a little older as well.
Of course he's got a walk...
Walk at an angle to make sure he don't trip on that cord.
You know, the one that goes to his bag.
The following is the teaser on the back of Gervet Al's latest contribution dreaming war
to says Wally in Dear Field.
It says when Gervet Al's recent New York Times bestseller, perpetual war for perpetual peace
was published, but always described as a noble defender of the American Republic.
In dreaming war, Vidal continues this defense by confronting the Cheney Bush Junta head
on a series of devastating essays that demolished the Lines American Empire lives by.
Young veils a counter-history that traces the origins of America's current imperial ambitions
to the experience of World War II in the Truman Doctrine that gave us our national security state.
Now with the Cheney Bush Junta preparing us for a hot new war, Vidal asked whose interest
they're served by this doctrine of the preemptive attack, was Afghanistan turned to rebel to avenge
the 3,000 slaughtered on 9-11, or was Osama chosen on the aesthetic grounds to be the frightening logo
for our long-conemplated invasion and conquest of Afghanistan.
After all corporate America has long been excited by Eurasia's minimal wealth.
Hence, Sodom who stands to rep replacement of Osama's the personification of evil,
but all conjures up a vision of America in a vengeful mood where the media has decided
its familiar task of inciting public opinion, where the citizenry are reduced to spear-carrying,
and the Cheney Bush Junta is the latest most lethal and uncutstious advocate of corporate America's enemy of the month club.
PS's Wally, no wonder Vidal chooses to reside in Naples Italy, which he doesn't by the way
it's like somewhere in that area like in southern Italy but not Naples.
If you haven't read perpetual or perpetual priest-tried on precise, his new style of writing pamphlets
makes his work time extremely insightful, hard to believe that he and Al Gore are cousins.
So this Wally in dear field, how do you like that?
Grovidal. I like it.
Exactly. My kind of fact, Grovidal, genius.
Once you take on Michael Jackson, rest in there, don't forget, eight o'clock tonight we want to promote it a lot so you go out and buy his CD, not.
In fact, anybody in this audience that buys a Michael Jackson CD, write in a foot, okay.
And for each successive CD, we start aiming a little bit higher.
Right? Right up.
We can't not.
He sees but ox.
Forty-what seven people say George Rodriguez is gay, which is just an alternative just to get them to vote today,
so we can help fund our gay agenda.
He's a sick pedophile, Michael Jackson 39. He's the world's number one fruitcake 36.
He blows and so does his music 14. He's weird but I love his music 10.
And he's okay. We finally got two said, okay, he's okay.
I'm okay. You're okay. He's okay.
Oprah's okay.
Papu can and it's okay.
By the way, Papu can, gotta read this book.
Blinded by the right by David Brock.
Papu can and really is coming so far.
Not that I like Papu can but I do like that show on MSNBC.
And he's so much more reasonable and rational.
It almost makes you believe that he believes what he's saying.
And maybe he does. I don't know.
Other than he don't like you foreigners, he wants to close the border to all you foreigners,
which certainly he's got a good idea there.
You foreigners. You foreigners.
No, I was here first.
Twenty till ten at five sixty WQM, you know, size does matter for all you guys out there.
Like the first collar we had there, they got a little tiny penis and wanted to know where to put it.
And according to the Florida Department of Labor,
computer professionals have really big ones.
We're not talking about penises though. We're talking about paychecks.
That's what it's all about.
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand.
Fast train can help you achieve a brand new high-paying computer career
in just four short months. In other words, by this spring,
you can throw away that crappy old paycheck.
You can wipe your butt with it and start making some real money and get a big fat one.
Fast trains got locations all over town.
They're in Kindle, Mayan, Elpember, Pines, and they've got day-evening a weekend schedule.
So there's no excuse to stay in that dead end job working for some real schmuck.
Call fast train right now, Tull Freebie.
Be sure to tell them, you know why I'm in such a good mood.
We haven't seen Todd Wreck in weeks.
Oh man.
All right.
Call fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train.
They've got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too.
Call them or check them out on the web at fasttrain.com
because now you two can have a big fat, impressive one that'll stretch a long way.
A paycheck.
1-866 fast train.
My life and locals.
This is 420560.
You ain't way, you ain't.
Engrape is funny.
Man, do I like that?
Drop down the taxi cab.
I said drive a central park.
You look that mean.
So quesitally.
If I could tell, she was in the dock.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
No bugs speaks English anymore.
I went down to my, yeah, I met with each weather,
whether there was no sense to me.
I walked into a liquor store,
but a guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of whole gym beamies as nont the end of what doesn't mean.
The butter's too English.
I can't anymore.
Throughout the corner deli.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speaking English, Meled.
Or you can go back to the LARRA.
I came here many years ago.
Learned my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making mistakes.
No, but I speak English.
9.44.560, nobody cram.
So the reason I play that right now,
is because I love it.
It is on the front page of the Sun,
and this morning,
angry Hispanics flood Dame Edna with email over comic remarks.
I did it.
They're whipped up and foaming it to mouth.
Thanks for the plug,
but I'm more concerned about your health, says this chronic mic.
On his face.
I don't want you to get sick and stick me with George as he says.
He hates you.
He hates you.
Disgusting.
The worst mold is Starchy Botrists.
See description page.
Oh, I see.
Starchy Botrists.
It's actually st...
St-H-Y-B-O-T-R-Y-S.
Don't that spell splotter to Starchy?
Yeah.
Long time list, here since WNWS.
Mike from Avalon Home and Spations.
PS lawsuit sounds good to me.
You need the M.O. mold report.
Would be good.
Yeah, let's get a mold report here.
Then we'll file a big call up OSHA.
The occupational safety and health administration.
OSHA, look at this.
Stats of Botrists.
Or have you pronounced that?
This fungus may produce a triothesis...
...which is something.
Which is poisonous by inhalation.
The toxins are present on the fungal spores.
This is a slow growing fungus on media.
See?
I'm going to go look.
Are we in the media?
It does not compete well with other rapidly growing fungi.
The dark colored fungi grows on building material with a high cellular
scontent and low nitrogen content.
Individuals with chronic exposure to the toxin produced by this fungus.
Report a cold and flu symptom.
Sorthroats, diarrhea, headaches, fatigue, dermatitis, intermittent local hair loss, and generalized malaise.
The toxin produced by this fungus will suppress the immune system affecting the lymphoid tissue and the bone marrow.
The M.O. toxin is also reported to be a liver and kidney carcinogen.
Effects by absorption of the toxin in the human lung are known as Nomo psychosis.
The organism is rarely found in outdoor samples.
It's usually difficult to find them.
The spores are in a gelatinous mass.
Like a yellow.
Like a big slime.
See that? Right up there?
See on the bottom of that vent?
That air intake up there?
There's like a gelatinous mess.
The spores will die readily after release.
The dead spores are still adrogenic in toxin.
Hear that?
Thanks a lot, Mike.
I think we're going to get on this.
And duck promises me that he'll pay for it for the study.
He'll chip in.
Human clearance.
Let's think it's a good idea.
Even though it may not be financially expedient to the company at this time.
Quote Bob Green from W.I.O.D.
Remember Bob Green?
Yes.
Don't spend all of them on place Bob.
And what that was all about there?
Pop it up, Park that night Bob.
You insurled that dog and pony show.
What was that all about?
Remember that story I told you?
Right.
I thought they had this cock made me scheme.
Get me on XM on satellite radio, something like that.
And but it beat better boy.
And that's the end of that.
I never heard another word about it.
Now I never heard one more word about it.
Wouldn't that be great?
Having me on satellite radio in people all over the country.
Uncensored by the way.
Not the call.
Not the call.
Got in calls people asking, hey I'm thinking about getting XM.
Yeah I'm going to get Neal on XM on satellite radio.
He got that on there and then they go, oh.
Uncensored, right, uncensored that would be spectacular.
No more just having it like watch.
Yeah every other word we say because we have the word police out there.
Here we're getting ready to go to war, kill thousands, maybe millions of people.
North Korea is running around moving their plutonium over here
and get ready to crank up their bomb making
uh... uh... aparasta
and were worried about the somebody says crap on here
dot you think that or in this poor guy in california that railroad
convicted for growing their wallet from a decimal purposes in accordance with
local and state law there but your d e a
uh... i'm serious what is wrong with you people what is it take
to get the people angry and pissed off and fired up
and it would be on that
huh you make light of it think of all the people that have been killed by
profanity
right that's right
assholes
five to eighty five years this guy can go to jail
right that you're he says while we didn't know us from an isle purposes
because the judge wouldn't let it present that evidence in the
et cetera so on in their case
and we want to have another trial because we feel really bad
we feel almost as bad as i'm telling you who's laying their dine on our
passions
oh by the way what's your name is still alive missus wallis
you can't get rid of that pitch
and missy
she she's great
you gotta see that you're on tone you're missing out on life
sorry
passions is great
i take a word for it if it was just for what's your name
what's your name
rice pilar
and we his spanish flood day medna with email over com or remarked to show you
once again how everybody's got a very politically correct
i mean day medna average is just a silly a very hungry british committee
one of the silly british drag people
which that's all they know is drag
even money python whom we love a lot how anybody could care about anything
that comes out of that now
well exactly
or goes into it
when the february issue of antideferate
hit the news stand this month it wasn't a sexy photograph of some a high
act posing on the beach that created a buzz
instead the magazine's mexican cover girl was overshadowed by a frumpy
australian comics musings on the value of spanish is a second language
all whipped up
in which centers on a fictional advice column is generating a wave of angry
emails and protest letters calling for a boycott of the condinous publication
and the articles author
and it has many latino groups asking themselves while i got a danger field
they can't get any respect
let's see
the upper began with the medna average a character created by Australian comic
very humphries
answer to fiction letter from a palm of each leader potter in which second language
to learn
forget spanish there's nothing in that language worth reading septum key
holding a quick listen to the city of man of lamontra will take her that
there was a potent named garcia lurka but i'd leave him on the intellectual
background or far were you as for everyone speaking at what twaddle
who speaks it that you really desperate to talk to that help your leaf
floor study french your german weather at least a few books worth reading or
for american try english wrote humphries
right harmless
sure amusing okay
i get it yeah
while the controversy may seem silly to some who like it into the talk about
charo incident right
right many latino groups say they don't lack a sense of humor just patience
with the way their portrait and mainstream america
lock up a ratchet and like that their tired of that
uptight beeners right
the fictional missive dismissive tone of all things his panic is generating
thousands of emails from angry latinos in my amy new jork chicago and los angeles
is this the worst thing ever happened to latinos or has been said about the
notes at least in every day spokesman for the national council of laraza
one of the national groups leading the protest the problem is the way it
depict spanish and entire culture
if i didn't even always read about latino literature authors and jabbit
spanish wouldn't get such a huge reaction
she said
much of the responses the work of when the maldenato a new york management
consultant sent out the email last week asking just a few friends to sign
her protest letter
maldenato received a flood of responses
i've gotten emails from the jersey to argentina china and why i'm not getting
stuff every two seconds she said
she also said
and it's a good idea to join the email protest and rage by the end of the
marx about blue collar workers and vanity fairs seeming hypocrisy
in fact the blue collar workers that'll be upset about passions because pilar
was the house made for the uh... right see their stereotypes see
i know a lot of leaf blower's right doctors in their countries they have a
lot more for all things to say road uh... what are the said they're putting
some a high-tech on the cover tried to appeal to latinos and bilingual readers
but in the magazine they put down the latino community
obviously they might miss quip simply wasn't funny on any level
it fails at humor said lalo lopes
and actually syndicated cartoonist recently appeared on a radio show with the
editor of both and he for articles it just seems like another stupid thing
that gets put out there i'm almost immune to it because people are always telling
me go home to mexico
you speak faster
oddly lopas said the column is managing to do it many groups and politicians have
failed to do unite a diverse latino community that's emerging is the largest
minority group in the u.s.
the coolest part about this is how a port of weekend friend in the u.k.a.d.
this was a slur incentive to meet you canoes angeles
this is a pan latino thing lopes said
bandity fair representatives issue to written statements and maybe great that
certain remarks that are favor issue by the entertainer not the very humpfries
in the guise of his fictional character they may have cost offense to our readers
and others the magazine and how are the humpfries is an equal opportunity
distributed insults just like somebody else we know
humpfries representatives did not return to south low to sunsendals calls
requesting comment for obvious reasons
it would waste their time exactly
wasteful bunch of crap but there it is on the front page of the sunsendal
we're gonna whip up bunch of latino that kind of unusual that yeah
all whipped up into a frenzy
that's another petition about nothing
here's a fact from our chronic this david man jef high's former neighbor
i'm not sure he is a crazy person
bugs the crap bottom
your favorite informers will build a list for tomorrow that's not our poll today
though poll today
what you take on michael jackson don't forget eight o'clock tonight twenty twenty
as michael talks about like sleeping with little boys
and what's that he's about nothing sexual about it's just he like sleeping with
a little boy what should do it maybe update there's what he may be
ten eleven seven
and about the hangin the kid over the balcony and so
and i also said there was something about him feeding trying to feed his kid
and what i grow test pathetic thing they want to take those kids away from
me and obviously right because all the not his kids number one right and
number two got away knows what he's got in mind for
there's already doing
two hundred and two votes what's your take on michael jackson
during the rariga's his gay sixty two
in other words you're in a class by yourself always will be michael jackson
he's a sick pedophile fifty six he's the world's number one fruitcake fifty
he blows and so does his music twenty two
he's weird but i love his music ten and he's okay
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh okay
two appear five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
eight to one ask you one other thing too and it's nine o'clock hour how come
we're so newsy lately
got to do something for the hour now i'm not talking about this arm just
talking about in general on a program how come we're so newsy all these
interesting things to something to think about well i don't know
i really don't know or shuttle michael
yeah michael's not newsy
michael's you know it's kind of stuff that we see thrive on
wqa m
i'm good morning sir
i was
i was a winner on the morning show yeah
and i was supposed to call back that i ever did
yeah well why not
i don't know what did you get my phone number what did you win
uh... what they said i'd one i was second place in the uh...
competition with picking uh... you know
in the in the in the mohaward hairpiece contest
in the morning the name
you know talking about the company identify the that animal contest
it was the contest where
he was how do you know who he means i heard that i was monitoring this morning
who can know what's the name did you call him
i was a arena fulcayo
yeah
arena fulcayo
uh...
uh...
cc again fast the second time thinking that that'll get it that would do it
right didn't do it
didn't do it
yeah there was some pretty interesting stuff on the smart one
it was sure better than the lebron james whatever the guys name
and what we got to do about that humvee and his mother spent all his money in
he got it
i just and and then i heard moe yesterday saying he made a couple of calls to
like his uh...
cousin is a card dealer and how much is it really cost in a
i mean
i just don't get it i have only one question about that
don't you
no i just put it out of my head
makes me wonder
like the british wonder makes me wonder
it's a wonder
course when you're here in soft lota you'd have a lot of spare time on your hands
make no mistake about that no matter what you do with your young old in
between
and mostly old a lot of spare time on your hands in between now there was that
car wreck on the weekend all-star weekend
with some ninety-year-old man
who uh... seriously injured
there were couple of guys couple of players that got injured in that too
hockey players
and for some reason i just noticed a little follow-up on the paper this morning
and i guess everybody's gonna be okay but that was just another one another
soft-floored incident
another nine-year-old guy losing control driving his car into people up on a
career both through you know through buildings stuff like that
probably got a renewal for a hundred years in the mail with that car can't
to shame in these people they just can't see through buildings they drive
through buildings
down here
nine fifty seven and five sixty w.w.m. i'll tell you a place that'll drive you
wild with great food a sea of delicious food
and that's the animal coach chinese buffet
Richard is from Toronto big maple leaves fan i scored Richard
picked their ass last night here Richard we did it
anyway three locations for the animal coach we can go in and really pick out
during sunrise
north mommy beach in a new location in pember pine
start to month-watering eating experience with six different soups
and then of course dozens and dozens of circle on phrase of all kind
oriental surf and turf on a weekend
New York strip stig made a word of the gourmet center a sizzling
Asian grill
with teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood
even hand-carved prime rib
the animal coach promotes healthy living to no crap no MSG no cornstarch
and these only cholesterol free oils and all their cooking
the buffet at the animal coach features a full sound bar
there's a new sushi bar fresh from cocktail to
and don't forget for all your lobster lovers out there
lobster fest is back at animal coach featuring lobster thermators and lobster
bisc
and please bring a big healthy appetite which i'm sure i've seen a lot of you
folks i'm sure you will because you've got a save room for dessert there's a
tremendous dessert bar featuring pies cakes pastries ice cream and all your
favorite toppings even fresh food one-way to end a real pick out you'll find
them in sunrise on the corner pine island of 44th street
Collins Avenue just north of on the 63rd north mommy beach and at the
intersection of flamingo and pember roads in pember pines they accept
reservations take out delivery available as well call nine five four five seven
two thirty eight twenty two five seven four three five seven two thirty eight
twenty two they get that right what one more time nine five four five seven two
thirty twenty two that's what i said you'll find a lot of other Chinese
buffets but believe me there's only one like this the animal coach Chinese
buffets my life and look all this is for trade-off i
city
way
because i'm a star
and loving is a best for copying fields
as long as grass is on the plate can feel you
if i can see it
and i can do it
if i just believe it
and there my jaw hair i'm a big petafry
i believe i can touch my thigh you can see it on video tape
don't give a more than try to rage if her parents one more
you see me learning through that open door
i'm a big petafry
i'm a big petafry
i'm a big petafry
all right 10 out of 20 five sixty double two and we got the mad dog coming up
on a clock
cancass if the world care of me and Caribbean now how is that uh what is it
we don't know is it a cruise ship
is it animal is it a um golf tournament is it bigger than a bread box i
i don't know what that is see the problem is with our program director who's
making up our schedules he's doing a wonderful job in there and i said that
because monday is payday clearance but um they put stuff on here and i
i guess since we're not part of the sports fraternity we're supposed to
know what that is or we're not part of the gambling fraternity even though i
do love going to pomp and opark and plunging my guts on i don't know what that is
maybe we're on a need to know basis no seriously is that a golf tournament is
a cruise ship is it a uh... resort is supposed to read it and don't ask
questions i want i want to know golf tournament
said who
Miguel is it it's a golf tournament i was only saying that jokingly uh-huh we're
doing shows from a golf tournament again oh jeez oh my god wow
hobo jay's there oh i probably will be one of those are
three degrees he'll be batting some around the royal Caribbean golf
tournament i figured as much because we wouldn't be doing a show from a
cruise ship wouldn't we would hang on it nothing might start listing a little bit
huh come on lose a couple of ounces hopper one and want to keep you around a
little bit since i made that comment about him uh-going a little way to have
of course he hasn't been around but i've seen today did you how's he doing
normal fat yeah no he really has he's like uh-and that's because i haven't
been here which i'm very remissioned that uh-if i bitch him out on here he'll
lose an answer to really it always works that's my role in life i can't
lose anyway myself but at least i'm trying to help other fat people stay alive
now fat boys case we quite frankly don't care anymore we've given out it's a
lost call order's healthy beast were helping tremendously on balance for
life he's doing a nice job around 50 pounds probably more by the time it comes
in tomorrow isn't tomorrow way in day for the beast oh no then we got let's see
after Hank what do we go that's right another hockey game tonight for this one
in Pittsburgh seven o'clock year shico panther preview seven thirty to
panthers in Pittsburgh and the uh igloo to play the uh penguins with
eddie k after the hockey game from g.a. and joan mark overnight this is an
amazing story that somebody just faxed to me police chiefs gun goes off
again second investigation in a year underway a perfectly miserable start to
the two thousand three year got even worse for cruel gables police chief jim
skinner one's day afternoon when he accidentally discharged his 40 caliber
glock while at police headquarters the second such incident for the chief
in less than seven months according to police sources skinner accidentally
fired his gun at about two p.m. February five his exact which is yesterday his
exact location was not given by police spokesperson but several city sources
confirm the incident took place in one of the police headquarters
bathroom maybe he was shooting a runaway turd or something huh you
turn nobody was injured during the incident police spokesman sergeant Raoul
pedroso confirmed that the department's criminal investigation unit and
internal affairs office began an investigation in the incident
pedroso said that florida statute one twelve prohibits the
sharing of detailed information on ongoing investigations yada yada yada
the shooting incident comes about twenty seven weeks after skinner accidentally fired his gun
in the locker room of a kindle gymnasium gym in that case jitter
skinner is said to have finished a physical therapy session and was in a locker room when he
went to put his gun back into his holster and fired it twice
the police department conducted an investigation on that incident as well but it's not
released the information to the public skinner city wouldn't be able to come
in until the investigation was concluded city manager david brown and said that
skinner called immediately after the incident but wait till more information is known by
baba the accidental shooting would not come at a worse time for the in battle chief
as the year started with a collective thud he's already suffered through a not no confidence
vote from the majority of union police officers expressed and his the department's already seen
a robbery slash murder and several armed robberies in the young year all this coming after an
overwhelmingly negative survey and his abilities and job performance conducted by the police union
late last year problems and a gables maybe it's got a picture on his story i wish you could see it
you only casually have teeth skinners inadvertent gunshot with a toilet bowl
and there's a picture of the bowl you should like part of the seat is like
shot right off the shot in the bowl man shot a right knee-old
hope the tiny bowl man wasn't like peeking out at the time you know it
like a turtle hope he wasn't poking his head out
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
and for wise and worthless line so a humper is doing his show at a golf tournament again
and they wonder why they get numbers on his stationery like going in the toilet if the sheriff will
pardon me for saying that or the police chief or whatever the hell the guy is i sorry we said that
that the numbers are going in the toilet and he can't shoot him because they're too small
when anything's that small you can not seriously golf tournaments don't these people get it
no is that a sport you don't get it is that a sport you don't get where we're at
out of sport it's a silly game and i don't care if there's a golf channel if we've got a lot of
people a lot of lifeless but it doesn't have to be interesting by the way that most of the people
who play golf are the same people who are the sport holes right right play golf they watch golf
they're in the golf you're right well why is that that's not like a real sport that's not like
for real men or even real women like sitting watching a beautiful lady golfers are like real women
oh real all right that's right and if you don't let them in there in Atlanta they're going to
huff and puff and knock you door down how do you like that that's right and they got the ability
Janet Reiner's got a load up that diesel truck truckers the ones she borrowed from man right
and just take a whole truck load up there to Augusta and they're going to stand out there like
I said they're going to huff and puff and blow that door down until you let them in come a
hell or high water all you Yahoo's up there all you sexist pigs all you anti lesbian golfing idiots you
blue noses drunks schmuzers that's golf for you baby I know because I know a lot of people
play golf and each and every one of them has no life desperate lifeless board people
looking to kill some time go out there and as an excuse to schmuz with people
why not just have a club you know just just a big place where people are going to hang out
that's what it is but they go out there and they and of course it's such great exercise because we're
all that walking you know just an excuse all that's sauntering around from whole to whole
yeah I mean it's kind of like what you do I guess at the swing club
you know
here's Kendall hello that was good uncle nil yes sir I was going to talk you about the cross over
I've been listening to you for years I never crossed rasser cross over yeah I'm not a sport
hole at all good thank god for that I've been and can join listening to mandatio you guys just
the sport hole he's enough yeah it's been it's been real funny I say that moan he's to pick up
on it I mean his show really stinks I wish that you guys do a crossover in the morning because I
wish that moan I would do a crossover in the morning well I mean like as good as your show
it used to be with management hangs and on and I would listen to those sports show that I
who wouldn't ordnarily I got over to something in the morning but I also want to tell you that
that drop of most you at home is really funny does that do it for you don't you like don't you
like a little twitch every time you hear that I do you see your friend in fangirls ought to love it
that guy defeated he was really good at uh... new times like the email I really like not anymore the
herald cut is not so I mean that's like the that's like a pointing kissinger or something like that
herald is the clad him at all it's it's a real disappointment and i want to ask what is this
patriot act i'm here you talk about with the means you can't call this show anymore
what the pay for that means you have to be a patriot fan all the dolphins are going to jail
the u.s.a. patriotic means you've lost your freedom sir that's what it means you've lost all
your freedoms no more first amendment no more any any moment except the fourth amendment and the
second amendment whatever other ones they like they don't like the first amendment at all they
don't like freedom of a peach they don't like separation in person state things like that
there's little minor things like that it's going to skip ahead to the second one and go from there
ten minutes after ten at five sixty w.w.a.m i'll tell you i'm just all disorganized here
i have no idea why i'm in the wrong hour on my log i'm just uh... i must be that last guy he
was a good guy but he's kind of boring to be honest with him he was a good guy he's a good guy
very good boring hey if you guys out there are like moe since he just mentioned in my looking for
your hair it might be in the toilet it might be on the floor it might be next to moe i don't know
where the hell it is the moe you looked unless you can find it if you want to get a great looking at
air call my buddy Charles al-Firi he's the man he's the hair specialist for over 25 years working
with a famous and infamous and deadbeats and everybody in between Charlie's been helping guys
with their best with his incredible natural hairline system there are so many people as
pedaling all kinds of things now mousy looking hair pieces they sell that propitia and really
push you off too when you find out that it's dangerous number one and number two you won't grow
a single follicle with it so get Charlie's natural hairline system it looks like the hairs really
grown out of your scalp he can make you look younger and better than you have in a coons age
call him at their tool free number mentioning a ranger tourney to call you get that special
two hundred dollar discount just for mentioning my name so butchup and tell him that he'll tourney
to call one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen one eight hundred three two
one twenty four thirteen or check them out of the world wide wicked web if you like
Charles al-Firi dot com get your hair back this year from Charles al-Firi in four lotter days
my back look all this is five six years the radius of yours
you and
you
next dead babies
thank you for calling this is Titoian I'm an amp you
I just picked up my 92 accord from your life and that is on huge turt in the back seat
a huge turt yes and there's what there's one in back seat
a turt a big ass human turt in the back seat of my car
ma'am I assure you our guys did not take it dump in your car if you want to bring that car back
and we'll take a look at it you oh you want to take a look at it my car is fine it's that big
ass turt in the back seat okay what would you like me to do okay how about I'm going to your
house and pick the loaf on your couch how about that man what would you like me to do to fix
the situation I want somebody to come over here get this turt out my back seat that's not going
to happen you can bring the car here when you take a look at it
I am I'm gonna bring it back there you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna take the dump in every
last car you got there I'm gonna pee on your counter I'm gonna do it all okay you how it feels
okay you know what you feel I'm a big girl and man it probably came out your ass oh yeah I
I don't make it happen to go on I'm digging dump in the car you wait uh about 400 pounds
that's your turt that's right there yeah that came up from a 400 pound man that is a 400 pound
man either that overrulla okay I'm driving this car right to my lawyers office and I'm gonna let
the whole world see you're gonna be on the news this evening buddy I'm gonna get seven oh my
side watch you gonna be on the news can you describe the the the Jesus I mean what's it looks like
you know what it is it came out your ass what I tell you what kind of ass we were color I say what
it smells undone it that's what it smells like so smells like you sold your ass to the devil
I don't know how long is it this is not as long as my arm
I don't think it's right why y'all this is not fun I got them too fast for and my back feet
you know I think this I think this is a ratio to two that's what that little kid is running
away from it oh my god I'm gonna go find this funny okay you're probably gonna see
a wheel too that's it how long does it look like it's been sitting there the steam is coming
off of it okay
hey see him is coming off of it yes
okay what you need to do is you need to bring that shirt back and we'll match it up we have a
lineup we'll match it up with the uh with the other turns that we have well what you need to do
and learn how to use a toilet we say you're not gonna bring the shirt back to me no you know what
is this the sample no I'm starting to like it gonna keep it as a fact we'll keep it
because it's a nice look you know what is a nice conversation piece okay cool okay
it's a nice piece 10 17 at 560 wqa and 560 560 pound 560 only 18 t and 4 rise in line so that's
not only just a golf tournament the real care being but see seniors tournament you have to be
kidding me you have got to be joking me the seniors golf tournament where the people are like a
hundred plus who are playing which means the people will be listening about it are like a hundred
plus as well come on what are you gonna hop up or get with it I'm not I'm not I hopped off that
band right in a long time ago fact I got right to the edge of it never I ran away from it
I switched away from it have you ever actually played a game of golf yes very long time ago
many many many years ago twice played it twice and I said what are we dickless waste of time this
is all the waiting sure is fine why would anybody want to do this what what what is the purpose what's
the traction walking and waiting walking and waiting yeah I mean but anyway so we're gonna have
that on there hangs gonna be there the Royal Caribbean because obviously we're making some bucks
from it on the station that's all we care about we don't care if anybody else is interested in
out there we got some kind of a deal worked up and we're making some cash so it's the Royal Caribbean
for a hundred plus year old players I bet you already Palmer is gonna be there or he's he
not playing it all anymore you wouldn't know about that I think that's a jack necklace he'll be
there because he attended jack Nicholas the golden elephant the golden elephant this man he
lives it he breeds it he's in fact the rumor has it up there in Palm Beach County that when he
does a dump it golf balls come up that's what I've heard I heard he has had had his surgically
balls yes honey ag Michigan a man was speaking of that what a great cuck a tie in cut in a man with
no medical license will stand trial after allegedly cast rating a man on his kitchen table last
year what a great cut in shuoshan Wang twenty no it just keeps getting better and expected to be
sentenced no more than six months in jail to day after pleading golden practicing medicine
on the license and dispensing prescription medication but Oakland County Circuit Judge Fred
Mester said he was uncomfortable with a plea agreement and indicated to might impose a harsher
sentence at that point Wang's attorney asked for a jury trial they were P bar plea bargaining
Wang is an engineer from Taiwan who's in the west on a student visa he was arrested after
police found apparently willing subject in bloody trousers sitting outside sitting outside Wang's
oak park home prosecutor said the man wanted the castration because he had a sexually transmitted
disease Wang told police he learned the skill from his grandparents he performed his first
surgery on a dog and then on the dogs owner and three of the owners friends in australia prosecutors said
how do you like that practice makes perfect baby five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on a AT&T and Verizon line here's Daniel Beach hello Dr. Neil yes sir how you doing sir okay
thought he left tonight it's a hockey game you looking great yeah and uh boys
that those chances will cost him huh hmm let me tell you something Peter Warrell is this IQ
about what about five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon
wireless line as it continues more of the same on and on over and over week here's Miami hello
oh Miami hello yes sir how are you Neil okay listen i want to tell you the the people in uh in
Miami uh with this war going on and everything they're whipping up people into a frenzy with a video
coming out about Fidel Castro's brother how about that doing what uh the other the bad side of
brother either whipping up because he's powered because he's what our ask if it's hell yeah i don't know
how to do it okay i think they're attacking your phone right now get into one pal with none
listed number five six seven oh five sixty man these calls sure they're like the corn and deliverance
they sure are special man and why do you have a question mark we know that call must be from
Cleveland hello feel yes sir are you in Cleveland and Cleveland I listening on the internet every day
yes sir great show uh my problem is that uh you play for 10 minutes then you're off for three
minutes that it comes on for 10 minutes then it goes off for three minutes and it's only your show
not mad dog or anybody else's like i was going to ask your producer who ever answers all
you know i think you don't hear as the commercial yeah i mean if you're in Cleveland why would you
want to hear the commercials anyway oh is that what that is yeah no i hear the commercials do they
under that the car deal and all that stuff i hear the commercials yeah but it's all it goes on
for 10 minutes then it's off i just wanted it any particular just just take the 10 minutes you get
and count your blessings it's all i can tell you i guess that's a happy day and you too well i'm
sure sorry i put him on hold without talking yeah you should uh get with it five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the 18t and for ryan's and marla's line i don't see anybody in this
audience of course we got a lot of hula yos out there in this community i don't see anybody
whipped up into a frenzy about Dame Edna's comments about her cutesy comments about forget spanish
yoddy yoddy yoddy nothing worth of wireless gift on kio i mean uh wow everybody is uptight and
out of sight everybody's got to be politically correct and everybody's worried about stepping on
this one's toes net one's toes and the main time we're ready to blow the world up i'm so delighted
that america's got its priorities straightened out here's my mmy hello
my mmy lake salon hey mio yes sir i heard you talking about answering this morning uh what's the deal
with that what's the deal with what why you don't you want to go back now or uh it just turned
off by it another one what did i just what did i say when you were listening uh that you you
were just turned off by it for a little while but the reason i'm asking you about that is uh do you
believe we are going to war the u.s course okay uh another question and now that i'm that the
summer's coming up and i'm gonna have my vacation or sticking to going to the u.k. do you think just
out of your opinion do you think it would be safe to travel if there is a war in the u.k. no
no you wouldn't think so huh no of course i better to stay in the continental u.s i guess well i mean
like maybe uh in june even new york can be safe i mean like you know i don't know seriously if
you're gonna worry about where to be geographically to be safe i think any small town you
pick the buke i will be okay um uh the further you make a city that if salani michigan might be okay
um uh i can think of a zidian places lonely but i certainly if i was going to be traveling abroad i
would be going into a country like england assuming we are at war at that time oh really
when into there that's got this enormous Muslim population and that's uh obviously very strong
on our side on a war all right all right just uh just let it value your opinion thank you
what's really might be okay thank you good luck to you five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line and tourism around the world by the way is very very
way down way down because people number one of course are oh air candidates in big financial
trouble to a bomb that out this morning they got real tourists as well they're hanging on
i mean the point is gonna be pretty soon you don't have to worry about what you can go to hear
or there because there won't be anybody to fly there anyway between american airlines is fighting
bankrupt scene united and all these others now air canada what else gonna be left
got the right brothers number in there stage coach five six seven oh five sixty oh and you'll be
excited to know that they're having another memorial i see i don't want to make light of anything
it was a tragedy mike may or stole our thunder in his calm this morning the sunsendle
says everything they're like he always does he steals my awards verbatim puts him into a column
about how this is tragic but it's been overblown by the media and life has to go on
air he does this all the time never mentions my name or thanks me for the idea or makes any reference
to the fact that i said it just sits out there like he's doing right now listen to the show and then
makes a column out of it like he's got an original idea which of course he does not but anyway the
Washington national cathedral right now they have any memorial for the astronauts again another one
i mean when does it stop it's Thursday already this happened last Saturday
when when does it stop when the war starts when are we supposed to feel better when we're
supposed to be less morose or is that headline again nation in uh... pain when we said when
does the pain start going away i would say about one o'clock five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the eight t and t line here's bokeh hello pain yes sir amazing your ratings are amazing
considering i have to shut off your station five or six times during your show just because i can't
get the station like i'll go on power line road i have to shut it off like go to my bathroom i have
the static is so bad we want you listening in your bathroom i like to take a hot hot bath
sometimes yeah and but i i mean your rating should be if you if you had a good signal i would pump
them up and out of this show was on fm we'd have a ninety five share i'll guarantee you that right now
if we're if we're like in the middle of the dial they're like on nine forty which are just
wasting that signal if we were on there we'd have at least a fifteen share guaranteed and i don't
understand how come the signal can't be better if we could speak to people that are in space
why can't we get your show on panel on road because it would cost them money to do something about
that like who's up the power and they're cheap they're much of cheap bastards that would be the
best thing i could get that station allow people to actually hear the show all the time that would be
good i agree with you yeah but right in my eyes see right in my nasty letter yeah it's a struggle
to listen to you but it's worth it thanks a lot okay maybe if we just talk louder how's that huh oh
i like that let's crank it up a little bit crank up the guy back there and engineering you idiots
crack it up tell you doing an area idiot George did it and wonder you're winning a poll all and by
the way you're in second place oh damn it what's your take on michael jackson is our poll on the
orange who's dot com we got three hundred eleven votes he's a sick pedophile ninety two George
Rodriguez's gaze got eighty five votes which may seem like it has nothing to do with this which it
doesn't but you know i'm gonna go over and free it he enjoys having it yeah and maybe it's being
he's the world's number one fruit cake eighty three and of course that could be the michael jackson
or George he blows and sodas's music thirty six he's weird but i love his music twelve and michael
jackson is okay okay three they'll be watching night at eight o'clock on ebc on twenty twenty hey let
me tell you right now about the lights of west bokeh a megastore for the atkins died or any low
carbon sugar free died it's a place you're gonna be loving the shop we're talking about it for a
long time on a show now good reason you want to join the thousands of people who traveled there
because unlike the supermarket where they just have like a couple of things for the atkins besides
your regular meat and cheese and cheese and meat and lobster etc over six hundred delicious
low-carb food products and this week be sure and sample the new low-carb tortilla chips in original
or pico gallop flavor by carb sense and they're great tasting new carb were shedda by walled in
farm you'll be in snack heaven so whether it's carbolite ice cream breads tips muffin's tea's
case pasta and sauces the lights of west bokeh is a store that's entirely dedicated to you
and all your dietary needs their staff knows their craft they're open every day seven days
weeks into ten and at the lights they carry the most complete line of acting brand products you'll
find anywhere and even better news is there always 25% off all day every day and everybody out there
who's trying the atkins of the other low-carb diets believe you me this is the number one store in
the world for you the number one sugar free store in the university lights of west bokeh on the
northeast corner of glades and four forty one extra Boston market or column tool free at one eight seven
seven low carb or on the web you'll find them at low carb.com if you're real lucky when you go into
the lights maybe PD Lane won't be there
got two sets of lists
who knows what he's got hidden in his mustache small box and a thrash he's got a few cans
and that uranium he bought from friends he made a factory it's just a tan let's give him
a look like it so he can see back that it's an American bomb it's an American bomb
we'll chop him off to the dump till he comes for his mom it's an American bomb
it's an American bomb to keep your oil on warm
we've seen it once before but now you need some more of these American bombs
it's an American bomb it's an American bomb
it's an American bomb
temporary three five sixty w the qu m drag read is in the studio with a bad haircut as usual
can't you afford to get him actually done look too bad for you a little bit better not great
but not too bad here's the facts from a john and my Amy who says I think our boy Jimmy may have
a right of solution that is much too simple for shrub and company and it's an alternative to war
by Jimmy Carter am I going to read this on here I don't think so because Jimmy quite frankly I don't
think has an awful lot of credibility the thing he does lately is he makes statements that on the
face of it seem to make a lot of sense but his foreign policy expertise if I use the expression
loosely seems to be somewhat lacking how those hostages do it in Iran by the way George
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
here's my Amy hello hello me yes sir sounds like you me oh god me oh first of all you
got to answer emails we don't do email on a show why is that because it's a lot of trouble
because because if we did email we'd have 80,000 emails every day in about 75,900 would be crap
yes okay second question well why do you want to know that no I just figured because I
I listen to you at home sometimes I figured out every email but that would be a full-time job
for somebody yeah dealing with that two is a book of rank going to come out with a second
moment possible okay third do you think that what's been going on now with all the
situations and the least not is that do you do Clinton's neglect on a foreign affairs or what do
you every if you have a hemorrhoid if you pop a hemorrhoid it'll be Clinton's fault okay believe me
no mistake about it his neglect five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T
and Verizon wireless line make no mistake about it my politically astute friend see there's really no
point in talking on this show about Colin Powell about the war in Iraq by any of those things the
guy who said why are you so nosy he's right because just like yesterday in the midst of all of those
other right we like that one calling particular I mean talk about venom we had to we had to bring
the disinfectant in here for like a half an hour after that guy called this is what you're dealing
with today the people on the right are out of control they've gotten ballistic they're nuts
they were always a little you know a little bit like that but now they're just they're nuts
and the rest of the public you couldn't get a comment you couldn't squeeze a commentary out of
them for lover money for anything so well what's the use what's the point then I could see
here and read all these bedtime stories and pontificate and I'm making all these great points
and Molly Ivan says this and Mary McGorri says that and and and what so we put the stuff on our
website for anybody that really cares it's on a rivet some good bedtime stories but other than that
what what's the poem we're not going to change anything here first rating his health finding and
that's that's what they're taking advantage of because trying to find anybody in America today who
and look at the democratic party yesterday what a bunch of whims what a bunch of whims I've
told you both parties suck and I'm right there's a decoy party that must be it
Colin Powell gets up there puts on that dog and pony show and here look at these tubes and then
we got to record about me but about you know which anybody called that together right and Ted
Kennedy rolls over and plays dead and the Diane Feinstein and Joe Biden yeah you know he made the
case he did a close the today and that's it that's it of course the Russians don't think so in
a French where we know about them in a Chinese and like the Germans and everybody else the
overrun majority they still you know keep the in the cartoons didn't convince them now the cartoons
and those neat nifty colored drawings didn't do it either 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T
and Verizon line here's Miami hello hello yes sir how are you Neil okay Neil did you hear Jeff
even tour is getting a new show on an MF-10b thing yes sir what do you think I was going to do I don't
think you're gonna do anything I don't need it I'm gonna shake things up but I really doubt it yeah
another thing I think George is great I think he's better as your sidekick though and I think
the better on his side yeah I think the best one of the my favorite shows you ever had was the one
about the spook names I don't know if you remember it's very long ago yeah the first show I think
it's great and another thing one bit you played there a couple of times about the Michael Jackson
screaming it's a little scream I think it's one second Michael Jackson screaming get it right man
all right Neil I read it ergy why I still a way to go oh don't do that don't be talking that kind
of lingo 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's Lake Worth hello
hey Neil yes sir hey Donald Lakeworth how you doing okay congratulations on your victory last
uh with the leaves yeah I read uh I walked over I read the Palm Beach Post they said it was a
sports crowd what would you put the seven or eight thousand max max all right well at least you
got a victory hey um this whole Michael Jackson thing you know one thing that really bothered me
is the little kid that he dangled over the edge of the balcony she's adopted which means that in
order to adopt the child I believe you have to go before a judge you have to prove to be a
fit parent yeah so where he doesn't well I I know that obviously he has high-priced lawyers and
everything but the fact that he paid paid off the penance of that little boy that he molested
all the other allegations some judge out there actually gave this scumbag permission to adopt
another child right and I find that really unsettling right there that the judge did not know about
the judge that let oh Jay have custody of his kids yeah I know I know hey one last thing do you
do you have t-vo yet I have whatever the equivalent that is on direct TV what is it called
ultra vision ultra vision okay because I I just got a t-vo and you had mentioned before that you
know you were tired of all the crap on TV and I got my t-vo this week and I'm telling you man
that it's just a whole new way to watch TV every what I want for live hockey games you can you
can pause them get up go take a dump come back continue to play I watch what I want to watch and
you can say things you can edit things and I'll tell you what man it's that I know that TV is only
about five bucks a month I pay twelve but it's a completely different way to watch television yeah
it's great all right okay I love you I love you Neil bye bye five six seven oh five sixty
pound five six the on a AT&T of Verizon Wireless like you know it's really interesting I want you
to stop and think about this just stop and think about this you know when I see Greg Reen
yeah the butt I smell it did you see all readings for the last book yeah I know
what that is yeah could possibly be us watch your back before you won't wait for no no no no no no no
I got enough I got to think about on top I didn't rate and then I don't need a rating that's a minus eight
don't care what you do look at the thunder stood you gotta wait a little harder on the guest you
mom a roasted guts the gold there's a lot of fat producers you know that's right
oh no no no no no not what you prehyun oh of
great all that love I don't know this thing you can eat from a trough while using both
and
You have big, bad, much, you made a rating small.
You just like clinging it all your fault.
And a straight dip, bad ass out.
Well, a thing to fool out of your mouth.
That's right, punch your back, back.
That's what you want, wait for more.
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
That's what you want, wait for more.
That's what you want, wait for more.
Listen what we say.
Make a bad, back.
For you want, wait for more.
No more, no more, no more.
That's what you want, wait for more.
No more, no more.
Yes, lucky you got it.
Happy.
And I want one time in your house.
I got it in your house.
1045, 560 WQM.
And by the way, I forgot to tell you.
Great 8Q.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
San Francisco man's astounding photo.
Mysterious purple streak is shown hitting Columbia 7 minutes
before it disintegrated.
Now you don't think that they're trying to revert a lawsuit
by now saying that all that stuff about the...
No, they wouldn't do that.
Oh, meteor...
Top investigators in the Columbia Space Shuttle disaster
analyzing a startling photograph
stat by an amateur astronomer from a San Francisco hillside
that appears to show a purplish electrical bolt
striking the craft as a trick to cross the California sky.
The digital image is one of five stat
by the shuttle Buffett Roughly 553 AM Centering.
As sensors on the doomed orbit of regaining
and showing the first indications of trouble,
seven minutes later, the craft broke up and flames over Texas.
The photographer requested, as name not be used in City,
would not release the image to the public until NASA experts
had time to examine it.
Although there were several possible benign explanations
for the image, such as barely perceptible jigger
of the camera as it took the time exposure,
NASA zealed the exam and the photo demonstrates
the likes of which the agency is going to tap the resources
of ordinary Americans in solving the puzzle.
And it perhaps covering up the real...
I mean...
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, the NASA's...
Right.
Covering their answer at NASA, is that what you're trying to say?
Five, six, seven, and you notice the tremendous number
of people calling it on this show, which proves what I've always said.
The comment I made just minutes ago
about why the hell would we wish there time
giving the alternative point of view?
Well, what is it accomplished?
Because those people won't call for love or money
under any circumstance, assuming that they're there.
I mean, they vote on the polls.
They're against the war.
They're on this side.
They're on that side.
But as far as having anything to say, forget about it.
They don't support us in any way, shape, or form.
Right.
So what would be the point?
There is it.
Other than, you know, taking a lot of abuse from right wing assholes
who want to call on and say, oh, you're a faggot in it with that guy yesterday.
I mean, he was the epitome of what America is becoming.
That's what politics in America is today.
Not just the politics of personal destruction,
but, you know, just...
Lash out, just unleash.
Ventum, as the guy says.
Ventum.
Here's Pemberpine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, you didn't happen to read Hackworth's column today in Sentinel.
Did you?
Hackworth?
You know, David Hackworth?
No.
No.
Or Thomas Friedman.
Either one of them.
No.
Or I saw Tom Friedman's column the times yesterday.
Yeah.
Well, Hackworth's today is really good too.
If you get a chance to check it out.
Friedman's was interesting too.
You know, the golf war we were extracting Iraqi from Iraq from Kuwait.
It's different going into the country itself.
Of course.
And this is going to be a long-term nation-building process.
Well, I believe 70% of the country...
Let me ask you, therefore, we're going to do a bit of a job of nation-building there as we've done in Afghanistan.
Oh, I'm sure.
Well, he's done a lovely job there.
Well, if you read the column, you see that, well, I think, in Hackworth's column,
it's saying that troops are...
They're short on troops now because they're spreading them all over the place.
And they don't have enough...
It's just...
It's very...
And you'll recall, because we were all gung-ho after 9-11,
that a lot of us, including me, we said, well, you know,
as long as we're going to go over there and take care of the Taliban,
why not take care of Sodom now, too, because we were all whipped up with his patriotic frenzy.
And the answer was, well, we don't want to spread ourselves too thin.
So I guess we have to assume that the job in Afghanistan must be done
in that North Korea really isn't a threat.
It's a very depressing thought.
Yes, it is.
On that note, have a look.
Good luck to us.
I'll see you under the bed.
Take care now.
5-670560, pound 5-60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Marlos Line, but we're going to be having Hank at the Gulf Thermites this afternoon,
at the Senior's Gulf Tournament,
which are old codgers out there, old coots, lacking amounts of balls.
5-670560, pound 5-60 on the AT&T.
And what about that LeBron James?
What do you think?
Well, that Humvee.
That cost 50 grand, but when it was all juiced up and juiced up,
it may have been 75 or 85 grand.
Aren't you concerned about that?
I know somebody who's a car dealer in like Austin, Texas,
I'm going to call them up after the show this afternoon,
and find out what it runs for one of them things.
I'm sorry. Don't look at me.
I just don't get it.
I don't get it.
Here's Miramar. Hello.
Hello, Neel.
Yes, sir. Funny voice.
What is it?
Funny or hunting funny?
I said, funny voice.
Oh.
What is your idea?
What do you think we should do?
How come we're not having any reaction?
It was a funny voice.
Oh, I see.
OK.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Tint line.
Like I said, starting out another war, in fact,
where is the article about that is one I want to talk about,
even though nobody in this audience gives a crap,
and I'm wasting my time, but it makes me feel better
like I'm doing something that officials,
there might be pretense for US terror attack.
The threat of a terrorist attack on US sorrows
at a higher level than in previous months,
because of the possibility of impending military action
against Iraq, US counterterrorism officials
told CNN yesterday.
The threat level is definitely up.
Our guys have been told to act as if we've already bombed Iraq,
one senior counterterrorism official told CNN.
Government officials said they're concerned
that al-Qaeda, Iraq agents, or individuals could launch an attack,
coinciding with the US threat against Iraq.
There's been debate about putting out an alert warning
or actually raising the national threat level,
but the threat level remained at yellow or elevated sources
told CNN.
Sorrows to say the FBI is watching closely a handful of people
believe to be Iraqi intelligence officers in the US.
It's part of the bureau's effort to question many of the tens
of thousands of Iraqis living in the US.
There's also surveillance of at least several hundred
Iraqi nationals who are thought to be supporters of Sodom.
Sorrows to say that since the Idle of an attack,
the US has received constant intelligence
about another major al-Qaeda assault.
There's continuing fear of al-Qaeda obtaining weapons
of mass destruction, but officials said there's no proof
yet of terrorist organizations got them.
If they get their hands on them, no doubt they'll use them.
They've seen your official told CNN,
we're holding our breath because of Iraq, you said.
They're holding their breath because of Iraq.
So that's another great reason that we ought to go in there.
Don't you think?
Wack the hornet's nest.
Yeah.
Get out the goddamn broom and whack the hornet's nest
and see if they all come to fly in at us or not.
Let's take a shot at it.
In fact, you know, Jimmy Carter's come, I probably
should have read that thing because it made a lot of sense.
I mean, we can keep him locked up.
We can keep the surveillance on there.
We can keep the international pressure on him for years and years and years.
But we're worried about taking care of more and more dangerous and important things.
Because as long as he's under surveillance,
he's not going to get one hair on his lip out of joint.
But oh no, we don't want to do that because these plants...
I mean, they come...
This is the thing that's frustrating to me.
If they come right out and they tell the public,
hey, we're going to play the war card.
That was last January.
That's 13 months ago.
This has already been planned long since.
All the hawks, the rum spells,
and all these other right-wing lunatics.
Wolfowitz, the whole crowd, the whole crowd from Bush 1 and Reagan.
Oh no, but look at this.
Look at those tubes and look at those drawings and listen to that recording.
But the guy went, we don't remember like that.
Heighted.
Move it.
Eat it.
We have agents that speak Arabic.
One or two now.
Better late than never.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
4-letter mail.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Change and lighten up the subject.
Yes, sir.
I saw a billboard on 95.
Just south of...
Allendale.
Uh-huh.
For a...
Hi.
Gay mail chat line.
Yeah.
And there's two hot guys there embracing each other.
Yeah.
And maybe there is hope.
Hope for what?
I don't think there is hope for you.
He saw a billboard for a gay hot chat line.
So that means there must be hope.
Don't you feel better now?
Huh?
I feel no about life in general.
That we're not like being taken over by the far right because this guy was driving down there like by Allendale.
And so a billboard advertising a gay hot line.
Yeah.
Hot gay.
That's like a gay talk show host today.
Did you really?
Who was it?
560-50560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
They're off there to rattling the spears while the rest of you are like, boom, boom, boom, just like that.
I can't, I'm not going to worry.
Who the hell is?
Like any difference?
They're just waiting.
They're just waiting in the wings for their next round of lunacy.
That's all they're doing.
They've taken over.
We had a mudless coup and we got millions and millions of people too stupid even realize that happened right out of their nose.
Exactly.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
John God.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Yes sir.
Hello.
Yes.
Am I on?
Are you in Fort Lauderdale?
Yeah.
Sounds just like you.
All right.
I just wanted to make a couple points and I tend to agree with you.
I think even if you said, okay, Colin, you've got all this mysterious stuff and you were assuming that there's a hidden...
...exposes and mass destruction weapons.
Where's the enemy threat?
And that's what I know.
Here are these Democrats talking about it.
There is no eminent threat.
It's all well hidden.
So why do we talk about eminent threat?
You mean like North Korea?
Yeah, Korea.
They're already calling themselves a threat.
So I tend to agree.
There is no eminent threat.
I don't see the reason we should send our young boys and the gay guys.
They don't have to go.
All they do is say, I'm gay and they're not involved.
Okay, well I'll tell that to the guy from Hellenay with his billboard.
He's busy on the chat line right now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, gun, 8, D and D and Verizon Wireless Line.
Where the hell did that gay come from? Where did that all start?
I think I am going to read the Jimmy Carter thing that John and Miami faxed to me.
Because even though I probably should not say it came from Jimmy Carter, it would be more credible.
Because I just, you know, like I said, he's come out with some very reasonable statements over the last few months.
But the fact that it's coming from him kind of listens to the credibility if he gets my drift.
Why did he get so fast?
It's kind of like when Greg Reed comes in and says, good morning.
You know, it's just right off the bat. There's, you know, there's something wrong there.
You know what? You know what? You know what? You know what I'm talking about?
Well, why am I asking you?
Why in local?
We're sports radio 560s, you a-u-a-m.
This has been The O'Rodger Show.
This is your play, you know.
Any questions?
Planning your next vacation?
Looking for excitement in exotic locations?
Then make your next pleasure trip a memorable one.
Visit Palestine.
Relax as you dine in newly remodeled open-air restaurant.
Marveleth of you of the morning sunrise from your open-air hotel room.
Experience the cultural differences between Israel and Palestine and back to Israel again,
all from the comfort of the local marketplace as it changes hands each day.
You'll be blown away.
So plan your next excursion to the land of enchantment.
Palestine, we're just a stone's flow away from the Gaza Strip.
And you're gone. And you're gone.
One of the clubs, we're going to have to make a couple of hand man dog at one hang from that ancient Royal Caribbean,
the senior Orienta Gulf tournament, the Royal Caribbean three o'clock.
We got the Panthers in a PENG-173 at night, Eddie K, after the hockey game, Jule and Mark overnight.
I'm thinking very seriously, you may be shocked when you hear this good thing Carlisan in there right now,
because he would fall on the floor.
I'm thinking to go back to the bedtime stories.
Okay.
You're not shocked?
Yeah, I'm shocked, I guess, a little bit.
What do you mean by that?
Remember, I like it. I'm not going to change my mind.
No, not because when I, I mean, don't get me wrong. This is a lot easier for me.
You don't take hardly any of my time. I get a few really good stories.
I stick them in there, give them to Carlis, we put them on the website, good stuff, New York Times,
newsmax, not newsmax, God forbid, newsinsider.org, stuff like that.
But I just, I don't feel like it's productive. You know what I'm saying?
It's just not productive. I don't think you can do both anymore. I think that we've gone beyond that.
You know, if one out of ten calls was something.
I mean, once upon a time, and for many years, we did it successfully.
You know, you balance a few comments about what's going on in the world,
would like mostly fun and games. But I just don't think you can do that anymore.
And since we have to padded our ratings and get the already demographic here,
those people aren't going to listen to the bedtime stories.
So it's a real catch-22, you know what I'm saying?
I don't.
Like the punks that we're calling in on the Annette Werson Saturday after the Columbia blew up.
Well, it was Howard Stern on board. Yeah. I mean, what's the point?
Do you think those people really care about what's going on in the world?
Or have they intellect to like, let it sink through to seepin to some point in a grey matter?
I don't think so. No.
And I don't think they were punks though.
Well, whatever they have in labor. They were the typical New York stereotype, whatever.
Yeah, totally blind.
Anyway, Jimmy Carter, a statement by President Carter and alternative to war.
From last week. This is what he said.
With overwhelming military strength not applied against him and with intense monitoring
from space surveillance and new and inspection team on the ground,
any belligerent move by Sodom against the neighbor would be suicidal.
An effort to produce or deploy chemical or biological weapons that are made to slide
this move toward a nuclear explosive would be inconceivable.
If a rack does possess such concealed weapons as is quite likely,
Sodom would use them only in the most extreme circumstances in the face of an invasion
of a rack when all hope of avoiding the destructive as regime is lost.
Since it's obvious that Sodom who's saying has the capability and desire to build an
arsenal of prohibited weapons and probably has some of them hidden within his country,
what can be done to prevent the development of a real Iraqi threat?
The most obvious answer is a sustained and enlarged inspection team deployed as a permanent entity
until the U.S. and other members of the UN Security Council determined that its presence
is no longer needed. For almost eight years following the Gulf War until it was withdrawn four years ago,
Unscom proved to be very effective in locating and destroying a rack's formidable arsenal,
including more than 900 missiles and biological and chemical weapons left over from their
previous war with Iran. Even if a rack should come into full compliance,
now such follow-up monitoring will be necessary. The cost of an onsite inspection team
would be minuscule compared to war. Sodom would have no choice except to comply.
The results would be certain military and civilian casualties would be avoided.
There would be almost unanimous worldwide support and the U.S. could regain its leadership
in combating the real threat of international terrorism.
It goes without saying that there are many creative approaches to combating terrorism
that are not on the Korean administration's agenda,
but we need to be promoted by the rest of us.
At least Carter's proposal might pass them up to you at times as John and Miami.
And he's saying basically what all the other countries are almost all of the other countries
in the Security Council are saying, what's the rush?
Right, Tiro.
So even though it came from Jimmy Carter, maybe it makes just too much sense.
Oh, he made the case. You're wrong, Neil. Just look at those polls.
Why did he have to grow a brain after his presidency?
A little piece of one. A piece of a brain. Maybe like a peanut.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Well, yes, sir.
First time long time.
Good to talk to you. Does MSNBC, do they broadcast with the assumption that the average viewer is like in first grade?
I'll then ever do that.
This morning I'm watching and they're putting New York, New York on like a satellite map
is if we couldn't locate it, I'm just like Canada or Vermont.
That's because of this because of very frightening percentage of Americans can't find it.
We had that story on many, many, a couple of months ago.
It's unbelievable. And it used to be in Tampa, Neil.
So actually you forwarded Schwartz's Delhi up there.
There's another really strong town by the way.
Well, what are less for about five minutes?
Putting a Delhi in Tampa is like putting a Delhi in Saudi Arabia. Not a good idea.
Yeah, exactly.
That was great.
What do you say?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 0.
Oh my god. Look at this.
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow.
Dan just calm down.
There's a guy sending me a treatise on life on and on pages and pages and pages.
Oh, Dan.
Dan. Like who would have worked?
I mean, I understand some of these people mean very well. You know what I'm saying?
No. I don't either.
Cut the crap, Dan.
Okay.
Geez.
Shameless facts request.
Could you play the following Howard David Draftson order?
Science stupid gay asshole.
We'll almost on...
Oh, I see. Those are the bits.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
I thought it was either like he was signing it or maybe he was like pointing a finger at me, huh?
Well, I'm not stupid.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a 18 and T.
I think we were... Did I say this just days ago?
I think we reached like a turning point in our lives here.
I mean, I could be wrong about that, but you asshole.
Once you're taken Michael Jackson, he's the world's number one fruitcake 127.
Oh, look at that. You dropped it in a third.
Damn it. He's a sick pedophile 119.
George Rodriguez is gay 106.
Do you think free republic would free that for us?
No.
He blows and touches his music 43.
He's weird, but I love his music 22. He's okay, 6.
They only free pulls that have to do with the right wing against the left wing.
I'll present to you against everybody else, you know?
And of course, first and foremost,
oh yeah, guns.
Hey, love their guns, man. Don't mess with their guns.
But again, maybe it's good that these people are sitting there with their computers all day.
They're all going to be deadling around because it keeps them off the street,
keeps them out of your backyard in front yard too.
Here's Miami. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got two things for you. One, I've got a question.
Where do you get Nestle's fertilized cream?
I heard you talking about it. I can't find it.
Can it?
Can it? It's in Toronto.
They don't have it in South Florida?
Somebody called one day is, and she started to give me a song of dance,
but I never heard anybody really find it.
Okay. Well then I got my buddy, Neil,
we're on break from church right now,
so we don't want anyone to know we're calling the pop and meal.
Okay.
But Bill was at the hockey game last night, and once he talked to you, he was,
I'm from Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Did the panthers stop that? That the least I did.
The panthers, both.
Oh, okay.
Panthers suck.
Hey, do you hate us people that come down during the circumstances,
that down in your seats,
and watch a real game of hockey instead of opening the slumpers seat?
No, it's not bothered me.
I wasn't there. We left after the second period.
The game was over, I got home in time to see the third period on TV.
No, I have no problem.
You guys hate us, you guys hate us to come down in a good seat for a few minutes?
What did I just say?
I guess not.
I said, I don't.
Are you listening to me or just talking to yourself?
I'm talking to myself.
Like I said, don't ever do it again.
Don't ever do it again.
What did I say to you?
See, this is what I'm talking about, having a conversation.
Am I not speaking clearly and articulately?
Do I have like much mouth today?
No.
I don't think so. I think I sound very clear.
I'm very clear to me, huh?
What?
What do I care what he's doing after I leave there?
I don't care if he's like standing in an aisle, standing on his head upside down, picking his nose and flinging it.
What do I care?
Do you care?
No.
I really don't care unless, of course, he like misses my seat or something like that.
And since I'm not coming back there for a very long time, what do I care anyway?
I'm not going to go back to that.
So, the other thing I do want to mention, you know, I have suspected for a long time and I've mentioned this on the year.
Wayne Hypinga, still, his name is still in the program.
At the panthers.
So, even though he sold the team supposedly, and Alan Cohn is the owner supposedly at least in name, I think Wayne is still involved.
He's got his finger in it.
He's got his nasty testicles and tentacles in it, you know what I'm saying?
Because the thin skinnedness and the hostility and just the all-around, not knowing how to treat the public.
All the elements.
Yeah.
All the elements are there.
The Wayne elements.
And I think if they don't get rid of it, that franchise is going to be a part of the expression, toast.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, see there, you're going out again.
Yeah, I am going with that again.
I think if people want to criticize what's going on, they don't like the traitor, they think that Rick W's an asshole.
I think they're entitled to say that.
And that's what I'm telling you.
That story we had before about Dame Edith Goofball, all that.
What's going on in this country?
What is going on here?
Up, tight as...
No, not just up, tight, but I mean you talk about losing freedom to express anything.
It's got to be all supposed to go step in line.
See, I used to joke about that, but the problem is not a joke anymore.
You have to go step right in line, Mr. Erick, they're going to come down and crap on your doorstep.
And they're going to do anything under the power to shut you up.
And that's what America's become.
Totally intolerant, totally full of hate, totally a right wing.
And if this is your idea of the land of the free and you want to wave the flag and get all goosey and patriotic,
I'm sorry, I can't do that.
I can't get enthusiastic about that.
Because what used to be great about this country is vanishing.
It's disappearing right before people's eyes.
And they're going, boo, boo, boo, like that.
Let's go out and play some golf.
Oh, that's where we got heck of the golf tournament this afternoon for the old farts.
Go to exercise, you know, George?
No, yeah.
Great to like air out your Veracost veins.
Can I wear my ballwalkers on the floor, or your shorts?
You're putting a checkered short sign on like kind of eras out, you're like,
all your parts, it's great. Good exercise.
Where boxers are for.
Christy wants you to get to be 100. Perfect for soft Florida.
Maybe that guy who was looking to the gate chat lines instead of,
instead of like being on the internet all day long,
trying to desperately define somebody alive or close to it,
maybe he had a go at their knocks and balls around on a golf course.
Wax them.
10 past 11 at 560 WQIM, 560 7 05 60,
pound 560 on a AT&T line.
Have you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have
cut a wood or done something but didn't do it?
There's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there at 3.45%
and this rate's available by chronic financial group toll free 1-800-9-450363.
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%,
you'd save yourself $3,500 in the first year loan for each $100,000 that you owe,
$100,000 cost you only $447 a month.
Here's an opportunity that won't last it's a 40 year low.
So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying a home call financial group toll free,
1-800-9-450363.
The process is simple and the call is free 1-800-9-450-0-LED.
Financial group has been in the equal housing lender in the thousands of borrowers
with the Fannie Mae program.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long,
5.34 APR.
Call financial group, there's no obligation to explain to you how this works
and save you a bundle load of money.
Call 1-800-9-450-0-LED.
My and local, this is Sports Radio 560.
It's a nose-a-boss.
Hey, stop it.
I forget, hang this act of 0, it's 3-7 of that very extra culture.
Keep it in mind.
It isn't Hessin hanging down.
He looks like a slaughtered cow.
I keep some parts of the shelf, my main need for my nose.
If I've ever been a greedy down,
he has everything I need from his bladder to his clean.
He's hanging out and back on a freezer rack with his eyeballs frozen open.
It sounds crazy, but he has my guts and I'll not joke him.
His lips are perfect match for me.
In case my leg gets broken, his organs are all mine.
He doesn't seem to find a glow again, naturally.
He seems to tell the whole of my heart,
I'll ask prayer parts that I can't render,
when I dismember.
That's all I have to do.
Do do do do.
Why just need other day?
I feel my memory start to fade.
I took a carbonite and supercluded right into my head how I have two brains.
Folks, if you're asked for thought,
with a couple of extra loves,
it's such a luxury with more than one of these immortalities.
What are you?
And he has no civil rights that's standardized.
He's here to serve me.
He understands how take his hands.
You never mind yet dirty.
He doesn't have much to say.
After all, it's only DNA.
A glow again, naturally.
A glow again, naturally.
You might mention my name to Rice Marshall Gary.
I'm in 16 at 5.60.
I'm in a QAM.
Might as well laugh.
We can't cry.
Jane is one of our regular faxus.
Says, I can't call him at work.
I'm taking wrist-dust faxing.
We're not the monitoring.
We're not tracing the Jane you're safe.
Of course, who knows who might be.
She says, these people calling you are morons,
though they make morons look brilliant.
On Saturday morning, when I saw what happened,
and we had a call about this the other day,
but it's worth repeating.
Saturday morning, when I saw what happened in the Columbia,
I was watching Dan Rather on CBS.
He took a call from a guy claiming to have debris in his backyard.
And then the guy said, it's Baba Buie's tooth.
Rather, unaware there was a hoax went on questioning,
and then the guy said, you're an idiot.
Then they cut him off.
Talk about mentality.
It makes me worry when I'm an elevator in a crowded place.
And this guy next to me is, is he one of these jerks?
And sadly odds are, he is.
Forest sterilization now, says Jane.
In the New York Times, 2-3-03,
a couple of days ago, three days to be exact.
NASA dismissed advisors who weren't about safety.
Didn't we have that on our website?
That story, which I gave to you, yes we did.
Dr. Richard Blomberg told Congress last April,
Bloomberg, but he spells it bad.
I've never been worried, as worried for the space shuttle safety as I am right now.
All my instincts suggest that the current approaches,
planting the seeds for future danger,
he along with seven others were dismissed, fired,
adios.
Watches, they sweep this mess under the rug, she said.
Our national lose is really serving the public.
An hour long program on Michael Jackson,
I'm gonna phew, says Jane.
She's phew, can't-
And don't forget, which is the reason I just played that clone again, think.
How about let's get the rally in Zonair again for some more air time.
I heard some other rally and press conference on this,
if they can say Michael is one of theirs, and they're taking them back home.
Oh, right.
That would be good, we'd pay for that.
We take up a question for that.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon.
Do I understand the stupeg keeps track of every one?
Wireless line.
Here's a call from Sunrise, hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you ever see the Miller-like cat fight, Ed?
Cat fight?
Yeah, I'm on the football game, they show,
and we'll go to the ribs, brothers, the brothers and panties.
No, never saw that.
Well, because the Memorican family association,
all these Christian groups are putting a net-work pressure on a network to take it off,
because they're gonna show it on a TV show.
Oh, gee.
There's a cable version of this, Ed,
with one girl going to the other.
Let's make out.
Uh-oh.
It's on Playboy.
Do you have any idea how far back we've turned the clock now?
It's like, we're going back to the dark ages, now we're going back pre-1950.
They really go over the, like, lesbian stuff in this ad,
because, hey, a Christian man shouldn't like to watch that stuff.
George would love this ad, on Playboy.com.
He's got a TV.
He's watching a right now.
You can see that it's on there.
Did you, George, see the net?
Yeah, he's right in it.
He's watching.
Oh, calm down.
You sound a little bit hyper.
Something like he's got himself all worked up.
Well, that's a good, a good, a good change.
That's a good change.
Uh-oh.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on it.
But let me ask you one thing.
Yeah.
Have you seen it?
Not lately.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Cooper City.
Is gone?
Hello.
Oh, there he is, yes, sir.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, I need, like, two questions for you.
Yeah.
Number one is that, do you like your winters?
Ah, ha, ha.
Come up with some new questions, okay?
Weiner man, come up with some new questions.
Sound like a loser or me not a weiner.
Come up with some new ones and call us back in about five, ten years.
If the world is still spinning around.
Here's, and he always starts out.
I've got two questions.
Here's Coconut Creek.
Hello.
And never gets to the second, the other one.
Kelly, I'm going to tell us there's a second.
There's a second.
You're right.
You're not going to get the animated guy.
What is it?
The animated guy.
At least he was all alone.
At least he was with that fan of Tuesday and threw about something right.
Here is Del Ray B.
Chilla.
I feel like if I don't get in now, I'm never going to get in because you get any more call like that.
They'll never be another call again.
Yeah, I could be.
I'm getting close, man.
I'm getting around on the edge.
I don't blame it.
It sucks.
That's the way it's going to have to probably end up being.
But that's what's going to happen, probably.
Now, were you listening when I was doing bedtime stories or not?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't like it, though.
Didn't like it.
The problem is that there's no interaction.
It's just you reading the story and there's really no way people can respond.
No, there's interaction.
George goes like that.
He had to make a story like a, you know, like a city of...
How much have we had trained monkeys in the background making those are senior sounds, you know?
I don't know.
I don't know how you can go.
You probably, I mean, I hate to say it, but you might have to screen calls, you know, carefully to get people that are going to say something.
Oh, brother, I've only been doing this in this town for about a hundred years and a few of you believe that.
I know George would have to work if he did that.
But you don't want to work.
Hey, you know, George made the parallel.
He doesn't get paid enough to work.
George made the parallel to the hornets nest thing, you know, about Iraq.
And I find it so interesting that it's so true if you think about it, you know.
Well, if you got a big hornets nest in your backyard, right?
What's the way you're going to deal with it?
You got a couple of options.
You know, if you leave it alone, just kind of let it sit there.
And once in a while they're going to come out and sting you, knock down a couple of buildings, blow some people up.
But if you exterminate the whole thing, drop a nuke.
There's an example right in the middle of Baghdad and say, look, this is it.
Because if you don't do it that way, it's never going to go away.
You go over there and hit the door.
Drop a nuke in the middle of Baghdad and kill five million people.
I didn't attack us.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
It's the only way is to kill five million people in the Baghdad.
I'm telling you.
Who didn't attack us?
We don't do anything.
It's going to come back to buy this in the ass.
We go over there and start a war.
It's never going to end.
So we're going to nuke Baghdad is what you're saying.
That's your answer.
What's the other option?
Let me ask you, did we, when we had the Cold War going into the, we nuke Moscow?
No, but what happened with the, uh, with the Japanese?
Did, when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor.
Has Iraq attacked us?
Has there been any attack by the Iraqi people?
Yes, if you look at it, you're all, what was it?
If you look at it in the overall contact with the people that they're talking about, they'll give me double talk.
Come on, let's get serious, sir.
What was the attack?
When did Iraq attack the United States?
Well, there was no actual attack.
Okay, thank you.
But we don't care.
Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, five.
I mean, what's the point?
How do you deal with somebody like that?
Let's drop a nuclear weapons on Baghdad and kill five million people.
Well, that's the only way.
Did I say that yesterday?
Let's just blow up everybody that we don't like.
Everybody would think, right?
We think might be a threat someday.
North Korea, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Sudan.
Everybody could be a threat.
Let's call the people we're talking about liberating from an evil dictator.
How about the guy we talked to yesterday who said, let's go after France and get them and then Germany after that.
Let's just kill everybody who's not American and then we'll start looking inside to say,
we're not sure about a lot of us.
Us against everybody.
You know what they say?
You understand the destuplication of the people of Iraq.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, and five, six, eight, and eight, and eight, and four, and we do understand.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami.
When is this?
No speaking English, sorry.
Here's a call from Italy.
Hello?
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
Number one is you're 100% correct about the panther's organization.
No customer service.
Right.
I mean, they've just brain dead.
I mean, even from dealing with incredible lights, which they own out here, you just wouldn't believe how bad they are with us.
No, they're just not fan-friendly.
They don't give a crap.
I saw all the rotten eyes again last night.
They just, you know, they talk a good game, but they just don't care.
They put a real good dog and pony show over the weekend with the All Star game.
Thanks to the help of the league itself and all the other people that came in.
But when we get back to our regular games and the handful of fans who bother showing up anymore, it's a sad situation.
Well, Neil, an airport story.
I know you fly.
I don't know if you fly out of Fort Loderdale.
But that's, listen, last week I fly to New York.
So I go through security, right?
And I, you know, put all my stuff on the belt.
I go through the metal detector and after you get through the metal detector, there's like two ways you can go.
One way is if you made the metal detector go off, the other way, of course, you pass, go, and you go right through.
Well, there was nobody standing there, so I walked through the little way to go to the metal detector, went off.
And I go to the end of the belt to pick up my stuff that went through the X-ray machine.
The guy says to me, oh, we're waiting a minute, sir.
Did you just set off the metal detector?
And I said, not all, I didn't.
And he goes, oh, okay, go ahead.
I swear I got.
Then, then, there are tenning to some other people and two or three other people walk through.
And they say, well, wait, did you set off the machine?
And he says, no, and they walk right through.
Well, I see that all the time.
I'll see that they get sidetracked with one bag that they're really interested in.
Like, well, what is that?
And then in the meantime, the other bags are going through it.
And they're not even looking at them.
The people are supposed to be scanning, you know, they're not even looking at them.
Unbelievable.
So, you know, I mean, I could have told them, no, had something in my shoes or whatever.
Yeah.
And there you go.
So, I feel safe.
I don't know about that.
You'll be pleased to know that I must look like very dangerous guy, because I would say,
more often than not, they check me, open up your belt, take off your shoes.
Now, sir, I must look like a really dangerous guy.
So, I don't worry about me.
I'm safe.
It really reaffirms my belief in the whole new system that we have.
Okay, I can hang out of that passport.
There you go.
Passport control, baby.
Let's control it.
Squeeze it, final it, grab it.
Make sure it's not going to despair anytime soon.
I'll see you there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
That's kind of like a oxymoron, isn't it airport security?
Yeah.
I mean, I've been telling you that since 9, 11 happened.
Since they start opening airports again, four days or whatever was afterwards.
The login pony show.
National guard, guys, standing around.
You know, didn't mean anything.
Still find it box cutters on planes and all kinds of crap.
I mean, it's better than it was in the months afterward, but it's not what it really should be.
And in the meantime, the airlines are still going bust day by day.
Oh dear Lord.
26 past 11 at 5, 60 at WQAM.
Guys, what women really wanted Valentine's Day is for you to put a little thought and creativity into your gift.
This year, express yourself in a fun and original way and say with Vermont Teddy Bear.
Just call 1-800-829 Bear and a friendly bear counselor will help you choose from over 100 bears, hand-quacked in Vermont,
and delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate.
Tell her she lights your fire with a new Burnt Love Bear dressed like a hunky fireman with a love tattoo on his arm.
Or say I'm wild about you with a younger love bear.
They've even got an officially licensed Love Me Tender Elvis Bear.
Sending a Vermont Teddy Bear is as creative and personal alternative flowers as ever you heard up.
And the bear of course will be your model long after Valentine's Day to remind her of her unlike flowers which are dead in a matter of hours.
Sending a bear to the office or her co-workers can see just how thoughtful and romantic you're pretending to be.
Over night in Valentine's Day, delivery guaranteed so call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at VermontTeddyBerry.com.
This year, say it with Vermont Teddy Bear for Valentine's Day.
Be sure and tell them that old crusty kneel told you to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
I am not a Nazi.
I'm curious so far.
Thing you're most pleased about.
I'm not wanting to reduce arsenic and drinking water only because I'm not friendly toward the environment.
Biggest mistake made so far.
We're not going to let it come into effect.
I want to spend the people's money.
And I will do so.
One final question.
Mr. President, do we yet know how sick is the heart of Dick Cheney?
Well, and we know that he is...
I know that he's...
As they say out west, he's checked out.
Lost cause.
Sure.
You're hot, you're dirty.
Love a 31-560 W.D.Q. I'm a happy Thursday to inspect all of these things.
I want to put a little smile on your push.
Isn't that what it is?
A little smile on your push.
W.D. Well and Delray, who's a chronic factor, but obviously got Nike larger than his big toe.
He says, please give President Carter some foreign negotiations credit for his work in North Korea.
Helping stay off the current problems when most in the US followed the OJ verdict.
And Camp David Accords, which established a lasting so far piece between Israel and Egypt.
Admittedly, the hostage crisis in the 80 Olympic book, caught in response to the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan,
were less than successful.
But hey, the hostage crisis gave us nightline.
I bet you said, the couple is thankful to Jimmy Carter and never thought about that.
And whoever given that awful, mousey here piece.
Also W.D. Well says, have you got any war songs to play like Edwin Star and Ward, the clash and rock the Khazba,
you too, and Sunday bloody Sunday, the Gath band, you dropped the bomb on me.
War, why can't we be friends?
Um, treble funk dropped the bomb.
That'll him and the Republican, free to pain, bring him back alive.
I'll be looking in there for music now just because I've just read them to you know.
I just found the Gath band the other day.
Did you really? Yeah. We're in the Gath.
Here's the fact that it says, Niel, you were talking about the security or lack of it in our airports.
It pisses me off that I have to pay a surcharge in every ticket so the government can hire way too many students
who stand around in bushmen to each other while items of concern are being passed around with their noses.
Did you ever notice the number of white shirted TSE employees at the checkpoints?
They're literally tripping over one another and being paid handsomely with our surcharges and taxes
just by their own sheer number as they create confusion.
That's a good point.
There's so many of those guys standing around that it's difficult to tell who's the TSA people who the passengers are.
Which is why, you know, every time they say somebody slept through and they couldn't find them
and they never do. They never find them.
Just by their own sheer numbers they create the confusion, the tension, the diversion, that the perpetrator
to seek the career out there mission. You can't complain about the security because there is none.
Thank the Tom Ridges overkill. That's Glenn who's under 100 in Lakeland.
Glenn in Lakeland, the only other Glenn I knew in Lakeland was, and what happened to the cackle by the way?
Well, that's where you must stay out there. Not around here.
You did, I think he stole it because he hated the grudges.
I used it. What are you talking about?
Use what? The cackle. Not here.
The cackle lives on.
We do have the Bill Marshall cackle. Let's bring back Joey Reynolds.
We can't have the guy with the eyes and Bill Marshall can come back.
Laugh at all those really hysterical jokes that Joey used to tell him here.
That fresh new comedy. We're going to have Russ O'Hase's guesting on the show.
Talk about those great ad agency screaming spots.
We'll Joey be begging him for a job.
Yes. No, he'll be begging me to go after somebody else and get him fired.
Anybody else just to get him a job. Like Rick and Scud, for example.
Get out of here and build you idiot.
Did I ever meet him Bill Marshall? I don't think so.
I don't know.
Like Nixon would say, I can't remember. I don't recall.
I did.
You met Bill Martin? That's where he was.
I was used to the port out that show. That's sad.
No one of you has hit that show.
George was doing fine until he did the Joey Reynolds show.
No, I wasn't.
Please, no calls. These morons are killing us.
It's a William.
We turn to your show for some relief from these idiots who surround us in South Florida.
We sure are surrounded, aren't we?
Oh, man.
That's our middle name in South Florida.
56670560 pound.
There is our leader. Our fearless leader.
Clarence just opened up the door. He's got George's stub in his hand right now.
Monday, don't forget his payday, which I know I'm counting on you.
It'll be great to come in Monday and see your smiling face.
It's always good to see Clarence early in the morning.
He's in their modern ring in his room, modern ring the mo and gildy show,
seeing what it can do to improve it.
And Monday's going to have my check. Why won't you have it at that hour?
But just keep that in mind.
Listen, around here, it's always a good idea
because it has occasionally happened that all it slipped their mind.
You know what I'm saying?
They just forgot about it.
And then they'll get a career to send it over.
And it'll be there that afternoon or maybe the next day or maybe a couple of days later.
So I just always mention that.
It's getting ready for payday.
And look at the look on Purg Carlos' face.
A look of terror.
Wow.
So you got that check that stuff may I'll do that one time?
It's on a way.
No, I don't. Didn't you find out it was in the mail truck that was out here on there?
It went by.
Oh, I see. That explains it.
Lucy.
She was just going to drop it by here.
And they were going a little bit too fast, I guess, when they went by.
She would be going throughout the window.
Return to sender.
But Carlos, when I started talking about the paycheck, being like,
boy, he just, because he has stretched it as far as he can.
And the check, too.
And it didn't go very far.
It's all the same.
You're spending five bucks a pack of packets like you.
You know, somebody like you can't afford to smoke. Don't you understand that?
You know how much weed he could buy with the cigarette budget.
No, I'm serious.
Forgetting about whether it's good for you or bad for you.
And that, I mean, forget about that.
Coming from a federal, the queen like me.
But the fact of the matter is, a guy in your position can't afford to smoke cigarettes.
Unless you've got somebody to supply them for you.
And maybe we've got some wealthy people around here who would like to buy much of faggots.
Who do we have here? It's got a lot of cash.
I'm not buying no faggots.
Not this good. No way Jose.
Well, there's Greg.
Duff. Clarence.
Ray Duff.
He got a lot of cash.
He'd buy him cigarettes.
You know the sale.
Clarence could help out.
I'm sure their clearance is making big bucks.
Now he's got that orifice in there. Don't you think they can get him a real desk?
He's still sitting at that particle board desk they got for a month after I had to embarrass them into a bit more back in the good old days.
Yeah, but he's got some crates arranged around it.
So there's more surface.
Is that what it is?
Yeah. It's great.
I see. It's great to be in the sunshine state.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T line.
We're just following our way along. Trying to decide which direction we want to go into.
You know what I mean?
Which direction we want to go?
Straight ahead, off the other side of the left.
Maybe a little bit to the right.
There you go.
What a great idea.
Let's turn it into a right wing show.
I don't care if this point is not going to change anything anyway.
I know.
Put that freaking lard ass right out of business.
Sure.
Get all those freepers on our side.
Then we can start creeping everybody else's pool.
What do you say?
Let's start singing Deutschland Oberolus right away.
Yeah.
Let's get all those damn Clinton bits out again.
Start ripping on Bubba with his fall.
Whatever it is it's gonna be.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Huh.
Oh.
That's something to think about.
Our pool.
What's your... I'm on a change the pool.
At noon.
Is that going to get Eric upset?
We really don't care.
He'll be able to handle it.
Even though it is the middle of lunchtime.
Lunchtime frame starts at about 9 30 goes till 2.
Afternoon snack time starts at 205.
But anyway, he'll be able to handle it.
But let's do a pool on the calls now.
Because we've been back on the calls.
Let's see October, November, December.
A long time.
Huh?
Like about five months now or four and a half months, whatever it's been.
I think we need to find out.
Because I don't know.
I'm tempted.
We... Now occasionally, like you said, like maybe one out of every 500.
This is a pretty good call.
We had like what?
One today?
One.
Two or three?
I don't know.
I can't remember.
I think we're gonna change that pool starting into an L work on during the next break.
Feversly.
And then we'll let Eric know when we're good and ready.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I'm a long time listener for over 20 years.
And this is like the second time I've called.
Okay.
And I just want to let you know your show is sounding so much better.
I'm a radio junkie.
So much better since when?
Well, I've listened to it from your days when you were on FM.
And the time period that for me was really stagnant.
It was when you were away.
And George did the best he could do.
But when you would get on and just read commentaries and not take calls.
It was...
I have conservative views.
And I've never actually...
I've never called up to argue with you or anything like that.
But you wouldn't take calls or take other opinions.
You just read from the New York Times.
And you just got boring.
And you wouldn't take...
I like...
I agree with that.
And that's why I stopped doing it.
Well, it sounds so much better you're doing this.
And I have to admit, you said that in December you had people that got arbitrarom books that attacked you.
I was one of them.
First time I've ever gotten a book.
And it was in December, one of the little...
I had one week to record all the calls.
And I really wasn't listening that much.
Because it was getting to the other point.
But I wanted to...
So, in other words, you didn't put down any time that you were listening to us.
Is that what you're saying?
I wasn't listening.
I would listen.
And if you were reading the New York Times, I kind of stuff.
I would switch off to another channel.
But when I got the book, I nailed you.
And I put other shows that I listened to.
And I really wasn't listening to you that time.
So, in other words, if I don't agree with your politics, even if you're listening, you're going to...
No, I'll listen as long as you'll take calls and let people at least give their point of view.
But when you were just reading one point of view and you wouldn't let anybody call up to respond,
you know, I like...
You have a lot of funny things like with Moe.
You have the Larry Moe thing.
But you know what this is starting to sound an awful lot like?
Is this series of calls we've had over these last few months since the right wing has gone into a feeding frenzy.
As long as you don't talk about politics, I'll listen and I'll help you out.
And I'll write you down in the diary.
And yada yada yada.
So, in other words, I have to adopt either a right wing view or just not discuss it at all.
Or else you've been like a sandbag. It's like you just got through explaining to me.
No, as long as you let a person with conservative views at least give their point of view.
But let me say this to you.
We don't get conservative people who have a point of view.
They come on here on the air and make personal attacks.
They don't articulate an opposite point of view.
And then they accuse me of not listening to people with an opposing point of view.
Like the guy that called yesterday, I'm on a...
You faggot you a hateful thing.
I mean, it was just obnoxious.
That's not expressing a different point of view.
Is that what conservativeism means now?
No, if someone's like that, you have no problem cutting them off.
But I have a lot of knowledge because I watch the TV read.
I do a lot of this stuff.
I sometimes hear points of view that you're saying that they're not completely accurate
because you're just reading from one source.
And I'm just going crazy listening to it.
Where I can't give my point of view.
I don't call up reading.
You said you were only called me twice in 20 years.
I called you when I was like 18 years old.
Right.
Years ago.
Talking about some kind of nonsense.
But I mean, if you don't call to give me an alternate point of view, then what am I supposed to do about it?
Just when I hear you sometimes talking to others,
some people will make a point, will make a good point of view.
And you'll say something and then just kind of cut them off.
And I just like to, both sides of the story.
I understand you have your point of view.
You're not going to change my mind.
I'm not going to change yours.
You mean, you're just going to go to the library.
First of all, I should let people call in who disagree.
I'm sorry, excuse me.
That doesn't happen.
You have the most entertaining show on the market.
You should know how you're doing it right now.
Right now, it's perfect.
I'm just saying when you go back to not taking calls and reading New York Times is boring.
Right now, it's good.
How about if I read from my comp?
Just a joke.
No, no, no, no, no.
Okay, have a great day.
Keep up.
It's a good work.
Look, I understand what he's saying.
He does want me to talk about my viewpoint.
19 till noon at 5.60 WDQM.
Snow in Miami.
Well, ain't that cold.
It's along the chilly side of the night.
But Tom Limon and Joe Prieto are buried up to their armpits, up to their noses in cars and vehicles.
Because the factory said, hell, it's Pontiac.
So many of them, they have no place to stick him.
Even Tom Limon had to park cars in his driveway.
So they would love to place one in yours, in your gay garage.
Howl, it's blowing out the all new vehicles, regardless of profit, including the Pontiac vibe, starting only $13,998.
And up to 5 grand off on every GMC on-boy in stock.
Plus, get 0% financing up to a $3,000 rebate.
You know something, I'm so excited now.
I feel like squeezing myself.
You know what?
I'll tell you why during the break.
Of course, howl, it's also...
What?
I'm just...
I'm very excited.
Yeah, I'm...
You've worked.
I've had an epiphany.
Howl, it's got a tremendous selection like they always do a...
You know what I'm going to choose from.
And you don't have to worry about having a deal cut for you over there because even if you have marginal credit, maybe you had a couple of like, you know...
Maybe you had a whole bunch of...
Maybe you're a deadbeat, but they still will get you a deal cut.
They're not...
They're not the kind of snooty people that all the car dealers are who just don't want to get you a deal done.
It's the Winterblizzard emergency clearance airlines going on right now at a place that's an institution in that same joint for over 35 years.
It's the same great location.
134-1 South Dixie highway that's US run across from the falls.
And howl at Pontiac is open every day of your life, seven days a week, except Christmas Day.
As always, thank you for more when you mentioned my name.
Call right now, the Neal Ranges Neal Deal Hotline Tool Free.
1-885-344-4211.
1-885-344-4211.
I guarantee it, it'll treat you right when you do your car shopping in hell of...
Haleth Pontiac GMC who be professional grade.
Five and the local, this is five sixty.
The radio's on your side.
You ain't...
Thing rape is fun.
Hey parents, you're not in Kansas anymore.
The world your kids are growing up in is a whole new environment.
So at Bunga Blue Toys, we're making toys that reflect today's world.
The doll, no little girl, should be without date rate Barbie.
With her tattered dress and shattered look, date rate Barbie looks, acts and talks, just like the real thing.
Just pull her string, date rate Barbie says things like...
What part of Nell does she understand?
I know we were friends!
And the timeless classic.
I always dress like this.
Date rate Barbie comes complete with the Frat House Party play set.
Get yours today.
Date rate Barbie and a Cressor can sold separately.
Bunga Blue Toys always know your attacker.
I... I... I...
Okay, speechless.
1147 at 560 WDQM.
He's speechless. He don't want to scream read a banana or just go over and dump on guilty.
Do you guys have an adventure at a host TV show?
You guys gonna watch?
No.
I'm not watching.
Let's check it out.
He's been a professional wrestler, talk radio host and Minnesota Governor.
Next up for Jesse Ventura's own cable show.
He announced yesterday on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno or is that Jay Leno is somebody used to say?
Don't be picking on Mikey, okay, we like them.
Tonight show with Jay Leno that he'll soon begin hosting a nightly program on MSNBC.
Is that MS or MS?
I'm gonna educate him entertain him and tell people a truth venture.
He said anything he hopes to show attracts the sort of young people who helped him get elected in 1998.
But who may not be paying much attention to politics these days?
See there we go again with that.
The average viewer who watches MSNBC or CNN or Shlok's news or any of those is about what?
100?
Right. 94 plus.
Ventura said he didn't know what day the show will begin airing or who his first guest will be.
He said it'll be on 5 nights a week and probably start within a month.
The announcement will surprise few news of the show leaked out months before and the Tonight Show website listed MSNBC is the reason for Ventura's visit.
But Ventura who had a radio talk show before running for Governor did his best to create his own hype.
I don't know if they're ready for me. He growled to Leno.
If there's one person that can get MSNBC off the air you're looking at it.
The cable channel seeking to reverse a fall in the ratings against Ravel's Fox News channel and CNN, a highly publicized return to TV by Filadonu, has attracted many viewers.
MSNBC spokesman Alan Winikov had no comment about Ventura's show.
Ventura didn't say where the show will be based.
Earlier reports said the Mall of American Bloomington has been scouted as a possible location.
He's scouting malls while Mickey is scouting CEOs.
Leno, by welcoming Ventura back to the show business warn and you thought politics was sleazy.
Ventura said Leno better watch out. Go out and check what you thought was your parking spot.
How do you like that?
Hey, here's Don and Lauder Hill who wrote me about this and about that and the world and the stuff happens and books did this.
Okay, Don got it. Read it.
Whatever.
I just don't have time to read all the, especially this other guy that sent me this face.
I said it twice. The one that was about eight million pages there.
You're going to read it twice?
Yes.
In the turlid.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So let's change that pool. What do you say?
I mean, who cares about freaking Michael Jackson?
We got 505 votes on there and I'm embarrassed for that.
I mean, we put it out there for you to vote on.
And of course, the fact we let you pick on George again a lot of you like that.
Your OS are a great fit of gratitude for that.
George volunteered for that yesterday.
He said he can handle it. He can take it.
He's got big broad shoulders.
505 votes. What's your take on Michael?
Well, at least compared to Carlos.
And he was got big broad shoulders compared to Carlos and Maddie Bell.
He's the world's number one fruitcake.
No, not Maddie Bell. Michael Jackson.
Maddie might be number two or three.
156 votes for Michael Jackson being the world's number one fruitcake.
146 that he's a sick pedophile.
George Rodriguez is gay. 122, which has nothing to do with anything.
They just like saying that.
He blows and sodas is music.
49. He's weird by love as music 23.
And he's okay.
Okay.
9. Said that about Michael Jackson.
8 o'clock tonight on ABC.
I'm 2020.
Interviewed by that Brit.
What's his name again?
Michael Bashar.
Bashir.
Bashir.
Michael Bashir.
Do you read Donald Bashir?
From the Philadelphia Flyers?
Briscuit.
Did you remember Donald Bashir got whacked in the head by what's his name?
What was his name?
The former defenseman.
Marty, um, Marion.
Marty is, I can't think of his name now.
That's bad.
That's a bad sign.
Marty who?
I don't know.
Marty have that.
Anyway, Marty McSorley.
Marty McSorley.
I'm just really like Marty Cohn.
Yeah, he did it.
Marty McSorley.
Okay. See it?
So it took me a couple of seconds.
Out of sight out of mind.
These old hockey players that whack guys in the side of the head.
Here's the new pool.
Okay. You're writing this down now.
We're going to pass this along.
Eric, I can fax it to him.
Is that a difficult question?
He's a roar.
Huh? Huh?
He's thinking about the food right now.
You know what I had that was?
It's almost a bullet yet.
It's almost new.
I dodged the board.
I went home.
I blood sugar was only one of you two.
That's why you're very lucky.
What does that mean?
I eat good stuff.
Thanks again to our friends at Corkeys.
Did they deliver food to Hank?
Do we know or not?
We don't know.
Well, let's find out from somebody who was in the building.
I bet you'd definitely know if they delivered food to Hank.
Which I'd, they'd damn well better.
He's going to be pissed off.
Because they delivered food to Mo and Gelly who didn't even know it was coming.
I mean, they enjoyed it.
I'm sure.
We ate most of it.
But nevertheless.
And my good fat friend, Zack, and I always tell you he was a good guy, Zack.
He is a good guy.
Every time they get food from a house, we love you a house, wherever you are.
He now he asked me like this morning.
You want to hear anything?
Want to grill cheese on the whole wheat?
Yep, there it was.
He likes great.
Even my friend Robert brought it into me.
He coaxured it in the sack before he brought it in.
He said, my sack is kosher.
I said, I don't want to see Robert.
Please.
Oh.
He brought me in my sandwich, which I thought was very nice.
Don't be smirking like that.
That's what I'm saying.
That's a big fat guy and I'm a fat guy.
Not as big as he is, but us fat people we stick together.
Zack is great.
He isn't good sugar to miss him.
I sure hope he watches his back.
Watch your back, Zack.
Are you going to be with Mo?
No, Mo.
No, no, no.
See, I just want to keep singing it.
Catchy.
You know, some of those songs get in your mind.
You know, he starts singing in the shower.
Da da da da da da da.
But, you know, over and over again.
Do it, do it, do it.
Yeah, do it, do it.
And then there's...
I like that one a lot.
Tomorrow morning in the shower, I'm going to be going, I...
I... I... I... I... I love it.
I think that's what he hopes I do.
I... I... I...
Yeah.
Maybe, but not soon, Mo.
Anyway, what am I writing down?
What's your...
How do we do this?
Take phone calls.
Now, what's your take?
Take this.
Take a dump.
We're going to have to start getting a better cuisine in here from now on.
The stuff that doesn't get my irritable bowel,
dropping those big floaters.
You know, I just... I can't deal with that.
What are you laughing about?
Those little...
The little... The ear filled away.
Holders.
No, not... No, not recently.
That's that.
I'm over that burn stuff.
By the way, burn Laxier from Burnstake House, he's still dead.
That'll teach him not to give me a freebie, you know what?
That'll teach him.
Huh?
Now, people across me, I've noticed that in my life, people across me,
very many of them, eventually, they went up with a...
A bitter end.
You too?
Yeah, and also George, the same thing.
If you mess up, if you pee on George's parade,
something evil eventually happens to you.
I have a gun.
What are you doing?
Why is he giving you the...
Oh, he's crossing me.
Did you see him crossing me?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, actually, he just said you're number uno, is what he said.
Okay, let's get serious.
Let's quit diddling around your waist and talking about a lot of important phone calls here,
like that call in Wellington, which is always a real loser.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, first of all, you're one of the most articulate guys I've ever heard of the radio.
So...
Yes, I am.
I wanted to get that out of the way.
Well, then, how come some of these people don't understand what I'm saying?
Like the guy who asked me about my hockey seats.
I have no idea.
They must be morons, but go ahead.
I got a question.
Since Israel lately doesn't give a crap, but we tell them one way or the other.
I...
I...
Yeah.
What are they going to do if we go in there?
I mean, what's the stop them from lobbing nukes over to...
There's nothing to stop them, but believe me, they're not lobbing nukes in weeks,
until we give them the green light.
Well, they play me.
Especially when they want that $2 billion year, we keep handing over like candy.
Three.
Two or three billion, whatever it is.
Three.
The way I look at it, they didn't listen to us when the last time that they sat on their hands the last time.
Right.
I fear they're not going to sit on their hands this time.
Well, I mean, it all depends on what happens.
I mean, if we go in there, which we will be doing sometime in the next few weeks,
we go in there and start attacking a raccoon.
There's a very great possibility this time that some of the erabloon ticks are really going to have a feeding frenzy in Israel.
But of course, the question at that point becomes, who do they attack, you know?
Well, if we're there...
You see what I'm saying?
Absolutely.
Now, if he starts lobbing nukes, which I don't think is the only thing he's got any.
But if he were lobbing scuds at them again, I don't think they would sit back like they did before.
But he's not having any.
I hope not.
Not that we know of yet.
Not that we know of yet.
I hope he doesn't have any.
Yeah, I'll tell those cartoons.
I'm more scared about...
I think what he's got is he's got pictures of scuds.
I'm more concerned about what Israel's going to do than what we're going to do.
Why is that?
I'm just concerned.
I think they're too busy doing more illegal settlements.
Well, they don't have a problem disregarding anything in the USS.
You know, it's interesting though when Colin Paul is on there yesterday talking about how they're...
Iraq is in violation of the UN resolution.
And I keep thinking back.
I mean, I know that they're crazy all the way around over there in the Middle East.
But how many UN resolutions is Israel as we're sitting here right now in violation of about 6,000?
Absolutely.
And have a great day.
All right.
He's worried.
See, I mean, what me worry?
If it's good enough for the President, he's got that what me worry look on his face.
Why do you know?
I think we're going to go right wing.
Just for a few weeks.
I used to spew that rhetoric.
Yeah!
Let's spew some right wing rhetoric.
It's new now.
I mean, we don't want to I'll turn over to Russia right away.
But of course the rest of your people who just run ...
The rest of our people just run in.
Well, wouldn't that be great?
Funnians?
I think we ought to start campaigning guns for everybody's exercising our second amendment rights.
Don't you?
Guns and Vibles.
Let's open a shop.
Bartles and Sons, guns and roses?
Combination, gun shop, and flower store.
I understand!
Guns and Rosaries.
Get some good German religion and a few Pansees in there, too.
Well, you know the Catholic church. I got a few pansies now. How are we outward this during the break about the occals?
What's your choice? What's your take? What's your problem?
Huh, you know, I'm saying I like they like to show better with the calls the way the way it is now
Then let's do it the way we were
Let's play some barbers dry sand music. Hey, that bitch. She makes me know. See I must be getting right away
I don't like barbers dry sand anti-submitting
Cross dyes. I just don't like the crossdye thing. I don't like her nose. I don't like her music
I can't stand her acting. She dresses really pretty. I think she ought to butt out. I don't like it when singers like her
I mean like who would I love to take her seriously anyway?
Let me say again both parties suck and that's not I'm not sucking up anybody
So I've said that for how long now for a long time and watching the Democrats just rule over and play dead yesterday
After growing cool and made his speech Ted Kennedy Barbara. I mean I find Stein Barbara Billingsley
few Beaumont
My god so Biden even the people. What is his real name Joe Biden?
Remember that I give up when he was gonna run in there while you change your name. Ah, well, I forgot setup
I mean that's a big difference
Who would do that?
Liar let me 57 and 560 WQM. Hey listen
I mean if you got a bad name man. He's not a radio star celebrity. I can't stand people that change their names
Brandy shoes believe it or not is celebrating their 25th year in business boy
That's a long time for a little independent family shoe store to be around. What's not so little anymore?
They've grown like Thompson nearly a quarter century
They've been doing a lot of things right like offering the public a fantastic unbeatable selection of Benzenwomen shoes famous brands like rock ports
Echoes of Mephisto, Timmel and Clarks, S.A.S. Floreshaim and lots more
They've got a wide range of sizes when they got teeny tiny feet or big ones
They got a big one like Tom Welling
Size is 6 to 15 in men's and women's 5 to 12 shoes and wits from the very narrow to the very wide like bigfoot
And don't forget their professional sales staff will help you pick out the right styles
And then you sit down and fit those shoes your individual feet with them too to give your friendly personal service
No matter what your feet smell like and with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot megastore
You'll almost never hear sorry mister
We don't have your size in that style
So when you need shoes this is the place to take your feet brandy shoes store where there's always a sale of special sales promotion going on
Brandy's a great place to shop for you and by the way they got a special this week that I got over here
You'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway open daily night at 9 some days 10 to 5
But all this week at Brandy's men's and women's spary bochoes are on sale
See what a great memory I got because I knew the one because that's Troy you know Troy
Troy the boy he's got he's got he's a little life challenge choice to add for all this wicked
Brandy's men's and women's spary bochoes on special sale American originals are 4990 all of those spary styles 20% off this week right now like I'm speaking at Brandy's in pompano B
We're supporting you 560
You am
The state Goldstein but you can call me Kelsey whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town
It's the 12th of one hour
No, how the Clinton spent their first night in Chapacol
Oh
I'll get it. Don't worry about it
Coming I'm coming. I'm coming. How there
Well, hello mr. President. I'm Sarah Rubin. Yes you are
My family lives in the Victorian house across the street. It's a very nice house and you have very nice legs
Well, thank you sir. And welcome to our little town at Chapacol. I hope your family will enjoy living here. I think I will
My daughter Amanda and I have pictures little welcome to the neighborhood
It's her family recipe for pineapple upside down cake. I like to take your pineapple anyway upside down sideways
Thank you mr. President. Oh my mom then
No, it was just a lady for next door
I said I'll get it. Just sit down. Shut up. What do you please?
Hey there
I can't believe well hello
Hello, mr. Clinton. I'm Elaine Krypton. Just keep your voice down. Are you the escort? No, sir
I'm sorry, but Krypton's looking at you
I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. Well, the escort's not here yet. If you want to jump on a little Charlie
No, sir. All right. Well, I'll sleep later. I'll wait
Whatever you're doing
No, it's just another neighbor you make some food or what
Oh sweet Jesus
Hey, the doorbells going crazy
Great Caesars ghost hi
It's me Monica good got all mighty. What do you think of my new bond?
What are you doing here? Well, I bought that house next door with my kitty Craig money. Oh my god
We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the year
No
Yes, 203 at 560 WM happy Thursday too. So okay the poll on Michael Jackson is basically like you'd expect
I mean there's no surprise element there right
Most everybody thinks he's a scumbag and a pedophile and a piece of crap and he just plain sucks
And we wish he'd go away. We wish he'd take the reliance and leave us
Maybe it could happen he could barclarke spaceship now that they got the octagon back. It's yeah the key the key
They got the key the brand new key like with Melanie. Here's the new poll
What we got that somewhere no, we don't go. Oh, you mean the actual song. Yeah. Oh, I know we got that
I even got it back here which version of Neil show you enjoy most now see if I left anything out
I got four choices here
Which version of Neil show you enjoy most all bedtime stories no calls
Some bedtime stories a few calls no bedtime stories all colors. Why don't care. I always let I'll always listen
Do I leave anything out torches gay now? We're not no look you had enough free publicity. I already okay for one day. Oh come on gay
We'll put that on there tomorrow. Let them think about that for a few days. Okay
Because you know George's show this is better bed sex. Yeah, we know
Which version of Neil show you enjoy most all bedtime stories no calls
Is Eric honest by the way of you are can they're concerted with him
Don't give me a blank look you better make sure that he might not be listening right now
He might just be sitting back fat and sassy
Well, we know at least part of that. I don't know how sassy is
And just assuming that hey there we go. We you know we taking care of him and we don't need to deal with that
Erics right on top of things. Okay, wish you'd quit picking on him. You're gonna make him a complex
Even though we did create enormous problems for us. Which version of Neil show you enjoy most all what he laughing about no laughing matter mr
All bedtime stories no calls some bedtime stories a few calls no bedtime stories all colors and I don't care
I'll always listen you better stop laughing or he'll start lumping you in with the
Charlie man said hey don't look me and Ted Bundy you're gonna take some lumps
You're indeed lumpy looks like we've taken our lumps now. Maybe it's somebody else's turn
Anyway, see what I was saying before
Exclusive DOJ has enough evidence to arrest steward. Oh man. Somebody just fact me this looks like a New York post
To me
Uh, is it no it's NBC news. Well excuse me. I apologize profusely confusing anybody with the New York post
News channel four has learned officials at the Justice Department. No, but that's not our news channel for it
So w and w NBC New York as learned officials at the Justice Department now believe they have enough evidence to arrest and charge Martha Stewart
Right. I told you was gonna be a great day tonight. Do you speak to Eric is he on top of it?
How about the poll?
We have a solid criminal case against Martha Stewart one just in Department official tells
NWNBC
We're told that case involves evidence of insider trading obstruction of justice
James Komi isn't the federal prosecutor charge of the overall incline investigation
In terms of what we're looking at or who we're looking at I just can't comment he be saying
But sources tell news channel four that a final decision is till two months away
We're told that Komi will make up his mind by Easter whether or not to file charges against steward
Federal sources say that right now there's zeroing in on steward's broker Peter the Cannevik
They say their strategy is to first decide whether to charge for cannabis within cider training
And if so they'll then see that if he'll cut a deal and cooperate against steward
Steward's high-powered legal team was set once again a visit prosecutors to today
And again urged them not to file criminal charges
But news channel four was told at the last minute that the mean was postponed steward continues to deny any wrongdoing
And on and on a coast
Okay, there you go Martha the water is getting hotter and hotter. She's almost at boarding temperature
Now it's time to stick to turkey in air Martha and watch it boil and maybe then baste it a little bit
And put a little stuffing in its rectum 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 and T
Yeah, I think today we're gonna like finally separate the weep from the a chaf is what we're gonna do today
Instead of just sitting here at guesswork because you know how hard it is to get any kind of meaningful response out of these people
And I still am like put off a little bit by this by the succession of not quite so
Clever callers not so well veiled about well, you know
You're very entertaining and blah blah. We enjoyed a comedy and the mo basement
But you know when you start expressing your point of view
So you're not allowed to express your point of view unless of course it's government line
I beg your pardon all those good articles that you keep reading that make all that sense
Yeah, from all those liberal publications like they got a punk that called me yesterday
Oh, well you we are you've got to do this and you're supposed to do that
I'm not supposed to do anything
I was supposed to do the show hover the hell I feel like it okay punk
Because I mentioned that the Washington Times happens to be a conservative publication
Which it is as opposed to the usual liberal stuff that I'm reading which I don't have to identify because everybody knows it
And if they're too stupid to know that then they shouldn't be listening anyway
They're not everybody up there like a knit and a rug
Playing dominoes
Playing the majong
Joining in a shuffleboard tournament with me this week
You know what he's wearing for the uh, hey go up those checkered pants. Okay, come down
Here's one that says I'm sick and tired of these people calling in fact you're commenting on the substance or tone of the show
If they're such experts why aren't they out of radio getting a million bucks?
You're enjoying 12 weeks of vacation every year that's 40 weeks and furthermore
These dumbass conservatives who've contemplated about other points of view rely on like religion and inherent fallacy in religion
That got exist and then conservatism at their point of view is valid to all of those who feel the need to come out in your program
I say FM symbolist junior that's what it says there's about a symbolist junior in parentheses
excellent facts
A former Lutheran minister was convicted of sex crimes involving boys Wednesday and sentenced to prison terms to length 397 years
excellent
jurors deliberated for 14 minutes before convicting Gerald Patrick Thomas junior 40
former minister of martyles marshals good shepherd Lutheran church
He was found guilty on tent counts including charges of aggravated sexual assault and indecency with the child
jurors then handed out maximum penalties to martial news messenger
reported no well-relations of the candidate with daily messenger
Oh there's a whole bunch of church stuff anywhere again
What do you want to do that get your good buddy Dennis all upset
my pal
Rattling his spirit in his Albert spear
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound a new poll is up okay
Let's see what's your take he's a fruitcake oh I see
I still got part part of the other one up there
What's your take on the old show he's a fruitcake well we know that
Tell us something we don't know okay get a little bit of a virginality going there
Look at all the stuff that's it's just pouring in here just oozing through this facts machine like that oozing melted cheese
We like to talk about
Where's my lunch dammit? Not's too late now you'd be a little idiot dittle around
You had that awful soup that's so bad for look at him. He's not too happy about a carlos. He's pissed off
He saw you get your stubby just get flipped you the bird again behind your back
He's not happy with it. You're not you're not buying him any faggots
Buy him a carton of faggots. I got a luna
Well, and I'm not giving any of those damn little uh
Whatever those things are cigars the little cherry cherry bombs selfish
10 past noon. No, no, those are a lot worse for them those faggots. He smokes. Are you kidding me? You don't inhale or do you?
No, but if you don't have to they oh they make you so sick your whole head feels like you're in a cloud
I'm not talking about a good cloudy like a bad cloud like a dark cloud
It's kind of like walking going into the elevator in this place
Like you feel like you're in the some kind of a dark cloud. That's because you cut one before you left
And then you look on at the permit on there and you see that it's counterfeit that thing in the elevator
You know, it's got to be bogus who who the hell would improve that elevator
Hey, if you got bogus mattress that you sleep on i mean not a guarantee your health out those bogus too you feel like crap
He would be amazed and how much difference in a way you feel every day when you've got a great name
Brand mattress to sleep on a good night sleep is so important not only your back
But just generally the way you feel take it from me
I've been sleeping on a diali mattress for years and I feel like like a teenager calls
diali mattress and get the best c-least service and kink world every size and style
What are you smirking about fill sauceman who I haven't seen in years saw me at the hockey game last night said
I can't believe how good you look for your age for being old. No, seriously. That's what he meant for being a little fart
No, he's right. I know people younger than you that look twice your age
Yeah, I know people twice my age like mo
Anyway, you got 30 days to trap the new mattress which most other stores won't even dream of doing that
You can exchange it on the first night if you don't like it
You've got unbelievable delivery deal which you get within two hours after you call or any to our winner
That's convenient for you any day of the week seven days a week even on a weekend
And then you get every day low prices that are absolutely unbeatable
And you also talk to betting consultants who know their stuff inside and out and who have the mattress you want exactly in stock
Ready for nearly immediate delivery no bait and switch no ripoffs no phony off brand names
They got only the tops in a business at dollar mattress
So if you really want to do yourself in your back a big favor gets you a great name brand mattress that'll last you for years
By making one easy call one 800 mattress one 800 MATT RES and don't forget their website mattress dot com
I
Uh
Some applauding of the Sourc mer mis
Bin engaging the fake
I'm a crikey home
Not that I minded but I'm way too old.
I bet the size about being in bed.
In a trist with peddler, my man friend did it.
I'll kiss and make up with Ginger someday.
And then ask him to rape my puns.
Over and over again.
Though I would not feel the most old.
And I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union.
Just hold him and stroke him away.
Boy, make Kelly your that my type.
Yeah, sounds like a nine year old kid.
Only a macho meldy guy.
You don't know this kid.
That makes me lift my wig.
Ginger was a lover of mine.
I'd bury my bullfist, baby nose.
Inside his pimpley rear end.
Though I would not be a sport home.
If I was not a closet of faith.
That's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel to be gay.
Everybody follow my thousand bulls.
Yeah, ginger and more gay union would make my swirl pony ass feel safe.
If we had a ginger and more gay union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
So I've 17 at 560 W.C.M.
Duff is on his way to lunch, but we hate that.
You know, guys, I get to eat whenever they feel like it.
But we're like victims in here.
We're stuck right into the chair.
We don't get to eat whenever they feel like it.
Unless, of course, George gets food brought in.
No, seriously, you're a derelicting you do to those people who spend all those costs of comments about you.
I think they had a good point.
In addition to which, I don't see that new pull up there yet.
I see he's working on it.
And I told you to be interrupting in between his breakfast.
The burritos in his whatever he has for lunch.
Lunches.
I don't want to start putting any pressure on Eric because God forbid that we should revisit those ugly, awful days.
Oh, pah pah pah pah pah pah pah pah.
Just calm down, Eric.
We don't want to press you, but I'd like to see that pull up sometime before midnight.
Okay, the new one.
The other one was a lot of fun, but you still got air.
We go.
Look at that.
Just as I said it, just like magic when the old man speaks.
He gets action.
Well, sometime.
Which version of Neil showed you enjoy best?
I guess I got a vote.
I don't care.
I always listen.
I have a choice.
I always will listen.
You know what I'm saying?
What am I going to do now?
Listen.
I can sit with the earplugs on.
Oh, and he always just popped the earplugs.
Maybe something good is coming up.
There we go.
We already got five votes on there.
Hey, he sneaked in anywhere.
I wasn't looking.
Which version of Neil showed you enjoy most?
I don't care.
I'll always listen.
Those are the people.
Well, I just voted that.
So there's two others.
We love you.
I like that.
How do you like the guy who said he was?
And didn't I tell you that?
They do that to us all the time.
All the time.
Attack us with the diaries.
You got an arbitrary undying if you don't agree with our politics.
Or if I don't toe that right wing line.
Well, I stuck at least I appreciate his honesty.
He admits that he will not listen if I express crap that doesn't agree with his viewpoint.
And so if we get a bunch of right wing fanatics like him, we've got the diaries.
To us, you know, we're screwed.
Just keep taking those calls.
But I always told you over the years that every time there's an election year,
yes, like this past November, and like the presidential election,
you'll notice every time in the fall of November, December, we take a hit.
When you see the hour by hours and they disappear at noon.
Right.
That's a hell of a hit.
They're all going over one place.
And then of course with us, they're not like forgetting about us because they're giving us a little stoch, you know,
even if they're listening.
I mean, not that those people on the right would be dishonest.
You don't understand that.
No, never.
They're good Christians.
They would never lie about things like that or withhold their or people for money.
Let's see.
Don't care always what's got to, it's got to change by now.
Okay.
Got to change by now.
Let me just refresh it one time.
Then we'll get out of business.
Take these very important calls.
Come on, refresh already.
Redoosh.
Redo something.
Man.
Don't tell me this thing is going to slow down now.
To a crawl.
To a stop.
To a halt.
Let's go.
It's only a four hour show.
What is wrong with you with this thing?
I think Carlos did something from any other room.
You see him?
He slipped that worm under the table.
It's probably crawled right out of the door and hopped into this.
Yeah.
He slipped the worm in my computer.
Give it a bite.
It was probably the same one if they were crawling around on smallville the other night.
He coughed out it.
The one that crawled into clothing.
Got her all goofed up.
This is not, oh, there it is.
Oh, no, you want to know why?
47 votes real quick.
Which version of Neil showed you enjoy most?
I don't care.
I'll always listen.
24 people.
51%.
Some bedtime stories a few calls.
13.
27 have.
No bedtime stories.
All colors.
7.
Less than 15%.
All bedtime stories.
No calls.
Only three.
So that was a very bad idea.
You had to go back to all bedtime stories.
That was a really idiotic idea.
How did you come up with that?
That was insanity.
Even Carlos, are you out of your mind?
Going back to reading that crap that boring terminal stuff every day?
What does it start?
Tomorrow.
No, we're not going to do that.
Look at the only three people.
Three people.
We can't afford to do a show with only three people.
I'm going to go home and free it.
Although the way we had this last book deck out, we did okay.
We did okay.
Some of the other shows a little on the week side.
I think three people might be in exaggeration.
56670560, pond 560 on the AT&T.
It makes you know, I had enough.
You want to kill some people.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Hey, listen, I was watching Colin Powell's dresser at the UN yesterday.
The UN?
Was he at the UN?
He was, uh, every time he saw something.
He was, uh, it was pretty chilling when he was talking about, um, you know, people said
that, why should we go to war or die right?
Well, I'd rather hit them before they hit us.
Yeah.
Fucking the Godfather.
They hit us when we hit them or however that goes.
Oh, no.
Well, I mean, I, I mean, listen to the Republicans and I listen to the Democrats.
And it seems to me the Democrats, uh, the one they're putting for next, the next president
of the United States is Saddam Hussein.
What does that mean?
I mean, well, that's what Salani told me.
56670560, pond 560 on the AT&T.
And for I, it's important to get you out of here.
You're blinded by the right by David Brock.
Go out and read it today before, before the sun goes down, I want you to read it, okay?
Speed read.
Who is it that did the speed reading courses?
Erwin Newton.
No, no, not Erwin Newton.
Yeah, what are you talking about?
You know what I'm talking about?
The speed reading, uh, thing.
Go out and do it.
Get that book.
Have somebody read it to real fast.
You know, I can read like a bull.
I'll read like lightning here.
I'll start a page one right now.
It was a scam, of course, you know.
56670560, pond 560 on the AT&T in the right of the wood.
That's what it is, Evelyn Woods.
Evelyn.
That's what it was.
See it in it was Evelyn Woods.
Erwin, it was Rosemary Woods.
Now, wasn't she the one that did the racer on the inixen tape, the 12-minute gap Rosemary Woods?
I forgot.
But this was Evelyn Woods or Woods.
Ever heard of somebody with wood.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Me, how you doing today?
Pretty good, sir.
Wasn't it Evelyn Woods?
Yeah.
Anyway.
Evelyn Goodhead.
I took it to about a go to Scotland for some business and I flew into Glasgow.
And you had, or customs was closed for the day.
Walk right through.
Come with that.
Oh, well, you know, could I have all my bazookas and grenades?
Well, they figured in Ireland.
I mean, or this was in Scotland?
In Scotland and Glasgow Airport.
Oh, maybe they were all busy on playing golf and remember they were washing their kilt.
When I flew back into Miami for my bags with an encounter and I started talking to a guy about the Super Bowl and I walked right through it.
There you go.
We're off.
Good luck to us, pal.
Have a great day.
Okay.
See you in cargo.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
5, 5, 60 on the AT&T of Verizon Marles.
You have to laugh at it because otherwise you get real scared.
You know, you get real nervous.
And I keep telling you, we got to do the best we can.
Don't let them get you down.
Don't let them get you all panicking and crawling out of the covers again.
Well, listen to when.
5, 6, 7, 0, I think right now.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
The votes are pouring in on the new pool.
I knew they would.
That Michael Jackson's small potatoes.
He'll be, you'll see that thing at 8 o'clock tonight for those who care.
We'll give a crap on 2020 on ABC.
What version of NEO showed you enjoy most?
I don't care.
I'll always listen 58.60.4%.
Oh my God.
It's enough to make you wonder.
Blow your brains out or some of these.
Of course, you know why they don't listen when Georgia's on some of them.
You stupid.
Some bedtime stories, a few calls 21, that's 22%.
No bedtime stories, all colors 11.
11.4%.
Those are obviously colors.
All right.
Probably those little Julio's down there to play grab ass during the show every day.
You know, here's what you're reading those articles.
And all bedtime stories, no calls, 6.2%.
That's pretty weak.
They hated that.
Now, why didn't you tell me that all year long?
We were going on chase on the side like a fat boy didn't tell me that.
Huh?
Might in fat boy tell me.
It's what?
It's what?
Cain Day.
You were on the walk of yesterday.
It's Cain's Day.
We never talked about the Cains.
What?
And an open mic.
What do you say?
That again, high boy.
Did he say some four letter crap?
Yeah, four letter crap.
Well, I didn't hear it.
So I now, how come you didn't dump it then?
You didn't realize muff is on a way to lunch right now.
He's probably in a car listening and heard fat boy.
No wonder his face is so red right now.
We said the fact he just walked in feet.
I can't reach the button.
Oh, me either.
I got a shorthand.
I got alligator rooms.
I got alligator rooms like rumor now.
No, sir, sir, what did he just say?
He said you're full of crap.
Oh, a big deal for crying out loud.
If anybody knows it, man.
If anybody takes one like a bullet, it's him.
Good God.
Hey, by the way, a sabre is on a way out.
Portland, Portland sabre.
Rick Jenner would like it up there.
I feel sorry for him and Miros Chutan and Stu Pettin.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
I'm sorry for the bad guys.
Hello, I'm a sponsor.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
A good girl who wants to be a media home.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I'm a big fan of the show.
She's playing affectionately for the recording connection.
She's playing affectionately for the recording connection.
She's playing HTC for the recording connection.
She's playing HTC for the recording connection.
She's been better and younger and younger and younger and younger and younger and younger is female.
She's been better and younger and younger and younger and older and older and older Police YEA und �ισinois for celebratory installation.
She's been better and younger and older and younger and older and younger and older and older and older and older, ACE Yeave know means Karts TV on her diet and geg's calibre, but for the作poor curling Beatles, Cdernia fengar scissors, Karts, twa positivo, yой hay, Cdernia fengar scissors, then Z nok com com com com com com com com mom
Breakin' this way, my bowels are losing control
Don't do it, don't do it
Feel like a roasted die
You're the burners, you'll win out my hole
Don't do it, don't do it
I gotta leave my makeup on ya
My eyes will feel like it's a fire
And I feel just like a dying preparatory roll
I got a trucker trucker for this roller.
I got a trucker trucker for this roller.
Just got a shocking voice from Tyrus and programming.
You didn't love it.
Last look wasn't particularly good like in the morning.
We got a great idea.
I want Mullen Gellie to get to a wrist out of here.
We continue to get paid to full amount of money.
But, what we're going to be doing is they can enjoy some golf and take some time off.
You know what we're going to have?
Volka Bryant is going to do both voices.
He's going to do his characters of Mullen Gellie in the morning.
And I think that might just do it.
He can be Mullen Gellie.
I suggested that to him a long time ago.
Don't you think that's a great idea?
He's going to do it.
Like that.
Like that.
1245 and 560 W.
I'm speaking of programming.
Take a look at this.
Which version of Neil showed you enjoy most?
And it's a damn good thing I took his book.
Because if I relied on George, oh brother, we would all points in the next book.
You just don't get it.
You just don't have a feel for it.
I'm feeling it.
Which version you enjoy most?
I don't care.
I always listen 94, 57%.
That's for them.
And also we ought to point one other thing out.
Because that guy I appreciate him being honest enough.
That conservative guy to say that he stabbed us enough through the heart.
With a poker in the December book.
So the people who do agree with us or the people who don't really care about my politics.
Those people need to listen a lot.
Follow my drift.
Yes.
Right.
Because we have to combat that.
The fact that when you're even the slightest bit political, especially now.
There's this whole new deal now that we're going to like goose step everybody to be politically correct.
Or we're going to like, you know, whatever.
Find any means by which to damage and destroy and the pollute, etc.
97, I don't care.
I'll always listen 57.3% out of 169.
Some bedtime stories a few calls, 48.
No bedtime stories.
All colors, 14.
A measly 8.2%.
And what you were suggesting, all bedtime stories and no calls, 10.
5.9%.
Now there is of course the possibility that the people who wanted all the bedtime stories that they're gone by now.
See after October, November, December 4 and a half months.
I don't know.
But there's that possibility that the ones who were gone, the ones who used to say, oh, Neil, this is so much better than those more odds.
Yeah, those people that didn't give a crap that our numbers were vanishing, that we run the verge of extinction.
They don't give a crap.
They're selfish.
They want me to sit there and read to them like, you know, like this.
I like you.
You know, by programming, you and your little buddy in there, you're a little whoo.
I don't say any commentary on that.
The hell he did with anything you say.
Oh, no, that was, it was Miguel, which is even worse.
He didn't like that stuff.
A good right-winger like him.
A bush-licker like Miguel.
He didn't like the bedtime stories.
That's him.
He said, the hell he said to me, he did.
Do plus it is too fake.
You're lying piece of crap.
I mean, I bring him those hockey tickets that he wants for the Ranger Game of Ceremony night.
Even though I'll be at the track, punch him out, guts out.
I might not do that.
It's the every day you were doing those.
Did he really?
Yeah.
Well, how come he didn't have the balls to tell me?
And that's the problem because nobody around here will look me in the face or even on a phone or send me a fax in.
The bedtime story sucks.
You know, I'll go back to doing a real show.
And just leave him hanging out there to dry.
When I need a little bit of ass assistance.
Any time I need a little bit of ass, I think of Miguel and right away, he, assistance said is.
And he just leaves me hanging.
But he still wants a hockey ticket.
That's sad, Miguel.
Puts.
So there you go.
Only 6.7% want all bedtime stories and all the calls.
And you were just under verge of getting me talked in that again.
Just because we had a few idiots.
So what does it start?
Now, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Key Largo, hello.
Oh!
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Good afternoon, buddy boy.
Good afternoon to you.
All right.
Are you looking at a tunnel or something?
I'm going to go off and speak your phone and there you go, buddy.
There we go.
Now talk like a guy.
Your show, your absolutely show is the best in the market.
Somebody called and said it's the best on the market.
So everybody says it's the best in the market.
At the market, yeah.
I'm a 17-year-old patriot to you.
Wow.
Capriand day.
Yes, sir.
All right, buddy boy.
We love you.
All right.
Thanks, buddy boy.
Okay.
Listen.
The Columbia.
The Shardaya.
The Shado.
Okay, it's a setback.
But remember, nothing is perfect.
Right.
And who will remember it in probably 100 years?
Good point.
Who remembers this conversation in 100?
In fact, who's going to remember this conversation in five minutes, right?
Probably nobody, but buddy boy, this time you also mentioned your blood sugar.
Yeah.
It would be around about 130 or less.
I know that.
I know that you are the person that should know that.
And I'm just telling you.
You know what it was this morning?
You said it was 180.
No, no, no.
I went home yesterday after eating all that food.
This morning it was 130.
Guess what, sir.
It says that's perfect.
Oh, there you go.
Thank you.
See you, buddy boy.
Hey, buddy boy.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
130 was 130 this morning.
Then it became accorded to and then it was like two o'clock.
No, it was 130 when it got this morning.
It should be a little lower than that.
But after eating that voluminous amount of blood yesterday, it is more...
I went home and I thought it's going to be like 350, maybe over 400,
which is like bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
182.
How did that happen?
You saw, I don't want to go back in there.
It would make me sick just recounting what I ate.
Why did I do that?
You want to know why?
Because it was good.
It was here and it was good.
And we asked for it.
Smoked like charcoal.
Those potato pancakes.
It was the only little ones.
I only had like 40 or 50 of those.
And then I had...
Oh, and a trunks of French toast.
What was that?
That was awesome.
Simple.
Man.
Corkies in Pemberpile.
Thanks again, guys.
We'll be calling on you again one of these days.
Paul the Johnson.
I'm the day of your daughter, sweating.
Selfie side.
Right.
Chunks of French toast.
Now, what would they call that?
I mean, we're...
I'm sure it's something obvious on there.
It's like you're looking at it coming to you.
Chunks of French toast.
I'll read your notes.
Chunks of French toast.
And then, of course, the brisket,
task of the tisket, we sure love their brisket.
And that half a rubin' sandwich, right?
With the bread.
Now, why did I do that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
And sandwiches with the bread.
I have the sauce and it's to the thousand-dollar bread.
Yeah, you can't...
No, I did not.
Oh, man.
Just a little bit.
They were like that.
I'm sorry.
It was damn good.
Don't be trying to tell me it wasn't good.
I loved it.
I sucked it up like it was the last one.
I love the rubin' sandwich.
I love my rubin' baby.
I love my rubin'.
A skew.
A fleen.
A rubin' skew?
He was a dolt.
Yeah, I do that.
Why is it that the politicians in this state are such a bunch of mugwams.
You know, you got Jeb Bush up there, the Jebs there.
And his wife is on there telling everybody yesterday what's wrong with her,
who are poor, dysfunctional family.
You know, the fact that she's like smuggling stuff in,
I guess you forgot about that.
The smuggler, Colombo.
All these mugwams in it, of course, we had the dead man.
What that was his name, buddy McCay.
Don Don.
What's that pit we got about the buddy McCay?
Why do you think they call it Florida?
What's the name of that pit?
It will be Brian.
You know what I'm talking about.
I do.
About buddy McCay.
What's the name of that?
I'll get with it.
We got the break.
Nine minutes before one at 5.60 WDQM.
Everybody's got a different lifestyle.
Therefore, each person needs different products to make you feel better.
And healthier too.
All you med Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins, minerals,
herbals, all kinds of other good stuff.
Scientifically, the sign of a natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs, buddy boy.
Look, we're all you meds three new formulas.
They got one of your sleep at night.
What is it?
Buddy.
Is that what it's called?
Yes, buddy boy.
They got one of your sleep at night.
Weight management and coq10.
Let me tell you, it might be important for your heart.
All you meds also got supplements to promote helping your circulatory system.
You're digestive.
You're endocrine system.
You're skin, your bones, even your mind.
All using the benefits of the finest olive oil that man can find.
Look for a grab.
And don't forget, all you med makes products for men and ladies as well.
Oliumids are an exciting new product.
More people are poppin' and they're pusher today.
You can pick some up all over town.
Find it at publics, records, whole food markets, and Walgreens too.
You get more information called oliumid tool 3 and 1866 oliumid.
That's 1866.
653633.
You can also order oliumid products online at oliumidamerica.com.
And whatever you do during dolphin season, which is only 40-50 months away,
don't forget to visit their sampling pervading at sports time every Sunday during football season.
Start feeling great today.
Start popping some oliumid in your pussy.
This is sports radio 560.
Cisco Arruka is the best radio show I am.
What time is he on?
I don't know.
Come and listen to my story by the man named Job, whose wallet was his big,
as his face he spelled up had.
He became a governor and dictator too, simply by having more money than you.
O'Neil, who in there that is, dirty deals ex-presidential dad.
In a real-goober-goober-night-torial race, the other doobers name was buddy McCay
had an ill-bidding suit and a skeletal head, and when they took his balls,
they discovered he was dead.
He was free!
That is, no brains, a backwards room.
Now, Jim represents the Christian Reich, but somehow got support from the Jewish Journal Kikes.
Now, they're all in a mass grave, very, very deep, and his wife wears a necklace of the feelings for their team.
Jewish gold melted down, of course.
The Tallahassee Millionaires.
Starring Heinrich Kimler as ship-bush, Ava Braun as Galumba,
Ariana Huffington as Granny, and Dan Burton as General Berkhalder.
The Tallahassee Millionaires.
Rough heel by Zaghan Hane.
Torn in, that was a one-night?
No.
1257 at 560, everybody come, we got the mad dog Jim Maddach standing by.
All right.
To be along at one o'clock in the studio, he don't go out and do these stupid golf tournaments.
I hope, actually he does, then.
Then he do shows like from the round.
He's into that golf crap.
Whatever.
Oh, boy, a guy, a real macho guy like him, being into golf, that's embarrassing, mad dog.
That's terrible.
Awful.
I mean, Hank being out there with royal Caribbean with those old people today,
at least they'll probably get a lot of free chow out there at the golf tournament, wouldn't you think?
I would think.
They'll bring him by some plates.
Maybe an early bird, a middle bird, a late bird, all the birds he can get his lips around.
You know, a hot rat.
He needs to eat a lot to keep that griff up.
And then we got the Panthers and the penguins in Pittsburgh.
Mario is back, by the way.
Didn't do much of the night in this first game back, who then they lose to?
Three to two?
Whoever the hell it was.
Well, at any rate, he didn't do too much.
He'll be better than night.
Unfortunately, the Panthers better be better than night, because last night they got pasted six-hipped by the Toronto Maple Leaf.
They got embarrassed and humiliated and degraded.
They gotzoinked.
They got a wopped.
Wampped.
I just mentioned that in passing.
So we got the Panthers, a penguin game 730 tonight, followed by Ed Kaplan, of course, right after hockey,
and then overnight Joe and Mark, who are going to tell you all about something.
What do they talk about besides boobs?
And race cars?
He didn't talk that auto-racing, does he?
On that show?
I hope.
No, it'll be sad.
Please tell me no.
Please, I know he's into that, but I like harness racing too, and I don't talk about that on the air, because nobody else does.
I accept Derek and Fat Rich.
Spend a lot of time talking about Lucius Poussay.
I would watch myself if I were you.
I wouldn't much start getting carried away.
Leave the Lucius Poussay discussion to the morning show, okay?
That's their character.
We'll stick with Fat Rich, something a little bit more on the mellow side.
Let that worry about Lucius Poussay, okay?
Anyway, how's that pull coming?
I'm so delighted you asked.
Which version of Neil's Show to you and Joe?
What time did he finally get this on air?
It was pretty late, wasn't it?
Huh?
Wasn't that a long show?
No, it was a lot later than I think about two minutes ago.
194 votes.
Which version of Neil's Show to you and Joe?
I don't care.
I'll always listen to 106.
54.6 over half of the people.
We can see it and go, I'm a little bit like that.
And they would still listen to that and Joe had a great time doing it.
In fact, they'd start going, like that.
Maybe we can have the head instead of the ditto heads?
What do you think?
Let's do it.
Alright.
Some bedtime stories, a few calls, 59.
No bedtime stories, all colors, 15.7.7%.
Pretty weak, if you ask me.
And all bedtime stories, no calls, 14.7.2%.
So what did we learn today on this show?
We learned, don't ever.
Whatever you do, don't ever listen to George.
Okay, that glovel of a little...
Bye, bye, bye!
The Neil Rogers Show on 5-Sick TV, will you QA?
I might be for learning.
That damn fat guy, I can't stand him.
