Good.
But isn't that right, Bobby?
No.
She doesn't have it.
That's not true at all.
Don't you?
You don't have a penis.
It's an underdeveloped penis.
That's what I was told when I was a small child.
Bobby, isn't it the fact that it's really your face?
You were told that small child, you said that you were a himafridite.
I was told a lot of things when I was a small child.
So were you lied to you, Bobby?
I don't think I was lied to about my past.
No, not yet.
Did you live your life in your early informative years as a woman?
Yes.
And it is totally...
It is totally my whole life.
What'd she say?
How?
I...
I...
I...
I was a wonder...
I'm a very athletic person.
I've always been a jeans and t-shirt type girl.
I wonder when it could unclose if I looked like a dike.
I wonder if I...
Well, the way I wear my hair, people are going to think I'm a dike.
Yes.
I wonder what people are thinking about me.
I wonder how may hell did I let this happen to me?
How did I choose to look like this?
If I win, P-A-Y, S-U-C-K-S-O!
Everybody do dog, sympathy A.
Peter Jennings has a real good to pay.
When we do makeup, covers are gray.
Everybody do dog, eaters.
Okay.
Whistle while you work, Barbara Walpheus has a cork.
Oh, I insist her little list dries all the guys the circus.
Whistle while you talk.
I hold, I he, time for NYPD.
See Dennis friends take off his pants, I hold.
I hold, I hold, I hold, I hold.
Where's David Caruso?
Come to Smith's Caruso's store, I hold, I hold.
I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay, I pay.
I couldn't agree more than 903-560 W to QM.
I just found some stuff this morning that was sitting there.
And I haven't played that one about 20 years, at least.
And then that Herado thing, you know something we like Herado back in the old days.
When he was really being Herado, a real jerk, a real asshole.
And exploiting human misery for a while.
You've really started taking himself so seriously running over to Afghanistan with a little pea shooter or his, whatever he's got.
What an idiot.
Is that what he's calling it?
A little pea shooter is what he's got.
Squirt, Squirt, Herado.
Anyway, so it's big of a pea shooter, who is that bimbo that everybody run up and down the hallway this morning?
The bad loretta.
Don't you know?
Don't you know?
He's got a tiny ass.
Yeah.
And?
And what's her story?
Do you tell me?
No, I mean, did you see her?
No.
So in other words, her story must not be too much.
I'll tell you she must have some story because Miguel was in here squeezing it.
He was like jumping up and down, hyperventilating, humping the door knob over there.
What is that all about?
Well, they know he's got all about.
She used to be the way in Newy-cho.
He was like, and they actually worked together.
And then Scroan, who of course, anytime any sex spot comes in here of any variety,
he's marching a whole, a sales staff up and down the hall.
Both of them.
Well, there aren't too many left anymore.
You don't understand how I know.
Yeah.
It was a short parade.
So anyway, Muff opens up the door with his luck just as I'm playing this thing here.
Everything in his room has been dicked with over the weekend.
And we know, just they won't stop.
Must've been the power outage, even though that doesn't turn knob.
No, that doesn't turn knob.
And it certainly don't change the bank on the 360 clearance.
But thanks for your mind check.
That's all accounts.
Now I can go home.
Clarence is the best.
You know what I've always said that about him, even though we can't get laid.
How about, what's your name?
Tristan.
Trista.
Whenever the hell are name is.
Not so in other words, she's not so hot as what you're saying.
I don't know.
I've never seen her like the person.
Well, if you thought she was hot, you'd have been the first one in the hall where you'd not been
got right on the goddamn floor.
Right.
And you'd never made a move from that chair.
So that tells me a lot of the fact number two that she was a QM QD.
Yeah.
That tells me everything I need to know about as cute as Carlos's ass.
Oh, God.
What are those words?
Hands selected by Sam.
You know.
Why did you have to ruin my week?
George wants to apologize.
By the way, for a lot of crap that he said last week on the air.
I will like it to you.
I got another great book, by the way.
I don't know why I waste my time giving all these books out on the air because I don't know if anybody ever reads them.
You think that they ever do?
No one.
Anybody?
No one.
One.
Not one.
Come on.
Somebody call and tell me you once bought a book that I recommend it on the show.
Just take that back.
People call all the time about the farewell to God.
Right.
Must have given up.
Then he had the nerve to go ahead and dying.
The nerve.
Not unless I'm taking him out.
That must be it.
But blinded by the right, if you haven't read this book yet by David Brock, oh, and by the way, my good friend Lynn, I hate to write the new book she already sure knows.
That he outsmist drudge in here toward the end of the book.
I mean, big time.
It's like nothing that's any surprise.
But I still don't understand that.
It's like Jews for Hitler, self-hating fags, right wing fags.
I don't get that.
But anyway, got another great book.
Boy, it is freezing in here.
It doesn't say it on the thing in there.
But aren't you a little chilly when I came in here, but I thought it was just me.
And Carlos is always cold because of that nutrition.
Oh, there's something in the year here.
Now, remember on Friday, they were pumping into poison gas.
And I think today they got to crank that big time.
Maybe that's why they had everybody who was in here, dicking around all weekend.
They must have the door wide open for the crew that was in here.
Anyway, here's a great book.
What liberal media is the truth about bias and news by Eric Olsson?
Hey, Bernie Goldberg.
Let me say one thing about him.
He's an asshole.
Did I tell you?
For our Goldberg and CBS news.
I guess nobody ever took Bernie seriously enough.
He usually do all those puff pieces.
So he had to decide to spill the beans about the liberal media.
Well, it's nonsense.
This book is great.
Eric Olsson.
In fact, there's a chapter 13, the really conservative media.
I might actually read like one page.
Oh, don't be reading on here again.
Why the hell not?
I don't see anybody calling to say that they bought a book that I recommended.
WQAM.
Hello?
I don't tell me the phone is screwed up too.
That would be the ultimate.
There you go.
What do you mean there I go?
Oh, well, it wasn't on?
Well, there's nobody on there now.
Well, not all of the buttons were on.
Hello?
WQAM, Ola?
When is this?
Maybe they need to press their buttons too.
Come a thigh.
Okay, they're not there anymore.
That was my fault.
It was your fault for whatever, so whoever dick with the board in there.
And no matter how many times we say this, if they just, you know, between clearance and muffin,
literally like that,
lock the doors, put a padlock on there, keep these assholes out of here.
Okay?
I heard it was Vlad was in here, dicking around with stuff.
I don't even know who the hell that is.
Which one is Vlad?
Vlad is the black one.
Oh, well.
What can I say about that?
See, you're starting up with that again.
That's what color his skin was.
I asked you how you know which one he is.
I don't know which one he is.
Oh, he's our token here.
I could've said he's the really good dancer.
Let me say it again.
Blinded by the right, all of that stuff about Anita Hill, the clearance Thomas business,
this book is just unbelievable.
I mean, it comes right out, David.
Rockin tells you it was all a freaking lie.
All the stuff about the Arkansas troopers.
The Arkansas project, as they call it, was all bull crap.
So when I sit here and I tell you not to name by in this audience,
cares about the right-wing conspiracy
and about the fact that they've taken over the media and they've stolen the government,
it's the truth, but nobody cares.
You're just liking it up, liberal fight.
Right, you're right.
You're onto me.
Get off.
Anyway, we had the poll about the infomercials on Friday.
That was a horrible poll and I apologize profusely, but it was Carlos's idea
because he had that big list of infomercials and he's an infomercial junkie.
So I apologize.
Don't ever let me get talked into another poll by him.
He's a punk.
So we took that off of there.
And late Friday, I called Eric and we f-faxed over to him another poll.
Sneak one in Nirania.
Look at that. A thousand and three votes on the sneak poll.
That's pretty good.
What are you going to do to respond to the orange, high terror alert
that was issued? It says today, but of course, that was on Friday.
Besides scream a lot.
That's another alternative.
Absolutely nothing different.
454, 45.2%.
I don't buy it. It's part of the war scenario.
268 skeptics out there, 26.7%.
Screw my brains out while I still have time, 119.
Run in circle, scream and shout 84.
I got good choices on here.
Hide under the bed 44.
Stay home a lot 16.
No flights 14.
No long trips of any kind 4.
So the last three categories there is only 34 people out of over a thousand.
So I don't think they're buying it.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
WDQA.
They're not there.
Maybe there was somebody who once bought a book.
WDQA.
I am.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey Neil, I want to call and let you know that I'm part of the Neil book club.
Great.
I'm going to put that Oprah bitch to shame.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, you do anyway.
The first one you recommend a while back was official and confidential about J. Edgar Hoover.
Yeah, Edgar Hoover, right.
And then the second one was a shake down.
I'm not quite finished with that one yet.
You're still shaking it?
Yeah, I got about a little more than halfway through, but it's wow.
It's very interesting.
Blinded by the right man, David Brock.
Trust me if it's the only book you ever buy again in your life.
That's my next one after I finish a shake down after I finish shaking it down.
Okay.
Take care.
Thanks.
There you go.
See, I told you they all in a night and not one, not one.
Man, you're just a, oh, and speaking of, uh, stuff being hidden and buried in about the press.
Page 14A in the Sun Central.
I don't fight it all in the Harold.
Terrorist, the alleged tyrant who's saying still a hazy.
And the last paragraph, oh yeah.
And the last paragraph says they also pointed out the need to the Bush administration or the British government has produced direct evidence of Iraqi involvement with the Al Qaeda terrorist attack.
Network.
Oh, see, there was one of the polls that keeps showing all of these polls.
The one that counts that they showed over the weekend.
Who do you, I don't know which one it was, but who cares?
Who do you trust more on Iraq?
Colin Powell or George W. Bush?
Bush had 24% Colin Powell 63%.
That's why they tried to demotter before the win last week.
It isn't a question of substance, if you can say that word.
It's a question of, you know, it wasn't a message.
It was a messenger.
Say, right.
I mean, he wouldn't lie to us, wouldn't he?
Of course not.
No, thank you.
And he wouldn't make him an offer he couldn't refuse either.
Love it after 9 at 5.60 W.D.Q.M. Happy Monday to you.
We're going to try to recover, put all the pieces of this studio back together.
We're going to get in spite of the fact that nobody in this place will extend a helping hand to us on that.
But I got my check in my pocket.
And that's the only reason I came in today.
I thought I'm not happy to see everybody here today, but I'm got my check in my pocket.
And I'm on the way to the bank right now.
Got that one with a straight face.
Yeah.
Here's the tallie, okay.
Assoles.
Great, guys.
What women really wanted Valentine's Day is for you to put a little thought and creativity into your gift.
This year, express yourself in a fun and original way and say it.
Would they Vermont Teddy Bear?
Just call 1-800-829 Bear and a friendly bear.
Council will help you choose from over 100 bears, hand-cracked in Vermont, and delivered in a colorful gift box.
With a free card and chocolate.
Tell her she lights your fire with a new burn-in lovebeard, dressed like a hunky fireman.
Would love to add to on his arm.
And boy, there's nothing like a hunky fireman.
Or say I'm wild about you with a jungle lovebeard.
They even have an officially licensed lovebeard tender Elvis Bear.
Sending it for Vermont Teddy Bear is a creative personal alternative to flowers.
It'll be around long after Valentine's Day to remind her of you.
If you'd like send a bear to the office or a co-worker's can see how thoughtful and romantic you're posturing and pretending to be.
Over night in Valentine's Day delivery still guaranteed over a known day.
You got a lot of time.
It's the 10th.
Call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at Vermont Teddy Bear.com.
This year, be sure and say it.
With a Vermont Teddy Bear for Valentine's Day, be sure and tell him old Neil Tordy to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
And look all this is 4205-60.
You ain't too way.
It play like men and they look like women.
Blinded by the ride.
Bamboo, some thy duchy bags, the pixie more a ride.
Blinded by the ride.
I felt like a douchebag because I knew they were a ride.
I know you may not understand what I did or who I am.
Most of you don't read any books.
So let me introduce myself.
Neil Tordy, I was a well respected hard-right man and trusted by high-level snooze.
I used to have a powerful, Republican position, high up on a poor ground.
The Holy Christians were in systems that I had as red-adventive with any means that could be found.
You ain't seen I had a nervous breakdown.
All titles blinded by the ride.
Bamboo, some thy duchy bags, the more a pasty bag, blinded by the ride.
I felt like a douchebag because I knew they were a ride.
I had admission to the parties from my moralistic Christians that are in there, treating it on the road.
Why's that a rexic-pondic sister and cult, they're raising posters, giving power balls a tongue?
My job was to welcome news to the right wing.
Point of view, people might be easy to sway.
And now the hatred that I spewed about minorities and bankers used make me want to prove to you today.
I knew they didn't say I was gay because I was blinded by the ride.
Bamboo, some thy duchy bags, the pasty moral, blinded by the ride.
There was an cult that she was naked on her paws with two gas-taken her.
Dog-star.
I'm 18 at 5.60 W.D. Q.A.
And so I wasn't in Tristan?
Trista.
Trista, why do I keep saying Trista?
I don't know.
Does it really make a difference?
No.
She was a Q.A.M. Q.D., so obviously she must have been really well anyway.
What are you laughing about?
I don't know what you looked like.
I'm not going to take his word for it.
Maybe she's a real hot number.
And when you're down here, you want to see all these people marching up and down the hall.
But they also marched up and down the hall to see Ron Jeremy, too.
Right.
Maybe she was Harry.
Trista.
Maybe she's got a Harry bag.
I'll ask him to go.
In fact, maybe she and Mo are rubbing her bags together since he's got a sexy bag, according to what Scrooan.
By the way, Scrooan, you left this big black instrument in my studio here.
Get it out of here.
There are things crawling around on it.
Anyway, here's our poll for today.
We'll get around to it.
I'm a little bit, I don't know, fog either day, you know what I mean?
It was foggy when I drove into work this morning.
Maybe that has something to do with it.
Maybe.
I feel like I'm in a fog.
Which of these things should we be most concerned about?
Six choices for you.
Listen very carefully.
Michael Jackson's a bad dad.
Michael Douglas has a new movie.
Michael Jordan will retire.
Again.
Ward, Terrorism, and Bloodshed.
What happened to the Columbia or who'll be the next American Idol?
There are your six choices.
I think that's a great poll.
If you ask me, you're going to have to put your thinking cap on.
Don't you find that difficult?
No, yeah, I'm going to struggle with all that.
Which of these things should we be most concerned about?
Michael Jackson's a bad dad.
Michael Douglas has a new movie and of course with Catherine Zeta Jones.
Of course.
Michael Jordan will retire again.
Although we shouldn't probably put Michael Jordan on there because it's just Michael.
Michael, if I hear one more sports there on this radio station talking about Michael,
I'm going to crap in my pants.
It's MJ.
Oh, no, it's not.
It's Michael.
Oh.
What the hell do you know about it?
I heard him say it.
Ward, Terrorism, and Bloodshed.
What happened to the Columbia or who'll be the next American Idol?
So, the muff tells me that it was Joe Kostellah that keeps coming in here.
He also gets in this room.
You would say that on the air.
And he always calls or leaves a really hostile mind.
I don't care what he denies.
Who the hell else was in here?
First of all, air everything in here was like we said.
I'm sitting here playing in the beginning like always in the audience is wondering what's going on?
Are we don't hear?
Yeah.
This audience gets mad out of shape if they don't get enough of it.
Yes.
Okay, although the way things are going.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't like people to get nervous, but the way things are going, the old gas could be something we'll pass on.
And I'm not hearing anything.
Because everything in here has been dicked with over the weekend.
There's no reason for anybody to be in this room.
Is there?
No, but.
There was.
But.
But.
But they do anyway.
They just don't care.
Who do you trust most on Iraq?
Colin Powell, 63% George W. Bush, 24%.
That was a nationwide pull.
Not only does it say that they trust Colin Powell because he looks very sincere and he's a very articulate speaker.
And he never stood afraid.
He's got a reputation as being more level headed, not one of those hawks.
Not part of that hawkish crew of Wolfowitz Pearl, Cheney and Rumsfeld.
But also because of the fact that Bush has only got 24%, that to me is the more telling number in that pull.
Do you see what I'm saying?
In other words, the public, even though they want to come right out and say it, they're kind of like saying,
the movement like that.
Right?
You see him on TV and you start going, the movement like that too.
Colin Powell, you see him on here, the, hey, there's a guy who can actually speak.
He looks lucid.
By comparison.
Let me see which one I'm going to vote.
This is a tough choice on the pull.
Let's see, he'll be the next American idol.
I don't want to watch that show.
Okay, I voted.
The new pull is up there.
Let's get about 50,000 votes on there.
Terrorist alleged tired of who's saying still hazy.
That's on page 14 in the Sun Sentinel.
They, it didn't make the hero.
They didn't discover that.
Several intelligence officials who are somewhat skeptical of Powell's analysis emphasized that Zerkaui might not be a member of Al Qaeda at all.
He has not pledged allegiance to Bin Laden said when he was official.
They also pointed out that neither the Bush administration or the British government has produced direct evidence of a Iraqi involvement with the terrorist network.
I don't want to start getting too heavy due to here, too Newsy, you know what I'm saying, but it is buried on page 14 there.
And we certainly don't want to be intimidated by anybody.
Do we want to be intimidated?
No, not me.
Do we want to be called unpatriotic, something like that.
Do we want American people pointing the finger at us to say, you weren't on board.
We want everybody to be on board on this.
That's right.
And you were like not part of the game plan.
You were part of the problem. That's right.
We're running around and drag wearing heels.
WQAM.
Yeah, what is it?
I don't read anything. Do you recommend?
What do you say?
He reads everything I recommend.
Well, don't call me with a mouthful next time, whatever is in your mouth, which I, that's not even guess what it might be.
He reads everything I recommend. How do you like that?
I do.
I didn't say that we have somebody who's a great articulate speaker out there who reads the books I recommend.
Just because he's got a much mouth, I guess.
He probably was right in the middle of breakfast.
56670560.
The really conservative media.
Page 225 by Eric Alterman.
What liberal media? The truth about bias and those.
Bernard Goldberg. You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
I wouldn't waste one second reading that crap that he wrote.
What an ass grace.
An idiot.
I mean, you read these two books simultaneously side by each.
And then you're really, then you really know what else is going on here.
And even though I've been talking about it for months, not that any of you people out there paying attention to it,
but it's one thing to say it.
It's another thing to have the evidence to prove right in your hand.
You know what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
I'm saying they're full of crap between Rush Limbaugh and Ann Coulter and all of these other right-wing lunatics.
They're all full of crap. This all can try. Just lie after lie. Just make it up.
Hillary murdered this one. Bubba did this.
Oh, I saw him lie to that. And Larry came.
Let me show that again.
Made me weep.
Yeah.
It made me weep.
I was thinking to myself to paraphrase that line from the Godfather.
We used to have Bubba look what we got now. That's what I was thinking.
Yeah, you fight.
It's like that flanderer.
Yeah, yeah.
All of that crap from before he even got elected.
They were looking to do all of this stuff.
Oh, and also by the way, speaking of one of the biggest phonies of them all,
Kenny Star.
Oh!
What's his bag?
Remember when he ran into James Carville in the airport there in Atlanta?
He said, I'm going to get your boy. Watch out. I'm going to get him.
I'm going to get your boy.
Yeah.
The independent council.
Ken of Star.
Huh.
All the years that we got dragged down and we got like sidetracked and had a waste
about whether the president got a blowjob.
Who put the stain on the blue dress? Was it with Mitch Ryder?
All of that crap.
He was already going out there.
And in the meantime, we could have been taking care of business. You know what I'm saying?
He started.
We could have been taking care of real business as opposed to this crap.
Not only his right wing lunatics were doing just to bring down Bubba.
That's what it was all about.
And then when they couldn't witness last election, they found a way by hooker by crook.
See, huh?
So when I tell you that we had a bloodless coup in 2000 and people like laugh,
oh, that kneels really fine.
I mean, there's nothing funny about it at all. It's tragic because that's exactly what happened.
By the fin- what used to be labeled the fanatical fringes of the Republican Party,
the ultra-right wing lunatics who now have become the Republican Party and who now control this country.
But I just mention these things in passing. I don't want to darken your weak.
Gee, thanks.
Especially since we're under Orange Alert.
I don't want to get you all nervous and upset.
I was thinking now that they've got the video, the CNN,
now at least there is a little variety.
MSNBC puts it on the bottom right of the screen.
I don't know where Fox puts it. They can stick it up their ass because I don't watch them.
Oh, and there's some good stuff in here about great stuff about Fox and Rupert Murdoch in the Zero-Colderman book.
But nevertheless, and CNN puts it on the left.
Terror alert high.
I'm thinking, well, that's a good start.
They've got the orange thing above the CNN logo, but I'm thinking maybe a little audio.
Just to keep people on their toes since we're supposed to be have that extra level of
awareness.
Maybe that's why everybody was running up and down the hallway.
Maybe it had nothing to do with what the hell her name was.
What was her name?
Trista.
Trista. Maybe it had nothing to do with Trista. Trista. Trista.
What her name was? Maybe they were running up and down the hall because she was under Orange Alert.
Think about it.
26 past nine and five, 60 WQM.
Think about this. The fat one was in here on Friday and what is he pissed me off?
The beast.
You're a something beast.
I hope you listen right now.
You're a big disappointment to all of us.
You know how much more he lost on the balance for life?
One pound, right.
Exactly. That's what he said.
He held up one finger, which is either an indication of the number or it's a message to you beast in it.
You know something? This is our last. This is an ultimatum.
We're going to cut you off.
And if you don't get with it, we're going to give Zach the food.
And by the way, you people in the morning show talking about the Atkins, that what you know about Atkins, you could stick up your ass.
About how Zach got sick because he was doing that.
Zach got sick because he probably had like 24 cheeseburgers and 16 sirloin steaks over the weekend.
Probably a little overdoing it.
Okay. The meat and the cheese and the cheese and the meat.
Zach.
Either that or like I said, he probably had like sores on his back.
Can't imagine where they came from.
Anyway, if you want to lose the weight, get with the real weight loss program balance for life.
This is especially good.
Well, a beast isn't doing that bad. He's lost almost 50 pounds. That's not chop liver, huh?
Right. Although I don't think they do bring a chop liver on balance for life.
Sometimes I've had it. You have?
Sure. Like I said, you might if you like chop liver, pick it. They give you a little menu.
And you choose between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program.
When I say each meal, there are five, three meals and two snacks.
And you don't have to shop. You don't have to count calories or carbs or figure anything out.
Because balance for life delivers right to your door by six o'clock every morning.
That little black sack. And that's the key to losing weight.
Little black sack rhymes with Zach and back three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks all made from fresh delicious goodies.
And that's all you have to eat all day.
And the weight just pours off your body. Like I said, the beast even though he's been really...
He's just a piece of crap. But he's lost almost 50 pounds and you can do a lot better because you'll stick with it.
But balance for life, help you lose that weight for real this year. It's a delicious way to do it.
Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29.
9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29 or you can check them out at Work at Worldwide Web at balanceforlife.com.
My life and look all this is for 305-6-1-Q-A-2-A.
Lee Cow, Aaron's coming.
I was standing there one day, not thinking I would die. From being able to make do do do.
I should never eat things all alone. A big back must be trapped inside my bowels.
I'll give you time from infected parts.
You let these butcher doctors in. Now my heart stops. You shouts at Sinai for my intestines out.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami. With the kind of service you've given this town.
I would have been able to leave tomorrow. If I didn't eat that grass I swallowed.
Why can't you let me so you can ask? Why can't you lose us? Get it right. My bowels were blocked.
Inside my hearty can't make my turd go out.
It's good time. It's good time. It's good time.
It's good time. It's good time.
934-560-W-Q-M-Hapy Monday 2. Here's a fast muse of Kenny who's really on a ball this morning unlike Eric.
Eric must be a little out of the weather because it says tell whoever to get it right. There's no A in bloodshed.
I look on a pool. He's got blood's head. Blood's he'd.
Get that A out of there you idiot. Eric, come on. Let's get with it.
Blood's he'd. Man. Here's a fact from Fred which is one's dubious at best.
You can't debate. You can only name call. Not convincing. Finally we get one or two conservatives in the media.
And you call the whole media conservator. Well that inspires me to read this one.
Page I was going to read anyway. One or two conservatives. Right.
The media conservative media says Eric Alderman. One reason that many people including some liberals believe the myth of the liberal media is that they don't know how it's still.
It's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it's not just that it
It's not just about how an influence that exceeds their already considerable circulations.
As we've seen in earlier chapters in this book, he says nefarious political operatives, masquerading as journalists, helped turn the clintons on profitable $30,000 investment
in a failed savings in loan in a way politically paralyzing $70 million constitutional crisis.
But they couldn't have done it without the full cooperation of such mainstream media outlets is the Washington Post and ABC news, which have grown increasingly cowed by false complaints of liberal bias, and hence progressively more sympathetic to the most outlandish conservative debate.
of complaints.
When Washington Post House reported John Harris noted that he and his fellow White House
correspondents were proving far more sympathetic to the conservative George W. Borshten
and ever-bending liberal Bill Clinton, he chose as his main culprit conservative interest
groups, commentators and congressional investigators who beginning in 1993, Wage Day Remorseless
campaign, that they hope would make life miserable for Clinton and vault themselves to power.
This moment had been in the works for decades and it helped turn the tide of Washington
into a conservatism as early as 1978, when Jimmy Carter was forced to switch directions
in mid-presidency and embrace a host of measures that he had previously found to be anathema,
but during the previous decade and have conservative interest groups had grown more, both
more powerful and more conservative, outpacing liberals at first ensuing and eventually exceeding
in many cases the resources of the Old Establishment.
Liberals have no such movement, not a fraction of the money, and what troops they do possess
can both much less organizational discipline than enjoyed by the right.
As Harris noted, the left lacks the ability, if not the inclination to weave all manner
of presidential misuse, misjudgments or controversial decisions into a fabric of a lead scandal.
As a result of the context created by the conservative warriors Harris argued, stories like the
travel office firing, claimed for weeks instead of receding in the yesterday's news,
and they colored the prison through which many Americans not just considered an idea
logs viewed Clinton, and then it goes on about the cocaine thing with George W. and
about how that was just viewed as a blip on a radar scheme, all the other good stuff.
Great book, What Liberal Media, the Truth About Vice in the News, Eric Ultraman writes.
I just mentioned that in passing. Oh yeah, we can't debate it. We're not here to debate it.
We're here to state it, not debate it, okay? Fred, we don't have to debate it because it's a fact.
There's nothing to debate. All the liberal talks, all the ha- let's see, we got G Gordon Litty,
Olly North, Rush Limbaugh, Schmeck Direct, whatever his name is there, Schmitt, whatever
what they call him this week. What's the, I don't know what the guy's name is, the real
right-winger, or the Mark Sampton, or whatever. I don't even know what his name is, Shinebomb.
No, not Mark Shinebomb, the syndicated guy. You got Alice Red Tell, the self-hating fag.
You can go down the list. Who are they? The whole Fox News Network, Tony Snow,
which if you read this book, you'll find out the background of all these people
worked on the Reagan and Papa Bush administrations.
Ritt Hume, O'Reilly, the whole bunch of them. But I just made it up. I can't debate it,
says Fred, another one of them. Another one is Goose Stepping Lemmings out there.
Which of these should we be most concerned about to pull today? War, terrorism, and bloodshed,
nice going, Eric got it straight out right away. 63. He better get it straight now. I'll have
Carlos Callum again. Who'll be the next American Idol 14? Michael Douglas has an Obo. It would
just change it again. Come on. Michael Douglas has an Omovie 4. Is that the one with Katherine
Zeta Jones? The Chicago movie? What happened at Columbia, the Columbia 2? Michael Jackson's a bad
dad one. And Michael Jordan will retire again. Oh, none, the big O. Well, that's something because
other than Tristan, Tristan, and Kristen, whatever her name was. That's what they talked about all
morning this morning on a morning show was Michael, Michael motorcycle all morning.
All morning. Aren't you concerned about Michael Jordan? And the fact you only got 20 points in
the All Star game? Somehow I missed that last night, the NBA All Star game. Somehow,
you're supposed to have called me and reminded me. Oh, I'm sorry. I even watched a couple of
minutes of the rerun of a small bill. Brought a tear to my heart when Red Rock fell out of
his shirt pocket. I'll tell you that. Just when we're starting to get good. And his rock fell off.
21 till 10 at 560 WQM. Happy Monday to you. We got bad news for today, boys and girls.
We got a red alert. Not the one that nationwide. The QA and Red alert. You know what it is? What?
Joseph Gacky's on for mandates today.
Hard worst than anything Tom Ridge could warn you about. Good man, Joseph Gacky. But in fact,
maybe you want to set your alarm for three o'clock. Wake you back up again. When the Humber
comes on, Hank will be doing a show at Schulis State too today. At Brainstead,
most take two. Hercun hotline at seven. A big, uh, oh, at eight o'clock, at 8 o'clock,
at 8 o'clock, at 10 from GA and Joe and Mark overnight to the six who just leave this,
who trash the studio mercilessly. Day after day night. You have to look at the phone. He can
deny it all he wants. It's them. If it isn't them directly, it's their people. It's going on
under their watch. You know what I'm saying? Right. Under their watch, which they must not be watching.
They're watching something. Now I'm sure they are. Just like you and Carlison are watching,
you know, blind date or whatever it is all every day. That's 730. Well, whatever else comes on
after blind date. Jerry. What? Jerry. Jenny. Jerry and Jenny. That's right. And Oprah.
And guiding light and Dr. Phil guiding light and the prices right and Dr. Phil. Yeah.
And Ricky and Ricky, uh, Lake, Ricky and the lake. I'd like to toss that bitch.
Like Ricky. It would bring the lake. God. Is she disgusting or what? Now that Rosie's gone,
they moved her up several notches. Ricky and the lake. 20 till 10 at 560 WQM. If you're not feeling
too good this morning, maybe you sleep out on a really crappy mattress. Maybe it's worn out.
Maybe once upon a time it was, it was okay. But now it blows. Well, the answer is,
get you a great new name, Brad mattress from our friends, our pizons at Dilemma.
Because they carry the finest mattresses ever made in the history of the human race. And even if
the end of the world is coming, walk that away to go up and, you know, in good comfort on the nice
mattress, right? Right on. Excellent. Good for hiding under two. Seely, Sertis, Simmons, King,
Corl. They got every size, every style in stock. No bait and swish. Exactly the mattress you're
looking for. They got right now ready to deliver right to your door whenever you want. And you've got
30 days to try it out in your home with the best comfort exchange policy ever heard of in the world.
Delivery like we tell you is unbeatable. You pick the day seven days a week to our window when
it's convenient for you. And like I said, prices every day unbeatable prices on the top mattresses
in the world. So if you're a schmuck, you'll go out and waste a lot of time and money in the bedding
and departments through as if you're smart like us. You'll call 1-800-Matrus. That's all you do
is make one easy call. You'll be there in no time at all. For a great night's sleep tonight and
for months and years to come, call them right now 1-800-Matrus-MAT-R-Y-S for dial
and I'm out of stock. I gotta post the best. I'm on me. It's on time. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. Come on.
So long, Hey Joe. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. Come on. So long.
Let it be written when Carlis writes the history of the human race,
that a time when we're concerned about the North Koreans and about the Iraq attack and
big Mac attacks and nuclear proliferation and all this other stuff, that the human race is busy
that we're obsessed with Michael Jackson. What does that tell you about us? Ed Michael Jordan.
No, they don't care about Michael Jordan. He doesn't have any votes. Only our morning sugars about
Michael, Michael, motorcycle. Thank God for Christa, Christa, whatever her name was, you know?
On and on and on. We had Michael Jordan inside out, upside down, up your ass on your plate.
Man, here's my email from Lynn Sandwells in New York who says, well, they need to get support for
this war as another attack on a homeland, preferably chemical biological or maybe a dirty bomb that
can be immediately linked to Sodom. And I live in ground zero, she says, happy Monday from New York.
Poor Lynn, I get out of there right away, Lynn. I want you to get nervous. I would get out of there
right away like now. Don't get on the subway. Take a taxi right to the airport and go to like where
she'd be saved. Like, it's connected. It's not that far away. Huh? To the airport. All I can say,
don't put the airport. Get in a limo. Red a car. Red a car west and head well west, southwest,
northwest. There you go from New York, Northwest. Right. Lickety split. Elmira would be good. Binghamton.
Binghamton will be excellent. I guarantee that I could have school with anybody in Binghamton. Not
Quebec. She's not going to be crossing no borders. Okay. Don't stick her up there with those freaking
frogs. Speaking of New York, I don't want to get her panicky or anybody else. This is in the New York
post yesterday. Suspected terrorist operatives have vowed to strike underground at the heart of
where they savored their last great victory. Sources told the post on Saturday. Don't get nervous,
Lynn. And don't ride the subway. Officials believe that two frightening phases picked up on a
phrase is picked up on a number of overseas phone intercepts indicated an attack on the New York
City subway system and it's thousands of miles of tracks and tunnels may be coming. The latest
threats are part of a prompted defense to raise the terror threat alert to high risk orange on Friday.
Bomb sniffing dog. If you tell me it's not cool to hear, maybe it's just me. Okay, the
temperature says it's not either. I've gotten pneumonia. I'm generally colder than I should be. That's
why I wear this thing. Right. But today doesn't feel any different. Monash Dhanahalallah.
Jose. Well, you're not in this room though. Right. Or maybe it's just blowing it. This
situation. Hold her in here. Maybe along with all the other shenanigans they pulled. Maybe they've
got the event just aimed right at my ass. My ass feels kind of chilly. Bomb sniffing dogs
prowled the city subway system in New York. Yeah, Saturday a traffic was sparsher than normal.
Heighten security was visible elsewhere. The terror operatives use the word underground to
describe where the next attack is likely to occur is leaving big apples strapped. What is it?
Strap hangers frightened. Oh, strap hangers. I get it. See, we would never since we're not
subway type people. Right. Strap hangers. The people that hang onto this. They're strapped.
Oh my god. I'm scared because I really think something is going to happen again. Oh my god.
Said Alexandra Gulbes 21 of Times Square station. I take the train every day. We know what I'm going to do.
I think I think she needs a what's his name? What's his name? Marlon Brando. Oh,
I don't know. Martino slacker up on the side of the face. What am I going to do?
Be a man. Well, sources that increase increase phone activity or channel raise concerns in
the intelligence community that terror mad man Osama Yamama's Elkada maybe poisons tracking
American targets. Homer braud. Yada yada. Well, we know that. New York is the top target once
for a sit-edding and that Washington is at the low end at the ass end of the list.
High ranking intelligence officials also voiced their fears that the next Elkada
struggle be with biological chemical or radiological weapons and such an attack in the subway would
create mass panic chaos and potentially kill thousands and Saturday cop stepped up security
big time in New York. Hotels apartment buildings, synagogues and other soft targets are also under
heightened scrutiny because of Elkada threats to targets with light security. How do you like that?
Well, the good news is that there's some people who've pushed up. Queen's bro community
college professor Bud Nevereau 53 by the terrorist would not drive him away. I moved back after 9.
11. I think all native New Yorkers should come back home. He said, and not a good idea?
Yeah, I knew you agree. Okay, we get behind that movement. If it's going to happen
it's going to happen. I'd rather die here and know I'll die happy. He said it's my home and I
can leave my home because of this. So while you people from New York have a good trip is what
Georgia said. I didn't say it. Georgia said it because he's a prick. A hard-hearted bastard.
We're picking on these people while they're under duress up there. Okay, so they're not going to
pick on Hollywood floor. A big deal. Most of those people- Oh, there's something. Most of those
people died already anyway. Can't kill them twice. This from the BBC talk about heartless bastards.
A plain mocking US President George W. Bush is a pajama wearing dimwit has been such a success that
its extending its run at a larger London theater. The madness of George W. mercilessly satirizes
Mr. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair on their approaches to war in Iraq. The plain
out at the present theater in Islington, North London sees Mr. Bush locked in a bunker which he calls
a bunk bed while his military advisors plot a nuclear strike against Sodom Hussein. As war comes
closer to Moot among audiences, chains that actor Nicholas Burns who plays Mr. Blair,
the audience is actually laughing more but the tension behind their laughs has grown.
The show's success comes as Oscar-winning actor Dustin Hoffman joined a growing wave of
celebrities who've attacked Mr. Bush's policy on Iraq. How do you like those bloody brits, huh?
Pick it on for W. Let's go see the play. Shame on that. Now you go see the play, okay? You go
me the schmitz, they make me sick. They're a bunch of silly-ass twits is what they are. And you
think they were obsessed with tabloid crap? They invented it, right? They invented it. They
make us look like bikers with their tabloid hysteria. They've got the mirror and the sun and
this one. They must have like 6,000 tabloids they publish every goddamn day. And the queen had a
bad VM and Prince Philip is a bang in this one and you know this one is a fag and the Prince Charlie
was having the anal sex with the the butler and Diana still dead. All of a sudden crap.
Prince Charles has big ears you know a really revolutionary story like that.
They're the crazy people the brits and these are our allies. The wonder were in big trouble.
That's the best we can do is them. Just because they got naked pictures of Tony Blair and Winston
Churchill's body I mean what's the big deal with that? 5, 6, 7 look at this scream of sour here.
You think the photo we bring it off the hook on this Monday wouldn't you? No Monday. Now that's why I said
that way sarcastic. You think that these people would be just itching to talk about all these good things?
No, not in this town. They could have the bombs bursting in air and these people are still the same old stuff.
Once an ex-free spaghetti dinner or pompato park stuff like that. And by the way I don't know when it is.
Nobody Q.I.M. Neil. Yes sir. I never read it in the books but I did buy Dion Geofranque out.
Well it's a good start that's good. The garlic festival and if you put George's gay lifestyle on your pole I'll vote for that.
Okay excellent call thank you. Let's see what should we both most consider about your gay lifestyle?
We left that one off there. Now because that'll just that'll just rise to the top again.
I want to give George too much publicity all in Spanish less than a week. 157 votes which of these things
should be most considered about Michael Jordan will retire again. Finally got one. Probably
Geldie put that on there. Try to defend their indefensible morning show this morning. Michael Michael
Michael. Seriously I mean you guys got anything else to talk about besides Michael and Trista?
What happened and they could have talked about his gambling problems. That would have been more
interesting and about the the questions that still linger about his early retirement when he decided
he wanted to play baseball and Sarasota minor league baseball right but it's like everything else in
the media we get a sugar coated version of whatever they want us to know that's all you get
and in the case of the right wing we get a dagger coated version of all this other crap we get
we get fairy tales is what we get I'm serious blinded by the right I should read the whole book
on the ear okay and they're saying and Carlos is not it I should wouldn't have any audience left
management here get all been out of shape he's reading a whole book on the ear well it's not as
interesting as talking about Michael Michael for three freaking hours and throwing some silly ass
cheerleader in the middle of it calling it a morning show I'm sorry see I'm getting bitter because
it's so damn cold in here Michael Jordan will retire again one what happened a Columbia three the
Columbia that's it Columbia how you that was a Freudian slip I'm sorry what how did you get busted
but nothing happened governor bush what happened to the Columbia three Michael Jackson's a bad dad
five now you get a little warmer Michael Douglas has a new movie with Catherine Zeta Jones six
who'll be the next American idol 23 how about Eric Idol even away in American what about it
and war terrorism and bloodshed is leading the way what a shot 125 votes I think you got him scared
you got him running nervous about your hysteria that orange alert and those in temperate comments
about our present that you made on Friday which I still think you ought to apologize for at least on
your even though you wouldn't off here 956 at 560 it's just I don't know about what it is near man
freezing I can feel my face if you're like I like an ice cube you don't have to go by that
gonna goose it up Miguel was in here before I'm not gonna goose it up thank him for those hockey
tickets by the way how about those panthers coming back anybody care about that down for one
a type Tampa Bay four four nobody cares leaves when again again and again no interest by the way
Alan Cohen you're not fooling this kid you're not fooling this kid not for one second not for a moment
956 at 560 wqm guy size matters big time according to the Florida Department of Labor
computer professionals about really big ones and of course we're talking about paychecks
according to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest
demand fast-tracking up you achieve your new high paying computer career in just four short
months fast-range got locations all over town so it is bound to be one nearby you they're in
Kindle Miami for the Auditorial and Pembroke Pines with the evening a weekend schedule there's
absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy dead end job making a palkyrie sum and working for some
schmuck when you can start making big bucks so call our friends at fast-trained right now 1866 fast
train that's one 866 fast train they got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too
call fast train tool free and get yourself on a way to a real serious job with a big fat paycheck
one 866 fast train or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com
yeah
and mr. Howard all of us here at westwood want have reached the unanimous decision
oh they're getting the race no
I'd like to put up a statue or a plan not exactly you see we want you to leave to go far away
and never come back how dare you you know who I am why I'm oh I'm a nice
that's why we prefer you never darken our doorway again
the night but those best of it is why I'd sell my soul to exact revenge yeah it'll be a cold day
and hell it down who the hell are you consider me a friend who has come to fulfill your needs
yeah right I will make you a powerful radio star in paradise I have very dear I'll never
republicans friends in certain religious organizations that can make it all possible okay what's
the catch all I ask for in return is something you'll never use anyway you're so that's it yeah
what do I sign pal and sign right here what a room boob
I welcome back to another installment in a moha to David's show everybody imperative to die
that's funny when we do it they're not human
we don't talk about suck on this show on the stud
I'm gonna smack you I'm in a good mood today
don't come well you haven't heard about that there a fact that don't get in all that hot water
over the comedy bitches been playing
ah
sorry
oh
you pinched the darkness and shattered it all
yeah
you pinched the darkness and shattered it all
yeah
hello mo
oh it's you what do you know what do you say prince of darkness
I am coming to collect my path of the bargain
sure go ahead it's all I got to say in it hey what do you sorry
I brought brilllands of my alone to yours
uh...
uh...
uh...
uh...
i
i thought it was five sixty w two-time happy money is a fact that says i missed
the beginning of the show has anyone mentioned the disturbing interview with
that american general career sixty minutes last night but i saw it
i saw it yes
he had a brainwash looked at equal to surpassed any i've ever seen on any
religious or cult fanatic when asked about how he feels about south korean people
burning the flag he started blurring he was blurring badly
my nephews and junior officer with their own word for him especially for all
of us if this is the kind of man our military is creating that's a good point
it's supposed to be like a general
i'm not saying that generals are supposed to be without feelings but nevertheless
crying over the fact that they were burning our flag and a hit us like poison
in south korea
with all the millions and billions and billions of dollars that we've uh...
uh... put into the economy and all that cheap crap or buying into the stores
this is made in the career
yeah
well it's on that for seven sure well
put those Chinese to shame
they wish
five six seven look at look at this i'm going to be playing the stuff today or
maybe i'll just do what i said read blinded by the right
on here
most people are wondering about the bedtime stories my did that
right now if we could come in if we had tv and take a picture of this phone
don't answer them i'll take care of them
alright i don't want to put you out on a monday have to make you answer phones
such as they are maybe a Gilbert
my call you know
maybe in between isn't other fruits is the doing his raspberries
here Gilbert
you jackass you miss it you truck right
you sack of crap
that's all they have got all
yeah the hell i did
don't you ever call anybody again okay because anybody who talks to
the government on the years got to be really desperate more desperate than we
are
and that's a lot
anybody that will put that
nitwit on the year
that's simple to
wqa and guberline
trust is like a door of everybody
wqa
meal
yes but wait
yes
yes
um... i have every single book that you mentioned really
um... i i go all the way back to shrub and
if our children learning before you even knew about it
right i thought blinded by the right when it came out i thought they would
brought on a uh... show on television and i
i really related to him
uh... well not because i'm a gay male but
because it seems like um... your damn if you do damn if you don't
uh... him being from a conservative background and having you know
turned around like he did a lot of people
field that he's
not credible but if you've been a liberal is like of course
they would still think you're going to be turned around like he did he was
what he was the main and
henchman all those years but they but he
but it also showed how power hungry like when he says he got the story about
a need a hill
and uh... you know he left
that guy's house after the meeting you know like exhilarated like well this
is going to be a big career thing for me you know i'm going to be a big
writer
they're all seem to be very power hungry no matter if they're lies or not
but you also read you know another woman that annoys me besides and
colder
lower in group right to read the part about lower in group
i mean she
she irritates me her voice i can't even
but i didn't know she's a bubble head she's a vacuous bubble head bitch
and she hate gays right
well
say this is the thing i don't for the life of the end of the day but i don't
understand it he was concerning with people who hated him and everything he
stood for
from bill crystal to lore anger ham to and colder right out of this and to read
some of the comments by you talk about racist and bigots i mean
some of the most virulent crap that anybody could ever imagine in their lives
and he was concerning with these people because they made him famous and they
made him a lot of money and i mean time here he was like selling out everything
that he was
exactly but i've i've met
gay guys that are conservative and i always say do you know what
you know behind closed doors what
dick chanee probably says about you
you know and and not only that um there's a lot of people that um
it's it's not just gays that that they hate i mean look at how he talks about
the the word feminist and even you have to admit i know you don't like Hillary
Clinton but i don't but he's well i've read a lot about her since she's become
senator and she's very popular in the senate they she's a totally different
person than than what they thought she was going to be
and i still don't like her but anyway but there's another book called the hunting
of the president that you haven't and it's by Joe conison and you might have
right um and it will it's it's very detailed though you know and only for
the people that really want to read about this it'll go from the beginning of
of the Clinton haters and how they organize and how this group of lawyers out
of Chicago and everything i mean it well i left out words you're melons
escaped by the way who financed all of this uh... well we would have been
guy from the scc all the people that and his cabinet all these people
a's not Hutchinson that led the impeachment assassal
Hutchinson right job he's getting now and
who's neil board
who's neil boards he's a right wing assult talk host or midland who claims to be
libertarian okay well let me just respond every time every five minutes they
tried him on put him either on CNN even donnie who had him on a wiki go
that that's the one you have no but did you see the clip that shot down he
showed where he's actually taking his mic off and leaving the show because he
did get to
get to get enough yeah and so donnie rewards him by giving him an hour
and he let's talk and talk talk talk that's because it was different okay he has
nobody watching and he's desperate well i think donnie who actually bends over
backwards to get conservative on his show to show that he's fair he had that
fascist that Steve Wallsberg from the news from newsmyster he had him on again
there than i too i don't know why he is pressing by to watch that stuff i watch it
only because i'm sitting there in amazement in disbelief that he's putting
these people on the air i know i know i know i know i already have enough air time
but but the steep solve but did you see him on when he was with the woman who
disagreed with the war and said that she still wasn't convinced any pointed to her
head and he goes the loony left yeah now you see
whoever called you last week and said well you hang up on people who disagree
you know watch those shows sometimes the conservatives and culture will never let
anyone get a word in she talks she hasn't got any idea what she's talking about not only she
a hateful miserable bitch but she hasn't got a clue what she's talking about
i see everybody's and and and sometimes you see the shows there's this religious guy
sheldon you know you would think it was a Jew with that name
he you know we were sheldon he's a fundamental Christian who thinks the Bible is it
and everybody else in the world is wrong if you have another reason why are you giving
me a list of all these people though i'm sorry have a great day bye
oh yeah then as if that isn't good enough the suspended one you know our friend
don't be trusted oh yeah James Dodson on a couple of nights ago
focus on the family focus focus let's put the focus on your wallet and see how much money we
can solicit extract from your wallet in the name of hate and family values
then this is what america has become these crazy people have taken a whole country over and
arrested people sitting back put them a little bit like that and i mean so-called mainstream media
they're the worst because they're pretending to be something that they're not they're
pretending to be objective giving it a real news and all they do is just suck up and suck up
they're so damn intimidated they're so afraid to be called on patriotic
and so they're just go stepping it online just like it said in that page that i read
from that what what liberal media by Eric Alterman i go out and buy it right now if i were you
so you see and you were giving me oh nobody reads any of those books you talk about you just
you just in fact that's what we're gonna discuss today is why is it that you just like George so
much 10 what see Carlos thinks that's a good idea we did the pull on him but that's that only
scratch the surface of why it is that they they just find you just unacceptable on any human level
being gratuitously concrete to compel people to call for crying out loud see it worked
hey guys what women really want to valentines day is for you to put a little thought and creativity
in your gift this year express yourself and a fun and original way and say it with a Vermont teddy bear
just call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear counselor will help you choose from over 100
bears handcrafted in Vermont delivered in the kulfo gift box with a free card in chocolate tell
us you lights your fire with a new burn in love bear dressed like a hunky fireman with love tattoo
on his arm or say i'm wild about you with the jungle love bear they even have an officially licensed
love me tender Elvis bear sending a Vermont teddy bear is a creative personal alternative to flowers
a great idea and believe me that bear will be around long after valentines day to always remind
her of you even after you're probably long gone send her a bear to the office of her co-workers
and see how thoughtful and romantic you are overnight in valentines day delivered guaranteed
call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com this year's date with a Vermont teddy bear
for valentines day be sure and tell them that old Neil told you and even though it's the 10th
already you're still plenty of time they'll get it there on time call them today 1-800-829-BEAR
WQAM
WQAM
Neil yes sir
uh you saw them the little blurb on the news about how Donald Runsfeld went to Germany to try to gain
support yeah and he got literally got his butt chewed out yes by Germany and then well basically
what Germany said was don't insult my intelligence give us proof and stick it up your ass
basically right and he was just sitting there like a deer we'll cut in the headlight
he didn't even know what to do he was squirming to one cheek and then squirming to the other
cheek i mean that guy was on the hot state in Germany okay well thanks for the bulletin five six
that's it that's all our calls today i'm going to read the book blinded by the right by David
Brock starting not that you're curious to what 2008 if the world is still spinning around
eight if we're not on purple the bird by then well you could read it really fast
okay we were talking about speed reading the other day 2007 where's Evelyn Woodwell we're really
need her five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 and see this bears out what I've
always said i mean we had that lady and she was bit only she went on rambling about every one of
these right wingers has ever been invented which got really ponderous but nevertheless
they they just don't give a crap they they've been like uh you know pushed into submission
and whatever the pool say oh yeah well now Colin Powell he's a good guy he would never lie to us
i'm convinced now and they just go step right into line even though he didn't say a god damn
thing as far as that conversation they intercepted i mean give me a break oh that proves it
today we could have put that together time he could have put that together in his production studio
there in five minutes just going right and nobody does w-y-m hello yes sir yeah hi i'm calling
from a self-automine 95 yes sir yeah i talk a little bit about well paper yesterday some more
c-vary and date county would be parking lots in open in open lockers yeah oh that uh who's it is
this meal sounds like me oh yeah sure that yeah i don't know if you saw it in the hero yesterday
these bids that that would let out to build parking lots in open lockers nothing they really need
and money is supposed to go for the community yeah and uh well it just shows that the hands in the
pockets and was a you know a big feature story in the herald and we're always happy to get one once
in a while now and as far as what's going on now in the world it's a hopeless case i started the
internet this morning that uh Iran announces that it is building or as built a rich a plutonian and
rich in plants so i guess there'll be next on the list that the North Korea no after your Saudi Arabia
yeah after Saudi Arabia okay well let's get busy okay what do you say five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line we're going to be playing all these
starting at ten thirty this morning we're going back to the old q amp format what are you laughing
about nothing that'd be great they won't even call and tell us why they hate you like poison
i mean that's actually be a no-brainer you know what
went in doubt when it's a Monday and they're really desperate they got nothing to say
that maybe they're all high none of the bad that's what we got before which of these things should
be most concerned about war terrorism bloodshed 175 will be the next american idol 34
Michael Jackson's a bad dad ten Michael Douglas has an umu movie eight what happened to the
Columbia five and Michael over Jordan will return again one again what is that like fifteen
times he's retired already today don't bet on it or yeah you I also should have put on air
will Pete Rose get into the baseball hall of fame oh let's argue about that for a while okay
while our eyes are melting as we're watching a nuclear belas that big mushroom club
i don't think they're going to let him in i'm melting he's a gambler w-q-a-m
yeah when you start liking penis i beg your pardon when you start growing a penis i don't know
call us back when you see a shrub w-q-a-m hey niel yes at eight three years morning i turn on a
radio station i really listen to and there was a speech that was so magnificent against the war
i it almost brought tears to my eye really he was so eloquent he was so magnificent who was that
is going on talking he's talking about the Vietnam war and i realize my Luther King
Martin Luther King my back could come back at no i thought it was a speech from 1967
why see the great Martin Luther King speech but it could have been completely transported to now
with the Iraq war and if he knew what was going on today he turned over in his grave i know
because he says this is a pivotal point in history we cannot go the military route the industrial
military establishment is not what this country is about and he was going on it was so eloquent
it was so magnificent and he was speaking the way Americans used to speak when they were educated
you know before they were just spoon fed everything by the the the electronic media when people
used to read books and oh god it made me so so nostalgic for when people were educated and people
had minds and they thought for themselves and this was in 1967 he was so prophetic because he was
saying this is a pivotal point in history if we don't get back to our American values the world
is going to despise us and we're going to despise ourselves and we cannot go this this this
industrial material route we have to go back to being the great country we've always been
i'm not saying it the way he said it he was far more eloquent i would thank you uh hopefully
but uh it's somehow the speech and i can't believe that the anti-war activists aren't playing that
speech all the time because it's so contemporary for right now that's all i have to say okay have a
great day let's see under the bed oh mike oxlong remember the guy from custom designed trust wanted
to design a uh a trust for me and uh for mull and whatever other idiotic facts nice name
here's a hockey guy let's see in appearance you know oh hey same old sucker same old smucks
buying into the same old crack we're gonna see are the panthers at their best okay whatever good
like to you sir wg and channel seven out of Chicago took off happy days in the nine thirty
a.m. slot like all of this country coming to could you please play the theme to the greatest
American hero for me oh god can we do that you got somewhere like on a cd i know where i got it
in Toronto yeah oh it might be back here too but you think i'm gonna waste my time looking for
that now i'll put some music on i'll put these important call coming in here just just pouring
in here man by the ones they're pouring in here just like the crowds in a macarena speaker
those pants against by the ones oh here's another one look at that five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on a gate t and t and Verizon wireless line wqa m wqa m hello yes sir
yeah you know the problem is we don't know we don't have enough missiles we what
yeah i don't know if we have enough missiles oh i see wqa m it's for lottery oh here's for
lottery oh hello hey a nail war is good yeah and go gw okay war is good and go gw there we go
all right war is good and go gw dead people are good dead babies are good right
out for that baby milk factory by the way we know exactly where it is
fact i think peter our net sitting on the roof use him as a target
wqa m you know exactly where i think gargamel wqa m
hello real quiet wqa m yeah i like talking to you about godfather about the godfather
about the new one if he knows about it there is no new one what kneel this is you there is no new godfather
well not wait a minute wait a minute first say it again there's no new godfather
nip hang on a second i'm hanging i know you are all wise and all that stuff no i'm not i'm a smart
no wait a minute you termed on a lot of things yeah atkins i just lost 14 pounds on end
let's hear for this guy lost 14 pounds unlike zack who's sick because he's been four-speed
eating steaks all weekend i'm in doubt you're supposed to eat him by the way zack not sit on him
but i put a new twist in it put two gallons of water a day and it really helped two gallons
yes jesus anyhow listen congratulations mark wine gardener he's a teacher at that
well what does this have to do with the godfather what you said you wanted to talk about the new
godfather i'm telling you this guy's been penned by the puzzo family to write another godfather
okay it was in the paper and i don't like that what paper the weekly reader what are you talking about
i got a call nioh to tell him i'm not a first time of mama luke yeah okay
and anyhow i read it to you it's a short little please congratulations mark wine gardener
you're the author of the next godfather novel but don't count on everyone liking it wine gardener
fiction writer whose project subject baseball Cleveland and organized crime was proclaim the winner
Friday of a contest to continue the saga of mario puzzo's fictional crime what happened to him
the decision was made by the random house and and puzzo littered three at the state
what is it okay i write give me a break okay i'm trying to read the godfather uh
free turn and tenet of uh scheduled to be released in the fall of 2004 oh man let's hope
we make it that long something look forward to wine no but anyhow there i just want you to know
that this guy from that best she was writing the next novel to the sequel with permission and they
picked them to to puzzo family picked him that was so much there's not less america all right i'll
see in the polarimals hey we need to was there for wasn't a mario luke all right it was outstanding okay
much of a nice bye let's hope it's as good as the third one don't be starting it on poor uh
sofie again okay she can't help it if she's got a big nose and can't act away out of a paper sack
i like godfather three so you just say that to go along with all the crowd out there you know
yeah you do no i liked it a lot i understand i hate it so i don't know i don't mean to care
whether you hit it or not i've liked it a lot okay i thought it had a very important story it did
have a very important story and especially especially someone who's on the whole catholic church
and the corruption and the uh the whole thing should have loved it and been willing to overlook
the fact that there were 75 bad acting performances great message bad movie and the fact that uh
michael kept eating all that sugar cake cake hey michael you're diabetic okay don't eat no more cake
cake okay
27 aftertell what a segue man i'm telling you sometimes you're lucky you fall right into a bucket of
crap do you like so why spoke is the mega store for people out there who would like some
cave they'd like to have their cake you needed to but they can't afford all that sugar
well you'll find zillions of low carb sugar free products in the store in fact this whole store
is dedicated to you people around the act and hey listen zack get the get a brain would you please
get a brain and go to the lights and get some good stuff instead of making yourself sick is a
big fat disgusting tub over 600 delicious low carb food products are waiting for you right now
of delights and every day and this week we're all sampling the new low carb tortilla chips in the
original or pico gallo flavored by carb sense how do you like them Carlos and they're great tasting
no carb ruchetta by Walden farm euro in schnackev and look at that he's bouncing around like a butter
so whether it's carbolite ice cream breads chips muffins cheesecakes pasta and sauces do you like
so why spoke is the place you're going to love shopping and don't forget as always you can try
before you buy it just pop a little in your purse and they're open every day seven days a week
from 10 to 10 their sales staff really knows the atkins diet inside and out so they give you some
pointers and don't forget at delights they carry the most complete land of atkins brand products
of anybody anywhere that are always 25% off all day every day so if you're on the atkins or any
of the low carb rhododite it's a story you must check out delights and west bokeh the number one
low carb sugar-free store in the world and you fight them on the northeast corner of glades in
441 right next to Boston market or column tool free at 1877 low carb find them on the web at lowcarb.com
don't forget there's only one delights and west bokeh it's your official atkins retail center
don't don't don't know your near Monday nice box
the box of rocks don't don't don't know your near god it down to three
which girl will it be Sarah in the woods they stupid the goods they show turned into
suck or porn in just a few hearts you'll get hurt to a done the junior dummy will be more
jojo jojo jojo million there took for a two to turn
a little weapon don't know
jojo jojo jojo million there likes the lizard's look
they hard not she went cook so far it breaks as the worst of the dates until he fends
with mojo the don't got hurt with the girl with the source so it was mojo time to go
jojo jojo million there when will you come back
won't get the last one like that
jojo jojo million there
jojo jojo million there that starts with a mess
1033 and 560 look at that on CNN two million pilgrims in mecca and of course they're not just
from like sunny rave either from like all over the world it's kind of like a hodge podge
very good i thought it was kind of cute there they are and hodge peaks today with prayers in
art era for it that's what it's all about crazy religion this man all over the world that's the
problem crazy religionist and some of them unfortunately have una bomba and whatever else they
got here's bread who obviously is that a una bomba it says you're blaming the mid east were on
bush all right were we talking about the mid east war is that what it racas all about is the
mid east war it is i thought it was about regime change and weapon oil and destruction and
oil and mo1 but anyway since since when here's a great line to show you what an idiot Fred is
whoever this is since when is the protection of israel a conservative issue since the right wing
uh the right wing religionist took over to republican party that's when this become a conservative
issue it must have not seen that show or that other show must have seen and not any of those
shows about how these are the people we got to have arm again baby we got to add all cost those
Jews have to stay in israel in fact let's uh make some more settlements and they are syria and
lovin on and uh Egypt and coming to Libya Saudi Arabia would be good
i tell you one thing about these right wingers man they really know their crap like i think the best
one of all was the guy to call war is good go g w there you go what else he needs to know
but maybe you'd want to know this about Laura ingre hand by the way another she's like uh
10 steps to the right of an colder than to read again are you yes good this is again from
blinded by the right by david broxon's most you won't go out and read it anyway nobody to read it
to you i will little bit through gingrich limbaugh on the spectator i'm sorry though i say i
can't even get the first word right though gingrich limbaugh on the spectator already a substitute
in name calling for reason conservative discourse Laura ingre hand in a merry band of imitators
would bring limbaugh meanness to millions of american television viewers stigmatizing gingrichism
as ignorant and inane Laura was also a symbol of the troubled news revolution would have
establishing a broad base to peel the women she frequently attacked feminism for making women
unhappy and resentful while betraying those same qualities in her commentary Laura stock and trade
with the politically incorrect sound bite showing up at one interview in a full-length fox coat
she mocked the squealing baby foxes which were cute when they were alive in an op edgy question
actor Harrison Ford's manliness after a fear appeared on the cover of people magazine wearing an
earring and the subjugation of women she claimed could be alleviated if more women became gun owners
some of us ingre hand once remarked are proud of a mean ease in nineteen ninety nine
nine lower would publish the hillary trap looking for power all the wrong places after signing the
mid-six figure contract he quietly struck a deal with the talented duper public writer Ruth
shallot to essentially draft the book for when shall it wisely backed out Laura was left with a
lame manuscript whose sole purpose was to hold a Clinton marriage up tomorrow scrutiny and ridicule
certainly hillary is not a good role model for women lower announced her personal life has turned
into a bizarre sad relationship where both husband and wife depended desperate and unhealthy ways
on each other at different times in their lives a more transparent case of projection i have
rarely seen since david brock yet of all the conservatives i admit since coming to wash and i
grew closest to Laura she was a much more prodigious network by bbba befriending rather like
the rush limbaugh and george will then often repeating their creepy competences to me but
i had known of florist anti-gay past the dartmouth were along with her then boyfriend dine
s de susa she participated in the infamous outing of gay students were branded sodomites until i
cringe to the right about her dartmouth review exploits in nineteen ninety five profile in vanity fair
to make matters worse i was quoted in the piece saying that law was unreservedly accepting of
homosexuality which in my presence he always had seemed to be and it goes on and on and on well
there it's worth his one paragraph i'm more than one occasion i've taken her bar hopping along
the gays trip in washington where she seemed to have a blast inevitably though as we drowned
ourselves in more and more booze the evening would take a ghastly turn one night after downing
several cocktails and starting an unidentifiable white powder and a quaintance of given me which
turned out to be the cat tranquilizer ketamine i was sick in the bathroom for several hours try to
give my bearings as Laura and a drunken stupor crawled through the packed two-story dance club on
her hands and knees looking for me her person been locked in my car trunk causing her to call her
friend and then we hours of the morning to rescuer in the meantime she managed to leave me a series
of violent messages threatening to break every window in my house if i didn't return the keys
immediately Laura and Graham i just mentioned that in passing cat tranquilizer say
yeah ketamine or is that ketamine five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and for riser wireless long how come i get the feeling we're talking to ourselves here today
are we i don't know w.a.e. q.i.m. so in morning yes man did you notice that the damage to the columbia
was in the left wing oh yeah what do you think that means interesting it might be something
very symbolic there yeah i had an idea a lame idea for a poll for you it's very leased it
bring out the list makers thinking what song title best describes this administration
hmm that's not bad yeah the one that comes to mind is tragedy right for me and maybe i can't stand it
you know you get the point yeah i get the point yeah we have to be doing that tomorrow okay well i
want w to just go away okay thanks thank you see him oh she was kind of clipper five six seven oh five
five sixty on the AT&T so what do you think mike will rather you gonna retelement
come on carlest what's going on in fact maybe we'll take the he's got two votes on the this
is what we ought to be concerned about Michael Michael motorcycle will he retire again
was he really wanting a lot of money on those damn golf sites what was that all about
now what was that in the winter is what his daddy the font on their car in orc airlines
What was that all about?
I am going to read Marine Dodge column when we come back after the break whether they like it or not
I don't care if they like it or not. It's just the first line of it. It's about the orange terror alert
She says such a fiesta wear color for such an armageddon moment. I
Mean
Not going down even if you don't like her politics with some of our friends out there and he's doing that the liberal crap again
Yeah, and what's your point? Did I just lose my pen? Oh, that's the end of this show. I can't do this show out of pen
But I just found it. That's a good news all the right wingers who we lost his pen. That's the end of him
But your liars man, but your hypocrites finger pointers
It's all they know how to do all those years. We had to go through all that Ken star bull crap and
Isn't it for tourists that that Anita Hill book did come out written by David Brock by the way
Isn't it lucky that he wrote that book so we can get Clarence Thomas nominated to discredit Anita Hill's testimony get Clarence Thomas on a
Supreme Court
So in the year 2000 when we had to pick out the who the president was gonna be the Supreme Court could elect George W
Bush
Smot wasn't that very fortunate and fortuitous I
Tint 11 at 560 WQ I am now the year is coming gone
It's early in the new year and if you want your house looking brands bank and new during this year make yourself even
It's not too late to make another new years resolution and that is that you're gonna keep your house looking great with the help of my good friends
It's right concepts over 20 years now well over 20 years
They've been cleaning the carpets in my home and they'll do the same for you
And they'll do an unbeatable job the likes of which you can't even imagine if you never had dry concepts
You don't know what carpet cleaning is really all about they dry clean your carpets and their exclusive patented dry cleaning methods
Sucks out even the deepest dirt and the fibers of the carpet leaving them looking exactly like brand new nobody would even know that
You didn't have brand new lead on your floor and of course they also do is to punish job cleaning your upholstery leather furniture and all your other good stuff to your drapery
Whatever you need and if you got pet orders and milder voters caused by water damage
They'll make that all it go away like a miracle on your floor and as far as prices concerned
Don't have that any fear when you call these folks because dry concepts always gives you a written guaranteed price before they start doing anything at all
So give yourself a favor this year and always use dry concepts
You'll thank me for turning out of these people. They're the best in the universe
Call them toll free from anywhere 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website to get more info about the fantastic worth
I'll do for you at dryconcepts.com
Dry concepts clean today entertain tonight
What's the matter pal?
Prozac not working
Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore. Are you unable to cope?
Then you need to talk to your doctor about new
Fug at all it laws coming for the holidays
Fug at all boss writing you again
Fug at all wife being a pain in the ass
Fug at all
Fug at all has been prescribed in Europe for years and thanks to a loophole and FDA regulations is now available in the good old
US of a
Patients using Fug at all should be aware of the following side effects oily discharge
Spontaneous air loss genital shrinking hysterical blindness kidney stones unsightly nail fungus rectil bleeding and words
So when the pressures of everyday life get you down I need this on my desk my seven a crack the test came back positive
I'm pregnant
Just reach for that little blue bottle and say
Fug at all 1045-6560 W. Come we got Joseph Gaki today
My dog who's taken another one of his abusments holidays today more power to him
Hey, Goldberg the hopper will be a chula's a three you got her a cool hotline at 70 got the big
8 to 10 etiquette 10 from G. Angel and Mark overnight who better not be in his room. I'll tell you that
What do you laugh at about I don't want them in here? Do you want them in there? No? No, we don't we don't take it personal
We like you guys at least we used to but just stay out of here
Because we're tired of you're dicking with our goods. Okay. We don't want you dicking with our goods anymore. Okay guys
You're gonna listen to us. No God
Nobel winners attack Bush economics
Thank you Rob
10 Nobel prize money economist of attack president George W. Bush's tax cutting policies
Mr. Bush said his message on Monday designed to help revive the US economy and boost military spending the Congress for approval
Overcapacity corporate scandals and uncertainty haven't will continue to weigh down the economy say the Nobel economist
But the combination of cutting taxes and increasing spending will mean that the US is set to notch up record budget deficits
Greater than those run up by his father more than 10 years ago seems to run in the family
The most pointed criticism by the economist is the proposed tax cuts will not deliver what they're meant to to
To provide a boost to the US economy which is struggling to recover from recession 2001
Regardless of how one views these specifics of the Bush plan. There is wide agreement that its purpose is a permanent change in the tax structure
And not the creation of jobs and growth in the near-term the economist economist and the statement published by the economic policy institute
Nobel economic laureates Joseph Stiglitz Franco Madd Moragliani and Lawrence Klein Moragliani. I love that name
Reserve much of their scornfully proposal to cut the tax on share dividend payouts
This was a key component of president Bush's plan aimed at helping to
Sure up these struggling stock markets the permanent dividend tax cut in particular is not credible as a short-term stimulus
The statement said more over the proposed tax cuts will generate further inequalities in after tax income
It's it in other words more tax cuts for the rich
What it says like Bubba said to Larry King. I don't need it and you don't need it and Larry said
Don't be 50 dollars. How you like that? Say it again, Larry
Don't be 50 dollars. Well, I had that cranked out a little bit because I was gonna play that
Oh, look at this back kneel as it mirror does Mariah Carey have a face that looks like a bag of smashed asses
She should sue for the way she looks and very good way to describe Mariah Carey
She's got to push that looks like a bunch of smashed asses
If you ask me smash ass. Yeah smash ass Mariah
Wow
So the guy to call me for even though he was very boring and his reading was terminal
But he was good. Thank you very much sir amigo
The guy to call you is absolutely correct. You're just gonna be another godfather book
On these days showed this past Friday your favorites Katie Kirk and Matt Lauer
Introduced the new authors from FSU. We has written two mafia type books which were not best sellers and Mario Puzzo's family chosen to write the sequel to the godfather
It'll start off or godfather one and two left off
This guy wind an analysis were one and two left off like
I'm trying to think at the end of godfather to
Yeah, this is Michael like sitting all alone
I think so a whole bunch of killing another how they all end well godfather one ends where he clad makes my family
Walks down they closed the door
They're kissing his ring remember plummins and tesla and the kiss Michael's thing in his ring
And a godfather two ends
Uh, I'm trying to think I'm in a wrong family
I'm in a wrong had a bad him word that popped I remember that right
and
And then freighto was uh, I just can't it's just also a lot of jumbled now. Yeah, my memory godfather
You just got to jump salt around you know, no, I'm not you have a collection
And yeah, but I'm talking about listen
I've seen godfather one two and three part by part piece by piece more times than you've taken a craft today
Okay, in other words a bunch of times
What oh
Anybody out there believe it no one cracked George forget about it's almost 11 o'clock already
So how does it end godfather to I forgot I mean godfather three ends
He's sitting in that chair. He's an old. He's a vegetable because what's your name?
The orange and he's sitting there in a chair and he dropped and there's always a dog in the last scene as a boy
Godfather to there must have been a dog in an orange huh
And
Or an orange dog no, there was a lot of orange stuff going on because in godfather one marlin brando was going to he appealed the orange
Remember to put it in his mouth and the terror alert was orange
Oh, I forgot about you see how this all ties in together
Oh my god that wouldn't douchebag that Tommy uh, what's his name?
Ridge Tommy Ridge would be so proud of us almost at Tommy T's at Thompson. You know, so we don't see him anymore
Can't imagine why
Tommy that's he drank water from a creek
He was an outdoors guy
It's not an epidemic. It's an isolated incident when he said he drunk water from a creek at that point
I developed such a creek in my neck
You know drug water from a creek he drank water from a creek
What's your name Bob what up there in the Lantana he's still dead by the way
The guy from the Enquirer and all those other tabloids. Oh, I don't know the anthrax guy
You better get with it mister. You don't know your anthrax. Okay, right and Donald rumsfeld's gonna come in the
The stick of
Things I needle
He's gonna stick some things anyway get back to this story
This guy wine gardener is er Irish German and I have no idea why Puso family pick him instead of a pizzeran
Says this faxer our chronic for the faxer is from Gigi so he knows this stuff with a very Italian last name
Which I don't like using people's last names on the earth fax he says he's an Irish German my crout-mick friend
Did you say that?
Teach you to write new godfather novel Mike wine gardener is joining the Krolyoni family business
He's been selected to write the next godfather novel wine gardener fiction writer whose previous subjects and with baseball
Cleveland an organized crime was proclaimed a winner Friday with contest to continue the saga of Mario Puso's fictional crime family
Isn't this what the guy read before but we couldn't understand what he was saying yes. Oh
I
Couldn't understand it the decision made by random house and the Puso literary state was announced on the today show
The godfather returns his tentatively scheduled release in the fall 2004
Well, that's only next year. We might still be alive then
Or not there are many stories left to tell said wine gardener 41 director of the creative writing program at fs u
Little known until now. He has the enviable chance to reach millions of new readers and the unenviable chance to let them down
No more fictional characters from James Bond to Scarlett O'Hara have been perpetuated after the author's death
There have been notable commercial successes such as Alexander Ripley's Scarlett
But few in the publishing industry found the pastime is books worthy of the originals
There's pressure just to write a good book anyway, and that's really what I'm all trying to do wine gardener said
So if it's between godfather two and godfather three
You thought I'm saying right? We got we got to figure out well how godfather two ended
Before we start figuring out what this is gonna be what era
So alpichino is coming back
Right godfather robber do all might come back because they didn't pay him enough to be godfather three
But if it's like interim maybe they can pay him enough. How they're gonna make him look younger? I don't know
Lot of tape how they're gonna make alpichino look younger stackle uh
And who else would be in it
K head clemenza dot with the author named the actress played K dianne Keaton
Most are Keaton
Most are hymen a pagoda won't see him no more
No
Can't do it Sally can't do it now. What about clemenza?
He died at some point
Between the second and the third don't we all yeah he died at some point
Clemenza died
Well, he wasn't in the third one so he didn't die from being fat though you think could be well in that line of work
You know look at all the people who were dead time Hagen was dead in godfather three
Mm-hmm clemenza and his son was the priest right wasn't his son the priest
right
Wish his father could have been here to see him now to watch him alter boys
And uh sunny of course got shot on the cross
It killed the sonny on the quay shot him on the cross where he's dead look what they did the most dead
Remember he was drinking little wine came schlepping downstairs right
Tell me what everybody else in my house seems to know my wife is upstairs crying
Consul your ear of mine
However that went you know something like that say something like that
Oh, we could get them book out and then and then the robber duvel puts his head on his crotch and something like that
Remember that right Marlon Brando seemed to be enjoying that a lot even though they had just shot Santina when it comes with
You say something about looking my head
Anyway, so that's the way but we're still can't somebody will call and let us know where the godfather to end it off
So we can figure out we can just oppose where this is going to be and of course the book is coming first see
The book is coming first. Well, that's good. Well, no, but what I'm saying is that the movie assuming that they will be one
And you can be sure that there will you can bet Carlos's life on it that they will be a godfather for
Now what about Marlon Brando and I can't be in there here we died and godfather right one
right
Maybe his ghost will come back. How about how about Barzini's you gonna be in it? No, he's dead. He'll be the ghost
I'm on my mind. No
Cheech mochi
Kunio
Anybody out there didn't see the godfather wonder what we're talking about too bad we feel very very sorry for you and for us
We feel sorry for us like Don Delabies would say because of the fact that you haven't seen the godfather
I don't care if you like two years older 200 it is inexcusable inexcusable
Good golly miss Molly. I'll use the line that I always use and I mean it as sure as I'm sitting my fat pimply as it is
Here anybody who went into the godfather and hasn't seen it not just once but repeatedly isn't alive
You think you're alive. You know a squat you haven't seen a movie you know schmaltz man
You wouldn't know schmaltz if they stuck someone your guide them bread pudding
You ever have schmaltz hearing
No, is it good? I don't know I don't eat fish
10.56
I don't even know what that is
Four minutes till 11 at 5.60 do you hear this? Oh man
Wait for you to see the size of this suit that we're gonna be flying here for huh?
You're cold you got chills oh
Flun the the disease and when I came in here this morning my hand of the sky my left hand of course
I felt great
Not that I felt pretty bands man got that rash on your face got this big rash. No, that's my head
But this place man oh between a cold and a corporate mung and I'm getting like developing a headache
You know what I'm saying we're not complaining though because I got a big fat one in my pocket in a check-2
What more could you want than have a three big fat ones?
Huh one in your mouth one in your wallet and one in your pants
What what what I got something else in mind for the mouth that never I see now. I'm sure you do
She's gone by the way Trista. She's already gone. I was talking about a big fat boy. You miss the Trista
I mean if I was you if I was in your I at least go out and take a look you're probably thinking about a joint too
I would have gone out there and taken like a little bit of a look. I'm gonna be part of that
Stampede that
Well, it was pretty embarrassing. I'll say that it was pretty mortifying to watch all these people
Stopping down the hallway and screw in like the pied piper. She's leading all down the hallway so we can we can
Google we can go the starrider, you know anytime. There's ever been a celebrity in any of these radio stations and an IOD
I don't want to be part of that. Oh, because most wrong. I did a QM cutie look like a duty
1057 at 560 double. Oh, look. I'm not saying sheet is I didn't see what you looked like a little more like your line
But then again, hey, let me tell you about our good friend Tom Laman and Joe Prieta
They're very they got cars up to their eyelids the fact we send Halop Pontiac so damn many vehicles that they've got no place to stick them
Even Tom Laman's headed park cars and SUVs and trucks all kinds of crap in his driveway
So they like to place one in yours Halop Pontiac right now this week
They're blowing on all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the Pontiac vibes turning only 13,998
And up to five grand off on every GMC on Boyne Stock plus get yourself 0% financing or
Up to a three thousand dollar rebate and as always Halop's got a tremendous selection of dependable use cars trucks and SUVs and
The credit deal I keep telling you this over and over again
Maybe you don't believe me if you're afraid to go to a you to a car dealer because of the fact that your credit is so bad
These are the people you want to see they won't laugh you off the lot
They might laugh behind your back a little bit
It's the Winter Blizzard emergency sale going on right now at Halop Pontiac GM seeing you fight them in the same place
They've been treating people sensational for over 35 years
13411 South Dixie Highway that's US one right across the street from the prestigious falls and how they're open every day
Seven days a week don't forget you'll save even more about mentioning my name call now the near-wargers
Neal Deel Hotline toll free for all the details call one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four
forty two eleven for a Halop Pontiac GMC. We are professional grade
My life and look all this is for 205 60
Way to a
Back to New York you want faster
It's new and it's at Burger King godfather trilogy action figures
They're fun for the whole family collect all 10 mob action figures with each whopper fries and superlives drink and that's a
Superlives drink no exceptions get sunny in his favorite garbage can so you can beat the crap out of Carlo after he punches out
Sunny sister or get the bullet riddled body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth
Wow isn't that great impress all your friends with the dawn himself. I'll make him an offer. He can't reveal
So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the godfather action figures remember
It's only business and it's at Burger King you ask for
It's 11.02 at 5.60. I like the way that worked out don't you kind of lady him over it
Gigi who says she's a hundred percent woman sorry Gigi. I thought it said the genome. I don't know what it said
See our audience comes through here's the end of godfather part two here's all the dialogue all right pages of it
I think I might just read the whole thing like the last hour and a half of the top out we can do parts you ask whole
W.D. Q.A.M. Oh, yes Tom for George, please I beg your pardon what Tom for George Tom for George. Yes. Thank you. What does that mean?
No, I got information to George you get to the old man. I don't want to bother getting on the air. Oh great. You're talking to George
George yeah, uh, schmalf is a German dish
Very thin slice cucumber that's been drenched in
Mostly vinegar with a little bit of oil. Mm-hmm. That's what that's what schmalf is
Okay, my mother serves it her mother was mother was German. I'll tell that puts you old man. That's a balance for life's neck. Thanks
Yeah, they've served that up before your old man. See how George has got the audience
Condition up the old tell the old man
If we lose the old man, well, you lost the title, you know, remember that thing. Oh, I lost the title. I don't know we got an old man
At home get out of your mouth. Get out of here mo. How low can you go? Huh?
I'm a Tahoe instead now is at the worst the rest of this facts because this is very important from a G. Oh no, I remember when you shut up
Okay, we're in house the rest of the facts because it says uh oh
The film has won the most effective final images ever produced
It's a flashback, but see if I read that then it's gonna give it away now
Where's that I don't want to read all these pages of it
Let me just read the first part
On Matahoe states grounds in the year 1959 a funeral is being conducted Mama Krolyoni is passed away and Fredo and other family members
Pay the respects at the open coffin
Fredo wishes to speak to Michael, but it's not allowed to see him
So Connie it recedes in her brother's behalf in the boat house
Connie kneels before brother admits to her pernicious attempts to hurt him over the years
She begs for his forgiveness and insist that Michael see their unstable help us brother Fredo
Michael, I'd like to stay close to close to home now if it's all right Michael. I hate it. Baba baba baba
I don't understand because uh oh that's right they're fishing
On the pier next to the lake Fredo teases young Anthony how to catch the really big fish with a secret technique of saying a hail
Mary every time he puts the line in the water on the army base Tom meets with Frankie
Pentangely and as they share by the way a Carlos before he explained him that Mike oxley
Ox whatever that thing was
Ox long see even I can't get away now on the pier next to the lake
Fredo teaches young Anthony how to catch the really big fish with a secret technique of saying a hail Mary every time
puts the line in the water on the army base Tom meets with Frankie
Pentangely and as they share cigars and walk between two chain link fences
They glowingly speak about the great old days how the crawly only family was like the Roman Empire and how the structure
The mafia families was modeled after the old Roman legions
Yada yada yada yada when homens sat in the hot bath open up their veins and blood to death and sometimes they had a little party before they did it
Relations continue to be strained between cannerist reigns husband and Michael's home and it goes on and on and there's too many pages here
The godfather's three major enemies are killed simultaneously in a rapid succession of scenes
Crosscut between each other
Hyman Roth is surrounded by customs officials and the FBI and taken into custody as he arrives at the Miami airport
He answers a press question about the high court of Israel's ruling. I'm a retired investor on a pension
I went to Israel because I wish to live as a Jew in the twilight of my life
Another report to suggest he's worth well over 300 million dollars, but he doesn't respond directly
I'm a retired investor living on a pension
I came home to vote in the presidential election because they wouldn't give me an absentee ballot as the crowd chuckles
He is shot point blank by Rocco posing as a newspaper man Rocco was shot twice and killed as he flees
Rocco had flees
Frankie pentangely takes his own life Roman style his wrist angles over the side of the tub as Fredo and Niri and Anthony get into a small motorboat to go fishing
Connie calls for Anthony telling that Michael wants to take a sanderino
Hearing that Anthony can't go. Fredo mutters. Oh, Schmidt
I don't remember that
He matters something. I couldn't make it out really. So otherwise he knew what was gonna happen. He must have
Carlos is no
Call up Mike ox long and see if he knows I keep trying to explain it to him
Oh Schmidt as Michael stands inside the boat house looking through the outer glass windows and leaves
Blow across the compound
Fredo and Niri fish together in a boat on the lake this guy's filled with dark clouds. Mmm
For shadowing
For shadowing an ominous moment. Okay
Fredo's life is snuffed up by Niri as he fishes and recites a hell marry
Didn't help Michael. Here's the muffled shot and lowers his head Niri stands up in the boat now and now we're finally getting to it
Finally getting close another 2040 60 pages
After his brothers killing Michael sits alone in the dark boat house and thinks back and flashback
Ah remember this to seeing around the old Krolyoni dining room table in their Long Island compound in late 1941
Fredo's sole support of his brother makes the murder even more tragic
It's December 7th of the day that Japan bombed Pearl Harbor and the day of their pops birthday
The family awaits the arrival of Don Krolyoni in off-screen Marlon Brando sunny introduces Koro Ritsi
Gianni Russo to his brother for oh, that's right James Conn and the special appearance because he wasn't in the movie
And the reason he wasn't in the movie is because
They shot the young cause
And then the droopy thing over there is brother Michael who's the young Dartmouth educated Joe College of the family
Tessio delivers a rum frosted birthday cake for the occasion
Well, at least it wasn't a tomato soup cake but it's cooked by a grace from passions
Don't any always want to have a tomato soup cake right now what the mood is festive until Michael reveals to the second generation
Krolyoni family that he's in and listed in the Marines along with 30,000 men
Rejecting the deferment that his father had pulled strings to get out and get him out
Michael implies his legions to his country rather than his family's code
Sonny what do you think of the nerve of them japs them slanty-eyed bastards?
I'd drop in bombs that are on backyard on pop's birthday here
Badadada nannico's on Michael. I enlisted in the Marines yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy
Why'd you do that time? Why'd you come to us?
Adada and
In since sunny slaps his brother's shoulder and then assaults him before being held back
He aggressively tells Michael break your father's heart on his birthday
Ironically, it's Fredo who supports Michael who's made a responsible
Adada like decision to be apart from the family with an encouraging handshake
Hey, that's well, Mikey. Congratulations
Michael has plans for his own future separate from his family's criminal activities and his father's plans for him
Michael is awkwardly left alone in the room at the table as the rest of the family assembles and an adjoining room and sings a surprise
For he is a jolly good fellow to the off screen Don Vito Krolyoni
A rapid superimposed dissolve shows his father Vito waving little Michael's hand from the train window as they leave the village of Krolyoni
Oh, that's a schmaltz. This is schmaltz-y
The film has one of the most effective final images ever produced the flashback ends in the image returns to Michael's face
Middle-aged prematurely old Michael now a ruthless soul as power mad and paranoid gangster in the 1959
Sits quietly and introspectively on a Tahoe state lawn chair as the cold winter approaches
He is once again alone and fully damned with all family loyalties dissolved
He's wearing his wedding ring although he separated himself from his waspicious strange wife Kay
And the disintegrated aftermath and Mikey of Ellen figure is isolated from everyone and emptied with dark brooding holo dies
His own worst enemies either murdered or alienated himself from those closest to him including his brother Frito and faithful concedury Tom Hagen
The character now I don't understand that oh
That's right you're out Tom. Maybe I can help
You're out the camera slowly zooms in for a close-up before fading to black and the film is credits. There you go
Thank you. Easy so much
Molto Grazzi. Joseco
Grazzi immediately see and how do you like that? I forgot all my with ten words of Italian out of sight out of mind, baby
After all those trips and all those classes. Yeah. How's Dr. Jack do a thanks a lot Dr. Jack you okay my book?
Oh
My god you gotta be kidding me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line a
Monday from hell aren't they all though another Monday from hell is that they're a Q amp
Ten past eleven we got Joseph Gaki for a mad dog at one o'clock if you think you're in a radio hell right now
Hey guys what women really wanted valentines days for you to put a little thought and creativity into your gift this year express yourself in a fun and original way
And say with a cute little Vermont teddy bear just call one eight hundred eight two nine bear and a friendly bear
Counsel will help you choose more for a hundred bears handcrafted in Vermont and delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card and
Chop it tell us she lights your fire with a new burn love bear dressed like a hunky fireman with love tattoo on his arm
Or say I'm wild about you with a jungle of bear they even have an officially licensed love me tender Elvis bear
sending a Vermont teddy bear is a creative personal alternative to flowers
He'll be around long after valentines day to remind her of you
sending a bird to the office so that her co-workers can see how thoughtful the romantic you are is a pretty neat idea too
overnight and valentines day delivery guaranteed call one eight hundred eight two nine bear or shop online at
Vermont teddy bear dot com this year say with a rot teddy bear for valentines day be sure and tell him old Neil totally to call
one eight hundred eight two nine B E A R
five
six
six
nine
The end
Girl gone wild wild wild wild wild wild south central LA you see them in cancun Daytona Beach and all over spring break
Establi now the girl's gun wild affirmative action team is taking it to the inner city
It's girls gone wild wild wild wild wild south central LA girls out there taking off their pants taking off their shirts taking off everything
Haven't kids when they shouldn't be smoking crack not reading acting a straight damn fool
We don't know why exactly maybe the weather maybe it's the higher industry crime traffic
poverty crack either way these kids have gone completely
Bucher's in south central LA girls
why
ear kids, good smelled dogs  Leigh's beyond the camera
I mentioned they winter let while call now
Certainly well
number fourteen at five sixty double to cure multidamin, and Bokander
Oh here it is
I don't want it near schools
I don't want it sold to children
that's an infomatter
In my city we in my city we should keep the wrapping in the dark people the colored their animals anyway
so let them lose their souls.
Remember that?
How come there was no a fewer about that?
There was no offer as opposed to the Italian American
and the defamation link and though John Dodge-Oll,
I've asked that before, but nobody has an answer.
Nope.
Here's another one.
This is from Eric and Kalamazoo who wants to know.
He says out there, there must be someone in Miami
who knows what they all schmaltzes.
Schmaltzes isn't cucumbers.
It's chicken fat.
Of course, schmaltzes, yet it's for chicken fat.
It usually gets mixed in with chopped liver.
Is that what I said?
I'm talking about chopped liver.
Eric, I hate to break the news to you,
but top floor day where you thought all those Jews
were, first of all, all the old Jews are dead.
And secondly, this area's been taken over by a bunch
of people who don't speak English.
What?
Who don't know for?
And they don't know schmaltzes from their ass, okay?
So don't give me that air.
Pour Eric up there and Kalamazoo freeze the zans off.
Sorry about that, Eric.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T
of rice, we're doing a little screenless Monday
and still no response.
Nothing.
367 votes on a pool.
Which of these things should be the most concerned about?
277 people say war, terrorism, and bloodshed?
Hard to argue with that.
But we'll be the next American Idol 52.
Michael Jackson's a bad dad, 16.
Michael Douglas has a new movie, 10.
What happened to the Columbia 10?
And Michael Jordan will retire again, three.
Oh!
Which you're going to be hearing a lot
about Michael Jordan on his station,
round the clock, baby, morning, noon and night.
Except between nine and one.
Didn't you hear all the stuff about him this morning?
No.
Here's our only call, WQAM.
Out of touch, liberal.
Yeah, okay.
Out of touch, liberal.
Touch this.
5, 6, 7, little hook run artist there again.
Can't handle the truth.
Can't deal with reality.
Means, mean, spirited the storytellers on the right.
Make up a bunch of crap.
Not one call on the board.
I guess we need about playing music now to 1 o'clock.
I know.
Okay.
44 minutes.
On a screen.
Screenless Monday.
Right.
I think we've, we've scraped the bottom right now.
I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, no, no, I'm sorry.
We've never had a Monday like this.
We haven't.
Like this?
Oh, there they are.
Don't be giving me that crap.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, honey, no.
Right on about Cologne, Germany and Munich too.
We were there recently and it's beautiful and good people.
Yeah.
And they just seem so way ahead of everyone in this country.
I mean, architecturally, socially, everything way ahead.
And let me tell you, you're absolutely right.
They think, Bush, they'll hold the administration.
They're psychotic fools, which they are psychotic fools.
But it seems to me reading the papers over there.
That's the only place where you can read criticism of this government and this administration.
It's unbelievable.
You don't read it here anywhere.
Are you reading Canada too, man?
Toronto, they're a slice of an ass.
In Canada and then the English newspapers too, they're really ripping him on all that.
Anyway, keep it up.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, but you know, Cologne said this, but a beep, but a boop, but a boop.
And therefore we all have to go step in line because he said it.
Therefore, it must be true.
And the story about that guy that's supposed to be the al-Qaeda terrorist who hung out there in Baghdad for a while.
There it is on page 14 in the air in the Sunsendle.
Terrorist, the last time who's saying, still hazy, like, we don't think so.
We don't think so.
But they keep showing all the pools and they keep spinning it and spinning it.
And it's not a question of if it's just a question of when.
I say like about March the 5th.
Well, we already wrote your prediction, Dan.
And you'll notice what they're saying now is that even Spidey the Orange Alert went up on Friday.
They're saying, well, they're probably going to hold off on any of this.
And then as soon as we start the attack on Iraq, as soon as the first bomb falls,
as soon as the first Tonyel gets a bet out of shape, then the Schmidt's going to hit the fan.
And they'll try it out Tom Ridge again.
He'll stand up there looking like a mannequin.
And he'll say, well, we gave you a warning and, you know, I said it was so on.
And there will be more reasons to take away more rights.
Right.
And lock down everything.
Are you questioning the USA pay for you back again?
Again.
Blow up that rubber raft. He's going back.
They'll say blow up.
Coming to QAM.
Freedom in Coltor's book, Slander Jack M.
WDQAM.
Hi. Is this screenless?
Yes.
Listen, don't waste your time seeing that movie.
I mean, I already read all about Slander and Anne Coltor in this book by David Brock, OK, Schmidt.
All right. I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the other guy. Go ahead.
Oh, I was going to say you don't even know me that well. They call me that, yeah.
Oh, OK.
Anyway, don't waste your time seeing that movie, Biker Boys.
Biker Boys?
With Lawrence Fishburn and Lisa Blone and Kid Rob.
I saw it last night and it's dumb. It was so bad.
I was just going to see it as soon as I left work today.
I know. I was just going to say you the time.
Don't see it.
Run my whole day.
See that movie with Al Pacino and Colin Farrell, the recruit.
Oh, I saw the previous for that. It looked like he ought to get the good.
Gone right off the stage. He was on a gone show. They'd have been yanking it.
They, you know, what's all?
It's a good movie. You should see it, but he definitely needs to get a teeth clean when they show close-ups of his teeth.
He's got some nasty bottom yellow teeth, man.
Al Pacino and his fingernails are all dirty.
I didn't want to let you know.
OK, thanks. Thanks for the good.
Since he was in that set of a woman, you know, he can't see his teeth and fingernails through it anymore.
Is that it? Yeah, that's what it is.
They didn't give him a sight back after the movie.
No, of course not. Are you crazy? That would be like Antonio getting a sight back when he comes out of his coma and passions.
What do you know about that? Not much, nothing.
Not too much. It was his very unfortunate because that could like change your turn your whole life around.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yes.
Real Valo.
I beg your pardon?
Real Valo.
No, he's busy.
Doing a radio show.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line W-D-Q-A-M.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
A few of my friends, and I will argue about the future form of our government, and taking the next decade or so.
The future form of our government?
Yes. I mean, all things taken into consideration while they're all threatening that it's going to be terror, taxing the country and whatnot.
And the thing is, it all started with a lot of people believe that 911 happened on purpose.
And we were talking about it.
What do you mean by that? What do you mean on purpose by whom? Well, obviously it wasn't an accident.
Well, not on purpose, but a lot of clients.
They didn't plan to plan to stop it. They let it happen.
Yeah.
Okay, regardless of that, we are arguing if our own government was pushing for something, what my friends think,
it's something like called a police state.
But what do you mean they were pushing for?
We're already in one, my friend.
We're already in one.
We live in a police state.
I mean, well, I mean, it's one like a big brother type of police state.
But I'll tell you what you think.
That's exactly describing America right now, this moment.
Exactly, but I was thinking of more of the extreme version, which I'm not sure it's called the police state.
I think the terminology is like martial law.
Right.
You know, where if this place turns into like an Israel where there'll be bombings here, left and right,
that the American probably could start screaming to see like American tanks on the street.
You know, it's not like that.
I was just wondering if you or George or anyone else in the audience might think that anything like that could actually happen in this country.
We're on our way, man.
Well, I guess we're all going to hell in the handbasket.
All right, Neil.
See if they're poor.
All right.
Got flights to hell in or out, not in the handbasket every half hour.
Read the ad colder book.
I love these hit and run right wingers, don't you?
They can't debate it because anybody and colder.
I mean, if you want to hold her up as a bastion of truth, she's a simpleton.
She doesn't know George has asked for my elbow, okay?
Just a hateful sow who just spews a lot of garbage.
But oh, it's that liberal media and see that they can't handle the fact that they're being outed.
They're all being dragged out of the closet.
If David Brockle pardoned an expression and misjudged to, oh, sorry, Matt.
5.67, self-hating.
5.67, 05.60, pound 5.60 on a AT&T and provides more of a slime.
Kenny start, the whole thing.
The whole thing is detailed right here in his book.
As if you need that.
No, no, you do need it.
I didn't think I needed until I read this.
Okay.
Oh, believe me.
All the details, all the juicy details.
Bill Crystal.
George Will, Bill Crystal, Robert Novak, and Colter, Bill O'Reilly.
Go on, Tony Snow.
You can just go on down the list.
90% of the people are talking heads you'll see on TV.
Part of this whole right-wing thing now.
Oh, but it's the liberal media did this.
Now the liberal media didn't tie up the goddamn country for all these.
Like Eric Alderman points out in his book, they felt compelled to go along.
Washington Post, New York Times.
Monica Gate, Trooper Gate.
Whitewater.
You name it.
Forget about the $70 million.
That's the least of the sins that all those years of crap.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yo, Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey.
Good morning to you, sir.
Listen, you mentioned passion.
I used to, I'm a young Spanish guy.
I used to watch passion.
Yeah, what happened?
I was in the...
38.
It's like they're still stuck in 2000.
It takes like two years for one week to go by in that soap opera.
Is it still the same?
No, you can make chaos working with Tabitha Knowledge.
They're down in the basement.
And they're doing it.
Oh, yeah.
They have a tabitha doing it, yeah.
When I stopped watching, they found out that Antonio was getting sick.
That's when I stopped watching it and whatever he was going to do.
I couldn't stomach him anymore.
I was just dragged away too much.
Plus, I started working.
I got a job.
That also helped.
My helps.
I got a suggestion for that.
These amazing things called VCR's tapet.
No, no, I used to record it.
I used to record it every day.
I used to record it.
I might start watching again.
Because I'm not here.
There was a lot of you.
I'm talking about passion, though.
Hey, real quick.
In closing.
Yeah.
Five, six, seven.
See what happened.
And once you stop watching passions, I told you, you better start.
It's a fun habit.
Once you turn it off.
Now, I think you might have been trying to say...
I'm not sure.
I think he was trying to say that, wouldn't he?
Senator Warren?
Not even.
Oh, you still haven't seen that movie?
No.
I don't.
I don't want to.
If you value your eyesight, don't do it.
In fact, maybe watch it with your eyes closed.
I'm being good.
No, I'm not sure.
Sounds like a woman.
Oh.
See, I want to remember Al Pacino from the Good Movies.
From when he was good.
In a good movie when he acted good.
Which is neither one of those.
Well, I'll tell you, I got a real mess here.
Who now's making up this log these days?
Is the Water Nazi back?
Oh, no wonder.
Don't mess with my log.
Okay, Water Nazi.
We won't mess with your log, honey.
Ooh.
Thinking about calling her honey.
Just the thought of that.
Makes my skin turn purple.
26 after 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
If you gain some weight, man, or if you're one of those
professionally fat people.
Good.
Golly Miss Malai.
I'm fat, but I look around me.
And I see a see a fat people are just...
It looked like all Americans had a bicycle pump stuck up their ass.
And just...
Porked up something like almost overnight.
In the last few years.
Here's the answer for you.
Balance for life.
The beast is down almost 50 pounds in balance for life.
By now he ought to be down about 70.
If he wasn't screwing around so much.
And I just...
I don't want to play bush boss.
But all that free food you're getting from balance for life beast.
It's going to go to like a zack.
Starting next week.
If you come in this Friday and you haven't lost enough weight.
We're cutting your water off.
And the food too.
Going to give zack the zack.
I'm serious.
I mean, this beast guy, the character, we've been working to save his life.
And he comes in here, stomping around on Friday.
Like he's pissed off at the world.
You got to be pissed off except himself.
They're bringing him that little black sack every day.
And there is the three gourmet meals.
Two delicious snacks right now.
Well, more could you want.
All the food you need for the whole day is right in there.
You don't have to count calories.
You don't have to count carbs.
You don't have to go shopping.
You don't have to do a damn thing.
The only choice you'd make is between two alternatives for each meal.
Every day that you're on the program.
So let balance for life help you lose the weight once and for all.
Instead of worrying about some freaky thing or a bunch of dangerous pills.
Just call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29.
I guarantee you'll do even better than the beast.
Because he's an emotional cripple.
9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29.
Or visit their website and see how it works balance for life.com.
We're supporting you on 5-60.
You A-M.
Pick it and stick it.
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
Oh my!
You're the fatal today!
I'm a cranky homophole!
Not that I'm mindless, but I'm way too old to do.
I fantasize about being in bed to do.
In a dress with feet loom my man friend to do.
I'll just make up with Ginger a someday.
And then ask him to grate my buns.
Now they're no more again.
Though I would not be you from what's full.
No!
And I would not be ashamed about a Ginger and Moge union.
Just hold him and stroke him away.
Boy, they kill you're not my type.
You sound like a nine year old kid.
Hey!
Only a macho-melling guy.
You don't know me.
That makes me lift my wig your ass hole.
Ginger was a lover of mine.
I bury my bull this rainy nose.
Inside his pimpley rear end.
Now I would not be a sport old.
Now!
If I was not to cause it to the face.
That's why a Ginger and Moge union would make me feel dizzy and gay.
Everybody follow my thousand calls.
Yeah, Ginger and Moge union would make my sorrows pony ass feel safe.
If we had a Ginger and Moge union,
then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
Love a thirty three at five sixty at every QM.
Everybody on edge of their seats waiting for Joseph Gackie.
He'll be along for Mad Dog a one.
Are you any edge of your seat?
Yeah.
US plans for use of gas in Iraq.
Top US military planners are preparing for the US to use in
capacitating biochemical weapons and invasion of Iraq.
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and General Richard Myers
cheerfully join Chiefs of Staff reveal the plans in February 5th testimony
before the US House Armed Services Committee.
This is the first official US acknowledgement that it may use biochemical weapons
in its crusade with other countries of such weapons.
The Sunshine Project, another non-profits have warned since late 2001
that the warrant terrorism may result in the US using prohibit biological
and chemical armaments thereby violating the same treaties it purports to defend.
The US announcement creates grave concerns for the future arms control agreements
especially the Chemicals Weapons Convention.
And the UK independent says a group of British MPs have underlined the double standards of
US policy toward Iraq by highlighting Washington's own non-compliance with chemicals weapons inspections.
An early day motion to Parliament signs so far by 34 MPs today said they were
concerned about the US government's prohibited access by verification inspectors
to several chemical industry sites and signing the Chemical Weapons Convention in 1993.
The reason cited by Undersecretary at the US Bureau of Industry and Security in October
2002 was that they were protecting proprietary information of US companies.
How do you like that?
Wow, there you go.
Just mention those things in passing.
But everybody's on board, baby.
Right?
We're going in there and kick some ass.
5,670560, 560 on a AT&T line.
WQAM.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
To help me, I'm much more secure in the end today with the orange alert.
I'm trying to find the airport.
And I hope you're not trying to fly out anywhere in the near future.
Why is that?
The line heading into MIA is out onto the June from both directions.
Really?
Yeah.
So that people like myself who used to fly around the state in as of last week,
because they were still flying into the terminal and fly out as you plane to be gone.
You're looking, I would guess, I'm not flying today.
At least an extra hour, I want to have doubling those long-distance, damn parking garage.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Bad news.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
They say close to home.
Definitely.
Okay.
There you go.
Well, see, we don't have who should take that off the pull from Friday.
That's the pull I sneaked in there.
If you plan on going anywhere, forget about it.
This is what he's trying to say.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a gate TNT, and Verizon Wireless Line.
What do you think?
Subways?
I think the Abhinant, maybe the tunnels in New York?
Oh, no, thanks.
Not for me.
Now I'm not talking about going here.
That's through in New York Post.
Makes a lot of sense.
A lot of things you could do down there.
Seren gas?
Right.
Explosions that cause things to collapse.
WDQAM.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi. How are you?
I'm doing okay.
I want to say something about the Godfather.
Now they never told me how Plum ends a died.
I looked it up on it in more of my books.
Did it?
Did you know how he died?
He died from fat.
He died from fat.
I think just like Eli Wallach, he had one can only do many.
I read the article about the Godfather IV.
I don't think it's going to fly as well as the first.
I don't think anybody can do it as well as Manitusa can do it.
Well, first of all, then Michael, all of...
How do you do this with the age thing?
Godfather II was in the 70s.
And here we are 30 years later.
How they're going to make Michael look like we pick up where we left the...
Unless they bring all new characters in which is going to leave us limp.
They're going to have to bring the sun in the sun.
It's going to be interesting.
I've got to ask you a question so you can know it.
You know Richard Caspon obviously played Clemenza.
Yeah.
What's the only movie he was nominated for in Academy Award?
No clue.
A movie called Lovers and Other Strangers.
He played a father and a Callian father in the movie.
Okay.
I just...
I just...
I just...
I got so that I'm going to make trivia books.
I'll put that in my memory bank.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Take care.
See, he died from fat.
Hey, George is looking up at a godfather book and it says...
It's only a million references to him in here.
Yeah.
One of them's got to have what he died of, right?
Of course not.
He died from fat.
You had friends who died from fat?
Yeah.
Well, what about him?
What about him?
Oh, is he talking about the hair?
First, he's talking about the hair.
And he's talking about the hair.
First, he's talking about the hair.
First, he's talking about the hair.
And the hair is on the line of work.
Yeah.
That was a great scene.
That was a great scene.
But your life can end prematurely.
You don't want to do it anymore.
I'm going to die.
5,6705,60,
pound 5,60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Nobody to QYM?
Yay, sir.
Richard S. Costellano did not die of anything
but the same thing that can't do all out of three.
Money.
That's correct.
He would not take the deal they offered.
so that's why
frankie pentangeles part
was a rewrite of
clemenza's part for godfather too
he he also thought he was well let's face it devolves one of our greatest actors
right cast a lot of
i don't i don't buy that i think they should have had richard k should have been
intercom and that was an important part of the movie
yeah well by the time you pay the chino and
kittin and devol and everybody else yeah you know what one of my favorite
things about this movie is that the first one
synatra fought against is so hard because the story was embarrassing
right i think the third one he was begging to be in it
really yes do you know that he never spoke to al martino again
well good
not that's true he never spoke to al martino again but he begged him not to take
that rule because it was about him in the movie from her to eternity
and how many girls see the irony about that is you know who they wanted to do
the from here to eternity instead of synatra al martino no you know i wallick
oh my god oh my god wow what comes around goes around that kind of
he ate the canola is okay that's right leave the gun bring the canola have a great
day bye bye five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t and
T. and T. and Verizon Marlissa Godfather intensive today
we're in for godfather for about a tenioid i don't want to sound pessimistic
but i would think that if they were smart they move up the production real quick
you know what i mean to like this afternoon i'd like to say that no
bit then we don't have to go out and watch that movie with kid rocks
the biker boys huh twenty till noon at five sixty wqm if you just want to hide under
the bed or if you actually want to sleep on it get you a great night sleep here's
the answer dollar macris if you sleep on a crappy old macris you just not getting
a good night sleep and you walk around like a zombie all day you just you just don't
feel like yourself here's the answer for you make one simple call one eight hundred
macris and you'll have a great night sleep tonight and for months and years to
come because dollar macris carries the top manufacturers in world and on beatable
everyday low prices they give you that thirty day comfort exchange period and they
give you an unheard of delivery any day of the week seven days any tour window
that you choose cc sort of Simmons King coil every size every style they got
him in stock right as i speak ready for immediate delivery just about to your
house so if you want real comfort no hidden charges these are the people who want to
talk to this is one of the easiest ways to go shopping just one easy phone call
they'll never let you down they show up on time they set up the new bedding take away
the crappy old stuff and like i said you got thirty days to try it out to make sure
it's the right mattress for you in your back call them today you'll be sleeping in
comfort tonight one eight hundred macris one eight hundred m a t t r a s for
dollar macris or check them out in the web macris dot com
and
and
sports
you
a chill coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity
music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff looking to start up
finding out the sweet girl you had a crush on in high school has posed naked in
playboy might be a little dramatic but what man wouldn't want to simply get over
it and bang her anyway certainly not the jay guiles band
and
and
and it was hot
i used to see that girl every day in home room i thought she would be pure perfect
forever you just don't picture an angel bustin a hymen know what i mean
jay guiles leads in your peter wolf who suffers from a classic madonna horror
complex according to psychologist Helen kill men with the madonna horror complex the
woman is a saintly virgin beauty or she is a filthy horror the man desires both
but can only make love to the filthy or unless of course the filthy horror is madonna
herself of course oh it got bad for peter man he will just stare at that
centiple all day and his eyes would tear up the band's manager sloppy gold
describes the horrible day that peter wolf turned up in the emergency room finally
he couldn't help himself he gets naked lays out the magazine centerfolden
well let's just say that's how that old story got started you know about getting
it caught on a staple peter wolf himself remembers that day after several
botched reconstructed surgeries peter wolf put aside his fears of seeing his
old high school crush with her clothes off and made a date arranging to take her to a
motel room and take him off in private so my sweet angel was a dirty horror after all
hey now that I can hum the jay gals bad retrograde male bulls since 1982
it's a big juicy shopping with liquor show business tonight but inside the
behind love and forty seven at five sixty double here here's a short facts but you
see the can you see the venom no I only see the point of the venom is like a spewing
a lot of people that right wing hate that it says you know that the and wait till you
for sentence you know that the terrorist regimes of a rack and also my being
handled where they have to be handled i didn't know that the osama had a regime
that's number one a north side they have to keep linking the two together right
of course just by saying so that that makes it together if clinton had had any
balls this would have been handled during his terms you're only spewing your left
wing propaganda because it's a right wing republican doing the dirty work face the
music deal you claim to be affiliated with no party when i ever say that i said
that both parties suck i never said i wasn't registered democrat which i was
having all my life and always will be
but you're a left wing liberal democrat all the way to your bones yeah and what's
the point that that's a left uh... go ahead i'm sorry to be left wing liberal
democrat not just a liberal democrat or not just a democrat or not left wing
liberal a left wing kamy pinko fag democrat we left that out
so that the same clinton that was launching bonds at al-Qaeda and the republicans
were saying that he's trying to wag the dog because he's right yeah
he was trying to change the subject because we had him with all the goods
okay on penis skate and white water and monica gate and every other guy
then gate that ever came down to practice in the including the paul of jones
story that's another reason you have to know all the comrade jones thing that's
important yeah another reason to read this book
totally fabricated anything that went on that hotel room was consensual
but never less as if that's got anything to do with the presidency what he did
don't you understand this is the way they bring everybody down don't you
understand that when somebody turns like a needle turns the tables on clearance
Thomas we uh... manufacture up the story character as i think the fact
your stories like the real need a hill by david rock which turns out to be
totally full of crap fabricated but don't confuse these people with the facts
because there are much i did ahead lot that that that that that just make it up as they
go along
not only about all the fact is that they facts over the rush that he read verbatim
on the year stuff that they just made up manufactured read it right on the
year how many people do you think hillaries killed this week this week
well early yet that's right on the right
more endowed desert spring sprung she writes in the or times yesterday
such a fiesta were color for such an armageddon moment were orange but our
official tell us not to be blue
mayor bloomberg says the new york city is a top target including its hotels
apartment buildings sport arenas in some ways but that we should leave the
worrying to the professionals
tom rage putting the terror throttle on high in the nation's capital agreed that
we should stick with our routines right the country is in a constant
status stress uh... the space shuttle plunges down the terror threat goes up the
hundred and first airborne moves out to the Persian Gulf along with the kidney
hawk the dog goes down deficits in job losses go up america's and american
emissary staffs in the media star moved out we plot to attack your
rack al-Qaeda plots to attack us we have contingencies for north korea and i'm
sure it has contingencies for us
Hollywood producers have instructed writers conjuring up villains to think
French with the without those pesky frenchies were on track for a mid-march
invasion of bag dad known Riley on the pentagon is desert spring
summer literary reporters of independent on boot campers expensive private
self-protection courses others are finalizing their lucrative deals to write war
books and jockeying for plenty access to rummy was getting around the world on
friday trying to insult rule europe a closer range network anchors are packing
their b-spoke flat jackets and zooming off to turkey syria and kawaiit the new
chic thing around here is an embed a journalist lady to be embedded with the
troops in the gulf the marine core times and aby times a full of advice for
departing troops like if you're single and have a pet you need to arrange for
somebody to take care of it as well as sperm storage facts for those worried
about stories of infertility and sterility after the last gulf war frozen
assets a term clear both loose used to describe virgins in the women is now
military pat twa for banking genetic material before deployment
the orange alert made me wonder again why the bush administration spent the last
year and a half hyping the Iraqi menace instead of single mindedly hunting al-Qaeda
mister bush's presidency came into focus when he made his bullhorn vow to get
the people in octaves buildings down but we're not getting the creeps in octaves
buildings down we're getting the creeps who's addressed we know most
americans are willing to give mister bush's war even other dubious that little
curb terror and cn online poll poll shows that eighty two percent in going to
war with a rack will provoke another attack on the u.s. as opposed to thirteen
percent who think it'll prevent one
the orange alert was expected were about to invade an occupying Arab country
so islamic radicals all around the world are angry at us that's also why the
FBI warned Jewish leaders on a Friday that synagogues in Jewish owned hotels
might be especially vulnerable the hawk say things have to get worse before they
get better by setting up our military in a rack one said we can get rid of the
weapons and squalps the sources of terrorism and we can send an example to other
countries if you cooperate with terrorists or menace and menace us in any way
we're even a cross-eyed at us this could happen to you the bush team is
infatuated with solving old problems israel terrorism oil in a bold new way
Americans in the allies have been watching st. colin for months no one knew if
he was softening the velocosity of the bush in a circle or if the inner circle
was using him as the human shield for its plan to change your history but his
appearances at the you in and on Capitol Hill last week general Powell played
general patent the case was less persuasive than the presenter and it wasn't
clear why the presenter had jumped to the war like side but if the man who always
resisted occupying a rack and succumbed to the plan to occupy a rack more diplomacy
as a charade once they scratch their Sodom itch maybe the bush team can zero
in on the terrorists who put us in code orange and North Koreans will put us on
nuclear notice meanwhile Iraq had better ratchet up its own alert
Marine dog wrote the New York Times yesterday probably being paper here tomorrow
tomorrow in a week pretty optimistic five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless long we needed to vote a lot more attention
to Michael Jackson we need to get glory all right on there she was a may make it
around you see her last week yeah with her red sweater glory all red in the
push and if he's a father you know what my comment about it that is what you
got to do with Michael Jordan this should be our worst problem
wqa m
amazing are you always right yeah okay with the you end up here
that's too much second time for you as a whole guy he just he's just
contrary to whatever five six the pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless
line wqa m
thanks Gilbert and our last call on screenless Monday wqa m
hi Neil yes sir I was listening to those idiots this I just want to come in
about Trista she was talking about signing autograph for an hour after the game
like someone's going to stand in line for an hour to get a bachelor red autograph
hmm I'm out of material okay thanks now when she was a cutie you might want
to autograph a q a m cutie that is oh as opposed to like a real cutie I know
we're pushing it a little bit too far you can't be both wanting to be a q m
but to be a real q t well you can't have everything you know I'm saying five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight AT&T whatever that is
in Verizon wireless line and I love of course him the one you're talking about
he's always didn't run Mr. contrary but even the other ones the right
wingers it's like a little a little one little half a sentence and click you know
that's it little hit run don't say no material nothing to say because how can they
rationalize because it's all right here in print one of the main movers and
shakers one of the main writers of all of the fabrications all a bull crap the
reality to hill all the Hillary crap there it is not only is he out of the
closet now but so is all a bull crap WQ a m everybody gets a piece of that
trist of pie WQ and this move in voice WQ a m everybody gets a piece of that
trist of pie
hello Buga Buga WQ a m oh now yes sir this me I'm sorry sounds like me yes I
had to turn the radio down there please I have a very hard time I don't know why I live
up in Wellington I get every better reception up in Wellington and I do down here in
Wellington I can't think of that out I just picked up the phone and call you just
because I wanted to we were talking about the policy thing real quick and if I had
had a chance to vote for Clinton again I would have but I couldn't so
unfortunately I the thing with the without go or was he was no name I didn't hear
a thing from him until the last three days of the you know the election as far as
a no name vice president he didn't he didn't do anything yeah he invented the
Internet yeah he invented the Internet and he saved those minors down there in
Pennsylvania yeah if he had done something prior to any drank any drank a
mean mice hard lemonade you know that but the reason if he had done something
prior to running for president I think we want to what it would want to judge WQ
Bush to be for running for president after I was years after the eight years we had
a prosperity and the Clinton administration wanted George W do absolutely nothing it
was it was a horrible choice on both yeah that is not exactly what I said I agree with
you and I'll say it again so what do we do what do we vote for do we write right
right now I'll see if the airport they're long lines but it's well worth it
there's South al-Koney I've got close personal friend nice to see you thanks for
the uh... bosser I mean the water back in business again outstanding boy if
there ever was a time we needed some water somebody cut off our water a long
time ago when we got a back outstanding South al-Koney who's from
Kuala L.A. by the way what's wrong with that there can be worse things than being
from Kuala L.A. understand it's a beautiful place in fact I'm leaving right
after the show eleven fifty seven at five sixty WQM size matters guys I make no
mistake about that according to the Florida Department of Labor computer
professionals have big big gigantic juicy impressive ones and naturally we're
talking about the only thing that really counts and that's a paycheck because if
you got a big paycheck uh... everything else don't really make that much
difference according to the state of Florida computer careers among the highest
paid in the highest demand fast-ranking up you achieve a new high-paying
computer career in just four short months and before you know you'll have a big
fat one in your wallet and in your bank account fast-ranked got locations all
over town are in Kendall Miami for Lauderdale and Pember Pines they got day evening
weekend schedules so there's no excuse to say a crappy dead end job making working for
peanuts just call fast-trained toll free and they'll explain it to you just how
quickly you can be making a really serious income call eight six six fast-ranked
they got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing to so don't worry about
that call them at one eight six six fast-ranked check them out of the way with
fast-ranked dot com now you can have a big impressive one two thanks for a good
pie's on's at fast-ranked
line and local
your sports video five sixty Q a
m
state called steam but you can call me tell me whenever I'm in town I listen to
you wait a minute I am in town it's the 12 to one hour
three
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
four
what liberal media the truth about bias and news by Eric Alderman, yes I know for Biscum.
Oh. He says in 1985 Murdoch acquired 20th Century Fox Studios in much the same way he acquired
the New York Post with lots of cash and some crucial political interventions from the politicians
he funded. He combined the company with the fledgling Metro media television stations to
launch America's first new broadcast network since the early days of TV. Fox was given every
break imaginable throughout the 1980s and the grounds that a new television network should
be encouraged. Finally in 1994 following nearly 10 years of indifference the FCC checked
into the network's ownership to see if it was foreign owned. It was Murdoch's news corporation
was actually an Australian company out in the American one as he had portrayed it. But rather than
allow the commission to enforce the law according to Reed Hunt and FCC Chair, conservative Republicans
lambasted me for the audacity of having looked into the question. While some of what the Fox network
produced has been genuinely great, most notably the Simpsons, much of its programming appears
devoted to answering the question just how low can you go? Conservatives like William Bennett
and Pat Robertson and direct condemning liberals for the promotion of casual sex and alternative
lifestyles of the expensive societies bedrock social institutions like marriage and courtship.
But Robertson has no more powerful and influential enemy in this regard than his business partner
in the Fox Family Channel. In the spring of 2000 the network that invented studs,
the dating show with stripping men, managed to amaze even its critics with who wants to marry a
millionaire. Here women were invited to prostitute themselves in the base the institution of marriage
for the greater glory of Fox's ratings. It almost didn't matter that the programs producers
went about this task entirely and competently as the alleged millionaire was no such thing but
did have for you a few restraining orders in his past. The marriage was never consummated but the
bride did get to pose naked in playboy. A year afterward Fox managed to about do itself in the
cultural debasement sweepstakes with the debut of Temptation Island in which four committed
couples were dumped on an island and filmed canoodling in various combinations.
From the outset the network's news programs demonstrate they similarly catalyc
interpretation of the term family values when it came to reeling in viewers and hence profits.
Its original flagship occurred in a fair erased much of the journalistic rule book
as Bert Kerns one of its top producers later recounted in order to get a copy of a tape alleging
to show the actor Rob Lowe having sex with Sangyong women of jailbait age. The 1988 Democratic
Convention in Atlanta the producers lifted footage from Atlanta station and claimed it was its own
paid-a-club owner for the sex tape even though he had no legal ownership and physically
destroyed the evidence in the face of a lawsuit. As Kerns puts it the Rob Lowe tape was a milestone
for the show in tabloid television sex celebrity politics crime or LED mercas of session with
home video cameras were all rolled into one. We were the effing champions of the world. In fact
the events caught on tape didn't really take place in Atlanta but were filmed in France
there were no underage girls involved and hence no story but nobody ever reported that.
Details aside Kerns was right the conservative Roger Ailes the former Reagan Bush aid who
then went on to head Fox News Channel said he didn't believe that such shows even required defense.
News is what people are interested in Ailes said we're just getting the same girls to dance around
shiny or poles. Despite this rather tricky track record family values wise when Mordock began Fox
News Channel in 1996 with Ailes at the helm conservative fell all over themselves to praise it.
If it hadn't been for Fox I don't know what I've done would have done for the news
Trent Lott dush during the Florida election recap George W. Bush extooled Bush one aid turn
anchor Tony Snow for his impressive transition to journalism and especially taped April 2000
tribute to Snow Sunday morning show. The right wing heritage foundation had to warn its
staffers to stop watching so much Fox News on their computers lest the entire system crash.
The conservative orientation to Fox is invaluable to the right not merely because Fox
offers the spin on reality conservatives prefer to have people see in here but also because it
helps pull the rest of the not terribly liberal media in its direction. Earlier I discussed the key
role played by Fox and its election analyst George W. Bush's loyal cousin John Ellis
in Huffin create the media stampede to call the election for Bush but the hiring of
Ellis was no isolated incident rather with symbolic of businesses usual. For instance when
just before election day the media discovered that George W. Bush had been hiding a DUI conviction
Fox seemed to spin the incident even more furiously than Carl Rove and Kirin Hughes.
Morton Kondraki of Rulekall called it a footnote. John Fonda the Wall Street Journal a blip
Mara Liyas on a NPR yes I agree with that I think it's a blip. The program in question Fox
special report with Britt Hume did not even bother to devote much attention to the potential
election altering news instead it focused once again on trebles Al Gorehead and fighting
off Ralph Nader. When it did return to the story the FNC the Fox News channel
has been focused on the Bush's campaign charge that the Gore team had somehow engineered the leak.
FNC's Tony Snow went so far to give credence to rumors that the Clinton administration had been
involved and predicted this might help the Bush campaign by creating sympathy for it and
therefore backfire on Gore. Snow never cited a shred of evidence for any of these claims which
was wise as nonexistent. Meanwhile FNC's Paul Azon used a lot on the question of just how
long main Democrats had set on the story. In fact it was the local main newspaper where the
reason we cannot know. As Eric Boler noted all this spinery and a damage control is indeed a far
cry from the days during the head of the Clinton scandals when former FNC correspondent Jeb Duval
according to his account New York magazine was once met by a news producer who came up to me and
rubbing her hands like Uriah Heep said let's have something on whitewater today.
Such fairies however the norm for a station where special about foreign policy is hosted by Fox
commentator and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich. Heroes and irregular series is hosted by
Gingrich's ex colleague in the Republican Congressional leadership John Kasich and on the real
Reagan a panel discussion on Ronald Reagan hosted by Tony Snow all six guests were Reagan
friends and political aid plus the ever-present Ali North. Fox's coverage of the conflict
in Afghanistan is similarly slanted but also kind of crazily flawed. Most famous of course was
the incident which Rolder Rivera missed the spot of the hallowed ground from which he pretended to
be reporting by a mirror 200 miles. Just let it expert expert what liberal media the truth about
Biden news by Eric Alderman hardcover it's out go by 10 copies today.
5670560 now I pick the bad date of quitsniff and glued.
pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon lined up at a QAM.
Hello. Yes sir. Oh hello Neil how you doing. Okay I love your show. Uh-huh. Hey listen um
what they were saying is about Saddam Hussein. He's got like about a week to uh either disarm or
there might be a possibility of war. Listen he's a very disarming gentleman yes.
Yes I understand that but I was just reading an old newspaper uh back from the 80s.
Yeah we also need to focus on the other people too like uh remember Moomara Mohammed
Qaddafi yeah he's somebody that you know we shouldn't uh let our guy.
We cut his balls off he's small potatoes now. I know he's we kind of got a little
we know about since since we killed his kid he conned down a lot. Right but I'm saying a lot of
people don't realize that he's that Libya is on one of the uh you know countries that sponsor terrorism.
Yeah well like like Linda Blair said in the exercise in time and then a lot we need to
also find out what's going on with that food. Yeah okay. Oh maybe Michael Jordan he's
going to have a lot of time on his hand after he hangs it up at the end of the season.
Maybe we can sick Michael on him what do you say huh? Why not?
He can be our new ambassador. He can give him the old double double huh.
WDQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Hey just quick question uh I want to hoping one of the sports guys can
answer one question. Well we don't have any sports guys here sir now it's a wrong time call
after one o'clock when Joseph get get get get get get get get get you'll be here.
Hoping one of the sports guys gonna see that's the curse that we have to operate out of the sports
thing here the sports curse of QAM yeah George is like oh clean yeah like we're on clean now like
we like to take a quick shower separately of course of course you try to take a shower on this place
and you certainly you run into like two of the sports nerds taking a shower together.
Everybody's chasing you with a towel what's that about it? Now what that was said about Hank
talking about Ken Maldon paying for it for what? Talk about the pot calling the kettle fat
Humper come on are you kidding us? Oh that was you hear that promo that was terrible poor Ken I didn't
hear it you'd be embarrassed for the Humper well he hasn't been well lately you know he's under
the weather WDQAM. Can you identify my balls WDQAM? WDQAM?
New
Yes sir. New band. Speaking.
Dan. WDQAM.
Hi I'm Jack.
Nice to meet you.
The meal I hold out.
Turn that radio off sir.
I'm okay. Sorry.
We're wanting to hear all the profanities spewing from your radio in the back.
Okay. Sorry.
We're kind of sure you're listening to anyway.
You're speaking.
Oh hey Neil.
Yeah.
We were debating out that one chair in school.
Re-debating. You sure you think we'll see that our presidential candidate was it
off for all for WDQAM?
Yes.
Joy. Joy Zaza. Is that what he said?
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Joy Zaza who didn't even hit the board in that big race in Pompano 39.
Would you there?
Brian Sirus had 7 more winners at Pompano Park.
Nice going Brian. Baby we love you.
WDQAM.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
You know talking about the liberal press you know you can read stuff on
you know websites like Buzz Flash.
Yeah.
You will never see in the media like I saw something over the weekend
about the new Hampshire Republican party.
You know how on election day people call in to get rides to the polls.
Yeah.
Well the Republicans hired a company to call into the democratic lines and
high up their lines so people couldn't call in.
Yeah.
So but you know this is kind of something that's been happening for like last
couple elections you know they've been the last couple.
Well you know the Republican why don't you understand that they're all a bunch of
crooks don't single out just the Republicans they're all a bunch of
crooks from the way Joe Kennedy fixed the 60 presidential election they're all
a bunch of crooks.
Yeah but the Republicans have been.
Anybody lives in South Florida should understand that election
crooks it's like goes with the territory.
They've been handing out these pamphlets in black neighborhoods saying you
know you can't vote if your rent isn't paid or you know that happened in
St. Louis and Baltimore.
Yeah.
They were handing out pamphlets.
So what's your point here what are you trying to say?
Uh the Republicans are basically bad people they're able to or is
okay the able to or five six seven oh five sixty
pond five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line boy you know I had to
pee for like the last hour.
I mean I don't know I'm telling you that it's just that I the
break comes and I got certainly plenty of time I got lots of spots
and I got plenty of time to go out there and take a leak but I just I don't know
you get distracted by that book.
I think maybe I'm like lazy.
No you go back to reading the book and uh well well I just picked this book up
yesterday and bought it.
I see which I'll be honest with I don't like borders but never
lie it's close to my house and I'm lazy so I get to borders.
I couldn't find a new Gorgon Albook there for a lover money
but I did but I'm lucky I went there because I was looking specifically for
this book I'd written it down and there it is what
liberal media the truth about buy some news by Rick
Alterman so you're reading it and forgetting to go pee.
Bernard Goldberg you should hang your head and shame again okay Bernie
to you all right you live in a past you wait way behind the times man
way behind the times I want to know what and culture thinks about this okay
in George Will and Bob Novak and Bill Crystal
co-host call him see what crystal thinks or Billy Crystal
see what the Tommy James and the uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Sean Delse
think crystal blue persuasion crimson and clover
there you go moony moony
26 past noon. How's Tristan doing speaking of that speaking of morning? I mean, we'll see her no more in
here today. They had Tristan this morning. K. She missed a morning show in between three hours of
Hakan and China about Michael, Michael, Michael Jordan, Michael, Michael at 20 points. He had a nine or 27 shots.
Michael, Michael, Michael, Michael, my, my teeth hurt my headaches. I answered my own question by the way
about that. About one. Remember this morning I was asking why her on that show. Yeah, as opposed to the
other sports that needs the most help ratings ones. But what was that fight me?
That was in total accident. I can't believe that. That was beautiful. Hey Valentine's Day is this
Friday. It's his four days away guys. If you need to want to spoil your wife or girlfriend, send her a
pajama gram. She'll get the softest most luxurious pajamas or lingerie along with a free gift
card and lavender bat T. The center pajama gram shop online at pajamagram.com or call them 1-800-GIF-PJs.
You'll find lots of styles and fabrics like Egyptian cotton and fine silk with designs by
Natura, Crabtree and Evelyn, Niket noranmore. Everything from classic to fun and sexy. They have great
bath and body products and spa gifts too. Skip them all, forget about it. If a gem a gram takes only
five minutes to order plus the packaging is so amazing. You don't even have to wrap. She'll be so
impressed. It'll be unbelievable. Women want to be pampered on Valentine's Day and here's a gift
you'll both love. They're the sister company of course of Vermont teddy bear that we talk about
all the time. So you know you can trust their quality and reliable deliveries waiting for you to.
So be imaginative and original to see her and send a pajama gram. Valentine's Day
delivery is still guaranteed. Visit pajamagram.com or call tool free 1-800-GIF-PJs. That's
pajamagram.com and be sure and tell them that old Neal told you to call stop by and do your thing.
And look all this is 4.256.
Way to way.
And over here.
I remember all those happy days those sunny days of just three years ago.
All my stops just skip on rising and I kept on fantasizing about that joke.
Then along came number 43 just like that my stocks began to slide.
I don't like to throw no blame around but it looks like Georgie took me for a ride.
Your assholes sing GW's Bush and I mix surprise side economic blues.
Guaranteed to make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes.
Join your friends and neighbors. Hell you ain't got nothing to do.
St.G.W's Bush and I mix surprise side economic blues.
And how about those folks that end wrong? Man they really took a hit big time.
And don't forget those accountant guys what they did with the numbers. It's a pride.
And all those other companies left all their employees high and dry.
It just ain't the good old American way and almost makes a grown man want to cry.
St.G.W's Bush and I mix surprise side economic blues.
Guaranteed to make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes.
Join your friends and neighbors. Hell you ain't got nothing to do.
St.G.W's Bush and I mix surprise side economic blues.
And those billion dollar dividend tax cut proposals that's a threat.
With the country and our economy we somebody tell me what's the tale.
It talked about the real world you have to say oh George ain't got a truth.
No way. Let's just send him back to Texas for this trickle down execonomic blues.
St.G.W's Bush and I mix surprise side economic blues.
Guaranteed to make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes.
And those billion dollar dividend tax cut proposals that's a threat.
Guaranteed to make you feel good from your head down to the holes in your shoes.
Join your friends and neighbors. Hell you ain't got nothing to do.
St.G.W's Bush and I mix surprise side economic blues.
All right.
St.G.W's Bush and I mix surprise side economic blues.
Don't be so stupid. I'll stop 35, 560 WDQM.
Joseph Gackie for the Mad Dog is off today coming at 1 o'clock. Hang from Shula State too.
You think he's eating over there right now Hank? That Shula's? I wonder if he's paying for it.
560, 560. Come on, Humphord. Don't be picking out of my close personal buddy Ken Maldon.
Okay. We're going to get started in really parked off WDQM.
Hi Neil. How are you doing? Thanks for reading some of those stories. They're truly frightening.
Truly frightening stuff. I called you a couple of weeks ago and wanted to mention to you that watch out for Friday evenings because that's when the Bush administration releases all of its real knockout punches.
Did you hear about the Patriot Act 2.0? Yes. That they're going to sneak in.
All the speakers have to be given the copy of it and the Democrats are outraged that they're finding out by surprise.
Well I think that it's pretty funny because if you saw the Bush administration's reaction on the weekend to France and Germany possibly putting in NATO troops and NATO inspectors and guards into Iraq and the Bush administration was outraged
at such a sneak attack and that the way that they found out about it was through the media. Well that's how they treat the Democrats.
Yeah. Exactly in the same fashion. And as far as the blinded by the right, it's extended not just into the media but all throughout this Republican government where the fair and balanced approach is the approach that they're using.
On fair and balanced, all spin all day. Absolutely correct sir.
Okay. Have a great day. Good luck to pal. Squeeze that passport real tight till it bleeds.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. 398 people on our pool say word terrorism and bloodshed.
Are the things we ought to be most concerned about right now that's out of 539. 74% almost.
But 79 people say we ought to be most concerned about who will be the next American idol.
Absolutely correct sir.
27 people say ought to be most concerned about Michael Jackson's a bad day. Absolutely correct sir.
15 people say what happened to the Columbia we ought to be concerned about.
13 people say ought to be most concerned that Michael Douglas has a new movie. Absolutely correct sir.
And most important of all seven people say ought to be most concerned that Michael Jordan will retire again.
And so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and so and
So and so and so and so and so with them too
L remaining t h glue pouch was a little bit modified if a little bit modify if a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a little bit modify for a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a Little bit modified for a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a little bit modified if a little bit touched
Stride you ready?
Ready.
More than 700 women oppose new to protest against Australia's likely involvement in a potential
war against Iraq.
We're saying out today that there are other, what is all the pictures of Mayahu.
Lying naked end to end on a grassy, no-oil in the Australian beach town of Byron Bay
Saturday, they formed a heart around the words, no war for an aerial photograph.
And here's the picture right here, which you can enlarge and make it poster-sized.
Australia has sent troops and improved fighter jet deployments to join US and British
forces in the Gulf, preparing for a possible yachty-aughty yachty.
The women ranging in the age of 20 to 60.
Oh, oh, 60.
Gathered on the hillside and the beachside artist, Haven in the far north of New South Wales
State.
One middle age woman had the words, bear it off with the voice down under written honor
back.
And acute?
Yeah.
Bear it all down under.
Bear all ass.
I really realize now that I look up here and see all these women, they're desperate
to let our Prime Minister hear how very angry they are and what he's doing and how much
they disagree with what's happening, Organizer Grace Knight told.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation Radio.
A local police spokesman said the protest was on private property and not visible to
the public.
Night's scenario photos would be distributed to the Garter publicity for the women's
stance and Prime Minister John Howard should recall Australian troops already deployed
them at least.
That's Organizer Grace Knight, no relation to Grace Slick or John S. Knight.
I like that.
I like it a lot.
They're a lion stark naked to protest.
And I think that every young woman in South Florida ought to probably do the same.
Maybe what's their Tristicon start to deal, huh?
At the beach at the malls out here in the parking lot.
Now was she fully clove when she was in this morning or not?
I didn't see her.
Was she wearing her QAM QD outfit?
I doubt that somehow.
Sure raised a lot of fear in history and air this morning.
I'll say that.
I know.
Got to spell it when you say it.
F you.
F you.
20 to one at five sixty WQA.
And everybody's got a different lifestyle.
We only need different things to help us be healthy.
That's why you ought to check out Oliomad Mediterranean formulas because they got advanced
combinations of pharmaceutical, great olive oil, vitamins, minerals, herbal, other nutrients.
And they're scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help
you support specific health needs, all different things.
Look for Oliomad's three new formulas.
They want to help you sleep and help you control your weight and coq 10, which is so important
for your heart.
Oliomad's also got supplements from Oliomad healthy in your circulatory system.
You're digestive, your endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind, your
mind, all using the benefits of the finest style of oil and money can buy.
And Oliomad makes products for men and ladies too.
Oliomad's an exciting new product that you can pick up all over time, just picking
my nose during a...
I have to eat it.
You're looking at me.
You're nervous.
You don't pay any attention.
And now that I just reached so early, I picked a corner mark.
It was more like a hair than a booger.
That's right.
Picked some up today in the Oliomad too.
At publics, Eckerds, Whole Food Markets and Walgreens.
For more information, call Oliomad Tool 3.
And I'll tell you all about their products and what they can do for you.
Call 1-866 Oliomad.
That's 1-866-6536-3633.
You can order their products online if you like.
Oliomadamerica.com.
And don't forget to visit their sampling committee at sportsdown every Sunday during
dolphin season, which is only many, many months away.
Start feeling great today.
Start popping some Oliomad in your posts.
I am the local physicist, 560.
The radio's on your phone.
You win.
You win.
Now when I'm sold mysteries emptied, one of the oldest and most bizarre of all unsold mysteries.
History of why Michael Jackson is constantly making those strange and annoying sounds in the middle of his songs.
And now with the latest album, Her Story.
Not history, her story soon to be released.
The enigma continues.
No exception to this is Michael's latest single of the album's screen with a sister Janet.
Amidst the usual chaotic lyrics and driving beat.
Our producers here at Unsold Mysteries counted no less than 33 whoos in more than 15 groaning noises.
Millions of fans of Michael Jackson might ask themselves, what does it all mean?
Could it be Michael has some sort of medical problem?
Perhaps it's an offshoot of Tourette's syndrome or just the annoying whalings of a confused and gender questioning man-child.
And yet another question.
Does Michael make these distracting, hard sounds in everyday life or just when singing?
For example, might this happen in a restaurant?
Does it like, I'll have the prime rib?
And a big potato with sour cream?
And for dessert the custard pop?
The real thing.
The real tragedy is that some of his finer songs about helping poor children worldwide are greatly spoiled with those distracting.
Oh, half the children make the world a better place to live.
Oh, any, ha!
Anybody has a clue as to why Michael continues to make these god-of-all noises?
Why this man is so annoying?
Please call Unsold Mysteries.
Oh, ha!
I think I got an idea why does it-
He's an asshole.
Anyway, 1246 so I forgot to mention, because I did tape on my Tivo, uh, Eltervision, whatever.
The show that I missed right at night.
Or Thursday.
And what night was it on?
Michael's acting Thursday.
Oh, that thing.
You saw it, right?
I loved it.
I mean, I flipped back and forth.
Okay, well let me just say this right now.
And I've actually seen all of it from the beginning to end.
How could any person in its right mind believe any of that?
In other words, this whole thing was so staged, it was pathetic by him I'm talking about in his end.
They thought they were going to have it to our infomercial.
The part in the beginning where he's asking him about writing the music and he starts dancing.
I didn't know whether to scream, to cry, to kill myself, to put a rock through the TV screen.
You know the part I'm talking about?
Yeah, yeah.
He's dancing.
And he's, uh, he's showing his powers.
His powers and dance.
And of course you did, you did know that he was going to be outraged.
Oh, of course.
And the way it was presented because if he wasn't outraged, that would have been it.
That would have been the end of it.
But now he's got a video about the filmmaker guy.
Right.
Now it has to go on about how indignant he was and about he was promising.
And his friend Yuri Geller, who's busy spending spoons and singing about Michael's acting.
Correct him.
Can you believe, talk about an interesting, I don't know.
I don't know.
Yuri Geller and Michael Jackson together.
They're bending the tailor.
Yeah, yeah.
Don't leave that bitch out.
She won't have it.
Oh, here you know, remember I mentioned this about Oyster?
A person who sprinkles his conversation with the English Expressions, right?
So this is the Washington Post.
Publishes a yearly contest in which readers are asked to supply alternate meanings for various words.
The following were some of this year's winning entries.
Coffee.
A person who was coughed upon.
Flabbergasted, appalled over how much weight you gained.
Beast.
Abdicate.
To give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach.
Esplanade.
To attempt an exploration while drunk.
Willie Nilly.
Impotent.
Negligent.
Describes a condition in which you absinmindedly answer the door in your 90.
Lymph.
To walk with a lisp.
Gargoyle.
An olive flavored mouthwash.
Flatulence.
The emergency vehicle that picks you up after you run over by a steamroller.
Boulder dash.
A rapidly receding hairline.
Testicle.
A humorous question on an exam.
Rectitude.
The formal dignified demeanor assumed by a proctologist immediately before he examines you.
Rack them.
Oyster we did.
Oyster is a person who sprinkles his conversation with the dentist's expressions and...
Oyster.
Circumphant.
The opening in the front of boxer shorts.
Very good.
Frisbee terranism.
The belief that when you die, your soul goes up the roof and gets stuck there.
And Pokemon, a Jamaican proctologist.
That one I'd heard.
And that cute?
Little Pokemon?
Yeah, that's kind of cute.
So there you go for what it was worth killing about 30 seconds.
That's not too bad.
Thank you for whoever sent that to us.
5670560.
Pound 560.
We're actually waddling our way here through a Monday, you know what?
Hasn't been easy.
Hasn't been easy.
I'm not feeling the greatest today.
I feel like I died overnight.
Nobody told me about it.
I think it's that stuff has come in through the vents here.
This is like I did.
I think they really cranked it up.
Have you do it today?
But it's the nice knowing you.
WQAM.
My balls on your chin.
WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Yeah, the idol you guys were asking about.
The what?
The idol.
My idol would be pita, Noah.
Squirt, squirt.
WQAM.
Yeah, like to speak to me.
Speaking.
Neal.
Yes, sir.
Taking your advice.
Tomorrow I'm getting on a plane.
Got my passport.
I'm going to Australia.
Really?
Yeah.
You mean like to stay?
Well, I'm buying a piece of property and I'm going to retire.
Well, good for you.
You'd like it over there.
Why is that?
Well, there's so many fags over there.
Sydney has the largest gatebox.
Well, I don't like count.
I don't like count.
So to speak, that's a bad expression.
You know?
But Sydney is a great town.
And if you miss Miami, they got Joe Gerstin there.
Oh, yeah.
That's true.
Be sure to give them a big kiss for us.
Tell me what's the main back.
Good luck, pal.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, which up a little bit?
You'd like to send me there's a lot of fags there.
You know, a lot of fags in Toronto.
A lot of fags in Amsterdam.
A lot of fags in Miami.
A lot of fags in Fort Lauderdale.
That's what I call her said.
It's everywhere you look.
There's another faggot.
Of course, she was probably having lunch with Matt at the time.
12.51.
Well, what's wrong with you?
What is your problem?
I don't care.
Can't you handle the truth?
Are you going to do that Jack Nicholson routine?
I can handle it.
Can't you deal with the truth?
I find it sad.
I don't find it funny.
I find it tragic.
After reading this book by David Brock, this closeted homo, who became a tool if I can use
that term of right wing extremist and now be moans the fact that he helped to bring
this country through all those years of this crap based on lies and bull crap.
Lies!
Stuff just made up.
And now because of the fact that they turned on him and even after they forced him out
of the closet and they even for awhile and let him ride on his coat tail so there's
somebody's tail.
And that was still okay.
He was the fashionable right wing fag but then as soon as they had reason to turn on him,
what do you think it was?
You faggot!
Right.
So it's not as though he voluntarily came to his senses and did the right thing or did
the sense of a more decent thing?
I don't understand that.
And I'll say it again.
It's like Jews for Hitler.
It's like Black folks for David Duke.
I just don't get it.
Well, they got to wear the fancy star.
Oh.
1252 at 560 WQ.
I'm going to tell you about our good close personal friend Jeff Cohen.
He's got two great-broward locations.
If you like pizza, if you like pasta, if you like calzones, if you like chicken dishes,
if you like veal, if you like garlic, good at that and stuff, if you love delicious garlic
rolls you'll fall in love with the world flaming pizza lock with locations in Davy and
Alan Plantation.
And the good news is, oh did I ever tell you the rest of that story by August I did about
the rumors?
Yeah, yeah, you did.
Yeah, I did.
I did.
But at any rate, you probably see Jeff Rimmer and the whole family eating there with
he go in for lunch or for dinner or for late night snack.
They'll be there enjoying a nice meal.
Jeff and Ferrell will be there having nice, nice, free meal because I think now we got
the 100% on the actual.
You folks will have to pay, but the prices are so low at the pizza lock that only the
world's cheapest of the cheese gates would go in there for freebies.
Prices are reasonable every Monday, like tonight is a lasagna at the loft every Tuesday
of the day, plant night.
By one of these dinners on these nights get the second month for only five bucks.
Wednesday kids eat free with it all say can see Jeff's famous magic show every Thursday
is bike night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner get the second draft price.
In Davy, you'll find a pizza lock on university, dry right, beer, one imports lots and lots
of re-parking.
They're right by Armadillo Cafe.
For take out for delivery for catering in Davy call 9.5.4 9.16.8880 9.5.4 9.16.8880
and don't forget the new pizza lock and plantation right by me corner Navajo and Sunrise right
beyond Walgreens for take out delivery there 382 1999 382 1999 the same great food the
same very reasonable prices and the same friendly service at the world famous pizza lock.
We're supporting you 5.16.
You A.M.
I get in and hold it.
Joe Zagaki for the mad dog at one.
For me, not anything is perfect.
You can don't like all the harbor.
Don't dump dump every time I see.
All Ravi.
He's president of the
republican mussel in angelic Maria.
I don't know why they all want
his gum but not easier for
I'm gonna connect four years with President Thumb
S***
Thumb
S***
Thumb
Oh what I get to go both ones fall
And get to we all voted for one
If you want this
Thumb
S***
Thumb
Thumb
S***
Thumb
We're not a great leader here with President Trump
Make sure it's virus me. I'll say it's virus me to come in and do this short. We ate 1258 and 560 WQ and we got we do have Joseph Gacky people
I guess assume I'm joking about that. Huh? Yeah, they assume I'm joking about that. We got Joseph Gacky coming up next at one o'clock for the
mad dog who's off today because it's a bus mentality again and you're gonna play I know you're gonna do the all mine and I just I can smell it. I can feel a
Come and George. Oh, no. What were you gonna play? I don't know yet. I'm shopping around. I think we're gonna go
Joseph Gacky sucks, okay? But he knows it's just it's just a radio show. Don't take it personal like some hard
asses out there who take everything real personal and get up tight and stuff like that. WQ I am
WQ I am. Hello. Do it. Do it. Do it. WQ I am. Okay, that's it. That takes care of your screenless. That was okay. They managed to
Like come through with what we got like one or two real calls today to your four three. It's not bad. That's almost one
hour. That's not too bad. WQ I am. They love the, yeah, we know you're nuts. WQ I am. That's not too bad. WQ I am. Turned up a little bit louder. Come on.
At least we know wasn't Gilbert anyway. That's a little bit more than Gilbert's capable of saying. Gilbert lately his
Vocabulary is a little bit unlimited side like and what's the other one that we can't see on the air starts with an after
Enter the earth. I see 575 votes which of these things should be most concerned about what should we be most
Obsessed about right now? War terrorism and bloodshed 427. This thing better hurry up and there it is 430 like I said. We'll be the
News has a new movie 13 and Michael Jordan will retire again for the umpteenth time. Eight people be saying that
They're worried about Michael Jordan retiring again. You know, I'm really concerned about that. The Humper picking on Ken Maldives. Bye bye bye.
This is better than sex.
