Motherf**k up
I racked the crappy little country
Feels like the mustache on a stage
Just get rid of that
You're in drinking chubby and blow up
The whole goddamn place
There, shot the mousainz of motherf**ker
Saddle mousainz of motherf**ker
Saddle mousainz of motherf**ker
Saddle mousainz of motherf**ker
Saddle mousainz of motherf**ker
Saddle mousainz of motherf**ker
Saddle mousainz of motherf**ker
I don't want to get muffle into doing all that on the trip right off the bat
But some asshole in here has blown one of our speakers
Too much blowin' goin' on in here
Now, seriously, when you crank up speakers
No matter how in these are pretty damn good speakers
Especially for this cheap ass company
And they came in here and diddled around which always goes on
And they blew the speakers like pitted
You know what that means?
It's the pits
It's pitted
So it's like all distorted in here
It's fine on the year
In fact, people are telling me it's that sound so good
It's like we're sittin' right in their lab
And most of you believe me
We don't want any part of that
And I'm sure they're feeling as mutual
But it sounds like crap in here, Muff
And that's because you guys, you and Clarence and Greg
And Maddie Bell
And Rape Perry and the other 55 managers
We have Irdeville screw in
You won't do anything for us
You won't keep these assholes out of this room
There's no reason for that
Maybe the janitor did it, what do you think?
No
And he's a pretty good guy
He didn't do it
Maybe the dog done it
That's right, my dogs are dead
Maybe Sodom did it
So I'm sure that there are people out there
And say, well, now, after last night, Neil
I bet you're really, really gonna change your attitude about this all the time
No, of course not
Why would you?
I don't know, but you know that the hawks out there think
Oh yeah, this shows you
Of course we don't really know
In spite of NBC's
Vendelating, hyperventilating last night
Just foaming at them out
Although I'll tell you who foamed at them out the most
And it's not unusual for him
I'm coming back home from the track
And I turned us on and we got the big
I like I've always told him
A good guy, like him a lot
But he's just awful on here
So I punched over to see what Iod was doing
And they had all
And don't get me started about Phil
You heard for the first time in months
You're right, even when he does do anything serious
I mean anything comical
He uses the anti-war people
And the foil
They're always the ones that he's making fun of
Right
And it was really important
But anyway, I don't want to go out of that, you know
Are you sure?
I'm not gonna talk about it
It was gross
No, seriously, it was like one step away from making fun of 9-11
You just don't do that
There's nothing funny about what's going on over there now
But anyway, all of a sudden
I'm in the middle of listening to him doing this routine
And on comes my former producer from WS News 100 years ago
John, uh-huh
Levitt
My friends in the Jewish community
And my friends in the Cuban community
First of all, you don't have any friends, John, okay?
You don't have any friends
And how come your wife had to drive your home every night at midnight, huh?
It's a story, John. What's a real story?
Uh-huh
So he comes on, he's the WID News person there at night
I mean, this market just keeps recycling
The same old trash over and over and over
I mean, look at me, you know
Now seriously, to keep recycling the same sad, pathetic trashy, I mean, just awful
Uh-huh
And he's hyperventilating about NBC reports that Sodom was saying that the two sons had both been killed
And he puts on MSNBC
But that's not good enough and then he interrupts it again to hyperventilate and embellish it
In other words, Sodom and his two sons are dead
Don't don't believe anything you hear now from Lister Hold
They're dead
They're dead, they're dead, you know
Uh-huh
And of course this morning, and anybody who was watching Flip in her Model last night
CNN waited a half an hour before they even touched that story
Which of course they're usually an hour and a half behind
So that's an improvement for them
But, uh, because anybody else was like really shying away because we don't know
We, first of all, now we find out we don't even have a sample of his DNA
Right
I think they had a couple of hairs from that mustache but they're not sure which Sodom that was
Whether it was number one, number 18 or Groucher, what he knows and the glasses
So they don't really know which mustache
Well, the real Sodom, please stand up
No
Oh, he can't good
See, I'm one of those people who would say, hey, if they got him and the two sons
Great
Great
Because he is a scumbag and a dictator and ruthless
And number two, maybe if that happened, it will shorten all of this insanity over there
That's the only reason I'd be excited about it
Catch my drift
Follow the bouncing balls
That's what Gildi said
So I come in this morning in a fairly decent mood
Now, all of my ear won't unplug, you know
I would say to Carlos, we need to get a little plunger
Need to get one of those mini plungers like you open your toilet with but not quite that big
And just put that right up against your ear and I just pull that thing over there
But, the one with the unlucky
No, not that
That's what I had in mind
And just open that baby up and the ear too
But it's just, it's frustrating as hell
I know the audience don't want to hear about these things, they want to hear about John Levert
Oh, you're so embarrassing, John, you're a silly person, you are very, very silly person, John
And you don't look like Jim Morrison at all
Yeah, he used to go on the road with the doors
I think that's when his brains started getting fried in the beginning
And then he had to work with Tom Don't Like Us
And I think that kind of finished him off, that was the end of him
Tom Don't Like Us
Oh, yeah, he was great, got in the car in the middle of the night one night and just took off her Phoenix
Just left Tom in the middle of the night after the book came up
Sorry, Tom
And then he runs around town, everybody, he beat me into ratings
Yeah, one book, when we had, when we had, no, seriously, I and Z had World Series and the baseball playoffs on
I was preempted like 14 out of 16 nights
And he edged me out in that rating book because I was never on
Yeah, and he's still to this day, tells that story all
Or he's syndicated and he's probably got a better agent than I do
But then again, who the hell don't?
From what I'm here, and even Mickey
Oh, I see
He has a better agent than I do
But that ain't saying much, Norma
Now what the hell is that about to say that was so bad that it was important?
Something, oh, about coming in this morning
And I'm not going to make that same mistake again
I want to put him on notice right now, okay?
I don't like you, I can't stand you, I'm not going to put on a phoniac, that's just not me
I try to be civil with everybody in the building
I've bitched about the fact that I'm an unfriendly place this is, especially the power 96 people
They're really, have you ever noticed that?
Oh, they're stuffed on stink, man
Most of the time, like you get in the elevator, hey, how are you doing?
And they don't even look at you, they don't even acknowledge your existence because they're on FM
Well, we are jealous of that, but they're still assholes
So I come in this morning and I walk by and of course it's during the break
What is, I guess he goes in there during the break with Zach and Robert because they're a captive audience
And nobody else in the building will speak to him
So they're stuck in there, you know, they can't leave
So during the break he goes in there and sits his fat old tired ass on a chair and there with him
And as I come by, there's the big window, of course, and he sees me
Starts that wave and crap again, well I just kept right on walking
Yeah, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna, no, I will not dignify you with a response
You rotest nasty, bitter, mean, spirited, hostile, angry old man
I'm not gonna do it, you put on a real fine act on the air
Hey, yeah, Geldy, you know, all this yuckin' it up
You're an asshole, man, everybody hates you
They despise you, during, we're like, shit, in fact, she likes to shove me out of the way and dance on your grave first
Can you imagine the rush there would be in that line to see what dance on that thing first?
Boy, you'd get elbowed all the way real quick
And she could do it if anybody could, man, that bitch could do it
So anyway, and so I just keep walking and that's only a few feet to the door here, be unlocked the door and come in this place
Now he opens up the door and yells out, hey, Niel, you know what that stentorian voice is?
And I just kept walking and ignored him
And I apologized to myself, not to anybody else to myself
For that moment of weakness I had last week, whenever it was and I actually concerted with him, I guess it was last Monday
Actually, waved back and spoke to him, opened up the door and said, you know, whatever, I will never do that again
Because that already meant, what are you laughing about? I already made the pledge that I will not speak to a scumbag like that
And of course, then there were those people I should point out who think I'm a scumbag now because they don't like my position on the war
I was just telling Muff that it's a hockey game on Sunday, which was a grotesque experience anyway
And if the attract last night I noticed that certain people who always are just falling over and saying, Niel, how you know am I good close personal friends?
Now are like, they don't see me, I become an invisible man
And it's got to be, I think I use some right guard and some left guard, I don't think I stunk
But it's the war thing, you know, you just cannot be out there on the edges of reality in this country, you've got to go step along and I refuse to do it
I will not do it
I believe very strongly that this is insanity, that all these people are dying, for nothing, what are they dying for?
We could have kept him bottled up there for years, he wasn't a threat to us, and then these assholes, they were saying, have you forgotten 9-11? Of course we haven't forgotten 9-11
That's what we ought to be putting all of our resources and attention to
All of these billions of dollars that we're spending to allegedly change the regime over there and to liberate the poor, oppressed Iraqi people, at least the ones who are still going to be alive
Can you imagine if we spent those billions in homeland security and fighting terrorism around the world?
Let's go get all of those scumbags, let's have the resources to do it, the people who really are a threat
But all of our people are heavily, a lot of them don't have any oil, that's right
Are you starting in again? You just, just like George Man, you like George Jr
You're just like, I told you he wanted to make you his clone, you're just like George Jr. just starting up again
Say something pleasant, you know, like, hey how about putting that plunger on you and open it up fat, so something pleasant like that
And of course I won't hear a name, because my ears plugged up, so I don't give a crap what you say
Hey Mo, we hate you man, how can anybody like that be in such denial, you know?
And how can anybody leave the house wearing a silly, did you see over his eyebrow?
No
The muskrat reached down out of its slumber and bit him over the eyebrow in a forehead, did big gaping hole
Yeah, it's a true story
I'm gonna have to take a look at it
The blood was pouring down inside of his head, I thought maybe Gildi and him got into a spat or something
It's 11 past nine at five sixty WQM on a swell Tuesday, and by the way Zach and Robert I'm not in a bad mood
Just because I don't speak to that grizzled arm, I'm in a fine mood, if my ear would open up I'd be in a sensational mood
I feel pretty good
What? I can't hear myself
No, seriously, you've been through it, you know what that's like, it's very frustrating
Horrible, it's awful
And of course I have that great doctor and I think I'm gonna go see her again the next day or two
But I don't think, you know, she's great, but she doesn't seem to want to do anything for my ear
She likes to stick that thing up my nose
That little camera thing, you know, I'm able to long and wait down your throat and then you're pooping it
She likes doing that because it inflicts a certain amount of discomfort and pain
But when it comes to opening up my ears, I'm like, eh, just you know, it'll be okay
Well of course it's not her ear, it's my goddamn ear, it's not her ear
She's not the one who feels like she's in some kind of, you feel like you're in a cavern, like in a cocoon like you're, you know
It's frustrating
Thank God that went away
No, it didn't go away, you said you went to a real doctor and you opened it up for when you're here too
Well thank God I found a doctor that would actually stick something in there
Oh, I'm not touching that
Don't start talking about your proctologist again, man
And like I said, just like George, here he goes again with that
Rack them!
Ask crap
12 minutes after 9 at 5, 60 WQM, how many times have you heard about a great opportunity and you didn't act, you didn't grab it, you missed out
Well right now is one of those times better listen up, listen carefully, get it with it
Really, it is an opportunity interrupt you but this one should interest rates have gone down even lower
The financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45% then they lowered it to 2.95% now
Rates have gone down even lower, 2.45% financing with financial group, let me say it again
2.45% it is absolutely un-belated
Call financial group toll free 1-800-940 land, how long will these low interest rates last? Probably not for a long
So it's a window of opportunity hop right through it like Superman with a financial group and get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself
Thousands and thousands and millions of dollars
Call financial group 1-800-940 land, what will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments you're wondering? Well I'll tell you
If you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $786 bucks a month, if you have a $100,000 loan you pay only $393 bucks a month
Do it now, call financial group and start saving right away, call 1-800-940-LND, 1-800-940 land
There were an equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply, rates are subject to change without notice 5.34 APR
Thank God for my friend Dick Feinberg at Pompodo Park, he still likes me anyway
This is sports when you're fighting, you're a...
Yo yo, let's rate more, radio big shot
Alright, that's how we pass the time away in the Galeo-Jaleo-R
Oh!
Introducing the Daryl Strawberry School of Addiction, Lesson 3
Things that can get you high in your attic
Hello, this is Daryl Strawberry and believe that or not I recommend smoking your own instimulation
You know that's the stuff the pink panther do leaves behind, granted it is a bit of a tough life but once you get it going
Wooo, bar!
The Daryl Strawberry School of Addiction, open now at Samper
916 is being a Daryl, the reason I played that former baseball star Daryl Strawberry was ready to be set free after serving part of an 18 month sentence for violating probation
On cocaine possession charges, poor Daryl, man
He served 11 months in Gainesville Correctional Institution where he participated in a substance abuse treatment program set as attorney Daryl Rouson
He's expected to release today, how do you like it? Don't you think we ought to go have a big welcoming for Daryl?
No
Huh?
No
We can sort up all the baselines
So I'm sure you probably want to know the results of yesterday's poll, don't you? Well, here they are
1398 votes, I should let it go until it gets to 1400, don't you think? We got 1401 I think yesterday
Huh?
That's we're getting up there
Couple of people get on there and vote please
Oh, well, anything we're getting up there, yeah, on a weekday poll
Don't you see the hits we're getting on there? We're getting more hits than Daryl
It's pretty damn exciting, man
Pretty damn exciting, people are going to NewRudges.com because Carlos and Eric are doing such a good job on it
And me too, for those bedtime stories, we already got some good stuff on there for
Not just the usual problem, the usual propaganda
And you can listen to CBC on it too, there's a link to listen to the CBC and get some real news like real news people bring it
Instead of all this breathless propaganda and all these puff pieces about oh, saving private Jessica, you know all of that stuff
It's just, it's very sad
And even sadder is the fact that the presidents of popularity keeps going, if somebody faxes me this time
A new CNN Gallup poll out this morning so the president's popularity is an astounding 80%
Well, keep in mind his daddies was 86% in the middle of the first Gulf War
So there's still hope
And when he ran for reelection, he got his ass trumped by Bubba
And he wanted to know why because the economy was in a crapper and he lied to his teeth
Now knew taxes, eh?
Who mocked me, whiny and wimpy, eh?
Like I think George Bush senior, he was kind of like the guilty of presidents, you know?
Whiny, wimpy, eh?
Well, I guarantee a guilty's got a bigger, well
Here's one that says I used to have what is called Swimmers Year for years
The best I found was to take warm hydrogen peroxide and slowly poured into my ear
You can use a small syringe and most of the time it will clear the blockage
Good luck, says Rick
Well, thanks Rick
In other words, he said stick it in your ear
Which is a lot nicer than saying
Yeah, no, like Sally Fitzwood did
Or she was, she gave us all Fitz
Hey Sally
And rum smells approval ratings up to 76 for the, I don't care what their approval rating is
So, it's not going to change my opinion and let me say it again, most people eat them McDonald's
Does that make it good?
No
Does that mean it's a quality food?
No
Does that mean it's good for you?
No, but most people eat them McDonald's
Because most people's taste sucks
If people had good taste we'd have a 95 share on this show
What are you laughing about? It's the truth
Yes, it is
Well, what else are they going to listen to?
Dr. Lara
Oh, you're a bunch of communist, I mean only a bunch of right wing looted tech Orthodox Jews would listen to that crap
Even Jew Lieberman don't want to hear that
Schmidt
I almost said it
I almost, I came this close
I came a Dr. Lara Curly here away from saying, Schmidt without the M
Used to play third base for the Phillies by the way they boot them out of town like everybody else
You people from Philadelphia, man, what's wrong with you?
Huh?
All these clowns showing up there on Sunday for the hockey game
We love the flyers, yeah, wait till Leafs kick their ass tomorrow night, I hope
Flyers in and may believe
Let's talk some hockey, what do you say?
Oh, and speak of it, I'm on a tear today, you just wait, I might never even get to a call
I'm just, I'm letting it all out
Even better
Because I feel better if my ear would open, I'd feel great, I'd feel just like
Yeah, good
Which I haven't felt since that damn stroke, and then of course Greg comes in yesterday
Oh, you had a, you had that pulmonary embolism too?
And I thought to myself, you stupid, inconsiderate bastard, he doesn't care
I've already been through this already told him what happened, I mean it happened on the 10th of February, okay?
So this is the 8th of April, it's less than two months ago
And I had a pulmonary embolism, could have killed me, I had like a minor stroke, cut off the circulation of my brain
Nothing in my case that makes much difference, but you know when you get shortness of breath, like uh oh
200,000 people in this country die every year from pulmonary embolisms
Maybe some good can come from the tragic loss of David Blument, or 39 years old with a lovely wife and three little girls
If nothing else good can come from it, as people become more aware of what that is, because who the hell most people don't even know what that is, they think
PE stands for Fizzed, they know from pulmonary embolism
And isn't it great that the Lord, this good God, all the God squad people with their God? Isn't it great all the different things he's invented to kill us?
High blood pressure, pulmonary embolisms, gird, IBS, SPSCA
He works in mysterious ways that God, man
He's killing us
Softly with his thumb
Okay, we get up to 14 hundred yet, I bet you we did
Let's take a look on here
Oh 1410, see that we had a plethora, well I'm not going to read off that, I'll read off the old one
Because I printed it out already, I'm going to add like it's too much work, I'm too lazy and old for that
I don't want to print that out again, I could read it right off of there, but it's too confusing
Which of these describes you, liberal against the war, 397, that's the up to the day total, see I'm not messing around
Independent against the war, 281
So let's see, that's 47 point, 48% even, those two categories, you're following us?
Got it?
48%
And conservative against the war, 45, so there's another 3.2, so 51.2% of this audience against the war
Now some people are going to say, well that's your crowd, well who else am I going to ask?
Of course it's my crowd
I'm very proud of the fact that we got some people out there who just don't go along with a mainstream
Because it's politically correct
And the way that they're treating the protesters now, which we'll get to by the way, what a disgrace that is
All of a sudden we smell the aroma of gunfire at Kent State all over again
Because if it's rubber bullets first and real bullets aren't far behind, I'm afraid
I'm a disgrace
Anyway, now see I'm going to know how to read this thing
51.2% are against the war
Conservatives in support of the war, 166, independent in support of the war, 171
And liberal in support of the war, 99, so that total is what?
270 and 186 is 456
Even with that stroke, man, your math is right on
My math, I'm a genius on math, algebra, I had a 98 in algebra, 99
How did 99 in calculus put? Ask me something about calculus now and...
You're not too bright
Anyway, see just like George, Mr. Smarty pants, there he goes again
I had an idea, what do you make about two bucks an hour?
Two bucks, is that what they're doing?
It's a good thing he's got in math, man, trying to stretch that three bucks an hour
He's making Eric QAM
Anyway, you're doing a great job, just shut up
Okay, now what am I doing? Against the war, you got 19.6%
And I mean, almost say, you're confused me now, you interrupt it just like George
In support of the war, 25.5 and 7 is 32.5, what I say, 5, 32.5, 32.5
And then the emissites and the... we also have, I don't get to submit about any of it, 114.8.1%.
So in this audience, 51.2 to 32.5 are opposed to the war.
Now of course, I'm assuming that that might change if and when John Levin comes on again, breathlessly and says,
Ah-ha, they're dead, they're dead.
You know, they're dead. Talk about irresponsible, man, but that's cheap channel, they don't care.
Just, you know, have somebody on their screen in the hollering, which he's excellent for that.
John, ah-ha, Levin, you're an idiot, John. You're a moron, man. You're a siffled in.
And by the way, how come you can't drive yourself home at midnight? What's the story, John?
That's embarrassing.
Embarrassing isn't the word for. I used to have to schlep how all the way to North Miami after work.
Way to hell out of the way.
On nights that his wife didn't feel like sitting out there waiting for him to drive him home,
there's something really strange with that, ah-ha, John Levin on WIOD.
Boy, do I, the spies that entire keep channel operation, they make me want to puke.
WIOD, oh, I hate that station.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, let's get, let's get, let's interspersion calls in here today,
because like I said, I'm on a real rule. I'm going to rip Hank in a minute about hockey.
Do you hear his comments yesterday?
No.
See, look, I love Hank, though, it's not personal, it's business.
But I do want to say this to you.
Talk about something you know about and hockey's not one of those things.
Old Codger calls him up, which, yeah, it's Hank's crowd.
Old Codger calls him up and says, well, you know, Hank, how come in overtime and hockey for overtime loss to get one point,
but in the NFL, if they get a tie, they don't get any, first of all, they don't have, the answer should be,
they don't have any points in football, in the standings.
They've wins, losses and ties, okay?
NBA, do they have ties in the NBA? No.
Baseball are their ties in baseball? No, unless it's a rain out or whatever, curfew.
So every sport is different.
Now, Hank did say the NHL, he just went ballistic with this guy.
Oh, the NHL is crap, it's garbage. See, everything is crap.
And I grant you that they're in a lot, big trouble, the NHL is no question.
A lot of franchise is in deep crap. But then again, baseball is in deep crap.
Right, as a matter of fact, hockey is not a great sport.
It's just that a lot of greed there and the same problem with the other sports.
And of course, the next season, the season after that will be a lockout or a walkout or whatever,
a strike and it won't be any season.
It's greed is what it's all about.
It's spiraled out of control.
And that's why, you know, the smaller markets like Buffalo and Pittsburgh and markets like that,
Carolina and deep crap, because they can't pay the kind of salaries to compete.
But the reason we have over time, losses and getting a point in a hockey is,
first of all, it's not a bad thing, Hank, I hate to break the news to you.
You silly fat old you.
The fact of the matter is, it was a great thing because they played four on four for five minutes.
And, you know, there were too many ties in regulation before and it ties like kissing your sister.
So this gives you opportunity for a team, for you know, to really go after the extra point and overtime.
But you're not going to forfeit the point that you had in regulation.
Let's say the game is three, three in regulation.
Well, each team gets a point for a tie-in hockey.
Well, they're not going to give it away because they lose it overtime.
So they keep the one point they got, but here's the incentive for the other team to get the extra point.
There's nothing wrong with it. It makes for a lot of excitement.
It's one of the best things, one of the only smart things they've done in years, okay?
So get on there and talk about something you know about, Humber and hockey.
I mean, this station is, oh, other than Geltie and me, there is no hockey knowledge on this station.
None.
You can't complain about the knowledge of the world's greatest sport on this day because there just isn't any.
And then, Mo, this morning's on there talking about this kid that the Panthers are going to draft.
They want to draft one.
He would know that kid of he came in and bid him on his bag, you know?
If he sucked his varicose veins dry, he wouldn't know who the hell he was.
Even I don't know who the hell he was. Who the hell knows?
Now, they're youngster in the organization in all of those deals.
Pratt.
By the way, Rimmer quit playing so much golf. You cheap bastard.
Gotta see cheap.
Yeah, he admitted to me that he's got a big sign on his front lawn.
Remember his balls.
Two for a dollar.
27 past nine at five sixty WQAM.
Oh, I sure hope that wasn't in Donut, Shalela, don't see that.
And you know who, oh, the best part of it is Eddie Jones lives in the same complex.
Can you imagine if Eddie Jones sees Rimmer sign? Two balls for a dollar?
Oh my god.
You'll move. Oh, jeez.
Oh my god.
Wow.
You want to lose some weight?
All fat people.
All of us fat folks, we pride everything under the sun.
Everything except the kitchen sink.
Here's one of the possibilities for it.
Balance for life. It's working for a lot of people.
The beast has lost 60 pounds on it.
It should be a lot more, but he's a fat.
You know the word that goes after that.
But nevertheless, if you're sick and tired of looking bad,
and nothing even will wear any real clothing, and also being unhealthy from fat,
and believe you me, if you're a young person who's fat, lose the weight.
Please.
Because once you get to be an old fart like some of the rest of us like me,
it'll catch up with you.
Balance for life is the easiest, delicious way to do it.
And the food like I told you yesterday has been getting better and better.
This is the last time around that I'm here now.
The food is just sensational.
The Rubin Raps are incredible.
That the fusilli.
It was pretty silly, but that's it.
It's giliano. It's great.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting,
just five delicious goodies in your little black sack.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks.
They bring you your little black sack with all your food for the day every day.
So it's fresh, nothing frozen, nothing artificial, and delicious.
And all balanced according to the principles of the zone diet,
which works like a charm, that weight pours off your body,
you have plenty of food to keep you satisfied all day,
and there's no guesswork involved.
The only choice you make is between two alternatives for each one of the meals every day that's run a program.
So lose weight finally, the easy, the painless way, you're not deprived, you're not depraved.
Call balance for life today, and you can look even more lovely than the beast
when you put that first mouthful of food in your puss.
Call 954-568-3229.
95, by the way, Moe, we hate you.
954-568-3229, or visit their website at balanceforlife.com.
Live and local.
Here's sports radio, 560-CUA.
CUA, yeah.
Great is funny.
New one, NBC.
From the producer of Let's Make a Deal,
and the director of Girls Gone Wild.
Or by a while, I tell you this, by the way.
It's strip, per cash.
Yes, I will pay you $50 for each piece of clothing you take off.
Cool!
I'll take everything off.
Strip, per cash.
She's my IUD, a piece of clothing.
Oh!
I'm 32 at 560 WQM, happy Tuesday to a god of that earwood open.
I'd feel great.
For the first time in two months, I really would.
Sounds great.
Sound better than you have.
Don't stare at sucking, right?
You see what I mean?
Just like yours.
Sucking around, sucking around.
Sound great.
I know I sound great.
I need some learning.
It's like you tell me I sound great.
What do you say?
You're not slurring anymore.
No, well, there you go.
Oh, that's another thing.
You are better than Georgia in improvement,
because that day that after I had my little stroke,
and I come in here, I'm doing the show,
and I knew I was like,
trying to raise fractures.
I'm slurring like, you know.
And he's sitting there looking at me,
I'm like, I'm gonna move it all.
Look at a dirty pictures in there trying to get dates on our website.
Oh, speaking of that, didn't I mean,
they'll get his package together with our trip to the Bahamas
that we're gonna be giving away?
He hasn't showed me the package yet, but he said he's gonna be...
He hasn't showed you his package yet?
No.
I get to check it out first.
I didn't know you cared.
It's all yours.
I don't think so.
But anyway, so we're gonna have another one.
We'll let you know next couple of days.
We're gonna...
So get your photos ready.
And I don't want to...
I don't know how to say this delicately.
We had the couple that one last time.
They were very nice looking young couple.
They were fine.
They were no problem.
But I guess the other people must have been a joke.
We don't want joke people who think that they're hot or pretending to be hot.
If you're hot, don't...
If you look like Gilbert, don't be sending us no pictures.
If you look like Zach or the Beast,
we don't want your picture.
I mean, we wish you all the luck in the world.
I hope you live at least another year or two.
But enough already with it.
No, seriously, I don't want to see ugly people.
Hot couples mean just that.
Right?
Absolutely.
And some of the, of course, real good-looking people out there.
They're afraid that, you know, some of us will be taking those pictures
and posting them on websites all over the world,
pornographic websites.
We're gonna be sitting around rubbing ourselves raw looking at them.
And they might be right.
But that's beside the point.
What's wrong with that?
Exactly.
That's what the internet's for anyways, isn't it?
Anyway, here's a...
That's not the unfortunate part of the internet, you know.
Some of the guys out there who are like, you know, Geraldine at three o'clock in the morning.
Here's... Oh, I'm speaking of that.
How about that reverend, huh?
What did I do with that story?
I don't know.
There it is.
Before we get to today's pool, you can go ahead and put it up there.
You don't have to wait for our approval.
I always like when he sneaks it on there.
But he's got the big green banner.
The pool is down.
It's not a big secret.
Okay, put it on there, fatso.
Delray pre-sentence for soliciting teen sector.
Did you see this?
No, I had to say it.
Well, why not?
We just put it on the website.
It's one of our bedtime stories.
So you don't even pay any attention to them anymore.
It's just going to give you like 50 a day.
Some of them slip by.
Like he says to me, I don't want to go into it.
What's the point?
What's the use?
I got my mother.
I got Rimmer.
I got you.
I got all these people.
I tell them something once and then like five minutes later.
Oh, did you hear my neighbor keeps slapping to Puerto Rico?
You just got to tell me that five minutes ago, mom.
It's boring.
It was boring then.
It's even more boring now.
I don't care about your neighbor or Puerto Rico.
One of the first things I said to you this morning is about that so-called...
The weapons of mass destruction in the chemicals yesterday turned out to be pesticide.
What?
Half an hour later, half an hour later, you see that would turn out to be pesticide?
No.
Speaking of pests.
Now you're taking right after George.
In fact, maybe you'll be replacing him pretty soon.
That's why it sounds so good that I'm in a very good mood when George isn't here.
Well, I'm out of town to win a show and he's here.
That's fine.
The farther apart we are, the better we get along.
It's the truth.
And when I'm out of town again, be sure he doesn't keep interrupting me.
That's your job now.
He keeps interrupting.
You know, if he had something to say, it would be different.
He's got nothing to say.
You want me to keep George from...
Yes.
That's right.
Get like a two by four and beat him over the head with it.
You have my permission.
And when you're done with that, go and take care of him.
Boy.
We don't like you, man.
I'm not putting on a phony act for you.
That's not my style.
I don't put on phony acts for people I despise.
And people that have tried Arabic, deviest thing to get George fired, to get me fired, to dick with everybody.
Show, to screw over the beast and zack.
I mean, anybody can stab it in the back and then he wants us to give him a friendly face.
I'll give you a push, okay?
That's for you.
You sad old sack you.
They did a really good job of checking references when they heard that piece of turd in this place.
You know what?
Nice going, Greg.
You really went and doubt checked them out, didn't you?
No.
You're pathetic, Greg.
A guy that's terrorized every day in place that he's ever been and he brings this guy in here to disrupt our otherwise very happy family.
And I mean, everything is relatively speaking.
Remember the, he was off couple of days last week, how pleasant it wasn't here?
We even commented on that.
Everybody was in a good mood.
Nobody had to be on tiptoes, on eggshells and the hallway.
Everybody was in a good mood.
People were skipping.
Yeah, they were skipping and dancing.
Of course, they were practicing for his grave when they were doing the dancing part.
Del Ray Priest sentenced for soliciting teen sex.
Oh, this, this has got to be a mistake, doesn't it?
This can't possibly be true.
There's no fact in the church.
He spent hours online pretending to be a youngish looking social worker bragging to a 14 year old boy about previous sexual encounters with teenagers.
The Reverend Elias Guimaris.
Oh, use the cloak of that false identity to send message after message describing graphic sex acts with underage boys.
All the while he sat in a suburban Del Ray Beach church rectumry.
The 43 year old Roman Catholic priest never imagined his prayer was also lying about who he really was.
There's no fact in the church.
Blasted by an undercover Del Ray Beach police detective posing as a teenager on the internet.
Guimaris was sentenced Monday to 51 months in federal prison.
Good, I hope they give him some more of what he likes in there.
You know what I'm saying?
Brackum.
The former associate passed through an hourly queen of peace mission.
Pleaded guilty and January to attempting to solicit sex from a minor.
Guimaris faces deportation with native Brazil once he's released from prison.
Always from Brazil and it's okay then.
Huh?
Brazil where men are men and so are the women or how's that go?
There's something strange in that Brazil and that's something really bizarre there.
You don't know what you're.
It's like when you come into our reception desk here at QAM.
You don't know what that is behind the desk.
Besides the freak.
Standing before about 15 parishioners gathered in a four-letter-day court were made gong Guimaris offered a brief apology.
US district judge Williams Locke gave him the maximum prison thermometer federal sentencing guidelines.
Of course it was a mistake on my partner very sorry said Guimaris after through a Portuguese interpreter.
I regret it very much Betty Betty much he said.
This is a lot called the case of very sad commentary on our society and you are absolutely correct sir.
Guimaris was ordained in 1993 came to the Palm Beach Dices in March of 2001.
Guimaris first approached Del Rey Beach Police Detective John Young.
On August 30th he likes young.
When he offered to lock into a chat room as a 14-year-old boy over the next 10 days, Guimaris sent 21 sexually graphic messages.
You ready for that?
The priest was arrested September 9th when he went to a beachfront location to meet his internet pal.
And you know what he said when he got there?
Hi, a palie!
Police said Guimaris struggled when they tried to arrest him but stopped and police threatened him with a taser stun gun.
Another man of the cloth.
That's what you're dealing with okay?
Just another one of those stories in the naked city of which there are zillions.
Here's the poll today okay while we're dicking around with this stuff.
You notice how I just haven't even got started yet.
I'm already left.
But that's because I feel better today.
My ear would just open up.
I'm going to start drinking like gallons of hydrogen peroxide.
Huh?
No sir, I'm going to put some in my ears, some in my rectum, all over the place.
You know? And I bet you open up a lot of avenues.
That works well for wax.
When you have wax build up in your ears.
Waxy build up?
That's what happens when you listen to QM ball games and hockey games that are on Waxy 790.
You can waxy build up.
Games that we are too embarrassed to put on here because we got too many conflicting contracts.
See what seemed to me that since this is supposedly your Panther station.
And the Panthers are one of only two teams that didn't complain about the WGOT balls billboard.
That we'd show them a little bit more respect even though they suck in the organizations all screwed up.
But do you think we give them a little bit more than just lip service?
Yeah.
But the, and last night I'm listening to John AHA.
So I punch over here since all this news about Sodom and the Suns and maybe we killed them and we dropped the four bunker buster of the 2000 pound bombs.
I punch over to Eddie Kay's talking about sports.
I mean I love Eddie Kay but between that show we did a Gulf Stream they were,
I got to need the two in this race and nobody cares.
Nobody cares what you need in this race.
Nobody cares about that.
God Almighty the stuff that we put on here in this radio station is enough to make me want to crawl into this counter.
How much is doing now?
Not seriously.
Nobody cares about that.
You know, with people out of Gulf Stream the youngest person there is dead.
The median age is death plus 10.
Nobody wants to hear about that on a radio.
They want to hear about like in private conversation about Gulf Stream.
And we're doing it like in the middle of the afternoon because they're paying us a few bucks to put that on here.
We wonder why the Humphors number is going on the crap.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's part of the problem.
Nobody wants to hear that stuff except 90 year old men.
The old racetrack crowd.
That's right.
You were going to be sure.
Huh?
That's right he was on in the afternoon.
I was thinking at night.
No, this is in the middle of in the middle of prime time, baby.
The Humper time.
They're killing Hank.
They're killing him.
By the way, Hank will be on it at the, oh, see what I'm saying?
Guess where he's doing his game from, his game from today.
The Masters?
Worse.
The Heat Arena.
Now this is good timing.
Get ready for those playoffs.
I guess.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Hank at the heat.
I mean, Hank would like to feel the heat, but he should have one of them do it at the outfit with Mickey Eerson and the Macarena, Jr.
Man, it's at the Masters.
There's another deal.
Golf all week, you know?
No, we'll be listening to that.
They're going to be playing golf.
He's going to be watching golf with no commercials because of who he Johnson's a redneck and a clansman kind of stuff.
At least they like him anyway.
So I guess Mo must be in that category, right?
Yeah.
Huh?
Right in there.
Don't want no bitches in here.
Okay.
We don't want no bull-dike golfers in here.
Didn't watch his name, Ben Reichett fired from CBS for saying that about the Lesbians and golf.
Aha.
19 till 10 at 5.60.
Now here's the poll by the way for today.
We can get it up there.
Got some votes on there already.
Who or what do you fear the most?
George W. Bush.
Terrorists.
Laws are freedom.
Mohawar David.
World War.
George Rodriguez.
Donald Rumsfeld.
John Ashcroft.
A religious fanatics.
What a great list, Neil.
Thank you again for doing such a wonderful job on our poll.
Man, I've heard that many times.
Thank you for doing such a great.
18 till 10 at 5.60 W.D. Kim.
I'm really on a roll today, man.
So I think after one arm going home.
Well, you know, don't press your luck.
Ever see that show?
Press your luck?
Awful show.
No way, me.
No way, me.
I totally showed that show where they'd like to go.
I had the system figured out in 1983 or 4.
Really?
Yeah, because the thing CBS was so stupid,
they had the thing would automatically go from one spot.
Everything was random.
It was not.
And he figured out 110, 102 grand.
Yeah.
And the other two contestants were sitting there giving them dirty looks
and like, oh, they had a whole show on that.
Anyway, if you're sick and tired of working for some schmuck,
if you're tired of a paycheck,
that you couldn't even buy cockroachia dust with.
Here's the answer.
Start making some real bucks by getting yourself a real computer career.
That's where the big bucks are nowadays.
So get out of your dead end job by calling our good post-personal
pizons at fast train.
1-866 fast train and get started in a new high paying computer job.
Unless you're hiding in your desk and you got missiles and cluster bombs all around you.
There's no excuse to wait anymore.
Call fast train tool free 866 fast train.
By the way, Hank, you know nothing about hockey.
Fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes.
Check them out on the web at fast train.com.
Get out of your dead end job.
Start making a paycheck that's bigger than like Carlos's, please.
Call fast train today.
And don't forget computer professionals continue to be in very high demand.
Fast trains got locations all over town so there's found to be one nearby you.
They're in Miami, Kindle, Pember Pines for Lauderdale.
Register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker.
Wave it proudly in the sticker too.
Call fast train today.
1-866 fast train.
My and local.
This is sports radio 560.
You way, you way.
Bang in the butt, honey.
Okay.
Are the high costs of healthcare getting you down?
No.
Serious medical emergency wipe out your bank account.
Then it may be time for you to come to contingency medical for all your health needs.
At contingency medical, if you don't survive, you don't pay.
Well, Mrs. Ben Thrift, the bad news is the total surgical cost is $78,211.
The good news is your husband died on the operating table so you don't know what's a thing.
Thanks, Doc.
That is good news.
Only your local mortuary has a higher success rate than contingency medical.
Because you could linger in a coma for years at a cost of $1,200 a day.
Yes, I'm afraid so.
At contingency medical, we know that if you wanted to care for vegetables, you'd have a garden.
Contingency medical.
We're not just easing the pain of expensive healthcare.
We're pulling the plug.
947, little lesson for all your kids out there today.
Anybody that tries to make you eat food that you don't want is not your friend.
I'm just telling you right now.
If they know that you're sick and on a way out because you're fat, if you have diseases,
you have diabetes and have blood pressure.
If you're obese and it's a threat to your very existence and they keep trying to get you to go to meals with them and feed you food,
those people are not your friend.
Just keep that up.
What is going on here?
I don't know.
That's not okay from my shut off.
I'll fire a palli.
You shot it off.
All right.
You smell it in here.
This is not a joke.
This is not a laughing matter, Mr. Silly Goose.
This is a very important point.
I'm adamant now.
I'm becoming militant.
And I know I've gone through this in the audience.
It's tired of it.
So I won't talk about it again for more than an hour or two.
But I'm tired of it.
People have put candy around waiting for you to find it.
You know, the rat with a trap in it with a cheese.
I can't wait to get out of this place again, man.
I'm surrounded by people who are trying to kill me with kindness.
Like that bitch that kept bringing those smarties to the hockey games.
Oh, over from Toronto.
You said, wonder, if I want to, I could buy 50 billion smarties in Toronto.
Okay.
Every convenience store, every place.
Even the guy named Chinese laundry sells smarties.
I mean, you know, they're all over the place.
What do I need her to bring me candy at the hockey game?
To get my blood sugar up to about 380.
You crazy sick twisted bitch.
I'm not talking about Sunday.
She ain't around anymore.
Maybe she died.
No, but what do you laugh at about?
I seriously, I wish evil things happen to people that try to do that to me and to anybody else.
Because it's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friends fail.
Don't ever forget that.
And nobody that tries to force feed you or try to embarrass you when you go into meals and all this other crap.
They're not your friend.
They don't tell you a good song of dance, but they're not your friend.
They just want to use you, you know, like a prop.
Oh, yeah, we want them sitting over there at the restaurant while we're eating our free meal.
You know, stuff like that.
I don't want to mention no names.
I know, I got a whole bunch of names in mind, but there's a good example for you.
And I absolutely will not mention any names.
New've been Laudan tape surface.
You see that over the new poll is up by the way.
Who or what do you fear the most on neo-roger.com?
Vote and be proud.
76 votes.
Religious fanatics 29.
George W. Bush 18.
Now they will fear you, George.
Terrorist 9.
World War 6.
John Ascroft 4.
George Rodriguez 3.
Loser Freedom's 3.
Donald Rumsfeld 2.
And more Howard David had tried for last place this time.
Ha ha.
Small potatoes this time.
You silly old man.
I hate you.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to talk to you.
From now on, remember the scene in the Godfather one where Frater was back at the compound.
And he says, I don't want to see you.
I want three days notice before you're going to be at our mother's house.
That nethole routine.
Yeah.
Come on, Mikey.
Come on, Mikey.
Remember that?
Well, that's the same thing.
When it gets to be like 10 minutes till seven, get in your room and air and do not come out.
Right now, what are you afraid of?
You broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
Exactly.
Go in your little room, Nairmo and do not come out until I'm firmly discussed in my studio.
And then stay in there till 9 o'clock.
Do all your bodily functions.
Go clean out your bag before 10 to 7.
I'm serious.
I don't want to see him.
He upsets my equilibrium as a human being.
That's probably why he always plugged up since I've been back here to see him.
Yeah, I'm like dizzy from him.
He sent me off.
And then to open the door, hey, Nairmo, I'm not going to talk to you.
You phony bastard.
I wouldn't have spent on the best part of you if we could find it with a search party.
I don't want to know from you.
You make me nauseous.
I've been in the business a hundred years and I never encountered much less work with anybody like you.
The lowest, you know, let me say it again.
I've told you this off the air.
I want to say it on the air.
It's very important.
If you have chicken soup and you put it in the refrigerator, they unused portion.
And a container.
Usually, unlike one of those plastic containers, you put your chicken soup in the refrigerator.
Then, this morning when you wake up, there's a thick layer of chicken fat on top.
I commonly refer to it as scum.
Moe Howard, David, I look upon as the chicken fat on top of your chicken soup.
That is correct.
Very descriptive.
The barnacles on the bottom of a ship.
Whatever are crawling around underneath the barnacles.
Not just the barnacles.
I don't want to insult them.
Whatever other things are crawling under the barnacles, that's Moe Howard, David.
You are the most anxious excuse for a human being I've ever encountered in my 60 plus years.
You silly, dottering old fool.
And so, don't bother speaking to me because I wouldn't dignify it.
Well, why should I waste the breath, the energy?
Every breath you take like the police said could be your last, you know?
Especially the American police.
Oh, sorry.
We'll get to that story.
Yeah, they're not too crazy about the war protesters anymore.
A new cassette tape reported to me from Osama bin Laden urges suicide attacks and calls on Muslims
to rise up against Arab governments that support the attack on Iraq.
In the audio tape bin Laden's supposed voice, see it's always supposed to.
And we don't know anything.
That's the sad part.
Is he dead?
Is he alive?
We're not sure.
Is Sodom and his two kids.
They can't wait.
We don't know nothing.
Well, I bet you the market's going to go up today again.
Because it's just a, nah, it's down.
They must not believe John Levin.
Oh my god.
That was a few points.
Not bad.
Don't waste your money, folks.
Don't get sucked in by the gambler networking.
And by those con artists, by those stock brokers, because the more you give them the broker, you get.
That's what they call them broker.
In the audio tape bin Laden's supposed voice urges the faithful to attack the governments of Pakistan, Afghanistan, Bahrain, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia.
Bahrain, that's my favorite.
You ever eat train?
Unlike previous such tapes, this one, what we're going to do today is your favorite Yiddish expression and Cuban expressions,
ones that we can say on here.
See, when Cuban with its Spanish is always vulgar, you know?
No, we don't want vulgar expressions like Cox a hoist.
Discussing or like, you know, Mama La Pinga.
We don't want to hear that.
You know, that's always the thing.
When they were the Cubans out there, get something new, okay?
It's always the same thing.
One dimensional.
Something about Pinga.
This is Mayor Pinga Picania.
Oh, you always, that's what money you know.
All you macho guys out there, huh?
You're not fooling me.
You're all busy doing each other.
You're having a big circle jerk right now.
Listen to this show.
Holding hands.
Blands, whatever you're holding.
That's true.
You know it.
They're all having a wail of a time.
They're wailing on it.
Anyway, unlike previous search tapes, this one had a single theme,
suicide attacks.
But I'm telling you, if I get my sinuses like, oh, yeah?
That's sinus pressure.
What do you do with that?
You know what I'm talking about?
Like, there's nothing in them.
It's not like they're full.
Yeah, right in there.
That's right.
What do you do for that?
I bet you if I took some sinus tab or some of that pseudophyte
or open everything right up.
It's like that.
In fact, my doctor said, hey, I could give that to you,
but you got high blood pressure to raise your pressure.
Hey, doc, guess what?
I take my pressure religiously several times today.
I can always do a little extra dose on my pill, OK?
I can control my pressure, honey.
But get those ears open, sweetheart.
Don't give me the son of a dance.
I'm going to wait until I may be dead before the ear opens up.
I'd like to hear something before I croak, OK?
I'd like to be around the dance on most grave.
Big time.
So that when George asked me the other day that I ever danced.
Do you remember that?
That I ever danced.
Who the hell is he to talk to?
Can you see him dancing?
I've seen it.
Oh, no.
Dancing with what?
With the enemy?
By himself.
By our figures.
Dancing by himself.
Just like his sex life.
Anyway, unlike previous such tapes,
this one from Osama Yomama had a single theme, Suicide Attacks.
All of them have been imposed upon you and G-Hot,
holy war against them is your duty.
The Arabic language tape received yesterday
in remote Northwestern Pakistan said,
the tape was obtained by the AP,
a East light sharpener at the MP,
from an Algerian national identified only as ideal,
who said it slipped across the border from Afghanistan,
where the bin Laden tape was apparently recorded.
There was no way to independently confirm the voice on the tape
was that had been lawden,
but it was translated by an Arabic-speaking Afghan,
who met with the al-Qaeda leader a year ago
and said the voice appeared to be his.
Just like that guy that silly town out there appeared to be Osama,
I mean, Sodom, whoever they are.
That guy, they showed those tapes again last night.
The guy with a fat pudgy face was about 10 years younger,
and got a mustache that's like 15 shades lighter,
and he's got the groucho-marts nose and glasses on,
and he's supposed to be a Sodom.
I mean, well, what's the use, you know?
And then, of course, every time they find more weapons of mass destruction,
and we find out that it's their only pesticides,
it's DDT or something like that, or PVP.
Oh, well, let us know when you really find something.
Okay, you assholes, you idiots, you clowns, you liars.
I hate to use that term.
You pervericators, that's better.
Yeah, they're pervericating.
They would never lie to us, would they?
American government.
Just like about Schwartzcoff, and that Patriot Missile back in the Gulf War number one,
did he lie to us about that?
Through his teeth, that's what Moishi Aaron said, my good close personal friend.
It wasn't 39 for 39.
I was just a slight error. It was 0 for 39.
Well, it's, you know, I mean, like in baseball,
if you're 39 for 39, you're batting 1,000.
If you're 0 for 39, you're batting,
and you go to the minor leagues immediately,
and they probably pack up and go home,
which hopefully will do very soon in this grotesque bloodbath
that were involved in.
And I don't give a crap.
How many people out there, including all my close personal friends at the hockey games and at the track,
give me a dirty look, walk the other way, pretend I'm a,
I don't really give a crap, what you think, okay?
All my highly educated friends.
956, where are the bargains he asked?
Well, I'll tell you, the bargains are at the Swap Shop.
Over 88 acres, chock full of bargains from indoor and outdoor vendors.
Boy, do we love the Swap Shop?
Brings back memories of those great remotes we did.
Man, I can still smell it.
The Swap Shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight,
and at night, the Swap Shop has the world's largest 13 screen drive and movie theater featuring great first-run movies.
Why does so many people swap a shop and swap at the Swap Shop?
Because no place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand-day merchandise at flea market prices.
And everything you buy at the Swap Shop is guadantied.
Free admission and free parking every day, seven days a week.
The Swap Shop is the cheapest place in the world of shop on Thursdays,
via free buyer or free seller every Thursday, free garage sale space before 5 a.m. and Mondays all day.
It's all waiting on you at the Swap Shop, sunrise boulevard between I-95 and the turnpike.
Call 9-5-4-791-Swap.
And one of the best parts of it is, finally, after a lot of pressure,
they built that overpass there in front of the Swap Shop,
so you don't have to lock all the traffic and be a pain in the ass while you're crossing sunrise boulevard.
Don't miss the free million dollar freebing circuit,
seven days a week at the Swap Shop, call 9-5-4-791-Swap.
My, and look all, this is 4305-60.
You ain't too way, yeah.
Or David's the bitch.
560-W-U-A-F presents,
Moe Howard David is, in a bridge too far.
Alright, your fangs now listen up.
I got honest a pull up a bridge see,
and that's just what we're gonna do.
Okay.
Yeah, right.
Okay, now look at this map here.
This map here?
Yeah. Now this map here.
Yeah.
Okay, Gell-D, Zach, I want you to,
one day Vava Vava moves at the, uh,
base of the bridge over there.
At the old 900.
You got that?
What's the name of the bridge, Moe?
It's at the, uh, the Julia Tuffle.
Oh, why don't they want to blow that up for?
Because wherever they're in America,
they're just stupid, prick.
Stop!
You can't wait a minute, Moe.
That bridge is too far.
He's right, oh, we're here, and there they are.
What a, you, a bunch of sissy!
Stop!
What do you want to bang my sister?
Yeah, stop!
Why you wins a foreign and fun hole?
Hi, you're the, uh, look Moe.
Here's Jamie Fah.
He'll tell ya.
Hey, how you doing?
You like my new paisley dress?
What are you, some kind of transmission or something?
Yeah.
I'm just trying to get a section A.
But since you ain't going to the bridge,
you know, you got nice shoulders.
Hey, bend over.
Come here.
Yeah, bend there, no, okay.
I'm here.
I've got some boy over here.
I love you, quad-bushes, Vinnie.
Yeah.
I love you, this.
Hey.
I like that, huh?
Ooh, ooh.
Ooh, ooh.
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't know that I...
Hey, you're pretty good at this.
Really?
Thanks.
And that was just my nose.
I'll put your ankles up here.
Oh, okay!
No!
That's a good girl.
Oh, no.
Well, you'll be here.
I love this, I like K.Y.
in the morning.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I'm gonna tighten it.
Thank you.
Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it.
What is that?
10.3.5.60.WQM, I'll tell you this.
So, Pinnett speaker, this needs to be replaced,
Proonto Tonto, needs to be replaced immediately
for not sooner.
Everything sounds like it, so yeah.
And it's enough to make you want the other way
to close up so I can't hear it.
149 votes.
Who are what do you fear the most?
Oh, look at this.
Real one popular click of March.
Get off my screen, you jackass with your message center.
Ram, I'm just looking at all of the sudden stuff
is popping up on air.
Yeah, on my screen.
I'll take a look at that. That's the real one crap. It's probably a better
It's relaxed. It's not a big deal. Don't start playing Mr. Hytec, you know, that's
Seriously, I didn't ask you to look at it. If I ask you to look at it, I'll let you know. Just I just mentioned it was there
149 votes. Who are what do you fear the most? See how overbearing he is, man?
Between him and Eric, we got two crazy computer people. I mean, well it's
Repetitioned. Religious Fanatics 48
George W. Bush 39, Terrorist 18, Loser Freedoms only 14. That's kind of
Surprising. I guess it kind of ties him with the first one. This is my overlap or the second one too. World
War 9, John Ascroft 8, Mojave David has moved up a little bit six. George Rodriguez 5 and
Dodger Rumsfeld 2. See, George 8, hot and this list because he's kind of harmless. You know, like a butterfly
Harmless. Get some of these calls on here, man, before I just get out of control, I got so much
stuff here. No ball game today, though, damn it. We got the mad dog from the Masters.
Anybody interested in golf? No. Why sure hope not. Oh, man. We got golf all week. He's up there
up there with all I'm redneck. Soody Johnson in that crowd. Perfect match. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18 and T and for Rise of Wilders on and Hank at the Miami Arena. We must have
naked pictures of somebody for him to be doing his show over there. Talk about a lame duck.
What's the point? Right. What the hell is that? I don't get it. Maybe somebody slipped
him to Mickey. WQ I am. Hey, Neil has gone. Yes, sir. How you doing? Your book, since the
ratings book is coming out, it seems that your criticism and how are they that gets worse
want to help us book out a little bit. Some people listen to him and hear their response. No. No.
Let me say it again. No. It's got nothing to do with ratings. It has to do with the truth,
which obviously serves something you're too much of an emotional cripple to deal with. If he gets
a one share, we'll be disappointed that it's that high. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Now that was a great call.
It's the only call I've taken so far today. I just sat here rambling on for an hour and this guy,
that's the best this audience can do here in South Florida. You're so lame, man. You're lame.
Wouldn't you think we'd have a whole bunch of people? I think Sodom's dead. Look at that. We did it. And the two
sons. You got something. Yeah. You know, you and my little sister ratings. You're an idiot, sir. You're a
more Ron, a more Ron. Look, I was sitting here waste my time. Like, see these there, there's a whole
segment of the audience doesn't believe it. I think it's stick. I guess they haven't met him yet. I guess they haven't
talked to anybody else inside the building. I do mean anybody else inside the building. If he had a 0.5,
I'd say, God damn, it's too high. W-D-Q-A-M. I'm lost. W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Muga. W-D-Q-A-M.
Art thou wanna meet? Oh, brother. 5, 6, 7, we're not gonna have one real call today. Are we?
Doesn't look that way. Doesn't look too promising to me. There is a one person here in South Florida,
a bastion of stupidity, man. What did I tell you? Sitting here on top of the world if I could
hear something that I'd really be dangerous. And after that one unbelievable hour, at least I was
pretty entertained by it. This is the response from a bunch of no-nothings, from a bunch of
buck plugs. God Almighty, do we hate this place, huh? Do we hate this place? It despise it like
poison. Not as much as moe. Like pesticide. W-D-Q-A-M. Good morning, Dale. How are you doing?
Okay, sir. Yeah, you're right. It's just a wasteland down here.
It's pathetic, man. I speak to you a bunch of times and I drive my cab. And you know,
some people you can talk with, you can deal with. And even the people that are leaning towards
your way of thinking to the way you believe, they just don't wanna do anything.
You talk about the goose stepping, you talk about Haliburg not living up to their
contract with the Florida parties and everything else. And nobody knows anything.
They put on blinds. They don't wanna know. Even if they're against the walk,
people don't wanna know anything. They wanna walk through life of blinders.
Amen.
Dale, keep on doing what you're doing. Thank you for at least making my morning.
I'll tell you what I'm doing, man. Thursday, April 10th, I'll be running right to the
bank with a big check. Okay, good for you. You deserve it. That's what I'm doing.
Have a great day, pal. And give that guy a big tip. Okay, he's driving a cab. Boy,
how'd you like to do that for living in this town? Oh, I feel for you, man.
Anybody else has to drive for living in this town. We empathize. We sympathize.
We were grossed out by the thought that anybody has to survive the lunatics
underrodness town. Good luck to you. You'll need it. Here's an interesting fact.
What I fear the most being poor when I'm old, that's a good one.
When I put it on there, but that is a good one. That is a good one.
Especially the way things are going today. Uh-huh.
The way the things are going today, and of course all of this, Tony Poloni,
these machinations on the market now all based on the knee jerk reactions to how the
war in Iraq is going has nothing to do with the economy, which is in the crapper.
Employment is an all-time high. I went to this yesterday. What's the point of rehashing it?
It's depressing. Millions of people have lost their life.
Savings been ripped off by Enron and global crossing and all of these other
phony, baloney companies. Did he say global crossing? That can be the one
that Richard Pearls involved with. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, this is the thing that amazes me.
Is the people of this country are so poorly educated that if, if at 6 o'clock this
evening, right before dinner, all of these people, Richard Pearl and Wolfowitz and Dick
Cheney, they got on there and they fessed up and they said, we're all a bunch of
crooks. We're in the whole thing that's going on now is based on money and the
companies where I've got us by the balls, the Halle Burton and all of this, the
public would still that. The polls wouldn't change 2%.
Because the public can't relate on that level. All they can relate to is saving
private Jessica. That kind of stuff. Here's the bulletin board with all these brave
young people over there in Iraq, hopefully by the way, some of them will come back alive.
And there's an awful lot of this friendly fire going on by the way, friendly fire.
What an idiotic expression. It's kind of like lightly killed. It's kind of the
sound of the same dictionary. Out of Rog, Rog's, a tourist, friendly fire.
Three more journalists dead. The word today I think is like tomorrow be three
weeks when they drop the first bombs, the bunker busters on a palace, three
weeks. Do you realize how many journalists have died in this thing already? I mean,
during a long war, there weren't that many journalists and I realized now we got
the embedded, which is not a good idea, is it? Not a good idea. But then again, how could we
have the made for TV war without embedded journalists? Ten minutes after ten at
five sixty WQM where we're highly radio-ish and where the audience is highly
stupidish. Man, are they pathetic today, huh? Just don't have no material, man.
No material. We got the story. We got the Stanley Cup playoff starting tomorrow
night. No material. Call a punk and talk to him about Hockey. First of all, I've
got to call that old codget, an old coup whose probably hangs out at the racetrack
all day down by the finish line turning over our losing tickets. That old guy, you
know, what's he, what's he called, Hank about Hockey for? He knows nothing about, he hates it.
He don't like it. See, we got a lot of lazy people on this station. Don't want to make
the effort to go to a game, see? Learn a little bit about it since they're supposed
to be covering these things. He actually goes, he even watched it on television.
Watch it on TV. How many games, if you took, other than me and Geldy, if you took the
whole staff of this radio station, other than me and Geldy, and put them together,
how many hockey games you think they've seen in their life?
And that's an exaggeration. That's probably high. Not as high as some of those
people, but it's pretty high. Levin, past ten, how is it possible that I could be
so good at this end of the audience sucks so bad on the other end? Okay? Because they're
trying to keep up. I can't, you can't keep pace, can ya? No. It is dottering old
fag on here. You can't do it. Losers. Hey, speaking of losing, how about losing some
weight? Didn't I just do this spot, boy, fellas? You really do a log like, man, the log
from hell. She is brutal. Don't mess with my log. I'll go to Greg Reed. Get out of here,
fellas. Go terrorize the poor people on a little drink of water. Can you see her
supervising the water in Iraq? Ho ho. Talk about people starving over there. That, you
had a fumble full. That's enough. Smite the head. Wow. You have bodies laying from
coast to coast over there. She was like, doling it out. Anyway, if you want to lose
weight, the safety, easy, delicious way. Here's the answer. I've been telling you for a
long time. It works. Balance for life. Great results for the beast. He's lost 60
pounds. And I, Dan, I feel we've saved his life. I really believe that. And he's
even got a date now. I think he had a pay for it, but nevertheless, no cooking, no
shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie or carbohydrate counting. Just fresh,
delicious goodies. I'm telling you, if you try to match the ingredients that they put
out of their meals, couldn't do it. Cost your fortune and the time it would take
would be just unrealistic. Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet
with special emphasis in the glycemic values of carbs, put it all together to make
a long stir assured with delicious foods and you lose the weight like crazy. Three gourmet
meals and two delicious snacks are in your black sack and they deliver your sack
right to your door by 6 a.m. at your home or work or wherever you want to be. The only
choice that you have to do is between two choices for each meal every day that you're
on a program from the little menu they send you each week. Simple as that. So if you
want to lose the weight like the beast and like thousands of other people are doing
here in South Florida, all over the country now, call Balance for Life 954-568-3229. Forget
about the FAD diets, forget about those dangerous pills. 954-568-3229 or check them out
on the web at balanceforlife.com.
5 and a local business is 5 cities.
You're gonna use all yours.
Q&A!
On this week on NBC, it's the search for the most talented kid in America.
Okay, she's horrible.
We have found the worst thing in the world.
I love things, what can I get online? We're on the close days tonight. We're gonna go
off-set with any big waste in our homes again in place you get strong.
Let's search for the most talented kid in America.
I think you'll possibly be the worst thing in the world.
We try to feel faster! Why don't we get strong and strong?
10, 17, 5, 60 WQM, our speaker is blown.
If you blow too much, you're in trouble. No question about it. Our speaker is blown.
I just mentioned this and of course Muffin just came in very concerned.
He was very concerned. He's very, he's run on top of it. He's got the engineers
running around so we can afford to like trade one out when it doubt trade it out.
Because we got like all second-hand stuff in here. That would be our theme song,
second-hand rose. Millionaire contestants convicted.
London and one of the nation's most closely watched spectacles combining courtroom drama
and celebrity TV. A British Army major, his wife and an accomplice were found guilty
yesterday of trying to cheat the TV show who wants to be a millionaire out of its jackpot
prize worth 1.6 million bucks.
Judge Jeffrey Revolon called the attempt to defraud the show a shabby schoolboy trick.
His sentence left the three defendants major Charles Ingram, his wife Diana Ingram
and college lecturer, Tech-Wen Widock, anything but millionaires.
The judge ordered that jail terms of 18 months for the major and his wife and 12 months for Widock
be suspended for two years. It were charged with procuring the exception of a valuable security
by deception, meaning a check for 1 million pounds or 1.6 million bucks.
But he ordered them to pay a total of more than $100,000 in fines and legal costs.
You have now been shamed in the most public way Revolon said in this case, having regard to your
positions in life that must be in itself as a severe punishment indeed.
I don't think it is at all. I surely got like 15, 20 years of peace.
Did it say how? I'm very important.
Did it say how they tried to cut it out? I remember it.
Yeah, well they were like they had stooages in the audience.
This is what they were doing. Stoolies.
Here is a great fact. We'll take one or two more. I don't think it's going to be too promising to WKYM.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I like to talk to Neil.
You're talking to him, sir.
On the VN. On the Iraq business.
I have just a couple of predictions to make. This isn't a war as a con.
The real war will be after we supposedly take over the fight between the Kurds, the Sunnis and the Shiites.
And then one other prediction. I think this country has had a history of not changing presidents during wartime.
You watched. Only a year and a half to go yet.
There will be another war or two at the same size and calendar.
And Bush will be right in the middle of it and they say you can change over it.
Some of the ones you think the country is going to have an appetite of these people out of here.
Keep us going on. World War 4 is, Wolf James Wolf. He said for like the next 10 years.
Well, I don't know if it will be World War 4, but there's little conges, rampages,
whether it's Syria, whether it's...
Little rampages? You think you're going to be in Syria or an agonizing little rampages?
Well, this isn't a war. That's to show up with. It's a one-sided bondage.
Have a great day. It was at his phone or the speaker again?
No, that was his phone.
Wow. I think it's a plot.
No, certainly. This between the speaker being all screwed up and pitted.
Do you ever hear of a speaker being pitted?
No. Don't even know what that means.
Well, it's blown.
Okay. I mean, saying it's blown isn't gross.
But it's pitted, which means that it's been driven too hard and it's...
It's... it's... F'd. Okay.
It's be refth and deft and f'd.
And so listening to that call on that speaker on top of it was almost enough to open up my ear, but not quite.
Maybe that's what he was trying to do.
Thanks for the call, Pali, but get you a new phone.
56670560, 0.560 on a AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
A plethora of calls here today. WQIM.
It's a conspiracy.
WQIM.
Yeah, and the only...
So your argument is that no loss of life is worth getting rid of.
So I'm saying who tortures a murder's 10,000 of a murder.
Sir, let me ask you how many dictators on a face of the plan of torturing murder people?
So don't do anything good because if you don't do it all over the world, then don't do it all.
Is that what I said? What did I say that?
You just said how many dictators...
Let me ask you something.
How much money do you think it would have taken to bump off Sadominus two sons?
Really, if that's all we really wanted.
We were going to spend 75 billion just for starters.
Plus we're going to be in there for minimum of six months, which probably means six to ten years.
How many millions of dollars is it going to cost us in a long run?
Or hundreds of billions?
It wasn't just Sadominus. He had a whole entire party, the fastest party.
You had to remove the entire party.
Then why are we supposed to be so excited about the fact that if he and his two sons were really killed?
That we just cut off the head of the whole evil empire?
Well, obviously that's a good thing.
I mean, he was the head of the government.
So what are we going to do about Final Castro that tortures dissenters and puts people in jail?
What are we going to do about him?
Well, again, like if we work...
What are we going to do about Perez-Musharov and Pakistan, who's a dictator, who's a general who took over the government by military coup?
What are we going to do about him?
What are we going to do about communist China where they have a billion people and they shoot people in Tiananmen Square if they protest too much?
What are we going to do about every dictator in the face of their...
How many American lives are you willing to sacrifice in order to get rid of all the evil doers on the face of the globe?
Sir, I will not waste my time listening to your crap.
Okay?
He says the facts, his facts are screwed.
He said tens of thousands of people a year said, I'm murderous.
Wrong.
Guess what?
What do you have to embellish it a little bit to make him like, you know, so he's an evil guy?
Oh, yeah.
Fact of the matter is there are evil guys in charge of many, many countries.
And keep in mind we... we prompt him up. He was our evil guy.
Over the weekend when they found that enormous, those 124 bunkers, it was unbelievably amount of weaponry they found there,
enough to choke the Chinese army.
And of course they were all marked where they came from.
Russia and France, Jordan and US.
Oh, and then we never heard about that anymore.
Because that was kind of embarrassing.
And if they do find these weapons of mass destruction, then they probably will.
Guess where some of them probably came from?
Ah, yeah, think about that for a little while, sir.
Since we're one of the great exporters of weaponry or anywhere in the face of the globe.
And also one of the great exporters of tyrants.
Argentina, Chile.
We went through the list the other day, you know, our tyrants.
And then of course if they get a little bit too out of control like Noriega, then we gotta go into any income out.
You know, because we didn't like his complexion anyway.
James Woods was embarrassed.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and 10.
Sir, it's very nice that you're willing to sacrifice the lives, not just of the American soldiers.
And the journalists were there, but all the Iraqi people who were supposed to be liberating.
And all these grotesque pictures of the bodies and the blood and the kids with their heads blown off and sliced up to smithereens.
You do know that the Red Cross by the way says the hospitals are saturated. They can't handle anymore.
And they're running out of medication. They're running out of supplies.
And this is only the beginning.
Now maybe you would like to pay your tax dollar, sir, to like put all the damage together again that we've wreaked in the last three weeks.
Undo the havoc that we've created.
Can't undo the deaths because those people are not coming back.
God, I'm gonna bring them back. Allah, I'm gonna bring them back. They're dead.
So it's very cavalier to talk about sacrificing other people's lives in order to depose this one and depose that one.
And I'll say to you again, somehow we manage Stalin and Khrushchev.
And all of those far-bisoned right wing, I'm sorry, left wing.
Excuse me, commentist is.
But Stalin didn't kill anybody.
Killed millions of his own people, sir. Millions. Not a few thousand like Sodom. Millions.
Millions. Read a little bit of history, sir.
And he didn't, he wasn't suspected of having weapons of mass destruction. He had them.
Zillions of nukes. You name it, he added.
Chemical and biological weapons, which we still don't know where a lot of that stuff is.
That's being protected with rusty locks.
And for rusty locks, you used to play right field for the meds right after rusty stob.
Oh, by the way, speaking of rusty stob like Grana Range, a gourmet cook, you know.
But anyway, I just mentioned that in passing. I'm all over the place today.
I'm not gonna waste my time with it, kind of like, you know, it's always this, it's always this hateful, you know.
As opposed to like saying, you know, can we discuss this or like, don't you think? No.
So you're saying? Yeah, I am saying. That's my opinion, okay.
And I happen to believe very strongly that I'm right. And millions and millions of other people do too, including a lot of more
scared, schmittless to say it because it's no longer politically acceptable to knock the government because we're in a time of war.
They got a call before with a bad phone. Oh, he had a good point.
They can keep us immersed in these wars one after another, we're side by each.
Almost endlessly. And for sure, not gonna change your government in the middle. See, that's where Papa Bush, I guess, went wrong.
We got that out of there.
And all of a sudden people were able to focus in on the economy. In the fact we were in another one of those great Republican recessions.
We had to rig in recession and we had the George W recession. Now we got the George II recession and we had to bother recession there at the end.
We certainly don't want to be talking about those things, do we?
WQAM?
Howard is back in commercial, everybody.
What?
Oh, Howard's back from commercial, everybody. Howard's sperm.
Yeah, cute. WQAM.
Yeah, it's my speaking meal.
Speaking.
Hey, Neal, I don't agree with the war either, but I think, you know, that we should do something about it.
We should do something about what?
Those people are wrong people, you know, they're doing wrong things to other people, you know, it's not.
What people are doing wrong things to what other people? What are you talking about?
Saddam is doing wrong things to people.
Yeah.
It should be stopped. I mean, that's what we're trying to do.
I personally think we're trying to do.
That's what we're trying to do.
I personally think we're never going to find them.
We're wasting our time.
I'm not talking about whether we find them. You really believe that that's why we're there because Saddam was doing bad things to his people.
Yeah, good.
How come in 1988, when the Kurds were the poison gas, how come we didn't do something better to them then?
The only time we did something about is when he invaded our oil friends in Kuwait, and then we did something about it.
We went in and we went out for the oil.
What if we were in the oil?
In addition to which if he was such an evil doer, how come we left him there after the Gulf War I?
If he was such an evil guy, he wasn't any less evil or...
We're definitely there for the oil.
I mean, that's what we really want.
I think you just got through, tell me, we're there to get him out because he does such bad things to people.
Well, that too, but I mean, it's fairly much never going to end.
Sir, let me ask you, do you feel that he's a danger to the United States of Britain?
The United States? That guy is my danger to the United States.
Okay, thank you.
27 past 10 at 560 WQM here are more great deals for you from Tom Lehman and Joe Preato of Halibut Pateak GMC.
Neal Deal No. 1, get 0% financing for 60 months on every Pateak or GMC in stock.
Neal Deal No. 2, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pateak in stock.
That's correct. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock.
Neal Deal No. 3, if you're currently a GM Smartly or a Lisa Smart by customer and driver Chevy Blazer,
Olds, Bravado or GMC Jimmy via a Lisa New Pateak or GMC and get you an extra $1,000 off the price.
Stop by Halibut and test drive the all-new and powerful Pateak Grand Prix. Watch how you spell it.
Halibut Pateak GMC in the same great place they've been making great deals for 35 long excruciating years.
134 or one South Dixie Highway. That's on US1 right across from the falls.
Open every day, seven days a week. If you want more info on these great Neal deals,
just call the Neal Deal Hotline Tool 3 at 1,885344211.
That's 1,885344211. Don't forget all Neal deals are subject to credit,
a Provell C-D-D-D-Horted Tales. Halibut Pateak GMC, no doubt about it. They are professional grades.
We are Sports Radio 560, UAM.
Dick in the White House?
This is an action news update.
We now bring you Saddam Hussein Live.
I was so scared after hitting the bombs go off.
That I crapped my pants.
10.31.560 WQM Happy Tuesday.
All of these people don't sound too happy.
Okay, commercials over. Let's go back to Howard's firm now.
Isn't that interesting how some of the people in this country have sold out?
Everything that they believed in or professed to, so obviously they couldn't believe in too hard.
This is pretty interesting. Charles Pena, Senior Defense Policy Fellow at the KetaWintz,
Dutin, Chicago Tribune Rights. The Defense Department claims 12 nations
with nuclear weapons programs, 13 with biological weapons, 16 with chemical weapons,
and 28 with ballistic missiles as existing and emerging threats to the U.S.
But only one of these countries sits atop the second largest oil reserves in the world.
I just mentioned that in passing.
And also, thanks by the way Tom for faxing with us, Enron Corporation signed contracts
with GOP Consultant Ralph Reed worth more than half a million dollars the FEC has disclosed in ruling,
the Federal Elections Commission, Enron paid Reed the former Christian Coalition leader
about $300,000 before the energy companies collapse.
The payments came to light as part of an FEC inquiry into whether Enron's hiring of Reed was a sham
designed to disguise an incontribution from Enron to Bush's presidential effort.
The FEC said the evidence indicated that the retention of Reed's company was a bona fide deal
and not decided how to contribution to Bush. Well, thank God for that.
Thank the Lord, because we wouldn't Ralph Reed a good Christian like that, be doing anything sub-Rosa.
Remember Rosa?
5670560, pound 560 on it.
Feel like I'm way out there and into the limb all by myself.
You know what? I don't care. Don't care. Don't bother me.
All the naysayers, all the, you know, that's my response to you.
W-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M, hello.
Well, I'd like to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil, how are you today?
OK.
You know, this war is, this war is, of course, enough.
But what's really concerning me is what this government is going to do after the war.
They'll talk to you. They're talking about putting in power over there.
Is this Chalabi guy?
Right.
I mean, this guy is illegitimate as could be.
Right.
It's not about James Woolsey putting in there.
Right. That's right.
The information is absolutely ridiculous.
I mean, I hate to give credit to any member of the Bush family.
But I think that President Bush did the right thing, containing Saddam, a weak Saddam, but still in power,
you can control him.
But now, when this guy is out, there's a huge power vacuum there.
Don't forget General J. Garner, the right-wing retired general from Orlando, who's also a good buddy of Ariel Shiroin
and the right-wing crowd in Israel.
He's another one that they want to stick in there.
Absolutely right.
And you'll notice now we're back to the same problem that we had before this all started.
You got the State Department meeting Colin Powell on the one side who wants to have a UN presence in there.
It doesn't want to stick all these lunatics in there to run the country.
And on the other side, you've got Rumsfeld and his chicken hawks.
Right, yeah. All those idiots wulfed with in the rest of the world.
And Richard Pearl.
Yeah. I mean, it's absolutely ridiculous.
The only hope that we have is that maybe the UN and the Brits who are starting to grouse about going on.
Yeah. That's right, you know, you notice the Brits finally have drawn the line here, and they're not going to go along with this crap.
That's ridiculous.
You guys haven't made a bright move yet.
I don't think there's any chance they're going to make one now.
Not for us they haven't. For them they have.
I've been thankful. I haven't.
Well, there's a guy. There's a caller.
Five. There's one.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
NHL Stanley Cup Playoff start tomorrow night. Any interest?
No.
Well, that's where I forgot.
Hockey's all screwed up and it's got like no audience in this country and the yaddy yaddy yaddy.
And those awful overtime losses.
God, listen to this station.
And no wonder I got a headache.
Man, I like the Humper, but some of the stuff that he spews out.
Sticker tracks, stick to your football, stick to stuff.
You know something about the problem with the NHL is unlike the, and this is the reason the NFL has got it straight now.
They got a salary cap.
That's why you've got parity. That's why you got like 85 week teams in the NFL, but at least they're even.
And a child you got to range of spending their 80 million dollars who still can make the playoffs.
And then you got the panties spend and what about.
I think next year's payroll is going to be a little lower than this.
I heard it was going to be 8 months.
WDQAM.
Neil, I've always respected you, but I've got to tell you I think your way off on this Iraq issue.
I heard you tell one caller before that if we're not doing something with every dictator and every murderous regime out there that we shouldn't do anything at all.
That isn't what I said. That's not what I said at all, but he used that as his argument for why we ought to be there.
And I just use this example, Castro, and there are dozens and dozens of others.
Well, I think you're, I think in that sense, you're right, Neil, but I think we have to do what we can and where we can.
And I think you got to look at the grand strategic sweep of what we're doing.
And what is the grand strategic sweep and what is that? Sir, please educate me.
I'll tell you I know you're going to think it's the Bill Crystal fall off at which point of view, but I think by taking out the biggest guy in the block in the middle of the Easter Sunday, the message, every would be in
upcase out there that we're not going to take it and basically don't attack us.
I think it's a great way to go.
I'd like to know when he's last 12 years since Gulf War I, I'd like to know what it is that he's done.
I'd like to know who he's attacked.
I'd like to know what thread he represented to us into the Brits and the Austrians.
I don't see it. It's not there. It doesn't exist.
Well, the final part is in addition to which the last time I checked, Iraq was the only country allowed my Jewishness to cloud my vision of what Israel's really all about.
And it's in the hands of launcher right wing lunatics just like this government is.
Well, I think he's just mad because you don't like the fact that we're using force and Iraq and you're taking it on an instrument.
Let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this was I made when we used force in Iraq and Gulf War I. I was all for it.
So was I.
Yeah, and I was no fan with the way it ended. I think push one with a lousy president.
You should have gone all the way to Baghdad.
Yeah, but he didn't.
He didn't. And now we're.
And the fact that he didn't what happened as a result of it. Let me say it again.
Did Sodom Hussein have anything that we have shown so far?
And you know, Dan Wellett, if we could show it, we'd be parading it on every billboard in the world. Anything to do with 9-11.
Well, time will tell.
And as far as we know now, is there any connection between Iraq, Sodom Hussein and 9-11?
Are you talking connection in terms of what the transfer is like?
In terms of anything they have.
They have a strategic interest.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, sir, sir, you're not in. Please, please, please, please. Don't do me a tap, Dan's please.
Look, Neil, you're better than Germany and World War.
Did they have any connection?
I don't want to history lesson. Was there any connection between Sodom Hussein, the Iraqi government and 9-11?
I'm not in a position to know that.
Okay, you don't want to answer the question.
I mean, you know the answer is no.
They've practically had a hernia in the US government trying to prove that there was. Can't do it.
Just like they're hurting, hurting now to find these weapons of mass destruction.
This pesticide, I mean, it's a seren gas and nerve gas pesticide.
I mean, you know, you're one of those people and you're in a majority.
Congratulations to you, sir. You're going to go step right along.
We just got to do that. We got to take them out.
He's an evil doer. You're buying right into the bullcrap.
From a bunch of stupid and very dangerous people out there, not all stupid,
devious and dangerous and dumb as in a president.
But surrounded by dangerous, devious people with their own special interested heart that got nothing to do with liberating the Iraqi people.
Just keep in mind, it was about regime change.
It always about weapons of mass destruction.
It always about operation of Iraqi freedom. Oh, that sounds so good.
Oh, then that sounds great. Talk to anybody against that.
Liberation by elimination.
And I'm going to say it again.
Is he willing to say, because I'm not.
You know, in a real war for a real reason in a legitimate war, people die.
Grotesque things happen in Worcester.
But this isn't a real war. This isn't adjusted.
This isn't even a war. It's just an invasion. It's illegal.
And the fact that we got, oh, in fact, the Solomon Islands said that, by the way, we don't know if they're about it.
Where's that article when we're listing in all these countries that are the Solomon Islands?
I don't even know where the LAR. They sound Jewish to me.
Hey, Solomon Islands. And the prime minister, the dog catcher, whoever the head of the Solomon Islands, he said, oh, that's news to us.
How come we're in that list?
Along with Mauritius and Eritrea and all these other, in addition to which they're all with, we had over 100 countries in Gulf War I.
Every country with more than 50 people in the world was with us in Gulf War I because it was a real war.
And they knew they were on board.
Right. That's right. They weren't keeping it in a secret. They didn't say, oh, don't tell anybody. We support you. Don't tell anybody.
Come on. Get serious.
The overwhelming population and the overwhelming majority of the countries on the face of the globe are opposed to this insanity that's going on right now.
And these people, I mean, you know, it's a free country. I'm delighted to hear from you, but you can continue trying to rationalize. You're not going to convince me.
In this last guy, how many chances did I give him to answer the question? I didn't hang up on him. I didn't, you know, I'm always accused of that. He disagreed fine. He was articulate, but he wouldn't answer the question because he didn't like the answer.
He didn't like what he knew was the answer, so he resented the question.
We don't need to be invading people who aren't a threat to us because we sure as high, if we would have evaded Saudi Arabia, I'd say, yeah, now we're talking. They got a lot of oil too, by the way.
That's where we should have invaded if you want to invade anybody. And then maybe Pakistan right after that, except they got the nooks. Look out.
1042-560-WQA. And let me tell you, if you're not getting a good night's sleep, there's probably one answer. And at this moment, you've got a little dog that keeps you up all night or maybe because your mattress is lumpy and bumpy and crampy and worn out.
Even the best mattress in the world will not last you forever. So if your mattress is, you know, if it's that time, RIP for the mattress, do yourself a big favor.
The one easiest thing to buy is a mattress right over the phone from Dollar mattress. Just one simple easy call. 1-800 mattress will show you that this is the smart way to do it.
Take it from me. I've been doing it for years. Every time the mattress is on the way out, I just make that call. They got C. Lee, Sir Desimons, King Coral, whatever size whatever style you're looking for, you want a twin, you want a king, you want a queen, they got it.
Dollar mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction. They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right.
Once you do the smart thing, and buy your mattress over the phone from Dollar mattress, you'll never go back to wasting time and energy and gas and money in assurams again.
And don't forget when you buy your mattress from our friends at Dollar mattress, they set up the brand new and take away the crappy old smelly soil bedding for free. Let me say it again.
They set up the new and take away your crappy old nasty bedding for free. So make the call right now and you have great night's sleep tonight.
And for years to come, 1-800 mattress, it's a simple thing to do. 1-800-MATTRES for Dollar mattress. The easy to smart way to get you a great new bed.
This is 20-year-old Faisal.
2-8-A
After the imagination of all of America, it's Al Kitta in the family.
Healing the ins with bells, non-believers go for hell, living in the cave that smells. These are the days.
Osano bin Laden's favorite son Saad is taking over the family business. Funny business that is.
Oh, shut up, eat it, you dain't bat. And where is that no good meat, turban son of mine?
Hey, you cold pup. Al Kitta in the family. It's like something you've seen before.
Oh boy, some of mom's goat ribs. What are you going to do? Eat the great Satan to death and then she's...
Um, no pup. Just build up my strength for the jihad.
Oh jeez, stop fielding up. It's not blowing at them.
When the son of a jackal gets the son of his own, he'll larity ensues on Al Kitta in the family.
Only on Al Jazeera TV land.
10-47 at 5-60 W.C.M. Bar, we're getting faxes up the nose today, man.
Here's what it says on a pool. I would have voted for religious fanatics, but if they don't have a powerful mouthpiece in the government, they're not as dangerous.
Therefore, I voted for George W.
Oh right.
In my opinion, when the government and the religious fanatics are working together, we're all in deep, deep trouble.
And you are absolutely correct.
Top it off with ascroft of interference with state laws, including Sodom, the only for Gays and Outstrates.
Assisted suicide, medical marijuana, death penalty cases and non-death penalty states.
Protest demonstrations, we're not living in a police state and they're all in together.
Well, we've been living in a police state for a long time. It's just now a lot more exaggerated than used to be.
They got higher hip boots.
Here's what it says.
Great show is always in again. Absolutely correct. I think so on this end.
The other end, well, what can we do?
I mean, the last guy, he was fine except he didn't want to answer the question.
He wanted to have a conversation based on just saying, you know, certain as be selective.
Certain things we don't want to discuss because he doesn't support his argument.
It says, if someone in the so-called minority of Americans against the war in Iraq,
one thing about this war in particular that burns me up is that no one is accusing Bush what they accused Clinton of.
Why didn't know he was getting ahead?
It says, remember during the Monica scandal, Clinton ordered troops into Kosovo, everybody said he was trying, oh, that's right.
Everybody tried to, what was the movie?
Wagon the dog.
Right?
That's it.
Thank God I got a good memory because you're like, mew it. Wagon the dog.
Everybody said he was trying to distract attention away from the domestic Monica scandal.
How come nobody's accusing Bush of starting this fictional war against the record and distract our attention away from the fact the economy is in nose dive?
Keep up the great job. Bush sucks, jams sucks get the religious despots out office. Excellent facts. Thank you.
Wally and Deerfield is usually pretty good. He writes, I haven't even read it yet.
I have a proposal for the segment of the American public who unequivocally and wholeheartedly support the Bush empire and its invading policy.
Since the Defense Department utilizes an all-volunteer on force, these advocates who have been inflicted with blind faiths, you join the frontline effort.
I wretch whenever I hear them babbling and in utterings that always begin with, we should do.
I think the actual should be we. No excuses put their money where their mouths are.
Screw the 35-year-old age limitation that they haven't learned the truth by now, they deserve to be in the frontline cannon fodder.
Every other nation on Earth sees the injustices here yet the Maronic American mindset rambles on, the fault of the Roman Empire is upon us.
The we element are society needs a massive overdose of history.
The behavior of this power structure is anything but new. Ever since man crawled out of the cave they've been vying for the top of the pile.
Amazingly the cannon fodder have never figured out the motivation of greed and power. There's never enough for the ones at the top.
By the way please explain to me how the Bush empire doesn't qualify as a dictatorship.
I guess imperialism and empire building is different.
The last time I checked stealing the government is a key element of dictatorship. I'm becoming increasingly convinced that this regime is in for a long run supported by the mindless parrots society they've nurtured.
Scream all the foundation for my retirement plan calls for me dropping down a job, putting me out of my misery since Wally and Deerfield.
As usual Wally great facts good luck you'll need it. So well millions of others.
Let's see here's a boy I'll tell you it just goes on and on these faxes here's one from last hour.
I'm sorry for sending this right off the bat but I have to rip QA management for the so called Howard David had show.
This is a poor excuse for a morning show it says.
Twice this morning I clicked over to 560 both times all I hear is Howard and Gildey crying about how late the basketball game was last night.
Somebody tell these two to grow up here and stay up till midnight every once in a while to watch a major sporting event after all this supposed to be sports personalities.
Howard said he stayed up but the way he carried on was evident he didn't. He probably saw highlights this morning while straightening his wig and read the paper as soon as he had the studio.
The old cocker hit the early bird at five in his snoring by eight and Gildey needs to butcher up especially if he's trying to work for ESPN radio.
He can't butcher up don't you get it? Not if he wants that job.
We don't mess with the mommas there and to continue with your management this is just rambling on.
I think the near ranger sure should be brought catch on the NHL playoffs and the stand-up final.
Right.
Every time Hank needs to lay down some bets he has off the vagus of the Bahamas for a meaningless fight or a horse race that nobody cares about.
And now Manders is an Auguster for the Masters is a so called macho man who'd rip a pussy collar for tuck and man be pamby golf.
But QM's given him a paid vacation to be with his buddies he will not even step on the Augusta National Golf Course.
His broadcast will start where he ate and drank last night the buddies he jerked off with the babes they could have begged.
Now he wants to wash Tiger Woods balls and then he'll read the golf scores.
Sorry for the vent of the I just had to get off my chest it says looking forward to the near ranger show broadcast from the Stanley Cup finals in Vancouver and Ottawa.
Thank you for not able my ass that would be pretty exciting though.
Not that I want that but could be Ottawa and somebody.
Here's one that says yesterday I received an email and title have you forgotten what followed was a series of photos of the World Trade Center horror on 9-11.
Horrible pictures and memories no doubt at the end of the 9 or 10 photos with the following words.
Remember 9-11 support President Bush support the troops.
How disgusting is this? I'm not sure if the email was intended for people who think the same way and the same things or trying to convince people especially people in capable of thinking for themselves that there's some connection between 9-11 and Iraq some connection between Al-Qaeda and Osama or Sodom.
I asked the questions of the person before we were to the email to me I told him I was unaware any troop station in downtown Manhattan and ground zero fighting terrorists.
I asked what the connection was between 9-11 and Sodom the response there is a connection as Sodom financed to help to finance the terrorists that struck on 9-11. Where did that come from?
When I asked how he knew that and knew it so definitely I got a look as if he was looking at the enemy and I was told that it didn't matter if there's proof of a connection or not.
And this wasn't intelligent educated adult human being it says that's right if there's not proof will just make it up like that pesticide.
As for your poll it says I voted for loss of freedoms to me that encompasses my fear and discussed with Bush, ask for arms fell, channy etc.
And I'm so not so much frightened for myself as I'm from my young son western rupeeness world created by the administration.
All I can say is the only salvation I use that term cautiously is to vote Bush out in 2004.
Absolutely correct sir.
Says that's all I'm going back hiding under the bed PS thank goodness for you saying on here what I've been saying since last summer.
Thank goodness for me that's what I say.
Oh God.
Even though not too many others are saying it.
How is the poll coming?
Who or what do you fear the most?
Do we have that in there now they will fear you we don't have that doing.
Oh dammit.
We do have we do have you know who I am.
I'm low green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
We do have that which I do like better than Connie saying now they will fear you.
And then of course we have to reprise that bring it back in Godfather 3 and Michael says maybe they ought to fear you.
Oh that's so that's so lame that you know they both say it like it's almost a slapstick like a stand-up comedy routine.
You know and then in the kitchen just before he has his goes into his diabetic coma again.
Don't ever tell anybody outside the family what you're thinking or something like that you know.
And they're sitting there in a kitchen they're not outside the family they're sitting in her kitchen.
But they have to keep bringing back lines from before because I guess they ran out of dialogue.
Who or what do you fear the most 317 votes religious fanatics 109 George W. Bush 80 terrorist 35 loss of freedom's 33.
Mohawar David is moving up 18.
They fear you mo.
Oh not Moa Green.
You know who I am.
I'm Mo Green.
No not you.
World War 14.
John Ascroft 14.
George Rodriguez only ate Donald Rumsfeld 6.
How come he's so low?
Huh?
He's one of these super chicken hawks.
How come he's so low?
Well they're just he's holding the puppets holding the puppets holding the strings more than bushes.
He's holding the puppets.
WQ I am.
Yeah.
How do I?
Hello.
Yes sir.
How do I reach your main number?
Is this the main number I'm going to want?
What do you want sir?
What can we help you?
At six o'clock this morning there was somebody in the Howard Sturn show.
Yeah.
Howard Sturn show?
Huh?
Howard Sturn?
That's right.
They had an advertisement for a mortgage company.
Yeah.
Howard Sturn's not on a station sir.
Huh?
Howard Sturn is not on this radio station.
Huh?
Howard Sturn.
I asked you I just said it Howard Sturn and you said yes.
No I'm sorry.
And then what you just said?
His name is Howard David Howard isn't it?
David Howard?
David yes.
Oh wait wait wait you talking about the Mohawar David had show?
That's right.
Okay.
And what did Mohs say?
No.
They're six o'clock they're on the six o'clock in the morning right?
Yeah.
All right.
They had a Mohawar David had spotted a guilty spot.
They had been spotted.
That's right.
They advertise a mortgage company.
I'll give you the best advisor called in tomorrow morning on air show.
I have no idea.
That was good.
That was our best call today.
Right in there was sure in the running.
Police violence shots activist other at Port of Oakland protest.
Oh this picture is nasty.
Look at that.
A protester refused to give her name.
Gers the wounds after she says she was hit by Oakland police weapon during an anti-protest
and a war protest in Oakland.
Is this the one that we got on the website?
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh man.
Looks like she's got a baseball in her cheek.
Police violence shots activist and others at the Port of Oakland protest.
An anti-war demonstration at the Port of Oakland turned violent this morning, meaning yesterday morning,
when Oakland police opened fire with wooden dowels, sting balls, concussion grenades, tear gas, and other non-lethal weapons,
when protesters at the gates of two shipping lines refused to order disperse.
Scores of protesters ran from a line of police trying to hide behind nearby big rigs.
At least it does demonstrateers a nine-long Sherman who were standing by, uh, were injured.
Our guys were standing in one area waiting to go to work, and then the police started firing on the long-shermen,
and said, Henry Graham, the president of IOW, local 10, somewhere hidden a chest with rubber bullets,
and seven of our guys went to the hospital.
I don't want to imply the police deliberately did this, but it doesn't make sense.
There have been so many anti-war demonstrators in the Bay Area in recent months that they've almost become routine,
and most have been peaceful.
Mondays have once marked the first time the local police have used projectiles to disperse crowds,
and many demonstrators said they were stunned that the projectiles were fired at such close range.
But I'm being... that's right, close.
Just like Santino said, you get up real close, okay, and you fire those rubber bullets right under their push, right under their goddamn chest.
Then I'm being your blooded brains all over your nice cyberleaks suit.
Right.
10, 57, at 5, 60.
What about Kent State, huh?
Now that was just another aberrant one of those things, you know.
Just a little overreaction.
Not that we would do things like that.
Kill our own people for protests.
Never.
Only in countries where the people are bad do they do things.
See, again, so many of these people, it's very sad. It's childish.
There's the good people and the bad people.
Where the good guys did a bad guy? That's right.
All right, cowboy and Indian kind of talk.
10, 58, at 5, 60, WQM.
Where are the bargains you might be wondering? I'll tell you.
I'll tell you where to go. Believe me.
The bargains are at the Swap Shop over 88 acres, Chock full of bargains from Indoor and outdoor vendors.
The Swap Shop is the busiest retail location in the world before daylight.
And at night, the Swap Shop's got the world's largest 13 screen drive in movie theater,
featuring great first-round movies.
A lot of so many people shop at the Swap Shop and maybe axing yourself.
No place else can you see millions of dollars worth of brand new brand name merchandise and simply market prices.
And everything you buy at the Swap Shop is quite entied.
Free admission, free parking seven days a week.
The Swap Shop is the cheapest place in the world to shop every Thursday.
Be a free buyer or a free seller every Thursday, free garage sale space before 5 a.m. and Mondays all day long.
All of these things and lots more waiting for you at the Swap Shop on Sunrise Boulevard between I-95 and the Turnpike,
called 954-791 Swap.
Fill Mr. Fee Million Dollar Threaving Circus seven days a week.
You'll never forget the aroma at the Swap Shop, called 954-791 Swap.
Line and local, here's Sports Radio 560, you and UAM.
I'll never forget that movie.
I don't care how many take-off, guinea-watt, grease ball, gumbas, come out of the woodwork.
I'm German Irish.
Well let me tell you something, my crock, Mick Friend.
I'm gonna make so much trouble for you, you'll all know what it is.
The walls come and lawyer, I have not threatened.
I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who the hell are you?
Who the hell are you?
You're good.
It's nine o'clock on a Sunday night.
All right.
And I'm gonna watch HBO.
There's some dumb show about a funeral home, where the Tony and Big Pussy go.
I've had to wait over a year and a half to see if that Russian guy's dead.
And when I turn on the tube, I'm sure getting screwed.
Because they're showing our lives instead.
You're taking a story for it.
Gumbag, Gumbadada.
Gumbadada.
Where the hell are the sopranos, man?
I've waited too long for this thing.
I wanna see Paulie and Silvio in the back room of the fight of being.
Paulie wants to hear him now.
I have my cable guy wax.
Thank you.
Forget about it.
It's about friggin' time, ain't it?
It sure is.
Let me know for that's about our time.
At 560, this is some cute dialogue from a new movie called The Mo Father.
It says, you know who I am?
I'm Mo David.
I made my bones when you were dating altar boys.
You don't come on a radio and try and intimidate me.
I intimidate you.
And then The Mo Father too.
That man's name was Mo David.
When he turned up dead, I didn't say nothing.
I knew that he had a lot of enemies.
He was full of hot air.
He wore a wombat on his head.
This is the business we've chosen.
These are cute little more dialogues for it from The On Father.
The Mo Howard, David and the Father show.
That guy was great.
When I wanted to hear about the Howard Stern, David and Gildy, whatever that was.
Here's a fact from Alan, one of our regular facts, who says,
it's absolutely frightening how ignorant the majority of your callers are.
Absolutely correct.
This is the Romans kept their citizens distracted with wars and circuses.
The Bush regime does it with wars and ball games.
It's only 11 weeks before I get back to the set of the Vancouver can't wait.
And I echo that emotion, OK, sir?
Absolutely correct, eh?
Fine, look at the screen list out of call on the board.
You know, there's something very, very, very wrong here.
There's something wrong over here.
Do you believe this?
This show today on a scale of ten.
I usually don't do this, but I'll do it anyway, because they sure won't.
On a scale of ten, I give myself about 85 today.
This show on this end has been sensational.
I deserve a goddamn schlock award or something for this show today.
And these people out there, you know, you can't change it.
You can't make goddamn steak out of Halavall.
You just can't do it.
You can't make chef debris on out of chicken crap.
God is this place, dead spill, huh?
Hello, knee on you.
Let's talk to some old fart.
So, OK, about the notch.
About social security.
And thank goodness they're going to be using all your social security
to pay for war against Syria and Iran and North Korea.
And everybody else, we don't like the way they're doing.
And China, Canada, Mexico, they didn't go along with us either.
Cyprus, WQAM.
QAM.
You lost your audience.
Yeah, you lost your, but we still got you, asshole.
That's the only thing we care about.
We still got you.
You lost your audience.
Oh, brother.
God.
WQAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I don't know.
I'm doing OK.
Yeah, this war, I'll tell you what, it rips your part.
You know, when you see the lives being lost, not only it rips them apart.
Sure.
It's just ribb us a bit more.
We're part of a part.
Well, it's ripping us all apart.
I thank you.
I mean, whether you're for the war against the war, it's about as depressing as you can get.
I mean, if you've got kids, you can't even put the freaking TV on because the funny thing is,
like, we report the war, like it's a freaking sporting event, you know?
That's absolutely right, sir.
You got your thumb right on it.
That's right.
Like Monday night football.
Here we are.
You guys see, like, it's a made for TV event that is absolutely correct.
It's got to be depressing, and I really think, if everyone put everything into perspective and realize that this is life,
that is life that are being snuffed out.
Right.
I rack yees.
And any of the rack yees are people that yes, are afraid of the dumb, but it lives a life of...
I'll tell you one thing.
Most of them right now are a lot more afraid of us than they are of him.
Yeah.
Crazy, crazy, crazy thing.
Playing any bickies, days or what?
Yeah.
You are?
Am I playing any bickies?
No, I'm not.
I haven't heard any reason.
What about if I just get through playing it?
Just play this soprano man, you're playing...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I was out of the car for one more.
Well, get that hop back in there, man.
I do apologize.
I do apologize.
I do apologize.
Okay, just don't do it again.
Pick me up something good the next five or ten minutes.
I'll pick one for you.
Hey, bigot.
Okay, thanks.
Come on.
Let's pick one for this guy, huh?
Oh, there's the Bush family song.
I like that.
Or is that the Abesley bro?
I'll sing tree.
They were just on different sides of the tree.
I think there were three of them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Who are what do you fear most?
You know, I realize I've been a little under the weather.
I finally make a nice comeback today.
I lost a couple ounces.
And if I get my ear open, then I'm going to really be dangerous.
And then this crowd, they didn't see they weren't prepared for this.
They weren't prepared that all of a sudden I'm like a hundred yards ahead of them
and pulling away in the stretch like secretariat in the Belmont.
That's right.
Like a gigantic thundering machine.
Like a big old fat tub of crap.
That's right.
Pulling away.
Because this town is the land of the sitting and walking in the waddling dead.
With a walker on every street corner, man.
Nearby where you go, just like that old bitch of the hockey game on Sunday.
Oh, my God.
But I must be said that really important.
It must be a big game to bring you out, Neil.
Gah!
Gah!
Hey!
I can smell your million miles away, honey.
Okay?
You smell like Toe Jam.
I mean, we'll be one thing to smell like strawberry jam.
She smells like Toe Jam.
Nasty, crusty, miserable old bitch.
The smell of creeping death from head to toe.
Smells like mo.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5.
Up on 5, 60.
Yes!
Okay, just calm down.
Just relax, okay?
Man, I'm a shit.
Because I wouldn't speak to his ugly ass this morning.
Don't save your breath, okay?
Talk to somebody who, oh, I'm sorry.
I was going to say, talk to somebody who wants to speak to you.
That really limits the action.
Ten minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WQM, how many times did you have an opportunity in life?
And you didn't act.
You just said that like you were paralyzed.
You didn't reach out and grab it, and you missed out.
Well, right now is one of those times.
Rarely, there's an opportunity interrupt you.
But this one should.
Interest rates have gone down even lower than they were.
Financial group was offering you an interest rate of 3.45%.
Then, they lowered it to 2.95%.
And that now rates have gone down even lower.
Amazing as it seems.
2.45% financing with our friends at financial group.
Let me say it again.
2.45%.
So call financial group and fight out about it.
1-800-940-Lend.
How long will these interest rates last?
As they say in China, it's race?
Who the hell knows?
It's the window of opportunity.
Go through it with financial group and get an incredible low rate of,
now if they say in China, just 2.45% and save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars.
Call financial group at 1-800-940-Lend.
And, what will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments to be more specific?
Here's the answer.
A $200,000 loan cost to only $700-86 bucks a month.
A $100,000 loan you pay on a $393 bucks a month.
Amazing.
Do it now.
Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-Lend or an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply.
Rates are subject to change without notice.
5.34 APR.
My.
I'm low.
This is 420-564.
You weigh him.
And, drug whose name says it all.
Zidafacts.
Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect.
Zidafacts.
Isn't it time you experienced Zidafacts?
They cause loss of blood, loss of hearing, loss of virginity, vertigo, impotigo, impotence and prisonment,
shrinkage of the genitals and largement of the genitals, softening of the brain, softening of the stool,
loose duels, barstools, toves duels, huge prehistoric bats swooping out of the sky and eating your dog.
Helotosis, heavy berry, berry, berry, berry, mannalo, rectal bleeding, rectal numbness, numb nuts,
chest veins, hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth or death.
Zidafacts.
Is.
Perfect for everyone.
Not intended for women who are pregnant.
Women who are met.
Men who are pregnant.
Children with dogs.
Children with dogs who are pregnant.
The elderly.
The young kitty cat.
Steve Perry.
Ted pulls.
Ted pulls.
Who are pregnant and pregnant.
Paws.
In dysfomers like these.
Ask your doctor or pharmacist about Zidafacts.
And find out if it's responsible for the mysterious, postulent growth under your left arm pit.
Zidafacts.
It's on 15 at 560 W.
And we had one lady caller today.
No.
I don't believe so.
So I guess the ladies are soft for our concern when they see the pictures of all these people being blown out young American soldiers and Brits
and all these young babies that are being their dismembered and the sliced up.
I guess that they don't care about these things.
One way or the other.
Not one call.
Not one fart.
Not one blurb.
Not one the grips.
Nothing.
This is sound flow to ladies and gentlemen where we absolutely do not care enough to send every best.
This is hallmarking reverse.
It's like the sausage shop where we care enough to send our very worst.
That's right.
I'd like some good bratwurst there.
Oh, God.
Seriously, you know, in Cologne and in Berlin.
They serve the bratwurst unlike little buns that are about half the size of the long bratwurst and the bun.
And you hold the thing in the middle.
So when you're doing the atkins, you eat the bun.
The bun serves as a holder and you've shared a little mustard on your a weiner.
And you just eat it around and around a bun.
You just start to bun away.
It's great.
There's nothing like those German buns.
5607.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Correct them.
And provides a while.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot they're a bad guys again.
They keep lasting into that.
Well, the French, they're always bad.
WDQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm done with the media.
Each.
You don't?
Just keep flying more and more to the right.
Yeah.
I finally got back online this weekend.
So at least I can hook up with your links to CBC and BBC and all that.
Well, I had you mentioned that.
I want to put a little CBC on here in a minute.
Two things that the media just I haven't heard in weeks.
One, where's been lauderd?
And two, how come nobody's chasing the money?
Oh, by the way, Ben Laden just released a new audio tape today.
I mean, next week with taxes, if somebody misses a decimal point,
you're going to be here and then for seven years.
You tell me with all the bean counters, we can't track the money that's been financing this,
or anybody's not even talking about it?
We're worried about post-Aboria Rackman.
We're worried about setting up the new business.
I mean, the new government, the new military.
Well, I appreciate your format.
I know there's a lot of idiots and you know a lot of people just can't make it to the phones, too, though you realize.
I know.
I know.
Listen, most of the people who can't make it to the phone shouldn't have a great day, pal.
Hang in there.
Thanks, Neil.
Well, that's a nasty one.
Did you put that picture up there?
Where did that come from?
Oh, that was part of the War Images link.
Yes, we had somebody sent us.
Oh, yep.
War is not a video game.
War is not a movie.
Real children really die.
These pictures are a glimpse of the real face of war.
And it's on our website if you got a strong stomach.
Oh, God.
While this Rack-A-Girl appears to be alive,
the liberty and better life we are bringing to our country at any cost,
has caused her a foot and may cause her her young life.
They're, oh.
And she's the life, which I don't know whether that's a good thing or a bad thing to be honest with.
And that's shape.
No, no, there are just numbers on a page, man.
We got to get in before they get us.
God.
What a bunch of mindless morons.
See, this is one of the reasons they don't want education to be good in this country.
God forbid that the people might get smart, then they're dangerous.
They've learned something about history, learned something about civics, and about the government.
What the hell happened there?
I don't know. I heard it.
Oh, oh. Oh, I heard it.
Scared to hell on it.
So he's the newswag.
Trust him.
Connected.
Canadian.
So Canadian, A.
Let's go. Let's get with it.
So long for now.
So long for now.
What's just the end of the newscast?
Well, I ain't going to cut it.
That was the end of the newscast.
That was heaven's liver that guy was one of those connoz.
Just a little flavor of the CDC, eh?
Attack on Iraq.
Oh, isn't that interesting?
It doesn't say I never noticed that before.
This is the CDC news today.
And we want to show you a lot of the information that Raki feared.
And this is attack on Iraq.
I never noticed that before.
All day.
You've been there all the way.
You've been bombing the city.
People there describe it as a reign of bombs.
The US Third Infantry Division has turned back a counterattack by hundreds of Iraqi fighters.
And two journalists died when an American tank opened fire on the Palestine hotel where this camera is located.
And another part of the city, there's a pile of rubble that could be the grave of Saddam Hussein and his two sons.
A U.S. aircraft dropped four so-called bunker-buster bombs on a residential complex just 45 minutes after a tip from the CIA that Saddam was inside,
meeting with his sons Uday and Crusay and several top advisors.
The buildings were flattened.
The attacks today are both ferocious and relentless.
Among the buildings coming under fire was the Palestine hotel.
The temporary home for hundreds of journalists covering the war, including the BBC's Ragi Omar, who filed this report.
An AT&T tankbuster rules over the Iraqi capital.
As America tightens its grip from the air as well as the ground.
It comes back again, blasting this ministry building for a second time.
The American army has swept through the Iraqi leadership's seat of power and they're now in control of one of the city's key bridges.
The American forces are pushing on relentlessly, they're continuing to take ground and pounding defensive positions.
And given the fact that they seem to be coming up against hardly any resistance, it seems that everything is theirs for the taking.
The offices of Arabic satellite channels, including Al Jazeera, were hit seemingly by an American war plane.
Hours later, an American tank fires at the Reuters news agency in the Palestine hotel where all Western journalists are based.
The Americans say they were responding to sniper fire, but dozens of us were on the roof of the hotel and none of us heard any gunfire at all.
We tried desperately to get medical help for our colleagues, but in these series of attacks, several journalists have been killed and wounded.
How do you like that, huh? Oh, I'm sorry, we're not supposed to put the truth on here, I forgot.
A attack on Iraq, I like that. I'll since it started, the logo on CBC, I just never paid attention to the difference and of course you notice the difference in reporting.
Right there from a guy who was right on the roof when the shooting started.
Let's get those journalists, baby.
That's why that's bad. They heard that there was no sniper fire.
Yeah, that's right. That's why we like to shut them up because they can give you the real story what's going on there.
As opposed, of course, to the cheerleaders with the pom-poms who are like embedded, you know what I'm saying? Very, very different.
It's like a different event.
When you heard the news from the CBC and the BBC as opposed to the cheerleading American networks and I use the term loosely.
A little taste of the CBC there, eh? A little taste of the truth.
Not anti-American, not anti- Anybody just right down the middle of the truth.
Everybody QAM?
Hi, I got a question for Neil.
Yes sir, speaking.
Hi, I've been following the news lately and there's been some talk about Syria.
What they're saying is that is the question. If Syria was going to attack Turkey from the rear, do you think Greece would help?
Ah, ha ha ha.
Rack them.
There's an American for you baby, but there you go.
What's that gorilla that got on passions that the old Mrs. Wallace's nurse that they got a monkey now, that's her nurse?
Well, that's because Beth is busy plotting to kill Sheridan and her baby. What do you got to understand?
You never did see Sheridan, did you?
See, you know, you enjoy what I'm telling you.
Sheridan is one of the most beautiful women in the world.
Blonde, she is just amazing looking.
Oh, that's right.
We don't want to watch passion until it's a soap opera.
It's not a soap opera.
It's a comedy.
It's a sad thire.
That's OK.
You watch the crap you want to watch.
You keep watching the funny paper.
I used to watch days of our lives until one of the people got possessed and floated
up the bed.
Yeah, they still don't want to cry.
And also, what's his name?
I don't watch that show a year ago I did.
And isn't it interesting?
They brought the guy back who used to be the farmhand.
And now he's a John or somebody like a different character.
Like the audience has got Alzheimer's or something.
Distant or wait until they bring McDonald's carry back.
And what's her name?
She's still on a show, by the way.
Alice, how old is she?
100.
God, I must have been watching that a long time that show because when I started I was
about 30, man.
WQAM.
Yeah, how's it hanging?
How you doing, sir?
You know, I have switched.
At the beginning I was for the war and I have to see a lot of things and not just listening
to you, but the thing that really killed me is that one scene would have the other night
where the family came out with the little kids.
Right.
Right, terrified.
Going through the house.
I mean, I mean, I mean, they're ready to meet their maker.
They thought that was it.
I mean, look at that little girl and she's shaking and the mother and the two little boys
is looking at the guys like, what are you guys going to do?
It's just unbelievable.
And you know, I just, it just, I don't know, it just, I'm not almost a, like the song
you're not being ashamed to be American.
I'm not totally ashamed, but it's just, it just, it just makes you think, what's, where
are we going to stop with this?
Yes, yes, partly ashamed so far.
Just partly ashamed.
And I was just, I know you always rip it on Randy Rhodes and, uh, it really does.
Is that, is she really on?
I mean, I don't think she's even on anymore.
I think people just talk about her because she used to ramble and scream, you know, liberal
politics, which is fine.
But I don't think she's even on anymore.
In fact, I don't think she's even in town.
Because I know they did that.
Yeah.
640, 629.
Oh, well, listen, she channel keeps moving those stations around.
You can't even find them anymore.
It's unbelievable.
And I got a job.
Sometimes I listen to, uh, Matt drugs.
Matt drugs, something like that.
Oh my, you listen to Matt drugs.
What's in a while?
Oh my god.
We're going to get you a lobotomy, sir.
I have got already on order for five years.
Well, we listen to that wild bitch.
Listen, during the updates is that guy, John Leather, like you were saying.
Now, here's the holy new station in town.
And they read the same freaking headlines every half hour.
Sunday night was the guy that got shot.
They bombed Iraq.
And they just, they're anything else happening.
No, you guys are the same copy every half an hour.
I think they're trying to attack your phone to your crap and out.
Have a great day, pal.
Bye-bye.
Come down a little bit.
My friends in the Jewish community, my friends in the Polish community.
You left out your friends in the Greek community, John.
And by the way, don't drive that car.
Well, now here's one says what channel is CBC on?
Well, it's on the CBC.
It's moved to Canada.
Look at that nice suit today, huh?
Nice haircut.
Greg looks like a real mench today.
You don't know what that means, but it's a compliment.
Nice tie.
What's the occasion?
He just went a lot of rear something.
What the hell happened?
Look at that.
That's the best time.
Well, that's a good sign.
You know what that means?
He's finally coming back to the human race.
He was a little bit add-on-o for Wilder.
But now he's making a good comeback.
We don't want to see it too much, but this is a pleasant situation.
In fact, that's the only time we want to see it during a pleasant situation,
which in this business, of course, there aren't too many of many more.
Here's one that says I sent you a facts last week.
Telling about the network, logo is being different.
Attack on Iraq, war with Iraq, war in Iraq, and Iraqi freedom.
That's right.
Operation, Iraqi freedom.
Subliminal message in perspectives, wouldn't you say?
There you go.
Yeah, well, attack on Iraq is certainly a lot different than Operation Iraqi freedom.
You almost want to play the violin's behind that one, you know?
27 after 11 at 5.60 W. Kim, we got the mad dog from Augusta, from that golf tournament
where the men are men and the women can't get in.
That's a one o'clock.
We got Hank from the amami.
Why is Hank doing a show, Greg, at the amami heat today?
I mean, is that for the playoffs we're getting ready?
What is that all about, or paying for it?
OK.
Greg says we'll take anybody's money.
You've got a few bucks.
You want some spots, we'll take it.
We've no one else to leave it a spot.
We just take your money.
OK, please.
Small bills.
Hey, if you want some small bills or some bigger bills, go to fast strength, because they
can give you a great education.
Now it'll be a high paid computer analyst.
And you can start getting out of your debt and job and have a real career, a real paycheck,
and a real life.
How do you like that?
No excuse anymore, because they've got locations all over town.
You'll find fast train in Miami, Kendall, Pember Pines, Florida, Hill.
So there is bound to be a fast train location convenient and nearby you.
They've got day evening weekend classes, so you can fit it into your schedule and vice versa.
Call them today, and like I said, get started on a real computer career.
In just four short months, you can be trained and on your way to some real cash and a real big fat paycheck.
Register at fasttrained.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker and wave it proudly.
Pick up the phone and call fast train today, toll free, 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
My and lobo, 6-Sports radio by city.
Way to AM.
He's an American music icon, the original country punk.
And now he's reaching across the Atlantic to pay tribute to England's greatest punk band.
It's the best of Johnny Clash.
Busch-arrived, don't like it.
Rockin' the Casbah.
A man in black is back on track with a very special version of train in vain.
Did you stand by me?
No, not at all.
Did you stand by me?
No way.
Yes, London's calling, and they're saying hello to the best of Johnny Clash.
If I go there will be trouble.
And if I stay it will be double.
Hello, this is Johnny Clash.
And I shot this commercial in Reno just to watch you buy.
My brand new record.
So you've gotta let me know.
Should I stay or should I go?
The best of Johnny Clash.
Look for it in the combat country section of your local record store.
Like you kindly.
You're welcome, 1133, they say early test show, Nervin Blister Gas.
But not conclusive.
They've been running that for the whole 24 hours.
Past the sides.
Oh, sorry.
So Greg was just in here momentarily, our close personal friend.
Guess what he kept saying?
Fuck 30 man.
He loves that.
I think everybody loves that.
Don't overdo it though.
Don't play it too many times.
Fuck 30 man.
That's enough.
56670560, pound 560, Audi AT&T line.
Here's the fact that it says, I know it's cliche to say that history repeats itself,
but it has done exactly that in the past.
Look at the Roman Empire.
The biggest strongest, most advanced nation of its time, destroyed by barbarians.
Am I the only one who sees a possible parallel with the Muslim fanatics in the barbarians of ancient Rome?
All the dead women and children are going to inspire a new generation of bin Laden's
who want to up the ante of what's already been done.
I'm confident in our nation, but with idiots at the helm, we aren't looking too smart.
As you're talking about Richard Helms and Jesse Helms, I think Richard, I think Dick's dead.
Richard Helms.
Maybe not.
Oh, I think not.
Oh, William Casey, he's dead.
They made sure of that.
Oh, they made sure he wasn't around too long.
Yeah, one day he was fine next day.
Dead.
William Casey.
New too much.
455 votes on the pool.
Who are what do you fear the most?
Religious Fanatics 143.
George W. Bush, 119.
Laws of Freedom's 59.
Terrorist 54.
Mohawar David is moving up.
He's got 21.
John Ascroft is tied with Mohawar David.
That's a lot of similarities.
Repressive, dictatorial.
In fact, the Ascroft just moved ahead with 22.
Moes got 21.
Straighten that out.
World War 19.
A lot of people are afraid we might be on a way to World War 4.
Is that goofball said.
Former CIA director James Woolsey, who wants to pull the Woolsey over your eyes, man.
Over there eating halivow with Ariel Sharon, plotting all kinds of evil things.
George Rodriguez, 13 votes and Donald Trump's failed to spul potatoes.
He's only got seven.
About the only thing he said since the war started of any consequence.
In fact, the last two years was him.
That was about it.
That's all he said of any note.
Good column by Paul Krugman in the Times today, New York Times last refuge.
I'll get to it.
Don't let me forget.
Remind me please.
Also that thing about these suspended girls in Beaufort, South Carolina.
Do you see that?
Yeah, the Dixie chicks.
Well, they're not really the Dixie chicks.
It's just trying to be cute with any of Southern chicks.
The suspensions of 35 high school students in this quaint coastal town.
Beaufort, South, is that Beaufort Beaufort?
I don't...
I can't...
The continent of that stuff.
I shouldn't have said cotton.
Have made it the new focus of the old issue.
The potentially offensive fashion statement made by Donning the Confederate flag,
which I see many of those on your pickup trucks down here, by the way.
And I'm grossed out by it.
Daa, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
Come on.
Let's sing Dixie.
Let's go.
Da-da, da-da, na-da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
Outrage over these suspensions last month of students who wore shirts with a flag sparked a protest march to a school district door-a-fist,
and a roadside protest where students waived the Confederate flag and held signs proclaiming heritage not hate.
The heritage was hate.
How about the Swastika?
I had no idea in the world anyone would be offended by this and Brook Armstrong a 17-year-old
Beaufort B.O. a high student sitting in her family's home, overlooking the marsh and a
dock where Confederate flag snaps in the breeze.
She's the babbling brook.
Or she's not on any more either.
Is she on babbling brook?
I don't know.
I mean anywhere?
Is she in Palm Beach?
I don't know.
Somebody from Palm Beach please call and let us know all your lineups up there.
Plus you got new sports stations all kinds of it stuff.
Nobody cares.
To Armstrong the shirt is part of being a southern girl she says.
I thought being like wild and loose was what being a southern girl's all about.
Loose is a caboose.
Have one in the oven.
That's bad, but it's true.
If anyone asked you know Brook Armstrong everyone says the real southern girl with
a country accent she says that's my personality.
Everybody knows me.
That's what she says.
Or Brook.
It's such t-shirts were banded Beaufort High School after a student who since let school
wore a flag shirt and handed out literature with Confederate emblems to recruit members
for the area nation a white supremacist group.
A few days later school hall monitors had off a confrontation between the student and
two others.
The monitors reported more students also seemed to be wearing the flag shirts at principal
11's.
Under the county school dress code administrators made prohibiting the wearing of clothing
which may forcibly disrupt the interview with the school environment.
So we got a bunch of red next we think it's okay to wear the Confederate flag shirt.
But if you have a piece of an anti-war t-shirt you're going straight to the goddamn concentration
camp baby no questions asked.
That's right straight to camp summer camp winter camp fall camp and spring.
How do you like that?
It's America for you.
In fact why don't we change the awards?
I should land them.
The home of the used to be brave and the land of the used to be free.
I like that.
Yeah.
I'm going to start singing that.
At the track when they play the steris bangle banner.
Go scribbelo without.
Boy thank God for my good buddy Dick Feinberg.
Thank God for you Dick you're a great man you're a great American a great human being.
A great the tabian whatever it is.
Now seriously he's a good guy.
He likes me.
Nobody else likes me anymore.
That's okay then bother me.
Nobody else likes me anymore.
Carlos used to like me a lot so we start with his bedtime stories.
Boy that's a really gross thing we put on there on our website.
You know something good that's what you need to see.
And I've seen plenty of pictures a lot grosser than that like those first five American
POWs that got butchered.
As if we didn't know this was going to happen we knew it was going to happen we know
what we're dealing with.
And we took these kids and we put them in harm's way like that including some of the females
like Jessica and the black girl who we still don't know where those other four or five
are.
And people get offended at these pictures and they say oh wait what you shouldn't be
showing that.
Yeah we should be showing that you should be you should be tied to a chair every person
in this country especially these sympathizers for this butchering that's going on for this
illegal invasion they should be tied to a chair and have their irons propped open like
in a clockwork orange with toothpicks to make sure that they have to look at every one
of these images.
And should be subjected so you can see that it's real it's not just a made for TV movie
god damn it.
They could not wear it so it's not common.
The vibration watch was again because they made some people take shots there.
And there's one of the herb TVs they finally put on CNN little picture and audio.
You know just a minute or two from CBC I put on here there is the real story of what's
going on.
And of course whatever we need to make up to be expedient all while we were only shooting
because there was we were responding to a sniper fire.
There wasn't any sniper fire the journalists were there on the roof they heard nothing.
There was no sniper fire.
So let me say it again like the guy like that British soldier was psychotic about the
trigger happy Americans with all this friendly fire.
Remember that story the other day?
Yep.
Cowboys.
Cowboys.
Well why the hell shouldn't they be the president's a cowboy why shouldn't we have soldiers being
cowboys.
Tragedy.
I mean supporting supporting our troops does not mean putting them in harm's way putting
them in situations where we know that a lot of them are going to be butchered for an
unjust cause that we still can't really define.
Well is it is it those weapons of ass destruction?
Is it regime change?
Is it freedom for the Iraqi people liberation by decapitation?
What is it really you know when you come right down to it?
Every couple of days we have to change the name of it so we can keep selling a goddamn
crap like it's like a snake oil salesman that's what it is peddling bull crap to the public.
Not selling too good around the rest of the world selling big in America because the American
people are really smart you know like Fredo that's right they're like Fredo not dumb they're
smart.
Where the hell is that thing?
I can handle things I'm smart.
I'm not like everybody said but dumb I'm smart and I want to spit.
And of course for respect you know we need to go see don't you.
Don't call your own.
Right.
20 and 19 to noon well I'm getting carried away here today it's a good thing I am cause
you're on his way like wake up and sniff it.
Half of the hills you lullah heads down here your brains are fried from being down here
too long.
Wake up and sniff it.
That called the hanky is that it frosted my ass you know we're just couple of days from
the standard cup playoffs.
Huh seriously how many minutes of the standard cup playoffs do you think other than me and
Goli the entire radio station will watch during the upcoming playoffs.
That goes on by the way for eight solid weeks and those eight weeks how many minutes
you think the staff will watch.
About 30 man.
Yeah that's exaggeration.
You gonna watch any of it?
No.
I'll watch probably the championship and maybe the the conference championships too.
Really?
Yep.
Always got to be the odd ball.
18 till noon a Q.I.M.
Hey if your carpets look and smell and feel not too great if they're schmutzie in other
words as they say in the hungry here's the answer for you if your carpets are from hunger
make them look and smell and feel just like brand new I know it sounds too good to be
true I'm not exaggerating when dry concepts finishes the amazing job on your flow you'll
look when they walk out the door they hand you a little rose you hand them a check and
say thank you very much you look around you say holy crap I can't believe these carpets
look like just like brand new no matter how hopeless they look right now I've done it
for years over 21 years they've been on this program and I've used them in my home and
every time there's never any disappointment every time they do a spectacular unbeatable
job because they dry clean your carpets which sucks out even the deep down dirt and your
fibers your carpets so by the time they could then your carpets look a hell of a lot cleaning
like brand new stay clean and longer and last longer too because you're not stopping all
I crap down to the carpets every time you take a step and they also do is to pendous
job cleaning your poultry your leather furniture your drapery whatever how you need if you have
problems with pet orders and mildew orders caused by water damage no problem they'll do their
magic on those two and no matter what you have them do for you they give you a written
guaranteed price every time before they start the job you can't beat that so if you want
to stupendous job at a guaranteed fair price called right concepts you'll never even think
about calling anybody else in anywhere you are toll free from anywhere it's 1-800-248-5071
or if you want to get more information about dry concepts just log on to their website at
dryconcepts.com don't forget when you use dry concepts clean today entertain tonight
we're stronger I hear you're looking for one look let's give up our home land security education
self security and Medicare 14-till-noone you ask for at 560 WQM happy Tuesday to you gotta
put a big smile on our post might as well a lot of the pressing stuff going on don't let
it get you down that's my best advice okay here's Donna and Delray got a good facts
and she started out and she cried look at that she's all whipped up into a frenzy say sorry
about the mess that's okay Donna you cared enough to send your very best she says what
that is going on here how can any Merck and be proud of this genocide going on in Iraq my fear
is that this country will never crawl out of the Republican hammer we know what exists under
we're under the hammer not that hammer where's our hope says Donna the Democrats are frighteningly
silent who do we turn to next facial graham and Kennedy lost their voice question mark cat got
their tongue much a pussy says Donna I'm ashamed to be an American she says I'll continue to
voice my anger about the sham of a war you're right this is any legal invasion well there's no
question about that Randy Roachie says is on 1290 from three to seven day afternoon 1290 what is
that is that like a when your pop up toaster we don't know so she's in Delray Donna so nice Donna
thanks for getting whipped up and caring all the way have no women callers today you think that
especially in light of the butchery of little children it's going on and other innocent people as
well that the women see if the women don't care that nobody else's because the men you know it's
a much more thing let's kick their ass let's go and kill some shmata heads let's go that's what it
is Americans love violence and even in this case if a lot of our own innocent people are under
receiving a well you know collateral damage like the friendly fire wqa m
hello no this American does not love violence well good for you absolutely not and I have a child
and I don't think that those Iraqis love their children any less than we do right I think it's
disgusting what's going on and I have a feeling that it's just never going to be over with this
administration you know it's another five years they got big plans and of course one of the other
corner with that bad cell phone before though he was really right because you know if they keep
us going in war after war they're going to this little sure you got four more years for WNN
eight years for jev and then George P eight years for him and there's nothing we can do about it
right except move well where are we going to go madagascar sounds good anyway I also wanted to
talk to you about fat okay please you know you were saying earlier that people want to step
side you mm-hmm I've left about 15 pounds since the January good great yeah so I tell my mom
who's you know constantly bringing candy Easter's coming up I say I don't want any candy in this house
and she so she shows up Sunday I see the bag she's bringing and she's got a packet of Oreo double
stuff in there I said I don't want that crap in my house I'm doing it really well
well it's not candy she says oh yeah she's you're bringing a couple of dozen crispy cream donuts
that wouldn't be candy either and how about a half a gallon of rocky road that's not candy oh stop it
no yeah but just keep in mind you're you keep that mentality those people are your enemy okay I don't
care whether they're related to their friends if they do that they're not your friend she does not
understand the sugar addiction and she does really well all week and she says oh Sunday is my
day to indulge so she has her sugar on Sunday well Tyler don't show up on Sunday stay the hell out of
okay never on a Sunday okay keep up the good work thank you okay okay she lost 15 pounds
all us fellow fat people we got to declare our own war against fat in fact it's fun as she should
call because I just had this story obese children somebody who affects the sin obese children rank
their quality of life as low as cancer patients obese children rate their quality of life with
scores as low as those of young cancer patients on chemotherapy a study finds highlighting the
physical and emotional toll of being too fat testing at scour teasing at school difficulties playing
sports fatigue sleep apnea and other obesity linked problems also very effective BC youngsters well
being the study found while the researchers didn't expect to find youngsters mirroring the
cliche of the fat happy child the dismal scores were far far lower than anticipated said lead author
dr. Jeffrey swimmer a pediatric gastroenterologist at the University of California San Diego the magnitude
is striking he said the likelihood of significant quality of life impairment was profound for obese
children and there are few things that make me more nauseous than fat people and watching them
parade around their fat tubby kids I don't want to mention any names of anybody on this radio station
hi a pally but when you see fat people who've got real but like their children have to be a mirror
of themselves you know should be arrested like they sit around having a right for parental malpractice
abuse horrendous you can just envision them all sitting around just shoveling shoveling the crap
down their puts shoveling it in like the scene from fatso never forget that scene as long as I live
man that the honey tune yeah wow with Oscar Lapidus all right don't get worked through a rabbit I'm
just telling you people I keep putting food in front of me and leaving candy right you're not my
friends I'm on you people are keeping inviting me to dinners and I just I just had a stroke not a
major stroke thank goodness thank the Lord do good but you know less than two months ago
and for the entire period of time I keep telling of course that's what I'm here when I'm in Toronto
I don't have to deal with that you know I go I eat with how I want to eat and that's it
but here all my good close personal friends and I'm just about all of them have some of this
have some of that they might as well take about your rat trap some of these people and just put it
all around the house here you go let's say let's put some of this under here and some
because they know sooner or later when you have it when you're addicted you're gonna eat it
oh get me out of here please get me out of this place put me on a plane put me on air candidate
before they go out of business yeah they just filed for our chapters 85 92 and 175
the flying is gonna be a thing of the past yeah you're gonna if you're gonna fly man you have to
use your own no wings you're gonna have to like flap your arms real heavy duty like freaky
carlos out front he can do it nobody on three shame on you nobody QAM hello yes sir
is this Neil Rogers sounds just like me yes yeah Neil I've been trying to get through to it for
a couple hours yeah well we're doing screenless because Carlos is not a lot of pressure in the other
yeah anyway yeah you're right about the your points on the Iraqi war bush and his buddies are
just up for big business deals on that and I just feel it shouldn't be done it shouldn't have
been done and appreciate all your insight all your views on it and spreading the word okay thanks
a lot appreciate it thanks a lot and have a great day well there you go short and sweet right to
the point there's one guy who likes it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon and the sad part of it is that most of these people and look I'm not gonna change anybody's
mind on this radio show but at least I'm gonna present an alternative viewpoint as opposed to 110
percent of the other crap you hear it in their voices like oh Howard you know let's say to go back
to Howard sir commercial break is over yeah I mean when Howard Stern and Phil Henry yeah but wait
yeah the wait a second our goose stepping I mean uh what's left what's left you know I used to
think that maybe I was over the top with all the comments about you know not see this in fascist
that not only was I not over the top I think maybe I'm understanding the case I think Hitler and
Hermann Gearing and the crowd they'd be embarrassed put these guys put them to shame pay for you that
number one paid me back number two let's round a bunch of people and of course the thing that's
the thing that's just so hysterical right from the get go if I can use that expression when they
had those first pictures of the prison is a war and well if we catch the people who did these
committees barbersacks we're gonna make sure that they're tried well let me say it again the
international court court is where it's supposed to be tried but the problem is that the United
States not only opposed that court but they're not even a member of it now we don't want to be
part of that we want to bring them back here and dispense their own justice we'll go see Don
Crowley on for justice and we got our own world here man every treaty that this country was hooked
up with that we don't want any part of that forget it we didn't mean it the environment nuclear
arms proliferation we don't care no matter what it was we're gonna do our own thing
and the public hey you know whatever you say like I started to say a minute ago you can't talk
to these people you were during a time or worse that we have to go step we have to get behind
the president behind our troops which of course one has nothing to do with the other I don't know
I don't know anybody well there was that one jackass from Columbia and that guy to be like
strong up somewhere like Mussolini talking about how he hopes that the Gillian's troops
get killed or just to prove a point we don't know saying person hopes that we wish him all the best
and wish that they'd be home before noon which is about four minutes but supporting the troops
and supporting the president supporting his illegal invasion we uh no not the same but that
requires a little bit too much and when you can just turn on oh look at this here's Greg Lenz
junior again Jessica's brother but you know she she's not in the state where she really wants to
talk much about that well good because we don't want to hear it anyway I mean God bless her and
good good to look to her but enough with Jessica right saving private Jessica how long is it going
to be before that movie is out huh oh how many days you think it's going to be before that movie
comes out saving private Jessica yeah I think you got your thumb on it sweetheart I think it's
going to be way before that there's going to be a TV version of the movie like I said how many
minutes before that comes out about 30 man now now why does somebody send me a list of all the
casualties I mean I want to sound callous but I said we don't have the time what what is this
supposed to prove to me the 90 American casually so far the deaths what what look at this they really
had names they're real we got all the they well yeah that's true but we don't have time to put it
all on you we could put them on a website I guess you want to do that sure from news day news
day to come yeah I'll leave the one page here it's got the the thing on the bottom shall be done
put the names of these said and and and it's I guess it is a good thing to put real faces and
you know these were real people not just names not just statistic on the sheet of paper
do you know how many raki's died during the first Gulf War a couple hundred thousand I think
I was a hundred thousand a hundred thousand it's and and and and Vietnam we lost 60 and look
what happened there hundred thousand and now we're going to make them an offer they can't refuse by
imposing I mean by setting up this great new regime James Woolsey that old war now general I
first I have some kind of a mental block on a general from Orlando I can never think there's
that one Jay Garner they're not going to sit still for that for one second and once again you got
the the battle of conflict in the administration between Colin Powell and the voice of some reason
on the one hand and Donald Robbins fell then wolfowitz and Richard Purl on the other hand and of
course the hand in the arm are up in the year to forty five degree angle with those guys
good Golly miss Molly you understand the stupe will keep track of everyone two minutes till
known at five sixty double to q a m what are we doing now oh my good friends at the animal coast
that's what we're doing anytime you're in the mood to really pick out this is the place in fact
you want to take your kids there make them really fat huh well why not if you're going to do it
somewhere at least let them enjoy the good food animal coach Chinese buffet they got three south
photo locations there when sunrise north Miami Beach and their brand new location in Pembroke Pies
you can start out your mouth watering amazing unparalleled feast with six different soups try one or
two or try them all if you want have a bowl have ten bowls of each you know just pour it down and
then sample dozens and dozens zillions of suckers and entourage I've never really counted how many
there are by the way to the doctor and man and of course they got that gourmet center a sizzling
Asian grill with teriyaki steaks shrimp chicken seafood hand carb firm I'll cook the order the way
you like it and please keep in mind you'll never walk out of the animal coast with a headache just
a big fat puppet and a smile on your face because they don't use anything bad for you know MSG
no cornstarch and they cook only with cholesterol free oils there were faith features a full salad
bar new sushi bar fresh room cocktail and the lobster fest which is world renowned is back in
a macos featuring lobster thermators and lobster biscuit and if you have any room left for that
dessert bar it'll lock your socks off if you were any they got pies cakes pastries ice cream with
all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well three locations you'll find them in sunrise
pine island of 44th Street in north Miami Beach Collins Avenue just north of 162 and at the
intersection a flamingo in Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pies they accept reservations take out
and live available as well say how to Richard over there at the animal coach tell him go leave
schooled first game flyers leaves tomorrow for Latopia 954 57238 22 95457 238 22 don't forget for a
real great feast anytime for lunch or dinner it's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
we're supposed to go five six two a.m. and for our alien our
rrrr rust laden and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels
and listening to the near roe hey I'm gonna eat the hour
take high and woo woo woo woo see it about how it oh yeah yeah you two work out the uh have a good day
in paradise okay they get lost your pocket bottom hey you how David yeah that's right
star a stage screen and paradise say you look like we'll chamber it that's goes I
is will jabelet yeah but you're dead so are you I get behind the car what for oh why I said get
move when you wait when you what do you require the heart of the hooding hey get get the head
off the merchandise scream of you what else right all right someone but the smoke is down here
what do you require of me I require you drive your pants now and I see here right now
okay I'm gonna trunk here that's nice that's it
where you going don't I get it dinner will chamberlain he retouched that will chamberlain
rate me yeah we know we just heard a 12 oh four five sixty never do qm happy Tuesday too
don't sound as way lunch by the way now we can have a good time you know no we can party now we
can have a real party in here baby now that no he's okay but he's like you know sits in there
monitoring every word party yeah can I like this okay yeah yeah a lot of a big fat one okay anyway
here's one of the great faxes in history from listener George that's with a G good morning the
alarm sure I border on chronic but these thoughts are not meant to be amusing or tongue in cheek
I'm xe-s army served during gulf war one I entered the military as an officer what would my
college degree so I didn't get shot directly shot at very often luckily but in a lots of folks
a workshop at and some of them are still dead nevertheless I'm proud of my service of the country
and the opportunities this country's given me I've even got an american flag tattoo to my shoulder
so happy I was to get home and order a ham and cheese on rye with spussy spicy mustard and french
fries oops I supported gulf war one not that I had a choice but I supported even under my breath
those non-democratic filthy rich coities and their beamers and venezes aside I never even got a
reach around god damn it after all in Iraq invaded Kuwait and we certainly don't like nobody invaded
nobody unless we're doing the invading relative to the current attack on Iraq anyone who thinks
that this is all about the USA liberating the Iraqi people are being a beacon of hope for the
countries in the Middle East is confused hasn't gotten beyond the weekly reader stage if regime
change with a goal rather than those bountiful oil fields we could have dropped a bunker buster
or two on Sodom gotten it over with and spared lots of lives this is about replacing Sodom with
handpicked US friendly government with US friendly business practices and it was established a long
term presence in the Middle East we've had an Israel sort of but I'm sure the new Baghdad will
look even more like Boston than does Jerusalem think power of yours is going to be there how about
annual hall and Quincy market the point of my faxes I'm amused and disappointed listening to the
young punk so called your show and other shows and love insults and attempt to intimidate anyone who
doesn't have their brown shirts pressed and black boots polished last time I looked the US's
military's recruiting numbers are way down the past 30 days I know I know you want to have how
many days okay would you be disappointed if I didn't do it seems like the young punk's on your
telephones are only too happy to watch the war on their play stations rather than putting their
muscle where their mouth are by marching down to the recruiting office and putting uniform on
they call you another's anti-American but they do it while hiding under the kitchen tables or
mommy's dress they wouldn't know a weapon from a woman if they feel so religiously supportive
about this world want to make a real contribution the recruiters would be thrilled to see them at
their doors listen to George great facts let's hear it let's hear it for listen to George one of
the great factions of all time I like that by the way we're doing the scream of somebody screaming
that you're not answering the phone he's not going to answer the phone okay
all right here's an update thank you very much from the Atlanta urinal constitution
in terms of black and white today it's likely to be one of the tenses days in the legislature that's
in the joja in scores a score of years oh I see this is another story a compromise measure
on a new state flag and on a pair of statewide votes next year one of which would include the 56
state flag with its Confederate battle emblem is expected to breeze through the house thanks to
in lines of white democrats and republicans not one of the thirty nine black house members expected
to support the measure introduced by the governor as a vehicle for racial healing even bringing up
the rebel flag amounts to moral retrogression since state senator ed harborson chairman of the
legislative black caucus I think the message is clear that we hadn't come as far as we thought we had
absolutely correct the agreement reached last week would immediately haul down the state flag
pushed through by governor roi barns in two thousand one and put up one that resembles both the
stars in bars approved by the Confederate government in eighteen sixty one just as the civil war
began in the Georgia state flag that flew until nineteen fifty and six the legislation also calls
for a binding referendum march second two thousand four a yes or no on the stars and bars flag
which does not have the sanders cross of the Confederate battle emblem why don't they just have a
referendum in Georgian south carolina on the civil rights huh might as well now back in a back
in a bus again okay we change their mind we never wanted to get in the first place that's what you
have boy it's really it's it's a scary man and they can have a flag with a brain cross on it and we're
gonna tell you raki's or anybody else what it's like to be free and what it's all about the human
values this red necky bible thumpen hypocritical born again full of crap country we're gonna do that
ocean said that even though it's true how many votes you got in the old well stick a peak
let's take a puked the pool who are what do you fear the most five we should have put the usual
uh nothing i'm fearless but i want to put that in that such crap cop up yeah that's right
the cop out like numby above no more that numby above crap get an opinion get with it who are what
do you fear the most religious fanatics hundred and sixty one towards w bush hundred and fifty three
loss of freedom seventy six terror was sixty four mo howard david it is starting to move up just a
little bit twenty seven they scare he scares the crap out of them world war twenty four john as
crow i tell you scares the crap out of us too because he's still on the air john ascroft twenty three
Jorge Rodriguez only seventeen and poor old Donald rumsfeld's only got a lot of shame boy he's way
way down in the bottom kind of like riki martin maybe they like it down there on the bottom
i'm in its past known at five sixty wq a lot you dog lovers out there and people with pets you don't
want to trust your pet to some stranger somebody at some uh yet they rent a place where you don't
have no idea who the people are what they're going to do with your pet wider on vacation bark avenue pet
resort is the answer for it's a panacea it's the only all natural pet resort in the country it's
like having a day at the spot for your pet your pooch will socialize all day with pals and soft
mad at player is and always out of the supervision of dog loving counselors to bark avenue is a full
service five star resort offering boarding in large-child suites they offer day care expert grooming
and all breeds when you see the place and you can take a look at it online like i've checked it out
and you're going to be very impressed with the cleanliness and also when you go to the lack of smell
you can sniff all you want and it's like a purest the lilacs and rochester it's a ten thousand
square foot luxury facility that your pet will absolutely love see for yourself what bark avenue is
all about go online and take a look at it for yourself bark at pet resort dot com it's bark a ve
bark at pet resort dot com and take a virtual tour or take a real tour if you like it bark avenue
monday to Saturday you'll find them at fourteen hundred south federal highway in hollywood what a
blessing this is there just one light north of pamper road ride by the way a blessing for pet owners
because now you don't have to have a p in your pants worrying whether your pet is going to take
care of right when you go on vacation or wait for a few days call bark avenue at nine five four nine
two five bark nine five four nine two five bark for boarding grooming and day care bark avenue pet
resort it's one of a kind
oh
this is poor twenty five six years you will
young god there's lady in town she's another dark stew and she needs to buy bread that is
unleaven
and she's buying bread is seven he left
and
and the bread is one
did
and
and the bread is one
did
and the bread is really one
did
come fourteen happy pay saw happy Easter what's this is Santa calendar when Easter and Passover are
what the dates are early this year i believe or is this just a regular goi shakounder very generic one's Easter
Easter's on the 20th and Passover begins on the 16th oh we got some time it's only the eighth
don't forget that matsu pizza the piece of the piece of the piece of the piece of the piece of the
don't bring me any by the way Jeff i will not eat it not because it's not good at don't want a
food did i make myself clear about that good this little try no they won't Jeff Jeff Jeff
takes care of me okay he understands he understands english give it to the rimers okay they need it
bad they only inherited what was it fifteen million and live in a six million dollar house
or whatever by any Jones so give give all the extras to them they like free food i like free food
too but right the moment i can't eat them i'm just not in eating mood you know gotta do it look
look what happened i lost about three or four pounds and today i'm almost if this ear would open
up i know you're tired to hear me say that and so my tired of it be i would feel sensational almost
good enough to like do a show this is such a sad story now we're all i see west hollywood
california and here's another good reason to take your dogs to bark avid who pet resort okay so you
know what's gonna happen with them dog dies after spending time under dryer at groomer petselon owner
calls the incident of fluke oh why did you give this to me told you it was the press you're an
idiot a golden retriever i can't handle this term sorry a golden retriever died after spending
twenty minutes under a dry with a dog grooming saloon salon the owners of golden retrievers sam and
harry left them at you washed doggy earlier this week for all supposed to been a routine wash and dry
but two hours later the owners were called by groomers because harry had died his body temperature
had risen above a hundred and nine by the time saloon workers rushed him to a vet a dog's normal
temperatures about one oh one we dropped him off next thing we know we got a phone call he was dead
you washed doggy saloon owner francisco genera said he hopes the owner understands we didn't do
this on purpose it was a fluke i'd like to give him a fluke i'd like to give him oh just a fluke
just a fluke a francisco genera said the dogs weren't less than attended they weren't under the
box shaped dryers too long he theorized that four-year-old harry died of dehydration the cause of
death is unknown pentagame necromancy and he cried i guess that's what they call animal autopsies
right very clever new but pet experts agreed that the hydration was likely caused sheriff department
officials that no laws have been broken most manufacturers recommend running grooming dryers
no harder than about eighty degrees and providing the animals with regular water breaks
you have to remember most people keep their homes at seventy degrees than these stoops
presently seven california professional groomers association said oh
oh makes me sick makes me want to vomit the faster they dry them the more dogs can get in and out
yeah right that's right the faster you dry the faster they die i mean
five six seven oh five sixty what what's that i can't read that from here the last
draft you choose not the one oh yeah thank you got it right here great minds work alike in your
case well don't wait for exception twelve seventeen five sixty w k from today's new york times
paul krukman who's almost always right i got his thumb right on and rights not too long
in nineteen forty four millions of americans were engaged in desperate battles across the world
nonetheless a normal presidential election was held and the opposition didn't pull its punches
Thomas dewey the republican candidate campaign on the theme that franklin Roosevelt was a
tired old man as far as i've been able to ask you to and the Roosevelt administration didn't
accuse dewey of hurting morale by questioning the president's competence after all democracy
including the right to criticize was what we were fighting for it's not a slur on the courage of
our troops or a belittling of the risk they face to say that our current war is a mere skirmish
by comparison yet self-styled patriots are trying to impose constraints on political speech never
contemplating during w w two accusing anyone who criticizes the president of undermining the war
effort last week john kiri told an audience that what we need now is not just a regime change in
santa mousain in a wreck but we need a regime change in the united states republicans immediately
sought to portray his remark as little short of treason senator kiri crossed a grave line when he
dared to suggest the replacement of america's commander in chief at a time when america's
at war declared mark rascal chairman of the republican national committee notice mr rascal
wasn't criticizing mr kiri's choice of words instead he did not smister kiri because he dared
to suggest the replacement of america's commander in chief knowing full well that mr kiri was
simply talking about the next election mr rascal not mr kiri is the one who crossed a grave line
never in our nation's history has been considered unpatriotic to an opposing incumbent's
reelection anyway what defines patriotism talk is cheap so is putting a flag on your lapel citizens
prove their patriotism when they make sacrifices for the sake of their country mr kiri a decorated
veteran has met met that test most of his credence critics have not
i'm not just talking about military service though it's striking how few of our biggest talks have
served nor am i talking only about financial sacrifice though profiting from public office seems
to be the norm not the exception among those who wrapped themselves in the flag mr rascal himself
accepted a job as rnc chairman only on the condition that he remained on the payroll of brace
will in paterson a law firm that specializes in lobbying the biggest test of a politician's
patriotism is whether he's willing to sacrifice some of his political agenda for the sake of the
nation and that's the test our current leaders have failed with flying colors consider the case
of tom delay the house majority leader who also piled on mr kiri last week as it happens during
the war in kosovo mr delay was the defeatist and blamed his own country for provoking
serbian atrocities any democrat who said similar things that would be accused of giving aid and
comfort to the enemy mr. delays political agenda hasn't shifted a bit now that we're war again
he's still pushing for a huge divisive tax cuts that go mainly to the rich nothing is more
important in the face of war than cutting taxes he says and he's still eager to slash any at all
the most expending in the midst of war he pushed through a budget that included sharp cuts in yes
veterans benefits you can see why mr. kiri blasted back i'm not going to be questioned my patriotism
by the likes of tom delay some timid souls will suggest that critics of the bush administration
hold off until the war is over but that's not the american tradition in any way when will this war be
back dead will fall but during the occupation that follows american soldiers will still be in
harms way also a strong faction within the administration wants to want a serious and it ran
and beyond and al-Qaeda still out there for years to come then this country may be in some sense
at war and all of that time if mr. rascal and his party are allowed to set the ground rules nobody
will be allowed to criticize the president or call for his electoral defeat you know what if that
happens we will have lost the war whatever happens on the battlefield where it's Paul Krugman in
today's new york times it's on our website i scornfall as usual they don't want to win the
presidency they want a dictatorship that's exactly what they want people chuckled when i said
well you know what do you think about the two thousand four election i said well if we have one
if we have one what's going on in this country right now with the media virtually all of
whom in this country anyway are a bunch of panseys and then of course you got the fascist new i mean
fox news network somebody was telling me here before that they were foaming at the mouth like a
rabid dog last night when the news about sawdum in his sons when the rumors came down maybe they're
dead maybe they're not positive that they were dead on fox msnbc not quite so sure and see
him was kind of like waiting in the chicken and out not at fox
clear channel with these pro war rallies from coast to coast who won 1200 radio stations
they want more by the way want the fcc led by colon paul son chairman of the fcc to let them
have more stations newspapers tv stations so that all the news you get can be filtered through
the propaganda machine a cheap channel and their right wing friends that way the administration
only has to deal with one company when they want to like that's right shift the new that's
absolutely correct when they want to pull the strings well i got to they well they don't have to
on fox everybody got it's in the bag dead five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon wireless line so anybody wants to give me a bunch of crap in a song and an answer
well you shouldn't be saying to thank god somebody is what the hell are you worried about fighting
for if it's not for a freedom of speech and freedom of choice what the hell is it all about
what kind of democracy is it that you want to export to all of these other schmata head countries
what are you thinking about oh and the best part of it is of course when we hear the southern
baptists talking about oh there they're rubbing their hands together getting ready to go over
and air and criticizing those heathen bastards of course the only problem with that is they consider
us to be the infidel say i had to break the news to you or the infidel is not them their religion
is better than ours is oh i thought see other way well whatever see my religion ain't better
worse because i don't have any i don't believe in fairy tales i've met a few fairies in my time
but i don't believe in fairy tales so people let's say religious fanatics is the what they fear the
most is on top of our pool i'm rightfully so because that's what you got in this country and in the
Middle East including Israel i know that not only am i gonna alienate a lot of the pro-war
they hocks out there but also of course many of my Jewish friends out there all ten of our Jewish
listeners because you just can't be Jewish unless you support Israel blindly and just go step behind
them and eat lots of halava which is bad for you by the way or maybe at least some pacidiki candy
for paysocks huh i know you don't know while you better get with it paysocks what they'd say was
April 16 you only got eight days till paysock baby and you don't want to pass over that
but what's going on over there with the aerial sheroen and his right wing lunatics and the
illegal settlements and it's in the engine madness madness all the way around
and here we keep subsidizing them to the tune of it was three billion now we got sneak
him the extra ten billion in blackmail i wouldn't give them a dime i tell them until you get rid
of those illegal settlements completely a hundred percent and sit down your ass at the table
and let's get this thing stopped now once and for all until you do that we're not giving
the other penny we're going to cut your ass off that's it make them an offer they can't refuse
and the same for that schmottahead era fart i say give them a nice bath all he he did get the
a journalist free there the ones from news day he interceded on their behalf that's true showing
that once in a once every hundred years he's a nice guy you know i'm out of times up i guess yasser
you're my bad nice close shave five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line 25 past noon we got the mad dog from Augusta baby it's master's golf
we're in no women allowed great it's a boys club yeah that way they can fart and burp
right
come mad dog says and well i guess dix don't fart and burp
we could we could play girls don't fart or just a little tiny bit of it just a little bit
and then hey from the mommy he's the purple player we were out on our first day
and for ground one after eating ass of extra kids and bands eating ass or eating ass
while we were driving it is my car she let one go that all those blue us both away
i asked her did you cut that cheese that she turned around to look at these girls don't fart
girls don't fart okay that's the answer to our question i guess
26 past noon at five sixty wqm on a wild Tuesday man i just feel like i'm making a little
comeback here a little personal comeback if that ear i don't would open up come like that
eyes near thing you know what the hell are you doing to me and the same thing all i gotta say if
that and then you say ear would open up if your hair would grow back it would be my high
man it would be a miracle but guess what not gonna happen not gonna happen not gonna grow back
by itself all those stupid pills you take aren't gonna make even a follicle grow back and a lot
of them are very dangerous too those dead raccoons those dead animals forget about that people laugh
their ass off at you nobody wants to come into the hundred yards you when you look like that
those holes in the head that has the blood dripping down your forehead like mr ego forget
about that crap everybody in their brother is pertain to be able to get you a great new head
of hair there's only one guy who can Charles Alfieery for over 25 years he's always kept up with
latest technology going which is why everybody the millionaires the shluppers in in between they
all go to Charlie the smart folks the natural hairline system is the absolute best because it looks
for real like the hair is yours like it's going out of your scalp like it's real hair and out of
that animal for over 25 years Charlie's been doing it you got to lose beside that big ugly shiny
bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee if you don't love the way it looks
and feels and smells Charlie give you full refund in the hair too be sure mention the arrages when
you call him not 200 bucks off the regular price so what's not to like call this number toll-free
1 800 3 to 1 24 13 and look better and younger than you thought you ever could again look like a
serious human being 1 800 else is good as Tom Brady you know he's got a bald spot maybe I'd
like to fill it in for him 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or log onto their website at Charles Alfieery.com
teeth damn it I'd kick my own ass outside
you're too nervous right with that guy's head
there's no sun
failed reporters with pompoms or with a happy face
alright learn from armchair morons that's more with a happy face
the reporters are admitted for the news you get on TV
all the russian traveler marginalized by the beauty
yeah say how about that kisser for lynch huh that's war with a happy face
I told you it'd be a sin she yes sir
war with a happy face
I heard the mockress say will be installed after millions are killed
with shocking all like something you saw in a big hall bill
sources for the taking war with a happy face
for British celebrating war with a happy face
body parts flying all over the place that's for with a happy face
pro 31 at 560 wqm here's rich in boca says on his facts I know this is coming in late but I
want to test test my new facts machine well works right rich says get ready wolf
of wits and rummy been so successful in Iraq you can be sure that Syrian
North Korea are next wartime presidents are a shoo in november so why not just
stayed war just read a good book bush at war about the white house after 9.11
written by Bob Woodward who's got to be one of the worst speakers in history by
the way it shows definitely how definitively a part how far apart power in a
war cabinet are including condolese I can't wait for the sequel bush in the
Iraq war although I don't think that the woodward right is exposed too much
thanks rich rich in boca get out of there too many old people up there rich
including you know who that's right including boca Brian who's probably neighbors with
where does he live I wonder if you have any idea what part of bokeh he lives in cemetery village
probably with a lime green and checkered pants crowd no doubt 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a 18 t and t and Verizon wireless line no women allowed by the way between one
on three today we got any ball games today we got the oh yeah we got the marlin sundaq
having read the whole schedule damn it Hank do you want to show 3 to 6 30 from the heat
or the triple a arena the Mickey Ererson the Pinkham Picania uh back door deal arena
6 30 marlins on direct marlins and the mets 7 o'clock is that here or is that in New York
tight tight oh come on why why can't they like when they make this scheduled I don't want to see
verses I want to see like at the mets at the marlins the marlins at the mets give us some input
here damn it we got 17 middle level bureaucratic clowns running around here and we still kind of
get about whatever the marlins of the mets any came after the baseball game from GA without the
gambling stuff and Joe and Mark overnight who are really pissed off and fired up about whatever
you said before would you tell me he was far out pissed off about Castello I mean my good friend Joe
oh that he has the laziest producers in the oh he's got the laziest producers in the world
want to answer the phone haha who's that online 12 by the way QA and bat line hey it's no
I'm telling me how the man this is Neil Ron the air norm tell me how the marlins are home I
why is this Neil you moron this is my attorney this is my agent I've told him three times this
is me and he keeps repeating tell Neil of our yeah tell me something important okay but no
the game with me tonight absolutely not I wouldn't go next door to the Jamaican jerk restaurant
with you how do you like that I'm deeply disappointed every tall post in America is syndicated and look
what you got me oh pop had jenko look what I got so it's out of the question huh absolutely
positively the answer is no no at least you know I called an ass so the game is here though huh
okay have a good time I'm gonna have a great day I'll take it you okay maybe you can pitch
a little bit tonight okay from what I'm hearing every unusual for you to be a change okay have a good
time five six seven oh five six you that I mean is that fantastic I'm so glad that was on
here it's Neil how many times did I tell him it's me you jackass what is wrong with you my whole life
is in this man's hand so to speak and you wonder why I'm on in this bum fork station in later the
horse ball town that's why you asshole right you tell him oh let him have it you silly old goat
wqa m hello yes sir hi how are you okay I just want to give you my support I don't know what I
do if you weren't on the radio me either because I'm you know broke well which first up you're the
only broadcaster since I read on the web yesterday about the rubber bullets you're the only broadcaster
radio TV to do that new story yes I am well why would that be I just I really want to back you
up I know I can't go on forever but I got a lot of points for you go ahead simple definition of
fascism is a constant state of war and xenophobia here foreigners in order to hold power I would like
to give you a link instead of reading a big thing okay just a link forgive the wordiness
you got a car was got it you're going to put that on your website believe me it's a comprehensive
definition of fascism it's going to blow your mind how well it applies also give you a little more
material on the Israeli thing and fascism I'm very worried about the fact that I wanted to believe
the best that maybe you know we were doing this one mess to clean up but when I hear Ariel Sharon
exhorting us to attack Iran every day right like a little weasley punk that's trying to get his
well I know like a big point punk not a weasley little little guy that's like the little guy going my best
friend's going to get you right that's right and plus he's picking our pocket you know the tune of
10 bill or something a year right and every time I hear Israelis going on and on about we made the
desert bloom I wanted to myself well who couldn't with $10 billion a year right and if you're so bad
why don't you do what Rudy did and hand the freaking check back there you go you know growing
growth there and every time I hear this I ran and Syria is next then I know you're on the right
track I'm not going to waver in my convictions this is a dangerous time okay you add in last
point this stuff about you can't attack the president Trent lot said I can support the team
without supporting the coach on the day that Clinton was impeached right while he was firing
missiles at Osama bin Laden's camp now was he waving his pom poms when he said that or not can you
imagine the things that were said about Clinton that he murdered right right that's right panass
limbo was on her every day slandering and we're in bill and making a walk out the wild story
nobody said much about that they said they said the precedent right but now they're mad at us
hey man okay have a great day come down see the passport office okay you might mention my
name the rights of my sugary exactly I have a pretty good show here today if I say so myself
had a few good calls we had a couple of idiots but you know Brian sitting there and he's a shave real bad
you know now are you going to test your island tomorrow no oh he won't go unless George goes
well George kind of clears the way for him clears the path he clears the brush
so to speak so but we do have treasure island tomorrow not now be your boy Carlos is going to be
there in Miguel and who else maybe fat boy I'll show up you think doubt it oh so just you in
Miguel well that's good more and more to spread around for you guys I guess like I said more to
spread around for Miguel and you to watch I have to be a very good looking guy you have no taste
though that's that's the problem you happen to be a very good looking guy what what day was that
was that at birth well George started with the whole ugly thing because he's jealous you happen
to be a very good well George is not he's not ugly he just he is the definitive bland person I
mean if you want to see he is a generic human being he did he's not good not bad he's just a guy
you know I mean he is obviously a hard-ass little spec but I'm just talking about in terms of his
appearance just as generic as they come I mean if you're going to be you know at least different
like me like Vokabra I like you I mean like Beaterboy you know we may be ugly as hell but at least we're
different we're unique as opposed to George who looks just like he's like tapioca pudding yeah
he's like vanilla ice cream bland tasteless I'm just telling it like it is I mean just because he's
North Carolina vacation this week I mean I'd rip him an ass if he was sitting right there and don't
don't let me forget to do when he comes back I'll invite rip him a major major ass just in general
principle that's especially anyways ass for years of how skipping doing speaking of ass how's
my friend skipping doing my olio med for my blood pressure you know skipping you talk a good
game but you're a loser baby you're a loser like our sales department specializes in except for
Adam and Troy those are the two good people those are the two winners in our sales department the rest
of them I wouldn't drop a load on any of them you know oh god anyway speaking of olio med I've
been telling you about this great stuff for a long time now it works it's effective olio med
soft gels contain pharmaceutical rate olive oil the best you'll buy not just ordinary everyday
olive oil but super concentrated loaded with all kinds of health benefits for you all you made in
your post everyday can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus there are
14 different olio med formulas to choose from now each one combining the best olive oil you can
find with vitamins minerals herbals to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood
pressure to your immune system just choose the formulas that are right for you and now there are
three new olio med formulas wanted to help your sleep one happy controller your weight and coke you
tend which is damn important for your heart you'll find olio med all over town more and more
people are popping you hear the sounds there you go all over town because it's good for you pick
some up today at public records while greens whole food markets Navarro Sedanos or order it online
if you like olio med america dot com for more information about their outstanding products is
called toll free and they'll explain you how this works call one eight six six olio med that's one eight
six six five three sixty six thirty three start profits and olio med in your post today
My life Hello yellow This Is 4.0 5.064
Oh
I wanted it
Must start the market, we'll be soaring,
Lots of other orange warning.
It's time for Hall of Burton to get busy.
All right.
Out of patience, out of time,
Let's get those oil fields online.
If humans have to die, well, that's a pity.
We're much of eating, walking tall.
Like John Wayne, we stink balls.
Kill anyone who dares get in our way.
We'll give a crap who it is for women down to little kids.
We've got to pump that oil right away.
Because war is good for business.
I love group.
War is good for business.
And global crossing too.
War is good for business.
Parts and friends and green.
War is good for business.
Leaving MSNBC.
Who's that?
Point the camera over here.
Look at the woman.
Welcome.
Here's some people glad to see us.
We'll be right back.
Only the same machine.
Here catching on.
We don't want no broads in here messing with our he-man fun.
Because I can't think of anything much more macho than golf.
Oh my god.
Is that a butch pursuit or what?
Oh, to show you what a macho pursuit that is.
I should turn that rumor place a lot ago.
Does that say it all?
I think that tells you what you need to know.
WQIM.
Niel.
Yes, sir.
Well, I have to tell you about the war.
Tell me about the war, sir.
Well, this president, let us not forget that this is the guy.
This is the president that told us that this is the guy
that tried to kill my daddy.
This war is very personal to this president.
It was drawn up way before 9-11 ever happened.
And to be honest with you, the greatest thing
that ever happened to this president
was when 9-11 happened.
This country was in shambles in September the 10th of 2001.
I wait for this country in the future.
I don't know what to think.
OK, good luck to us, man.
It's all I can say.
Hey, can you play that you haven't played the Joseph Gackie
sound bite?
It was the best I've ever heard.
It was the oh my, oh my.
The Joseph Gackie sound bite?
You mean oh my, oh my.
That in fact, it's very appropriate to that dimension.
OK, thanks a lot, Pellie.
You're welcome.
So you what was that just looking for on here?
Oh, he's looking for the Godfather clip where he says,
what is that underwear says you're taking this very personal?
Now, you don't look for it.
Just tell me just articulate it.
Just speak, just speak, huh?
I already played it.
I know it's got to be in there.
It's a GF dash taken.
Oh, taking.
Good guy.
Like there it is right there.
You're taking this very first.
I love it.
Say it again.
You're taking this very first.
Exactly.
It's business and you're taking it personal.
W-Q-A-M?
It's so.
No, OK.
Thank you, but not you.
W-Q-A-M.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
OK.
Got a few things for you.
OK, go right ahead.
Can you tell me why the hell is for all those still in Iraq?
Because Fox don't want to bring him back here.
They don't want to pay zero for all.
How can he not fire by now?
Good question.
Because he's on Fox.
They got the pull.
They're pulling it.
Unbelievable.
Next thing.
Let me see.
You know one of your signs is by the TVN
Trinity Broadcasting Network.
Great.
Excellent.
I love it.
It's like right next to you.
Hallelujah.
That's the best news I've heard in a Koonzay.
It's great.
I mean, can you imagine?
That'll show that Paul and Jan Croscher thing or two.
I pass it all the time.
It's like Neil Godden.
And then you see TVN right over there.
All right.
Pretty funny.
Hey, one more thing.
Guess who I know.
Guess who you know.
How do you guess?
Is do I get?
I'll give you a hint.
Norma Kent.
Well, I've met him a few times.
Howard Moe.
Howard David.
Did no, no, no.
I'll give you a hint.
Moses and old friend of yours.
Yeah.
The guy can do you remember the guy that first introduced you
to Larry King?
The guy who introduced me to Larry King?
Yes.
I thought it was Bill Carter introduced me to Larry King.
You don't sound like Bill Carter.
No, no, no.
Okay.
Do you remember guy named Larry Box?
Yeah.
I know Larry Box.
You're good close personal friend.
I was standing all the way from him.
Why?
I don't know.
Just joking.
How's he doing?
Is he okay?
He's good.
He's a nice guy.
He's a very highly of you.
Well, he should.
Yeah.
He misses you dearly.
Tell him I'll go back and invite him in business again.
I know.
He was telling me that.
You guys used to be in the vitamin.
It was a hoot.
That's pretty cool.
He really knows how to do that.
We spent $1,000 to put an ad in the national inquiry.
We got one response, I think.
Oh, yeah.
Tell him I'll get Larry a bit kiss for me.
I sure will.
What are you doing, though?
Hey, listen.
Yeah.
You think you could play.
I'm a monkey or a monkey for me?
I'll work on it.
This is a monkey man.
Okay.
Off the speed.
See ya.
Yeah.
Larry Box.
He would always answer the phone.
Box.
He's got like a vocal box thing.
And he's got a, yeah.
Like a raspy voice.
No, he doesn't have a bow.
Not a, no.
Jesus.
Carlos.
God.
Are you brutal, man?
You are just.
Now, what the hell do you want?
Because I don't want to play the other book of Brian, but you want to.
Just a little taste of your monkey.
I was attacked by the monkey body.
For the passion viewers, he went and named my friend, Boomjab.
Oh, no, I don't feel safe in India.
Oh, I'd rather be in New York and drive a cab.
Thank you, my friend.
Jesus.
I'm playing it.
I pull this off the facts machine.
Are you playing?
I'm taking any more calls.
The monkey man is trying to get through.
I've got some good stuff for you.
He must have left that out.
He must have been cut short on time because he left out again.
He's all right.
Just calm down, acquit and muck it around so much, especially with box.
12.51 at 5.60 WQA.
I'll tell you if your box mattress or whatever other kind of mattress you got.
If it's worn out, when in doubt, it's worn out.
Get you a new one, the easy way.
Call my good, close personal pyjons at dial a mattress.
Or even going to supply me with a great new mattress and Toronto.
How's that going, eh?
That's what Fat Boy said.
Remember when he came in here the other morning?
Right after he said, Hi, Fowie.
He said it'll be there soon.
Call 1-800-MAC-RUS right now and you'll have a great night sleep guaranteed for months
and years to come.
When your old mattress is worn out, your back will tell you.
Forget about it.
Get rid of it.
For a long time now, every time my mattress is handed, I call them up and they give me the
greatest deal going under the sun.
They'll lose same for you as far as delivery.
As far as selection, they carry on into best mattresses and the world, silly, serdicemins,
king coral.
And of course, as far as price, everyday, unbeatable, low prices.
Balamacres is a ranked number one customer satisfaction.
They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody caused.
They know how to treat you right.
Once you buy a mattress this way, right over the phone with one easy call, you'll never
go back to running around all over town, paying for somebody's high rent again.
And don't forget when you do buy your mattress and dollar mattress, they set up the brand new
and take away your crappy old soiled smelly nasty bedding for free.
That's right.
Dialometrics sets up the new and takes away the old bedding for free.
So make the call now and do yourself and your back a big favor and share yourself a great
night's sleep for years to come.
1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for dialometrics, the easy to smart way to get you a great new
bed.
My life and look old.
This is 4-3-0-5-60.
You ain't a few way, yeah.
Nah, this is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening
to the Hockey Authority Neil Guy.
Hey, we'll name this guy we're going over here.
For what's literally whizzing over our head, if it's nightboards out through there, we've
got several inbound mortars.
Why does he need more?
Major flight for the city of Alcoup.
The road is over here.
Smoke in the background.
Outbound out rocket fire.
They open fire with everything they have.
Automating machine gun fire.
Rocket for cold grenades.
Most of the fire came from these buildings on the road.
The Americans answered with everything they had.
Outgunning them.
Leaving hundreds dead.
The most televised conflict in history.
But not about those dangerous missions for firing cutters sequences.
They're ready to attack.
Ready to engage us.
John's going for Mark 19 fire.
He's getting ready.
What's the choice?
The showing outbound inbound.
The little eastern world.
We'll be exploded to dumb that people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The notes they're talking about.
Right wing is drilling it over and over into our head.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
We'll be back in a few days.
3000 people killed.
I now forgot let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught.
It's going after sent down to flankato.
Summer, there's no longer mention of the name.
It's not a big lot.
But no one seemed concerned all.
Come be in complacence.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration.
That controls us by fear through lead a manipulation.
And the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The last civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ash prop is zeyan.
I have nothing to hide.
Table hunters all are zeyan.
Lino-beetian cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old regime must fall in haliverging and stealth.
With no objection at all.
Till the crad don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our parade watch pants.
What's next?
