Happy birthday party here today, Neil! Lots of birthday parties for everybody at party hell at Society Party Party!
We cookies!
Harnished with the sewer of this place.
Hey! Turn up popper!
Poppins on the climb!
Hot good liars!
But I still do it time!
Ooh!
Oh!
Alright!
Oh!
Happy back on time!
Man it's a drag!
Oi!
Poppins out the rear!
10.0.2.5.60 W2QM.
This is a bulletin from just five minutes ago,
within the last five minutes, the Court of Appeal here in Canada has just legalized same sex marriage.
How do you like that George W?
Do you hear those screaming queens that we had on there?
Yeah.
Oh!
So we may have a little star stop breaking that guy in North Carolina may have come up here.
That'll teach him to come here.
Go back to North Carolina where you belong.
You Yahoo!
Any Yahoo's that come here, we're gonna look and affect them with all kinds of diseases.
So what's the story with Bonerboy now?
What's the story with him?
Oh you're there?
He's there?
What do you mean?
Oh man, who the hell are you kidding?
He's down there, he's puffin' on a faggot down there.
You're the smoke on the way here.
No, I'm not allowed to smoke in Daddy's car.
Oh!
Oh!
Are you what up pussy?
Not allowed to smoke in Daddy's car today.
He gets his new car the other day with no AC in it.
He goes to get the AC put in and they're gonna rent him a car for the day while fixing up the AC.
Come to find out they look at his driver's license and he hasn't had a renew.
Oh!
What a puss!
You are life challenged man.
Just how, and as a matter of fact I wanted you to feel even worse but you know yesterday what came in the mail in my place?
What?
My paycheck, they early.
Thanks.
Alright!
I don't want you to feel bad since you're not getting paid this paper because you're just life challenged.
Just a little basic things that you know are required to survive.
You just can't handle them.
I just lend to 100 bucks and he's making me hang here.
You know something that's pretty lame.
Guy like George to be loaning people money up a...
Shmuck like George, it's got those two kids in a wife to take care of and the dog that he can't keep at home.
He, even the dog is trying to run away from home things are so tough and a Rodriguez has sort.
Right.
And he's loaning you cash, pay more for the dog.
A 50 year old punk that I got to pay his car payment to George Rodriguez.
By the way, when you're 30 years old clearance and I assure you like a collegiate the sophomore's birthday party,
at least you can do is get laid, okay?
Jesus Christ the kid is 30 years old.
I said the kid.
The guy is 30 years old, our program director.
Not only has he never got laid, never even sniffed it.
Well, it ain't for lack of trying.
Yeah.
Well, Polar Boy is not there what we're talking about.
I guess you guys weren't invited, huh?
No, see it was one of his college buddies that arranged the surprise party in the middle of it.
Ah, one of his college buddies.
See, what did I say to you before the show?
I said, sofamore collegiate.
It's like a college fraternity mentality, these guys.
He had dust number apparently.
Guys who never grew up.
Well, that was probably a hang it around there trying to get lucky.
Hoping.
At the frat.
In fact, for all we know maybe clearance did a little action last night.
We don't know.
So what the hell was, uh, for real talking about Ronald McDonnell was in the building with a big package or something like that?
Uh, oh, does he know anybody that doesn't have a big package?
No, he's his Christ.
He hasn't met me yet.
That'll turn him around fast.
So to speak.
Court of Appeals just legalizing gay marriages in Canada.
Oh, right.
Oh, my God.
All your homophobes out there.
They're just the foaming at them out.
Well, we know you're a bunch of perverts up there.
Yeah.
So anyway, here's a fact from yesterday.
The Richard Draftfast movie was titled Linit Ride.
It was hilarious.
Get it and laugh your ass off.
I hate Richard Draftfast, but this was great to the fact that we finally find the name of that movie.
And I got books up the ass here.
I have books up the ass.
Correct them.
Including the Hillary book, which I wasn't going to buy, but it was there.
It was in a bookstore.
I didn't go there to buy it.
I went there to get me a new movie book, which I did.
A big, big, gigantic, heavy one.
It was about 400 pounds.
But the Hillary book was all over the place.
And there were nobody lined up to buy it here, as you can well imagine.
This is Canada.
Nobody's all I whipped up to a frenzy with a hype about Hillary.
So we got two polls today about Hillary.
Here's the first one.
Pull number one.
Should be up there right now.
I guess we better do the one from yesterday.
Do you see the results on this subpold, bonerboy?
No.
Of course not, because you too busy us downstairs, puff it on faggots.
1568 votes for an overnight poll.
I think the ammo zone is what really got the responses smokiness to the inner website.
We asked yesterday, who do you trust the most?
1568 votes.
Myself 481.
My spouse 337.
I trust nobody, 321.
My parents, 191.
Theoragers 101.
What a mess or schmucks.
My best friends, 58.
George W. Bush 51.
Mohawar David 28.
That's the gag vote.
And my priest rabbi or minister.
Not too much trust in their priest rabbi's ministers.
Collectively the only head votes.
Not too much confidence in the clergy.
Okay, here's poll number one for this hour only.
Got it?
If the next presidential election was being held today, who would you vote for?
George W. Bush or Hillary Clinton?
Pretty simple, huh?
Hmm.
I don't know if I understand that.
Let me draw you a diaphragm.
Then we get this yesterday at the end of the show.
Let's see.
You're watching the CBC News Dispects.
There's other going to pass along the limits of how much it can contribute to a party or candidate in Canada.
Yet again, Canada is on the ball and we talk about it in wishful thinking.
The more I watch the CBC, the more I realize when you really want to do something, you will, you will, unlike here.
Yeah, like legalizing game marriages, which just happened in the last ten minutes in Canada.
Anyway, here's another idiotic facts from yesterday.
This is from some schmuck at healthy life and therapy is a chronic factor.
Right.
It appears I need to once again educate you morons.
Everybody's a moron, but this asshole at healthy life and therapy.
Pretty interesting is a matter of fact, sounds to me like this guy needs some therapy.
He says in your list of favorite movies, you list Godfather 1 and 2.
The educated fact is that the first movie is The Godfather without the one.
You should know the correct name of your favorite film, morons.
Well, I do not know the correct name of my favorite film, it's Magnolia.
But anyway, see that's just where reference purpose is only so people know the difference when they cast their vote.
That's all.
We're not interested in being like, you know, 100% accurate and a nitpicking like some asshole that works for unhealthy minds and therapy or whatever that is.
Welcome to my channel.
So now comes the obvious question since the owner voice having all these problems that he watched the movie last night, they do his homework assignment.
That also looks to be for Wednesday according to George.
What?
George gave me a deadline of Wednesday.
He was supposed to watch Magnolia last night.
He said he had to take it back today or send it back first.
No, no, no, no.
Don't have to have it back to Wednesday.
I see. So in other words tonight is the big night.
Yep.
No, brother.
Unless we have it on my car.
Huh?
That's something I was going to have to do with your freaking car.
I don't know what the end of the now.
Excuse me, man.
I don't know.
It's a good thing George don't depend on you for drugs.
Good.
I'm not sure if he'd be going through with drugs.
We'd have to play that the Requiem music all day long.
Well, let me just give you a little hint from Magnolia, little taste.
I saw Donnie Darko yesterday.
The ending blows.
Thanks for the morning.
Pretty good.
But not worth watching because the last five minutes.
Yeah.
The last five minutes.
Blow.
It's time.
Donnie Darko.
What you saw.
In fact, my suggestion just say no to Donnie Darko.
When you first began.
The music from this movie is so great.
Even though you don't like the movie George.
You don't like the ending.
Or why not?
Well, if you didn't like the ending of that movie, wait for this, you Donnie Darko.
You can't hide.
But they stand at the door.
But I know it's not.
I'm going to stop.
No.
It's not.
I'm going to stop.
It's not.
Music is a little on a morbid side, wouldn't you say?
Yeah.
It's a good one.
Well, it's kind of like a little on a morbid side of the movie.
And when she says, you know, just give up.
I could have played the whole thing.
When she says, just give up.
That's the message of the movie that George didn't get.
Oh, okay.
Not going to stop.
The pain is going to keep coming.
The crap is going to continue happening.
All kinds of bad crap.
And just give up.
I mean, that's a morbid message.
That's the message.
I got it.
They ran out of film.
No, they ran out of film.
Oh, please.
Give me a break.
I'm going to stop.
I'm going to stop.
Okay, just cast my vote on the poll to pull us up.
And let me say this to you, okay, as far as Hillary is concerned.
Because our main poll, which starts next hour, here's that question.
Which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton?
And it's like a word or a phrase.
I've got the four.
I didn't write one under yet.
Ise Princess, opportunist, carpet bagger or lightweight.
And the first four votes are Fitty Fitty.
I mean, just like in a matter of seconds, there we have four votes on there.
Fitty Fitty between Hillary and George W.
If the election were today.
Because she's lying through her teeth.
You know, that's what she wants to run.
Maybe not this time, but certainly in 2008.
She's lying through her teeth.
They all say that.
See, and I'm trying to come up.
And I'm sure the audience will.
We probably have some Hillary liquors out there.
But I know the thought is to test.
But I mean, I would vote for her against Bush.
I'd vote for anybody against Bush.
I'd vote for a boofo tot against W.
Just to protect us.
Keep us going.
Right.
But that having been said, I don't see what the big cynicism is with her.
Can you explain to me?
I think it's a woman thing.
It's a she was married to Bill.
Thank you.
That's it.
I think there's a segment of the population out there that thinks that we can stick her back in her.
That would be the closest we can get to having bubble back.
That's it.
By association.
Don't we want our bubble back?
Come on.
Let's Sarah out.
We want her back.
Shepdy back.
Shepdy back.
Shepdy back.
Shepdy back.
Shepdy back.
How about Tappy Timmins for a Timmins for president?
That sounds good.
That's a good old Tappy.
That's his name.
Tappy Timmins.
Isn't it?
I thought it was Tappy.
No, it's not.
I think it was...
I don't know.
Somebody called.
I think I could look in the thing here and find it probably has it.
Uh...
Now?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Huh.
Jeff, don't go see that movie.
After you're too much of a basket case, you've got to shrink it.
This is not a movie for emotional cripples to be going to see.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We're talking about movies again.
Ooh.
Don't do that.
So, Donny Darko really was very disappointing the last part of it.
Just...
See, a lot of these movies with this rewind stuff.
And thanks very much to the Easter Egg people out there for telling me about Memento,
which I did figure out how to watch it from an chronological order.
I haven't done it yet, but I have...
I have done the mechanism to make it work.
Right.
I see how you do it.
It's not that hard.
It's pretty easy.
You following all of this?
Yeah, I'm right in the down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
On the AT&T for Rise and Wireless Line.
I've mentioned there's some people out there.
Want to add some descriptions for Hillary?
I do.
Well, we'll get to them.
10-13 at QAM, you know, Father's Day is this Sunday.
If you want to do something fun and memorable, send an authentic Vermont teddy bear.
Choose from over 100 great bears for Dad Taylor to his job or hobby like the Handy Bear.
The Fisherman Bear or the Business Bear with Dad's name on the briefcase.
Even if you think your dad isn't the teddy bear kind of guy, a Vermont teddy bear will bring out a reaction you'd never expect.
He'll love it.
And it's so simple.
All you have to do is make one easy call to their friendly bear counselors and 1-800-829 Bear.
They'll help you choose the perfect bear for any occasion, including graduation.
You can send your grad to Groovy Grand Bear or the Classic Graduation Bear wearing a grad cap and gown and holding it a ploma.
You can even add their name to the gown.
Vermont teddy bears are handmade in the mountains of Vermont by people who love teddy bears.
They'll even help you write the perfect message on your card, add some gourmet caramel and make sure it gets delivered right to their door on time anywhere in the country.
Sending a bears a creative alternative to flowers for a birthday, new baby, get well or any occasion.
And don't forget every Vermont teddy bear is guaranteed for life.
It's a meaningful gift that lasts forever.
So call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com.
Show you a care and send a bear for any special occasion.
That's 1-800-829-BEAR.
Be sure to add that old needle to call.
I am low.
This is 20 or 5-6-2.
You weigh yeah.
M-O-R-O-N.
I said I want to be having something.
Don't want to be left with nothing.
I said I want to be having something.
Don't want to be left with nothing.
It's hard to get over.
But I'm going under.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm a lawyer.
I'm a fan of things.
There's a robot.
I find out everything that I found.
I'm a lawyer.
I think I'm not gonna break down.
Someone's leaving.
Try it.
Stop my stupid cry.
No one ain't just I am saying that.
But she is really something.
She doesn't want to be having something.
Don't want to be left with nothing.
She doesn't want to be having something.
She doesn't want to be left with nothing.
It's hard to get over.
But I'm going under.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm a lawyer.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
I'm stuck in the middle.
This button is behind you when it comes down there.
This is behind you when it comes down.
it's on the YouTube channel when it comes out.
It was behind because it was behind you when it comes out.
It was behind because it was behind you.
Wow.
So, this is how when it comes out.
Quantition's part.
We have typing pass for號s.
You know theSarah playing their turn.
And a nice cover and maybe a nice cover and maybe a nice side.
So, that can be precisely to refuel-
because if you keep applauding,
that on your YouTube channel is going to bring a good
But he also did Boogie Night so no one can make sure he stopped it.
Great movie, right?
Okay, Am Hard 8, which was his first film.
One more is so long.
Oh, yeah.
80 Man.
Nice, nice.
I actually talk up by the way you hit the post beautifully.
Hey man, I'm all, I have a soundtrack.
I love Amy Man, they're good friends.
And you know.
Now let me ask you this, because George is so out of it on this movie.
He's in La La Land.
There's people about to hit.
Okay, go ahead, sorry.
Listen, because I don't want to be the only one.
Okay.
But the one part of the movie that really grabs me the most is the scene where they're all singing wise up.
I mean to me that's one of the most brilliantly shot scenes.
Even Jason Robars, who's on his deathbed, his lips are moving and Tom Cruise is in the car.
And every character in the movie of any consequence is singing this song at the same time.
You know what I'm talking about?
And then I get to the end of the movie.
And the little kid says he's smiling, give up.
And that's the movie, that's what it's all about.
Oh my gosh, it's absolutely magnificent.
And the last movie he did was punch drunk love.
Okay, I hate Adam Sandler.
Yeah, I do too.
Okay, now Adam Sandler was the lead male in his last movie.
So I went to go see it in the movie theaters.
We're going away.
We're going away.
Like I have respect for the boy now.
What did you call it?
It's called punch drunk love.
But the weird thing is it was out in theaters ages ago and movies that were out after that are out on DVD.
It's in limbo somewhere.
You know they're making a suit up criterion collection.
Who knows?
But you definitely have to check out punch drunk love because it didn't get any respect in America.
In Europe, oh, it was like praise.
You know they're like, you know, he got a bunch of awards, best director at comms and...
I thought Thomas Anderson is a genius, make no mistake about it.
Oh my god, absolutely.
Two other movies I think you...
I don't know if they're up your alley or not.
Director of Gleff Anderson, movie at Rushmore and his other movie is The Royal Pond and Bombs.
What was the last one?
The Royal Pond and Bombs.
Oh, The Royal Pond and Bombs.
Yes.
Something about your Jews.
With this ticket, the cast for The Royal Pond and Bombs is phenomenal.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, okay, you have a good one.
You too.
Let me hear it by you.
When your first begins.
So, Beatiful is going to watch Magnoded at night.
I guarantee if he doesn't agree with me, it's one of the great movies of all time.
He'll probably never get paid again.
1027 at 560 WDQM Tom Lehman and General Sales Manager Joe Prieto and Halopondi at GMC
are obsessed with this show.
The people who listen to it, the people who hate it, everybody connected with it.
And of course, those of us who work on it, they love us like crazy.
And Halopond right now, check out the area's biggest selection of 2000s read GMC on voice,
on voice excels, Yukon, Yukon excels and Denali's, and nobody in town,
nobody in the universe has got a bigger selection of these great vehicles than Halop.
And they also always have a stupendous dependable selection of pre-owned cars,
tracks, SUVs, and by the way, Vena Boy, just about all of them have air conditioning too.
And if they're really crappy credit, if you don't get paid on payday like some people we know,
don't worry about it because they'll find a way to get you the impact.
That's where you should have got you a car.
Schmuck?
Oops.
Yeah, oops.
So for the best selection on GMC SUVs, NEO deals, and lots more, see Halopondiac GMC,
134-01 South Dixie Highway.
That's a, on US-1 across in the falls where they've been doing it great for over 35 years,
open seven days a week.
If you want more information on any of their deals, just call the NEO deal hotline toll free,
1-885-344-211.
Be sure to mention my name, you'll see even more.
1-885-344-4211, Halopondiac GMC, be professional grade.
My, my, and local, here's sports radio 560-CUA-M.
One-kid garage.
If you like monster garage and junkyard wars, you'll go ape for the new show on Animal Planet,
Mokigarage.
Let's show that put dangerous power to lose in the hands of angry privateists.
This week, Polo and his team are master monkey mechanics,
have only five days of emergency on Metro into a ground-pounding, Wheeling-pounding space shuttle.
What's up, PC's fly on Mokigarage.
Resonatonite, 8-Central, zoom.
37 cases of monkey box.
Oh!
You just mentioned that in passing, okay, there's all kinds of crap out there waiting to get you.
37 cases of monkey box in the US.
Got any of there yet?
No, but you will, early in the day yet.
Okay, so anyway, here's the story.
Actually, I have it in my hand right now.
Canadians witnessed the landmark decision from the Ontario Court of Appeal today.
The Court is ruled that the right to wedge should be extended to same-sex couples in a ruling that basically says,
Canadian law on traditional marriage is unconstitutional.
The existing common law definition of marriage violates the couple's equality rights
on the basis of sexual orientation under the charter reads the ruling.
On top of all that, the Court said the current definition isn't valid,
and the law has to be changed.
The City of Toronto clerk has been ordered to wish a marriage licences to the same-sex couples involved in the case.
How do you like that?
All right.
Please get married in Canada.
Pot-laws being loosened up, a little decolonization action going on.
As we continue moving into the...
Something, 15th century at least.
While America continues taking gigantic steps back.
What am I going to do with this Hillary book, huh?
You turd.
You get out of here.
What am I going to do with it?
Door-stop.
Yeah, that would be good door-stop.
It's pretty heavy duty.
How much did I pay for this piece of crap?
Oh, I don't even want to know.
I'm a scared- I'm a scared-
Oh, tell them how much I paid.
Huh?
Uh, where the hell is the price?
They probably tried to hide it.
I wouldn't blame them.
Oh, no.
44 bucks, Canadian.
28 bucks, U.S.
Oh, my God.
34 bucks for this piece of crap.
Oh, God.
You could keep it in the bathroom and then if you-
And I don't like it.
I don't like it.
I think she's as phony as it is long.
Yeah.
I don't think she's got any qualifications to be a senator much less to be president.
And, you know, she's riding on Bubba's coattails and all this bull crap about-
Oh, she was just devastated when she found out about Monica.
Is there anybody who believes that except the centering women?
You'll notice that the people who were lined up for the book, uh, night before last, and all women.
Yeah, oh yeah.
What is wrong with the women of America between the Oprah-
Oprah business and the, uh, Hillary business?
How much time you've given me?
And, and you see that on the, uh, when they have a website
to support Martha Stewart, she got six million hits yesterday.
Yeah.
Six million hits for a woman just sucking Martha Stewart's ass.
Oh, yeah.
What is the story here?
How much time you've given me?
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, yeah.
A lot of time because we're sure not getting a lot of calls.
It's gonna be just like yesterday all over again.
I have no idea why.
We're trying to fill out our, uh, main pool that we're gonna be taking this thing in the next hour.
Which of these do you think best described Centauri Clinton award a phrase?
Your take?
So far we got the ice princess opportunist, Carpet Bagger, and then I added lightweight.
Because to me that says she's a lightweight.
She's, uh, what is she, what is she done?
Was she, uh, was she one of those people who spoke out against the war?
No.
As a matter of fact, I can remember seeing her with Chris Matthews on softballs one night on, uh, see on whichever one it is.
And she was like having a debate with somebody and basically saying the same thing that, uh, the person on the other side was saying.
Just like almost all the Democrats were doing covering her ass, covering her big disgusting pimpley ass.
But we love Hillary and look at that 170 votes.
If the election were right now, 119 for Hillary and 50 for George W. 70% for her only because she's not him.
She's a buffer.
And you know what?
The family needs lots of buffers.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, my name.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, sir.
How are you this morning?
Great.
Are you looking for nicknames for Hillary?
No, not nicknames.
Words are expected.
It could be a nickname.
That would be okay.
Well, I got a few of them, but I think the one that describes her best would be headless Hillary.
Think about it.
Think about it?
Yeah.
I got it.
But what does that mean?
She doesn't give head.
Oh, a headless Hillary.
Ah, so lame.
So, uh.
No.
5.670560, pound 5.60.
I think these must be some of the people that were at Clarence's surprise birthday party last night.
Don't you?
Although I shouldn't knock it because that lady was very good talking about Magnolia.
She was great.
Oh.
Oh, right.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is that me?
That's you.
Neil, you were talking about Magnolia for the last couple of days.
Yeah.
Another question you might have answered and I didn't catch it.
Why was it raining frogs at the end?
What does that mean?
Because crap happens.
That's what that meant.
That's what does happen.
Thanks.
I mean, did you watch the whole movie?
Yeah, I did.
I enjoyed the movie.
I thought it was very well thought.
And did you see it in the beginning where they had the narrator describing some bizarre things.
There were like three different things.
They showed the kid that the jump to commit suicide and his mother shot and I certainly fired the shot out the window.
And killed him.
I saw it too long ago.
I just don't remember it that well.
Well, that was the point that bizarre things happen all the time every day.
And that's in the same with the raining frogs and toads.
That happens.
Thanks.
Okay.
You bet.
There you go.
567.
Okay, this is mixed.
0560.
0560.
And I'll tell you one thing about the soundtrack from Agnolia.
Is it kind of like a bonus because both of the songs were in the movie?
Yeah.
We're back.
Ready for round two.
Here's our favorite diggint show host.
Whoever loves Supertrance.
Good morning.
Yes, baby.
You get that.
And also.
We're working on Charlie.
So I said that my Magnolia soundtrack probably was a better investment than the Hillary book.
Living history by Hillary Roder put.
I mean, I got it sitting here and it's like, you know, it's just heavy.
But I will say this because the main reason I went to the bookstore was to get another movie book to get rid of that damn.
But what's that other thing called?
The hound movie hound.
Whatever that thing.
No, but the one that I had before that British one.
I hate that.
Oh, yeah.
So this is called Video Hound's Golden Movie Retriever.
The complete guide to movies on video consent and DVD.
It's huge.
You know, like the extra big pages.
In fact, how many pages does this thing have?
It's got a zillion pages.
I don't even know if they number them.
Yeah, like 1500 and so on pages.
And we're talking big, the big huge pages.
And I know it is that have just about every movie that's ever been made.
That's been released on VHS and DVD.
But also if you want to go in the back.
If you don't know the name of the movie.
Like, let's say James Vanderbake.
Every movie he's ever been in.
Jay and Silent Bob Strike.
Back Texas Rangers Harvest Varsity Blues.
I love you.
I love you.
Not Angus.
And of course it doesn't have yet.
And there are rules of attraction.
Because that was too new.
You see that yet?
No.
What?
I'm just going to read the cable.
You guys talk a big game.
You talk a good game.
But in the meantime, what's the story?
Wait a minute.
It's the way I had to some people.
What?
With numbers of movies seen on, especially on the list that we've got done on the list.
I just fast you this morning.
You know, I was like, you know, I'm just going to be putting on a whole additional bunch of movies.
I'm going to be put on the list.
And I'll be passing you guys like you're standing still.
You know, they'll be on the road.
That was something you guys cooked up behind my back.
And then you're saying, oh, well, how come you were so behind?
You got such a short, that was their hard look.
Nobody told me to send you a whole bunch more additional.
George is fault.
God damn it.
I've seen a few movies in my time.
And some of them I remember the names of.
Not too many.
Well, look at that poem.
What is the story this week?
Is this the week I'm going to have to play games out?
I'm in such a great mood.
Things are going so good.
Life is sweet.
And this audience is dead as a freaking door nail.
What is the story with them?
Good morning.
How you feel?
As you cruise in and on their means, straights come out.
You know, something I have no idea what he's talking about.
And I think that makes two of us.
Do you think he has any clue what that is?
He just blurtz.
You know, he's great.
He just blurtz stuff out.
I kind of guy.
195 votes already.
If the election were right now, 69.7% would vote for Hillary.
136.
George W. Bush 58.
Can you imagine if we put Bubba on air against Bush?
Oh, please.
I think maybe we'll do that for a little while.
How many do you think?
Although he can't run again.
So it's a move point.
That would be like a bad tease.
Just a jerk off.
Exactly.
Oh, that was in the rules of attraction.
A lot of it.
1041 at 560 W.D.Q.M.
By now, you've been hearing a lot about Laminets R.R.S.
and how Laminet would flooring from Laminets R.R.S.
Is the easy low maintenance alternative to an answer would flooring.
And that is absolutely correct.
Laminets R.R.S. is the best place to find Laminet
would laminated wood flooring from Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art,
Uniflor and Quick Step.
They got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers.
Here's another big time reason why you ought to be calling Laminets R.R.R.S.
Their prices will absolutely floor you.
Right now, you can get through some of special for just $1995.
That's right.
Just $1995 from 230 square feet of beautiful Laminet wood flooring.
It is absolutely unbelievable.
Laminets R.R.S. will match any legitimate written offered too.
If you want a free and home estimate with no obligation,
call Laminets R.R.S. Tool Free at 1-877-7773336.
What could be easier?
Free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at 25-year warranty,
and years and years of beautiful easy care Laminet wood flooring.
Call Laminets R.R.S. today tool free 1-877-7773336.
My life and look all this is for trade-off I seek you.
Way to way.
Oh, I like it.
I will like it.
Nice to meet you.
Give me a hug.
Hi.
She's suffered from occasional stress.
Now there's relief with relaxer in just one relaxer in a day,
and your world is at ease.
Relaxer in gentle, natural.
Use only as direct you.
Warning, daily use of relaxer and may cause bleeding also.
Solution, saucedoproosis and leprosy cataracts blindness gastrointestinal bleeding,
explosive vomiting, severe diarrhea and headaches.
Loss of hair, burning skin, hepatitis, blood bleeding, and ears leading to deafness.
Bones disintegration, pussyballs, and warts face desfiguration.
Blindness insomnia, sudden loss of limbs, psychosis, paranoia, voices and hair sensation
above scrolling on skin, loss of appetite, loss of breath, choking, and possible death.
So, for occasional daily stress to get you feeling back to yourself again,
you can feel confidence with relaxer in 1046 at 560 W2QA
and all the pills all the time.
Let's pop some money and say, huh?
Sounds good to me.
Okay.
Here's the fact that says,
screw that picture once the war reality picture is taken down.
They should remain there along with any more that can be posted
until long after the presidential election.
With the miniscule attention span of the American public
taking the pictures down and making the impact of the whole disaster,
disappear in their minds.
It would be difficult enough to maintain the image of this travesty for two years.
Maybe the gruesome picture site needs a countdown clock for the elections
to be superimposed on that section.
Save the pics, it says.
All right.
Anonymous to the U.S.O. is not to be liberal chronic.
It says it to bottom.
I guess this audience don't give a flying crap about Hillary and all of it.
No, they don't.
I mean, we will vote for her for president, but other than that, we don't want to know about her.
That goes to show you how disenchanted we are to say the very least right now.
Pist off and fired up.
Most of us are.
Jesus Christ.
She's got like 71% of the votes.
223 votes.
She's got 159 and W has only got 63.
Well, that's your crowd, Neil.
Good.
Excellent.
We're delighted.
We're pleased as punch.
We make no apologies, okay, because we've had many, many lightweights for president.
For example, you don't have to look too far.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
We got to get some positive adjective on air for her.
Oh.
It was on a positive one.
Which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton?
Well, I don't want you to do it.
I want it from the audience.
Ice Princess, opportunist, carpet bagger, lightweight.
Those are the first four that I came up with.
Because I had nothing positive to say about her.
Well, I don't know.
How about she's not, she's not George W.
Okay.
Huh?
I have one that's not exactly negative.
Okay.
Squishy.
Squishy?
Didn't you see those swimsuit pictures?
Okay.
Squishy.
Ooh.
Man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
They couldn't give a crap less about Hillary or her book.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Miami, yes.
Yeah, they're going, I've been hearing you guys talking about movies for the last couple of weeks.
And I've heard some awesome movies mentioned.
Yeah, I think the best movie probably since American Beauty is the pianist.
I don't even really guys mention that at all.
Have I ever seen it?
No, I heard about it.
It's absolutely amazing.
It's one of the other things that's constantly, concentration camp movies.
Yeah, the Warsaw camp.
It's a story of a Polish pianist named Spielsen.
And the story is beautiful.
The shots are amazing.
It's very well written.
It's one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.
Really?
Yeah, you guys definitely, Roman Plansky is awesome.
I love living here.
He's got a great, great, great, he's actually, he lives through a concentration camp.
And so he had a pretty much like a first person view of the right-winged movie.
I think he's been awesome.
And scored the score of the movie.
You were talking about the score of Magnolia.
How do you like that?
The score for the pianist is brilliant.
It's all a lot of, I'm not sure how to pronounce the composer's name, but I think it's Chopin.
Chopin?
It's yeah, it's classical piano.
It's choppy.
It's beautiful.
OK, thanks.
It's time I wish, thanks.
I'll never watch it.
I mean, hey, if you're not going to watch Shenzh was list, which is excellent, five stars, I'm trying to explain to you.
I'm just not into those kinds of movies, OK?
Well, whatever.
If I want to see, I've seen airvie, maybe not airvie, but I've seen most of the WDW2 documentaries all the right-winged, the concentration camp.
The same thing, it's just, that's the backdrop.
It's about this guy.
Shenzh.
Yeah.
And what he does.
What does he does?
Save a bunch of Jews.
Oh, well.
Did he save Sarah?
No.
Oh, she's there.
Didn't save Sarah.
Couldn't save her from herself.
How about Harry?
Did he save Harry Goldfarb?
No.
See, I can only concentrate on so many Jews all at once.
Follow what I'm saying.
Maybe if you went to concentration camp.
No, the president was just there.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, they've got a line for that, but we don't need the Secret Service calling the radio station.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound, five, six, the only 18, the horizon, wireless line.
The, what do you say about a Polish penis?
Is that what he said?
Exactly.
Hey, Kielbasa.
Here's a woman, a woman, a hate when I do that.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
About three years ago when my local talk safe was force treating us to Tom Likershow.
Yeah.
That was about the time the Magnolia was coming out.
And he claimed that he had been contacted by them in the Tom Cruise character in that movie was based on him.
And that pretty much filled it.
Well, give me a break.
He claimed that he talked to them and they based on him.
And I was like, well, that's all I need to hear.
He thought because he was a sexist, a woman hating that that was the nature of the character.
Hey, I guess it's possible.
Because I don't know any other, I don't know any other talk show host is made as entire livelihood based on a hate and women like Likers has done.
I mean, how does that guy keep an audience?
I mean, he must have some pathetic losers listening to him that just wanted blame somebody for their own pathetic lives.
There you go.
Anyway, I'm done.
Thanks, Fal.
I felt time to get a new motorcycle jacket away.
Are you waiting for this to start?
I got time.
No, it's instrumental. It's not going to start.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT.
See, I'm telling you, I'm so excited.
And the audience is like, I don't care.
I don't care what they say.
Because let me ask you this, what are you more interested in?
Movies or sports?
You're not asking me that question.
Yeah, I'm asking you and Vener, boy, what are you more interested in?
What's more, I mean, Devils want to stand a cup last night.
Big day was really boring.
I watched about 10 minutes of that.
It was, I mean, the ducks never even competed last night.
It was, you know,
to get him into game and he wins the cons of my trophy.
But Big deal, it was boring.
Hockey's in a lot of trouble, man.
It's in big, big, big, deep as trouble.
It was, so anyway, I was watching Johnny Darko, Johnny Darko.
Right?
Johnny Darko.
And I like I told you before the show, Drew Bairmore, who I usually can't stand.
She was very good.
She didn't have like a big role in there, but she was excellent as the red-haired school teacher,
who got canned for doing too good of a job and being too conscientious.
She was excellent.
She's a bit actress if they wouldn't keep typecasting her and that's Bimbo blonde,
the stupid ass role she plays.
That's where I learned to hate her and all those other stupid movies she's been in.
But she was very good.
And the kid, Jake Gyllenhaal, who went to lead the world, he was very good.
But then we get to the last five or ten minutes and you say,
no, this is not, we're not buying it.
They should have had an alternative ending.
You know how some of the CD, the DVDs that got alternative endings?
That's what it should have had.
Should have pressed the buzzer.
That was not acceptable.
Give me something I can handle, because I just, but I'm really getting into this thing.
Whether the audience, I got some other ones sitting here.
I got me a train spotting.
Haven't seen it yet.
Another Dan drug movie, right?
Well they all talk funny.
And I got equal, how do you say it?
Equilibrium?
That's something I wanted to see that.
As a matter of fact, since you mentioned train spotting,
I played the train spotting theme as the open music this morning.
Really?
Well, I didn't catch you on of that.
How do you like that?
So, oh, the way I think I got you to be a little bit because I know you got the Requiem sign.
Oh!
Bokeh Brian had an alter in the break.
You understand this type of talent?
I beg your pardon?
Every time you play that particular tune, you know what's going on at the Bokeh Brian house?
On the floor.
Really?
He had to call.
He's on the floor.
Take it out of the ones here.
I can't hurt them.
And you're not even really conscious of it.
You just see it out of the corner of the eye.
As the movie progresses, she's starting to pop three at a time.
It's the right thing.
She's doing three.
Pupples.
And the 15 green.
And see, if it weren't for the fact that we fell into this a few weeks ago,
I'd never would have seen any of these.
That would have been a tremendous, a bad deal.
Let me hand me equilibrium.
It's got Christian Bale who was so great in American Psycho.
Right.
And it says on the bottom of the cover, it says,
Forget the matrix.
This movie will blow you away.
Unlike Hillary, it will blow you away.
Now you won't bring any DVDs down because you have to declare them or whatever.
I don't want to slip all these down there.
However, what?
Is that the same deal?
If you have a CD.
Right.
Even if it's all opened and everything, you've got to declare it.
If they should go through my luggage and they'll say,
Oh, well, what are all these?
Did you buy these in Canada?
Of course I've got.
I mean, you know, I don't want to go through all of that hassle.
Plus, why should I be slipping these all back and forth?
Okay.
If you're going to afford it, I mean, you can afford that.
But what's that thing?
Netflix?
How much is that?
How much is it cost when you've got some money?
That's not the point that I want to see.
No, no, wait a minute.
How much?
I want to burn 20 bucks a month.
And you get to change it how many times?
How many DVDs you get?
I guess as often as you want.
I don't want you to bring these in.
I wanted the Requiem soundtrack.
I wanted to make a copy.
You want the soundtrack?
I can bring that.
Yeah.
I can bring it to the CDs that I have.
I'll even bring the Magnolia soundtrack.
That's why all your protestations.
We want copies.
I don't care what anybody says.
Why's up by Amy Mann?
That scene in Magnolia.
That's the greatest scene in the history of motion picture.
It's an act of a genius by Peter Apal, Thomas Anderson, whatever.
How does Amy and Peter fall into the Harry?
How's Harry doing?
Harry, that thing in your arm.
Look at you.
Good to see you.
Here's a Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
You kind of stole my thunder a bit.
You were talking about would you rather have movies or sports?
Yeah.
I was going to ask you if you saw the version of the movie The Mighty Ducks
where they lose at the end.
You know, anyways, I did see Record Requiem for a Dream.
I loved the plot with it.
With a refrigerator.
With a refrigerator coming in and trying to attack.
I thought that was great.
Yeah.
And I hate the devils.
That's all I can say.
Okay.
And I'm with you on both counts.
Thanks.
Actually, I'm caught.
This is when she was cleaning the kitchen rather frantically.
Remember that?
Yeah.
She was cleaning up a store, man.
I'm not sure.
All you kitchen was spotless.
Speaking of pop and good stuff in your posts.
For you guys, I've been telling you about something.
I took some this morning again.
Oliomed.
Oliomed, soft gels.
Contain.
Farma, super good grade olive oil.
Not just your pedestrian olive oil.
You can buy in a supermarket like in a bottle on a shelf.
But super concentrated olive oil loaded with health benefits.
Oliomed everyday can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus, there are 14 different Oliomed formulas that you can choose from.
Each one combining the finest olive oil on this planet.
With vitamins, minerals, and herbals to support specific health needs.
From your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need.
Now, there are three new Oliomed formulas.
One to help you sleep.
One to help you control your weight, Sarah.
If you only would have been pop and Oliomed, you know what?
For Sarah.
And sell Q10 for your heart.
Pick them up today.
Pick up Oliomed at public records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets,
Navarro's and Sedanos.
Or you can order it online if you like it.
Oliomedamerican.com.
If you want more information about these two-pendous products,
it's 1-866 Oliomed.
1-866.
What is it?
653-606-33.
My.
And local.
This is 425-60.
You're way, way, way.
It's Dates!
If I am a town.
Oh my god.
I have 5-6-0.
WQA.
And.
And.
And.
And.
And.
Somerini, who's somewhat half the police
My mother is his wife, I can't deny
Somerini's evilness, there's a goodness I can't find
You have hope
We deep down inside of daddy
He's gentle, that's so kind
So gentle, that's so kind
To the men who had a flayress with all those other broads
Who tortured in our house and then shot my dog
Who spent so many nights in trouble with the police
Who did his 30 years in a penitentiary
I know I lay on bail when he wanted me to bleed
The sacrificial gift for a sacred worship thing
For them we've been bailed in the middle of nowhere
Who tried to shoot me twice
Let me say it nice, happy Father's Day
Hey asshole
Happy Father's Day
Happy Father's Day to all the good dads out there
The audience all for you
1103-560 W.D. Hume, we asked that before on the show
But nobody ever responds why mothers generally are so much better parents and fathers
Generally speaking tend to be a disaster
Is there any special reason for that?
No, I don't know
All of Bora Boyd, their his dad took him, went and picked him up from his little problem with his car this morning
Yeah, I never had any problems with my dad
Drill all the way back to work?
Wouldn't be alive, I don't think
Well
Yeah
Only then let you smoke in a car and away back
Yeah, bastard
What if we sold the window?
Does he listen to the show?
Yeah
Okay, so I'm going to tell him what you said about the other day
5670560, pound 5660, the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Clinton laments politics of personal destruct as she hocks her book
She's hawking it
We've got to have something positive on that pool
But as a matter of fact, are we supposed to put that up there now?
Yeah
No, I think this is what we'll do is a Bill Clinton against that, that's just that would be cruel
Fantastic
What's the point?
What would be the point?
If we had 600 votes and Bill Clinton was running against George W
You know how many votes Bush would have?
Yeah, maybe
If he's lucky
That's why so many people are jumping on the Hillary bandwagon
Because that's the closest we can get
And a lot of people are thinking, well if she didn't get elected
He'd still be pulling the strings behind the scenes, you know?
He'd still be pulling it
She'd be busy with Janet Reno
And her friends
I just don't get it
I mean, I look at her and I hear her speak
And I see the whole deal and I just, it leaves me limp
Kind of like she left her husband limp
I mean, can there be any question about that?
No
I mean, he was always a womanizer or a hormander
And what tells wrong with that?
But in the meantime, there must have been something missing there at home
She's a green persimmon sucking bitch
Ice-princess bitch
Right
But other than that
Here's Miami, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Neil
Yes
Yes, you were talking about Hillary this morning
And you wanted a phrase or something to associate with her I thought
And I thought a one that was appropriate
Yes
Let's sleeping dogs lie
No
What does that mean?
Let's sleeping dogs lie
Take lie either way you want
Lie or lie
Woo
I'm having an out-of-body experience
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Woo
Man
I thought that the headless, uh, hormander, whatever the hell I wanted before
I thought that was bad, that was sensational
A word or a phrase that best describes Hillary Clinton
Is it, you know, you were joking that it's too difficult this much
Yeah, no I wasn't joking
Oh my god, I think we pushed them over the edge
Two purple pills
At the top of each hour, that'll help you out
That'll get you right up till two o'clock
Don't forget Joe Rose for the day, I'm mad dog today
There's been a lot of overworked uh, manage
286 votes
If the next presidential election being held today, who would you vote for?
Hillary 203, Gabby the 82
71% to 29%
Not even a contest, a route, a runaway
And the best part of it is, most of us who voted for we don't even like her
Right, how do I dare read this before I, uh, do I dare read this call, what you this fast me?
No
I don't? No, because it's a bunch of jokes, they're not all that good
Oh, they're stupid, okay, why are you practicing that?
No, but some are good and some are not
No, I don't want to joke today, okay, I want to get heavy duty
I want to talk about Magnolia and Requiem all day today
And how come nobody called us, hey, gee words, surprised you didn't like Donnie Darko
On that IMB delist, it's rated number 88 of all time
And that of course is by the people who, uh, subscribed to IMDB or diddle around on it
Who give their opinions on it
88 of all time is Donnie Darko
And I guarantee if you, I mean if you want to get it, go ahead with there many on the list of way ahead of there
No, I'll watch it for free, maybe
Maybe
And I'm not saying it's bad and I'm not saying it's bad
No, why did you fix me all these stupid jokes?
Jesus Christ!
You're all right!
Same part of the same fact!
Jesus Christ!
God did it!
I'm gonna start doing drugs right now
See, I think that's what this is all about, I think that all these people recommending all these drug movies
Because every movie I watchin'ly, that's all that's about his drugs
Donnie Darko?
Well, and he was a little about drugs, not really heavy duty, it was kinda like when they were smoking cigarettes, you know?
Pretty heavy schmit
But transplotting, you can see just by the cover of this thing that this kid, either he just came out of the swimming pool with his clothes on
Or he's having a little bit of a problem, you know?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
The latter, have you seen this, transplotting?
Yeah
Yeah
And you like it, well of course you like it because you're both druggy
And I like those whole, I like the Scottish Irish scumbags genre
I thought it was really good to see
Really well done
Hmm, the Scottish Irish scumbags, well I didn't leave too many out
Don't forget to scotch invented golf and kits
And those long stockings that come right up your crack
Welcome
Here's the facts from Richie and Coral Springs at the end of last night's game 7
Oh wait a minute Richard, I'm sorry, I don't wanna say because it might be dick
Like in rules of attraction
You gotta see that
I'm gonna say
You're kinda movie, I'm telling you
It's a no, it's a no brainer, it's guaranteed you can't lose
What I saw in the first half hours
Oh
Oh right
Oh
Oh
That was certainly one of the best scenes of the movie, you know?
When Tappy came out of the screen with the other Sarah with her nice red dress on
And all the camera crew came into the living room and they stepped the microphone
Get away from me, who are you? What are you doing here? I don't want you here
See finally got on television
At the end of last night's game 7 The Stanley Cup, it happened to me again
Each year no matter who wins the Cup, I found myself tearing up, tearing up
Oh, oh, oh, oh, when Lord Stanley's Cup is present
It's like Yeldie this morning, I heard my five minutes of the Moe show this morning
And Yeldie's going on, oh the NHL sure got it right, they sure got it down where I got it going
And it was just like, they got it going, would that Stanley Cup presentation
And I thought to myself, are you out of your mind, you're such a little, such a little sniveling suck old man
Who the hell are you kidding?
In addition to which if Jugs gets fired doing the games on radio
Parallels gonna get that job, no chance you're gonna get that Yeldie
You got a long line forming in front of you
In fact, wait before you'd ever get that job, I'd apply for it doing the Panther games, put you the shame you putz
It says, there's no fan of the levels, it was wonderful to see that, I didn't watch the celebration
Only in Jersey where the fans are the usual horrible selves that we see booze
Such as what rained down on John Sebastian Jigir when he rightfully won the Cons might trophy
Oh, I didn't see that
Well, it's in New York, summer, but expect in New Yorkers there
This tactless display of boredism only solidified
Why it is that there's so many people out there who neither understand a game of hockey or the term sportsmanship
Each year you went and raved down here by the uneducated fan, the fools that attend the Panther games
on the hockey can still ever have it to do when it rightfully should
Well, it rightfully should now, not with a kind of a crap that they're peddling now
They've created their own nightmare
And part of their nightmare was going into markets that shouldn't have had a hockey team in the first place
Like South Florida, for example
And like Atlanta going back there where they already failed before
Even though they got a pretty nice young team but nevertheless
I mean, well, what's the point?
Watering it down, Carolina, there's another example
It's sad that the single most wonderful game in this planet can be so well defined by its talent and beauty
When so many people out there simply don't get it, says Richard and Carl Spritz
Well, I agree with you Richard, dick whatever you call yourself
But the fact that it matters is it's like some a hollow out of the Goyom and it could have worked
Forget about it
They don't want it, they don't know from it, they'd rather watch women's softball
They'd rather watch anything, they'd rather go to cockpights, they're not hockey fans
And when you're feeding into ponderous crap that Gary Bettman decides is what hockey's all about
Fewer and fewer people will be watching and then of course September of next year it's going to be at a Zasta
Here's the lady in Tamarack, hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Hi, my name is Barbara, my maiden name was Aranaski, I'm a cousin of Aranaski
Oh my goodness, I can't believe it
You can't believe it
Well, he's actually a second cousin, my father's name is Aranaski
He is a genius
Well, my cousin supported him
Most of his wife until he did reckon for a dream
But he did pie, he directed pie and he also wrote it
She sent out letters to all her friends and close relatives for a thousand dollars donation towards him
Really?
And they supported him
She got money from her friends and her relatives to help support him
I think she had like twenty-nine dollars in the bank at that time
Did I call this?
In fact, my first cousin, it's my, it's my, it's dad, that's my first cousin
Our in the movie they'd have a little bit more of my cousin who resembles him very much, who is on the train
And his wife, who is someplace, and they were full of pie
And we hear about them all the time and he's now living with an actress in New York every day
Or for one room, six thousand dollars a month, right in New York City
Uh-huh
But it's been fun to watch him and to watch his progress when he was poor and nothing
Right
He was supposed to, we were supposed to direct the Brad Pitt movie and he went and felt very well
And he was supposed to do the new, not Superman, the other one
That man, we were out of the room
Yeah, yeah
Well he is, he's sensational, I'll tell you, he's an absolute genius
I'm sorry, I'm on 95 next to Truss, the distance is a little louder, it's like we're very bad here
In fact, I'm going to see my mother, my son, and I'll stay here, unfortunately, on that isn't home
Well, be sure and tell him that we're in love with his work, okay?
I sure, we're in love, I still can see you
Thanks, bye-bye, amazing, how do you like that?
Let's go to the movie
All right
11, 13, at 5, 60, WQA and hurricane seasons here before storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home
But what about the roof of your house?
The Somae Paint Factory makes roof mastic a roof coating that can help you hurricane-proof your roof
Somae's roof mastic saved a hundred roofs during Hurricane Andrew while unprotected roofs were peeding off and flying away like crazy as we saw
Somae also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof called the Somae Paint, uh, say it again, you can choke up about it
The Somae Paint Factory at 305, 633, 6333, the Somae Paint Factory is the oldest quality painted waterproof coating manufacturer in Florida
Somae SOMA-Y will save you money because they eliminate the middle man and all those markups
They sell it to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands and retail stores
So protect your home and property from softwood as tough tropical climate with the best paints and water-proof coatings at the best prices
Call these Somae Paint Factory 305, 6333, 6333 or find them on the web at Somae.com, SOMAYY, Somae.com
You save money when you buy directly from the Somae Paint Factory and be sure and tell them that old Neil pulled you to call at numbers 305, 6333, 6333
Find them local, this is 5 cities, the reuse of your Somae Paint Factory, you in!
In theaters now, you fast!
You furious!
Hey, sugar, how about some zombies?
Oh, wow!
Yes!
Yes!
You fast!
Hey!
It only took 15 seconds!
What about me?
You're so furious!
You're so dumb of bitch!
11-18-5-60, we got that on our list?
What?
Groups decry US Justice Department game events band, see I got these two stories one in each hand, okay?
In my left hand, the right to wed Canadians witnessed the landmark decision which I read moments ago that the story about an hour ago
The Canadian court ruled that the right to wed should be extended to same size couples, in other words to everybody anybody who's like an adult who wants to get married and here in the other in the right hand, in the far which I'm holding off to the far right, yeah?
Gay rights groups denounced on Friday a decision by the Department of Justice headed by conservative attorney General John Ascropp to ban employees annual gay pride events saying the move said a chilling message to its gay workers
chilling.
The OJ Pridehead Marina Colby told the right issue was taken aback when she was informed the employee groups annual awards ceremony would not be permitted because President Bush had not officially sanctioned it.
All we want is the same opportunity to recognize contributions to and from our community like other employees associations, he said we don't want special treatment, we want equal treatment, the nonpartisan human rights campaigns that Ascropp cancel these events after being lobbied by conservative groups.
It's shameful that the federal agency that's in charge of protecting civil rights in this country is singling out one group for disparate treatments, it's spokesman David Smith, it sends a chilling message that gay employees are not a welcome part of the Justice Department workforce.
What are you getting on that's already to by the way.
I beg your pardon.
What are you going to get the message as soon as Joey Saazard gets it?
5667 0560, pound 560 on the end of the year.
Now we got the Hillary pull up but this isn't going to fly. We got to have some other choices on there.
You notice how Erickson are real hard to get the other one up today which means either he's got several lunches that he's got lined up or he just don't want to get left and behind and since you know.
Guess what?
I hate to break the news to Eric but Carlos left you in his dust, okay?
Left you in the wake of the incredible stuff he's done on our website these last few months.
I started to say this yesterday and you interrupted me about all this crap.
Your whole concept of that radio station is cuck-eyed, alright?
Because in the meantime we got the top numbers.
Everybody in the market, everybody outside of the market knows what the number one show on the station is.
So what a week here if there's a bunch of overgrown children in there, a bunch of little sports children with a little collar.
Huh?
You keep missing the point.
No, I don't miss the point, okay?
Because I'm not somebody that looks at it like from, you know, stuck up to people's ass.
You're not hearing the point.
The people that pay him, the people that pay him.
Remember they're going to do that.
Hate the fact that he does a good job on our website.
The people that should pay me, that is.
The people that are paying him.
Yeah, the people that should pay him.
They're not paying him for that.
Right, but they hate the fact that he does that.
That he's not making any points by helping the world.
You are such a negative little prism, I tell you.
I look at it and I look at the number of hits we're getting every day in the tritus respite
and all the neat stuff that's out there, the mozo and mini mozo and all the other great stuff.
And I just craft my pants, man.
In fact, our two-nallocin is knocking on the door right now.
We love it, they hate it.
And I don't care.
That's the point I keep trying.
And see, he did it again, being a boy.
I'm trying to give you some kudos and you're not fooling me.
I'll tell you everything.
Yeah, every time I try to like say something good about this stupendous job,
how he's brought our website for an embarrassment and outdated piece of crap,
which it became, to a phenomenal one of the all.
And I'm proud of it.
I love it.
I love it.
You think I give a crap about the people that I'm building, whether they like this show or not?
Do you think I care about that?
I don't want to say it.
What's that?
Oh, I hope the beast likes this show.
What do I give a crap about those people?
There are a bunch of silly sports.
There are a bunch of overgrown children.
They don't get in.
They pay him and they hate him.
They are not paying him for doing anything on our website.
That's not part of his assignment.
I know.
He does that out of it.
It's a work of, what does it call?
It's a labor of love.
It's a labor of love.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
I guess he just loves this more than Eric did because Eric said it was a labor of love too,
but he wasn't laboring too much.
Here's the call from Delray Beach.
Hello.
Now what George is trying to say, I think I'm trying to help him.
I'm trying to say that when somebody hits on your page, it's taking away a hit from the 2AM page.
That's how they see it.
Yeah.
And they see it as that the negative, although they don't.
They should be thinking about that.
Let me point something out to you.
Do I care about that?
Well, good.
You shouldn't absolutely.
I don't.
See, that's the difference between...
Other than the paycheck, the biggest difference between me and George is that he cares about what other people think.
I couldn't give a flying crap less.
Your paycheck doesn't depend on whether they like you or not.
Yeah.
And what about yours?
Well, we're talking about Carlos.
Mine obviously does, because I'm not going to go pay check.
No, that's because George sabotaged you.
Yeah, I know.
Okay, let's...
When we get back to the caller here, you're stepping on his guy's guy's guy.
He's got obviously something to say.
Go ahead.
Okay, on your Hillary poll.
Yeah.
To get to the...
My phrase, I think, can be for her.
Is...
Health care.
Okay, how she screwed it up.
She can't paint on it.
Right?
She can't paint on it.
Eight years in office, she didn't do a damn thing.
And as soon as it came up, she folded like a cheap lawn chair.
Right.
And did...
Is that the lawn chair that the Sarah Goldfarb was on?
Yeah, you can give...
Yes, that's the same exact lawn.
Yeah.
And now, my health insurance cost you $1,000 a month for just average health care.
Like a barely afforded.
Yeah.
And I hate the best for it.
She...
She folded up like you said, like a cheap lawn chair, just like she did on a war at the...
Yeah, absolutely.
That's right.
She's nothing but...
In the system, she claims to be an outsider.
She's full of grants.
Amen.
Well said, pal.
Thanks.
Good luck to you.
How do you like that?
He's pissed off and fired up.
Can we put...
We got to put something good on this pole, otherwise what's the point?
I don't even see the things that we put on there.
Now, he didn't...
Well, look, now don't start pushing Eric already.
Oh, not me.
Probably, been her boys fall because he's too busy trying to defend himself against your attacks.
We don't have lightweb...
No, we do have lightweb.
What...
She's not George W.
That should be on there.
Or squishy, that was yours.
And what about...
Brilliant.
Let's put brilliant on her.
I'm gonna start putting some good ones.
Because if you're gonna have a poll, it can't be negative.
What's the point?
We just had 71% of the people said they'd vote for her for president.
And granted, we understand that's because he's not George W.
Maybe that's the one that ought to be on there right away.
Let's get these other ones on there now, boner boy.
You pick up that phone and you tell Eric we want them on there now.
Or we're taking away his guy, Dan breakfast and lunch burritos.
How do you like that?
We're gonna start playing hardballs with Eric.
She's not George W.
Squishy or brilliant.
And the brilliant part, I sure wouldn't vote for that.
I mean, I already voted.
Lightweight, that was my vote.
Lightweight.
I mean...
What does she have that...
And forget about the one who's in there, but because he stole it.
What qualifications does she have to be the president?
Because she was married to one?
There you go.
Well, how about what that was the name of the dog that got killed?
That got run over.
You know the one, right?
But...
No, not he's lucky.
Buddy, that's it buddy.
If buddy were still here today, see what I'm saying?
He was the dog of the president.
So what, Helena?
He was probably at least a lot more affectionate to the president than she was been a long time.
Here's Maria.
Faxitz is, I have a movie I'd like you to see.
American Beauty, very good.
Also a name for Hillary, she's the devil.
Okay, the devil.
She's the devil.
She's the devil.
Okay, put that on there.
America is good.
Is it?
Yes.
I thought you told me not to see American Beauty.
Who told me that?
I don't know.
Somebody told me.
Must've been a caller.
I must've been like this.
I must've been taken pills.
Purple.
Or green.
And for Bulk and Brian, if he can get himself up off the floor one more time, please.
He's another one, why make sure that you block that soundtrack.
The soundtrack's I'm bringing.
Okay, let me go to the break because we got some factions here.
Oh, here she said, doll.
Bobby, a bottlehead doll.
It says these phone calls are drugging me in the mozone.
No, no phone calls, please.
I can't stop.
Oh, bedtime stories all day.
I'll pay to listen.
Number one fan.
Oh, 100% Jamaican.
A Jamaican guy.
What the hell movie was it?
Where there was a Jamaican drug dealer?
Oh, our rules of attraction.
You noticed that every time there's a Jama-
There's a drug movie, there's always got to be a Jamaican guy in here.
Because they're trying to make it in a realistic.
That's why Georgia is so happy to work in that neighborhood.
1127 at 560.
W.D.C.M. I can't think of any other reason.
Can you?
Plus the fact you got Jimmy Loubo there every now and then.
Oh, yeah, you can go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead.
You can go ahead and Jimmy Loubo and hang out with Pete Bolger and the Bab and Groop.
Hey, if you're disenchanted with your life, if your job sucks, if your paycheck is an embarrassment to you,
if you're in a dead end situation as far as workers can circuit out of that, call fast train today.
Fast train can have your fully trained and ready for a new high-paying computer career just for short months.
Call them pull free.
There's no obligation. They'll explain it to you just how easy it is.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
And fast train, even better news, has got locations all over town.
They're in Miami Kindle for Lauderdale and Pemberg Fines.
So there's bound to be one nearby you and convenient to where you live.
Call right now. 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
And don't forget fast train offers.
Job placement assistance. Financial aid. Convenient to evening weekend classes.
So you haven't got any more excuses to stay in a crappy dead end job that pays peanuts when you can be just one phone call and four months away from a real computer career and a big fat one and a good paycheck too.
Jump onto Fast train today and call them pull free. 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
And when you call be sure to remind them that Todd Dreck is really living up to his name.
Or check him out on the web at fasttrain.com.
We're sports radio 560-UAM.
We're here at 1-I swear.
Well congratulations, get a light.
I like the wee wee.
So cannabis.
Our home and needed bread.
Oh!
High-false and sea.
Will knock you on your head.
Oh.
With the sharp eyes, multiply our side.
We reclaim your good duty.
Oh right.
Yes.
Oh.
1133-560-WDQM.
Here's a very convoluted fact that says,
I love your show.
I just wanted to express my views on a couple of things.
As far as the pictures on your website keep them up. I'm personally sensitive to pictures like that.
But it's important for people to know that anyone that's not American is a human being too.
Two, as far as Hillary, the positive thing I have to say about her is that she's not Laura Bush,
who by the look and arise has nothing in her head.
Regardless of Hillary and Bubba's personal life at least they cared about real issues like everyone in America prospering.
Three, as far as what I would like to hear on your show more than sports and or movies,
tell us more about a real nation like Canada that cares about the happiness and prosperity for all its people.
And as open-minded enough to have women, prime ministers and conservative and openly gay politicians.
Four, if my suggestion about Canada is not good, please just stay on the air.
Well, okay.
Okay, I'll stay on the air.
What do you say?
Okay.
Well, I think I do pop these things in a renown end when we have another pot story.
A decolonization pot story, a gay marriage story like we had today. I pop them in there.
But we don't want to get Tom Jicke upset because then he'll say I'm out of touch with the repressive atmosphere in South Florida and the USA.
Won't you say that?
I'm sure.
He'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he
say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say
he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he'll say, he
he's got issues.
And you notice now one person called and said, well, Adani Dirkle was really a great movie and everybody rates it so highly, and even my big 5,000 page book, the video hound,
if you can somebody call or at least a couple calls would recommending it. Right. Why do you think I got it? Right.
This book gives it three star, three of bones out of four, four is the best. And I should mention again, I mentioned off the air to George this morning that Edward's got three and a half bones.
Well, deserved. Yeah, that Edward bone. See now, if I want to say that near the feral show, he'd be talking about somebody's package again.
I love for well, but he's just obsessed. I'm supposed to be the faggot, but he's obsessed with everybody's package, including his own.
He was talking about Vlad and his 40 inch packet nonsense he's talking about his trouser snake. Jesus Christ, 5,670560, 0560 on the 80. I thought it was a macho station.
What it is, how macho sports station, what could be more much of the packages than a big penis, right? Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? Sam. Great.
I got a couple of movies to discuss for you guys. We're going to do all of you know something. We're going to talk about movies as much as we feel like it. How do you like that?
Perfect. No, seriously. This is again, this audience that wants to give us instruction. Oh, it's too much of this. Whatever. Until it burns out, we're going to talk about whatever we want. Go ahead.
To start mentioned the Scottish and Irish movies. Have you guys ever seen Boom Doc Saints? No, what is it? Boom Doc Saints. It's got William the phone.
Boom Doc Saints. Yeah, Saints. Oh, Saints. Yeah. Really good. I've never heard of it. Never heard of it. You guys watch that one. And the other one. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. One moment please. Okay. Because I got this big 60,000 page book here. Now, how new is this movie?
That's not that that's our new actually came like in the actually 98 maybe 99. Two bones, 1999, two bones, two Boston Irish Catholic brothers, Connor and Murphy, MacMannis, Tiniw and unlikely local heroes after the self defense killings of some Russian monsters who were threatening to close down their local pub. They turned vigilantly, believe in their doing. God's work to rid the world of evil, which leads the more slaughter investigating the crimes is gay.
The gay F the agent Paul Smecker, William the foe. William, I always say William. William the foe who is shown reconstructing the carnage and series of flashbacks. That's pretty interesting. It's pretty good. And the other one is lock stock and two spoken barrels.
Lock by the director of snatch the precursor very similar snatch again. Yeah, snatch Jesus guy, Richie snatch is much better. But lock stock and you got three bones man.
But lock stock is still good. Lock stock and two smoking barrels pop twist laden British paper company plays like Tarantino and crumpets for dim hoods. Bacon soap, Eddie and Tom pooled area. You'll gotten gains so that Eddie can play a high stakes card game. They don't know the game is fixed. However, yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada yada y
Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two
smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Now the goodness and strength says Jaime the
Lock stock and two smoking barrels. Now the goodness and strength says Jaime theelt and two smoking barrels. You know how these are happening. Hot stock and two smoking barrels. When I say firm coming, I will examine myself as an Ambassador for venture, I will discuss Hammerhead's
hammerhead's contract with Hammerhead's contract with Hammerhead's contract from Hammerhead's contract here. I will discuss maximum at least one thing one thing he's going to do is submit a
the red hot rock to London and his boss, where he properly gets lifted.
Beneath to the El Toro.
Richie's usual use of heavy cockney accents are upstaged by pits Gypsy
Pugilist and is much talked about thick as Guinness Brog which even the other
characters can't decipher.
The elaborate and sometimes confusing plotlines are aided by titles and narration
and effective use of Richie's usual, oh you know something?
But I gotta tell ya, for once in my life I have my thumb right on it.
You know this movie Donny Darko?
Right, now I think it's this review in this book, it better be here, I'm gonna be pissed off.
Because even though he liked it and he gave it to three bones, where the hell is it?
Donny Darko, come on you can do it.
Donny Darko, even at he says, uh, not, this isn't the one.
This isn't the review, this review I read online I guess where he talked,
the reviewer talks about how hard it was to hear some of the dialogue and how he
had to keep turning back to you and I.
I did that about four times during the movie last night, I thought it was just me,
I thought, wait a minute, what did he just say?
That was an important line there and I had like flippet back to hear the line again
and here's the reviewer writing the same damn thing, inexcusable.
Well how about the Godfather?
I heard it fine.
The dialogue in the Godfather is you gotta have that thing cranked up and you have to have
absolute sounds, you can't have like a bunch of racket going in the background.
You better.
And see what else going on with that.
19 till noon at 5.60 WQM don't forget Joe Rose the little dog for the mad dog at two
the Humper in the studio at four.
What, now what just to happen there?
Look at that can you believe that?
I dropped Sarah Goldfarb.
Right in the long spot.
I am local.
I am your sports radio 560s.
You and you and you and you.
Lollipop little boy.
Hillary from Arkansas.
Hillary from Little Rock in Seoul.
Got a good idea from Tifa Dog.
Move to the Okinawa 4 Sanito.
All through the state people, shout to the name.
Ever air you will never be chilly on it.
No, sorry I need a team so silvery.
Hillary from Arkansas.
This Hillary from Arkansas.
Right out of the cornfield on the hall.
Ice wind billies a nasty voice.
Wayne Julie the outskill jumps with joy white water.
Now just a little bit of air.
And a wheel doesn't ever go.
No, sir.
We're being lost sometimes.
Never read.
Hillary from Arkansas.
I'm like, is she really?
Well, hell yes, I mean.
I'm like, is she developed all your time to it?
And I'll just say, well, I'll say, oh, you know.
I'll take care of things.
Taking care of business.
I'm a BTO family.
I'll take care of things.
This Hillary from Arkansas is the damn thing I ever saw.
Your run's with you little goofy dog.
And you never have him in New York.
So change your mind running Illinois.
We don't believe it.
You're a Yicki van.
No, sir.
It's a pretty thing that's
ever read.
Hillary from Arkansas.
H-I-L-L-A-R-Y.
Hillary.
Hillary.
I'm.
140 eight dogs on the pool.
What, which of these do you think best to scratch Hillary Clinton?
One, what is it?
148.
Opportunity 68 votes.
Ice Princess 29.
Carbon Bagger 14.
Brilliant 13.
Lightweight 10.
She's not towards W-6.
The devil six and squishy two.
I got one more.
Okay.
Small potatoes.
Yeah, they are kind of small, aren't they?
Yes, small taters.
No, seriously, small potatoes.
That's what she is to me.
Tater tots.
Small potatoes.
So there you go.
There's one more.
And I'm going to tell you, I have the book right in front of me.
I've got a real great idea here momentarily.
Because here's our last call from North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm talking about movies.
We rented a movie.
We're not into comedies.
But we rented a movie called
Sorted Live.
That's the one, the ID live, sort of live.
It's advertised as a black comedy about white trash.
It's with both, both, oh god.
Bo-Griven.
Bo-Burgers.
Bo-Burma.
And what the hell is that?
Oh, Derek.
No, but Bo-Burgers and another new John it opens up with.
I'll be back.
People in the Texas, I think it's Texas.
But it has a little gay theme in it, which is from the beginning of the movie
to the last of the movie.
After the credit, you will be hysterical laughing.
Really?
Yes, the name of it is Sorted Live.
Well, let me look it up now.
How long would you see this?
I saw it about, well, about three weeks, four weeks ago, about a month ago.
It came out, I would say, no more than five, six weeks ago at Hollywood video.
But I think you can get it at black boxes, I don't know.
Not in my book, how do you like that?
Sorted Live.
It's too new, okay, I got it down, thanks.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, that takes care of our calls for today.
It's been nice being with you.
Well, you got those soundtracks.
Oh, yeah, I do.
But I got a better idea than that.
Remember, I threatened I was going to read the Hillary book.
I got, might as well do something constructive with it for my 44th Canadian.
What?
Well, if they don't want to talk to me, I mean, I do have my bedtime stories here.
But they're on our website about the adjust event, tourist shows,
then postpone, do fall, because they can't figure out what
the heli belongs on in the first place for.
I'd say, what does an MSNBC just do?
Everybody a favorite and shut off, you know, sign off.
Bye bye.
Crap.
They tried the right-wing thing, you know, with that Joe Scarborough and with Michael Savage.
They ain't working.
They tried, what's his name?
Knockman.
Is he barely like still alive or something?
He's hanging on.
They tried Donnie, who that played the big egg.
And now they're going to bring out just eventura.
He's going to save.
And then they like put him on for five minutes and I didn't go over with a crap.
So they keep postponing his show and pushing it back.
But I got an American story as chapter one in Living History by Hillary Rotem Clinton.
And we could play some great music behind it.
I could read the whole goddamn book here on the show.
Huh?
What's the thing?
I bet you a lot of people would start popping pills if I did this.
Yeah.
Including you.
I'm not making the content right now.
Yeah.
Well, I'm just just telling you right now.
I don't want to threaten the audience, but I'm going to read the Hillary Clinton book in its entirety.
Which will save you.
How much did I say American?
28 bucks, right?
Savied 28 big ones.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
10th of June, man.
10th of June.
It's payday.
I got paid a day early and of course,
being a bohemian could pay it all this time because he was a bad boy.
And I don't know why you keep relating that to what he does on the internet.
It's got nothing to do with any of that.
That's what you said.
Yeah.
The point you made is that they should appreciate him here because of all the work that he does for us.
And you use the internet as an example.
And I retorted,
that's a bad example because they really hate that.
I said that I appreciate what he does.
They're, I didn't say that they should appreciate it.
They don't appreciate anything.
They don't appreciate what I've been doing for him.
We worked our ass off for five freaking years and at a place in God of Number One ratings
and made a millions of dollars.
And what do they do?
They screwed around with a show and stuck us on their 9-1 and killed a God damn show for your
plus.
You don't appreciate that?
And stuck on a guy like Mohawar David in the head of us who was like a sandbag
and a semi-chancey God and tried to get everybody fired at it.
Yeah.
That's the appreciation they got.
You kidding me?
Like I've told you a billion times there's only one bit of appreciation you'll get out
of that company and that's twice a month on payday.
And in Carlos's case, none.
George, I told you all this stuff before I started working here.
Damn bastard.
Yeah, don't blame me.
Blame your buddy George.
He's the one that picked you up far out of the overpass.
I warned him for two years.
Nah.
It was like three.
Yeah.
And you said, you love it.
You got the time of your life.
You're a superstar now.
You're on a freaking radio.
You're actually coming on and making costs to comments.
Well, you got a comedy bit named after you there for crying out loud.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, see there it is.
He should be putting us.
You'll put that Eric in a mental institution.
Don't work if you want.
Money.
It's seen now you're getting carried away.
That's not the beastly up in which the money part.
Okay.
How did you even hear two months?
In fact, maybe Harry and what's his name?
Harry and what's always the other character's name?
Ty.
Ty road.
Ty that was his name.
Was that that was great.
Ty that was his name.
But anyway, maybe they'll open up the shoe box and share some of their goodies with it.
See, and you were wrong, George.
What you said yesterday about Jennifer Conley.
It was that bitch's fault because I forgot.
I didn't forget about it.
I just forgot to mention it.
That the whole reason they went into the drug business in the first place was to try to
just small time drug business to make enough money to open up her store.
That's right.
You're right.
Right.
To be her fault.
She's a
and then that ungrateful slut.
Right.
Once she got hooked, boy, all of a sudden she wasn't worth a crap.
Except maybe asked to ask.
Right.
Well, five six seven home five sixty,
pound five sixty on the eight.
See, I do bad things.
And the worst thing I do is I allow the audience to influence me.
Now, when I should have allowed them to influence me,
it was during those seven months of bedtime stories.
I should have taken a message.
Okay, but I was listening to you, which you're always wrong.
You know, it was their fault.
Whose fault?
The audience.
Because they were pulling the same crap.
They've been pulling yesterday.
And today, now we've been last week.
We had a spectacular week on the show.
We got for around hours to lead in.
The audience seems to be a lot happier.
We don't have all the more business to put up with before we come on every day.
For all gives us a nice lead in.
We actually have about a 10 second crossover there.
I mean, life is sweet.
You know, what market you want.
So the people that's out for it aren't happy unless they can give you a little
stoch.
You know, unless they can make your blood, your back bleed a little bit.
You know, that's what makes them happy.
That's what brings them joy is sending you misery.
It's not important that they're happy, but that you're miserable.
Keep that in mind.
Okay.
For all summer long.
Here's Point and V.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Okay, two things.
Number one, a movie, putty slope.
And number two, Hillary Clinton is the answer.
She's the answer.
She is absolutely the answer to get rid of this neo-fascist regime we have in power now.
Okay.
Well, I like that.
She's the answer.
Okay.
Okay.
Thanks.
That's a question.
There is no question.
Just as she's the answer.
So you don't need a question.
Well, say one thing about this music.
It is a suicide inducing.
Sure.
We're going to help to reduce the surplus population by playing
on this music day after day.
I am going to play that entire song for Magnolia later.
Good.
Oh, you like it?
I do.
I liked everything about the movie until I don't want to hear this again.
You know, is it me being her boy?
Is he starting to get awfully redundant lately?
Like all that crap about you, for example, at number one and then number two,
all of this business about Magnolia, you didn't like the ending.
We know that we accept that.
I'm not, I don't accept it.
You keep representing my opinion about it.
You hated it.
Just like I told them to watch kids.
Right?
Well, who the hell is this?
Tell me to buy that piece of crap.
Yeah, you told me to buy it.
My Alzheimer's ain't that heavy duty, okay?
I'll swap you for the Hillary book.
For about 50 cents.
Four minutes till noon.
I'll tell you one thing in spite of the audience's standards.
But all of this crap,
10 to 2 rocks, man.
Oh, it just smokes right on by.
Have you noticed that?
Oh, yeah.
In fact, that's what Beta Boy was doing this morning.
He was smoking right on by the building.
My, my, and Lord, this is Fort Real by City.
Way, way, yeah.
That's Howard David.
When I take my Fel Dean, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-The-One-Hour.
Not George, because he's stupid.
Tonight on every channel on television,
it's the new reality show you've seen a million times.
It's several money-hungry girls and one boring guy.
Hi there.
Several money-hungry girls and one boring guy,
featuring super-hot-based, if you switch your eyes,
competing for one extremely rich and excruciatingly dull guy.
Why don't you come in the hot cell with us?
Nah, I'd rather sit here and be extremely rich and excruciatingly dull.
Which money-hungry girl with a one boring guy choose to enter into a relationship
that could potentially last upwards to two days before they get sick of each other?
I really think that you're the perfect man for our future kids to spend alternating weekends.
Let's go try changing the station.
It's on every channel.
Several money-hungry girls and one boring guy.
It's the very best thing that TV programmers can come up with.
Yeah, unfortunately.
From noon at 5.60 WQM, happy Tuesday to us.
So, uh, for Relses, that he's got a much larger penis than guilty.
Anybody buying that?
No.
Not from what we heard.
Have they compared?
I think that's coming.
Which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton we asked?
Now, what was that last one of guys said she's the answer?
The answer.
Yeah, that's...
Huh?
Well, it sure is how better than she's not the G-W.
I mean, she's not all that she's not anybody else.
She is what she is.
199 votes.
Opportunist 83.
Ice Princess 36.
Brilliant 24.
Carpet Bagger 19.
She's not G-W 14.
Lightweight 10.
The devil 10.
Ha ha ha ha.
And squishy 3.
Three say she's squishy.
I think Jennifer Conley looked squishy in that one scene.
Why are we like that guys said?
She was tight.
Ooh, now that that one scene, she wasn't.
Oh, God.
It was depressed.
Please put a condom on that thing.
Yeah, in fact, what's his name was tight?
He was real tight.
He was tighter than a graded-in sneered rum.
Harry.
567.0560.
Pound 560 on EAT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
What a shame that that nice big screen TV,
he bought them on Macy's, that it's that they're in the off position.
Most of the last part of the movie, you know what?
Tragic.
Here's a call from Miami Hill.
Am I on a wrong line?
Probably.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Hey, I bought the Hillary's book.
And it's afternoon I get out of work.
I'm going to go to board and somebody else.
Why is that?
I need a toilet paper.
I'd like wiping my ass with the covers.
Okay, great.
567.0560.
Pound 560 on EAT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
Yes, sir.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for making your call, sir.
I know you guys have talked a lot about movies.
I don't have anything to contribute with that.
I was curious being there.
We talk about whatever you want to talk about, sir.
That's the name of the show.
That's I was just curious.
I didn't really listen yesterday.
And I know that software is not really touched in.
And it goes on.
And I was curious to be commented on
the Sunset Noles report on the
the A's of the Demick that's
growing larger and larger down here and with statistics.
And did anybody comment at all yesterday?
No.
Did you see the article on the website?
Yes, I did.
Yes.
Did you not find that alarming and sad?
Well, it's sad.
But why, I mean, what am I going to say?
I mean, people just got careless and decided it wasn't going to happen to them.
And it's all over again with.
And it's not all over with.
Exactly.
It's not all over.
And it's interesting.
But again, I know that the Sunset
was going to be an article on it.
But you were not getting the attention that I think this disease needs.
But yet, we're spending billions and billions of dollars
for things not getting done in Iraq and billions of dollars to kill other people.
But we can't even take care of people in our own country.
And it's just, I mean, I'm not calling to see here and try to
connect the war versus health care here or the nation.
But it was really just another shocking article.
And it was going to continue to try to be educated,
state that it's just a really sad state of affairs.
And I don't know.
Again, it's like, nothing ever gets sad.
Something quickly gets mentioned.
And then it just falls underneath the carpet.
Nobody ever gets.
You got it.
That's right.
It's that three-second attention span.
Now you're talking.
You know, the other thing that I was sad about that article,
I don't know if you how much you read about it.
But I mean, it's glad that things are pointed out.
But it was just like really just like shady journalism.
Like it was just like trying to make it like some kind of a sob story.
Instead of like presenting the facts and everything like that,
there was the second word.
The writer was talking about something that that smokes crack.
He used the pain.
But it was like all she can do is get to the sweet taste of the crack pipe
to make it through the day.
It was just like this.
So the sweet taste of the crack pipe?
Yeah.
The inner life.
It was in the article.
I mean, it's just checking it out.
It was in the section where there's some of the African-American pop-up games.
And you have to be smitten, man.
The sweet taste of the crack pipe.
It is.
The sweet taste of crack, which you hit the pipe,
was sweet taste of crack pipe.
It was just like this.
Like I'll wore this the way I want to.
You know, it was just, it was really trying to make a point.
But this is again, just just another question.
I just remember what the publication you read it in,
OK?
So another make-up you knew it was paper.
Neil, listen, I thank you as always for preaching the truth out here to us.
And very, very much that was with it.
And another great book that's on your side that you need to read is called,
Why do people hate America?
And it's written by some of the names Zodden, Sardar, and Marilyn Wind Davies.
And it's a lot, I think it's a lot more well-written and less opinionated
than the Gorbidol book.
It's by a group called the Diff, this information company.
And it's about a $12 read.
It is an amazing book.
It asks the question of, you know, if you know...
First of all, is the 44 bucks Canadian and his piece of crap by Hillary?
No, no, no. This book is...
The question is like, why do people hate us?
And the question is, first, you got to ask who is people and second who is us.
And it's really shows what we're doing to the rest of this world.
And it really shows how we view ourselves, how the rest of the world.
I'm going to get my crack pipe in a second if you don't stop.
I'm sorry. Go ahead and get that C-tasty crack, Neil.
OK, I have a great take back.
Here we go.
Come on, Sarah.
Sarah.
Shimmer up that B-alibu little cream cheese.
Honey, it's great.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
One of the negative reviews, you know, on that IMDB,
there's eight million reviews, which I enjoy reading them.
Of course, I don't like the ones that I disagree with, but what do you expect?
But one of the knocks was that it was so predictable.
What was?
Well, what a requiem for a dream that you knew what was going to happen,
all of the characters.
Well, how did you know that?
You know, anybody can watch a movie or read a book and then say,
oh, gee, it was so predictable.
We knew what was going to happen to Harry and Mary and Sarah.
Any asshole can do that.
That they're going to have drug problems, serious drug problems at the end of the movie.
No crap.
Right.
All the old Yenth is, you know, wind up in the funny farm like Purasera, you know?
That's why she was standing like all along with her nice white hair do.
At least it wasn't orange anymore, they'll say.
I can always find something redeeming, something good, even though the darkest cloud.
I still say that I'm really disappointed in the Donny Darko.
I just went on during the last break or a little before that,
and I read some more reviews of it.
And, boy, they build a stuff like this is one of the most phenomenal movies of all time.
Well, I mean, it was enjoyable.
It was okay.
It was going along, and then all of a sudden you get to the last part.
See, you didn't like the ending of Magnolia, but I didn't destroy the whole movie, I don't think.
No, absolutely not.
But in this case, the last five or ten minutes, I was just, when the thing ended, I just said,
ah, like that.
Just like that.
Yeah, I started dancing around the world.
I hate that.
Oh, man, like I wasted an hour and a half for this.
God, and he didn't even look all that bad.
Jake Gillin, or whatever hell's name is.
Not great, but he wouldn't want, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
In fact, I'd rather read the Johnny Dark story than Donny Darko.
Don't you think?
I'd rather hang around it, do guys.
Rest it in peace, that place is long gone, right?
Do you guys?
I guess.
Donny Dark!
And hang out with Johnny Dark, and hear about his trip to Europe that time.
Then watch the Donny Darko again.
That is when I will not be watching the second time.
Maybe he's a little lobby, he'll tell you all about it.
That was great.
Get some food for him.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Can you imagine just two movies?
Sure, why not?
Don't be defensive.
I hope I'm not repeating myself.
How old and mod?
I don't know if that's been said.
Well, why don't you repeat yourself?
Well, somebody hasn't already put it on.
No, how old are you?
How old are you?
I'm not a hero in mod, yeah.
And there's one that's an Italian, but it's English dump.
It's hilarious if you can find it.
It's called the Opaer Girl.
The Opaer Girl?
Yes.
It's well worth it.
It's hilarious.
It's nothing English with those, you know,
with those funny characters.
And it's just hilarious.
With those crazy Guido's.
Okay, thanks a lot, amigo.
You're welcome.
Are we there, Chi?
5670560, pond 5660, making a list of 5,000.
I will be broke by the time I get through with this hobby.
It's a hobby, you know?
Right.
I just never laid in life.
I decided this was my hobby.
I was never into watching all that many movies.
Just sitting around.
But I have, I just enjoyed it there.
Because I will say this.
Donnie Darko, the ending was disappointing.
The rest of it was fun.
I enjoyed it.
Ending killed it.
But all of these other ones that I'm watching here
these last few weeks, I'm loving them, right?
They just keep getting better and better.
And I realized how much stuff that I missed.
It's really good.
Because the problem is when you open up the newspaper,
and you see, well, what's playing at the centiplex,
you know, the odds are that you're going to go and see
something that's really disappointing.
For a swan.
That's right.
It's grind out.
But when you can go to your movie store and pick out the DVDs
when people are saying, hey, here are some really fantastic classics.
Right.
And you can spend your time doing that.
Then you say, all right, then you're doing something useful.
Let you enjoy.
As opposed to watching a pile of crap for an hour and a half.
Oh, there's little else that gets better.
And then not to mention, of course, our Easter eggs,
which I did figure out the momentum thing yesterday.
It's very simple.
Yeah, just printed out that page from the Easter egg website.
And like two or three steps, that's all you do.
And then the movie plays in chronological order,
which I didn't watch the whole thing again.
But I do have that down to a science piece of cake.
Unless you got to achieve a DVD player,
in which case you're F'd your screwed.
Really?
Yeah, it doesn't work.
Huh.
It does do some things, but then it doesn't play the whole thing.
Whatever.
I don't like to achieve anyway.
Yes, through them.
Here's a call from camera.
Hello.
You know, yes, sir.
Hi, I'm Buck.
I was calling in regards to this thing with Hillary's book.
Yes.
And the one thing that I noticed is that the right part of the
conservative is our love and the fact that this book is coming out
for probably the biggest reason is that Bush is under going to be
under a lot of scrutiny,
regards.
So these weapons of mass destruction.
I think the biggest controversy, probably
since I ran Contra,
you hit about peanut skate and everything else.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
With it.
Uh-huh.
But it's just it's amazing to me that
the lead story, when you watch all these news,
all these talk shows and all these think tanks is Hillary's book.
And when or when she knew whether or not
Bill was fooling around in her,
who really gives a crap between a husband and a wife.
I have no idea why I have this book sitting in front of me.
Why I went out and bought this?
How much?
Muck.
No.
But it goes to show you if somebody
hikes something enough plus the fact that I'm doing the show and I figure
well somebody's going to be calling about it and I better have it.
You know, but I handle these into bite is book.
It's a look at how she looks at things,
but you know, I don't give a crap how she looks at things.
I couldn't care less.
Exactly.
And I can't wait for the bit with Eisner for the docs.
What do you think is going to come to what?
I guarantee you.
Oh, I snore.
He's pissed off and fired up.
All right, Neil.
I remember.
It's a lot of pal you two.
Yeah, it's kind of sad.
They didn't really.
I mean, the first period was competitive last night and it was a more wide open
than I ever dreamed it was going to be.
I thought Jersey would do a complete coma thing which they didn't.
But you know, once they got ahead and then especially once it was too
nothing, you can go watch Donnie Darko a few times.
Even George didn't watch the third period.
I got her.
She's looking right back at me.
Hillary, there she is.
Looking at me right in the push and I'm looking at her in the face and I'm
thinking you silly-ass bitch.
What do you got?
What was your story?
What does she bring?
You know, like for Relsal, I was saying, come on, bring it, bring it.
Well, what is she bringing?
She shouldn't bring it out.
I'll tell you.
She brings that push.
Yeah, oh no, she ain't bringing that.
She's keeping at home in storage in a box.
An American story.
Can I read the first sentence?
All right.
I wasn't born a first lady or a senator.
Period.
That's it.
See, now that wasn't so bad.
No, it was awful.
44 bucks can any day.
Oh, I should go out on the street this afternoon and hand this off to some homeless
bastard.
Maybe he can take it back and get a refund.
They won't take it.
And that's true.
Who the hell's that bitch?
No, they had piles of these at the bookstore.
I mean, they were like piled-han.
And then there was no big line of people running to buy them.
Do you think that anybody in Canada gives a flying crap about Hillary Rodham Clinton?
They like Bubba.
But I guess maybe they were intelligent up to separate the two to realize that she
wasn't the president and probably ain't never going to be.
Do you really think that she could win?
No.
No.
Call her made a good point.
She didn't want to get on the air.
So, but is there anything that would be stopping her from making Bubba,
her vice president, and if he kills her?
That was a good point.
Well, the good about Bubba.
That was a good point.
The thing about Bubba.
She's going to get elected.
She'll make Bubba the vice president.
And he's got a killer so we can get in front of her.
He can't do that.
I don't think.
I don't think he can be elected again.
Well, you know what?
There's a deal with the legal department on that and check that out.
Okay.
So, you know, and now we talk, I said something good about him before.
Now he's doing his own talk show off here.
I warned him about passing along the color's material.
Oh, thank God for Eric, man.
And I never thought I'd say that again.
Did I really say that?
12, 14, at 5, 16 WQ.
If your carpets look and smell and feel like they've had a real workout.
In other words, not so great.
Here's the answer for you.
One simple call to my good friends at Dallamaatris.
At Dallamaatris, did I say that?
Yeah, that's what you said.
At Dallamaatris, they'll give you the number for dry concepts.
Well, I should go to show my mind is just...
Yeah.
1-800-248-507-1 for dry concepts.
I've been using my home for over 22 years.
And you should be doing it too.
Because they're the best in the business of what they do.
I mean, Dallamaatris is great at what they do, but they don't clean your carpets.
Dry concepts do do that.
They dry clean them and they make them look and feel and smell just like brand new.
They suck out the deep down dirt, wait on her and the fibers are your carpet.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
And they'll perform a miracle on your floor.
Nobody does it better.
So for your carpeting, your drapes, your expensive area,
your rug's an oriental rug, your upholstery, your leather furniture.
Dry concepts are the people you want to be calling.
If you have problems with pet odors or mild odors,
cause by water damage again, they'll perform that miracle and make them all be just like brand new.
Call them today. Do yourself a favor.
You'll love the way they do business with you.
Dry concepts 1-800-248-507-1
are logged onto their website at dryconcepts.com
And don't forget, when you call dry concepts,
you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
My, my, and local.
This is 420-560-2-A-
Oh, what the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But sir, what we've done with New York City Times Square for the second street.
Hang on.
Raymond!
Raymond!
Turn off the vacuum cleaner, Raymond.
Get that blue bird out of here.
OK, boss.
I, sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
40 Seconds Street is incredible.
I know what, publicly, I supported that.
But you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gabbling scum like kids.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Listen to me, but much.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Loan's stitch.
$128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin my whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
I'm in my way.
Hang on a minute.
The big, huge dog.
Raymond!
Yeah, boss.
You've got blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
Playing yourself up or having a safe.
And head off the vacuum cleaner.
OK, boss.
Good God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movie.
There's 60 years old.
Why don't you just put steamboat willing on it?
Please don't want it.
Please don't.
Make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Loan's stitch.
And now we have the new M Night Shummel
on movie coming out later this summer.
I know.
Signs.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign yields sign.
You've got to expect swing in some of these titles past me.
Please.
Raymond.
Raymond.
Hey, Raymond.
I know you can hear me.
Raymond.
Yes, sir.
I'm on the vacuum cleaner.
Here's the muddle.
I'm running for that.
Get out of here, Raymond.
Don't take that blow, sir.
Oh, all right.
I, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done with you, sir.
I'll put Hannah Starr in your job.
But sir, I'm not terrible.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I put Raymond in there.
I do like it.
They present it at Disney, Raymond.
That's how you're meant.
What a wonderful day.
Get out of here, you nutbag.
Let me feel you on a 95.
Let me feel you.
Trump's 21 at 5.60 WDQ AM.
They don't give a crap about Hillary.
Although I did just open up to a page.
You know, have you ever done that?
Yeah.
Just open up to a page in a book they haven't read yet.
And on page 263, she talks about the fact that, um,
let's see, the newsly article curved the orphanages debate.
But the atmosphere grew stranger after Gingrich's mother
who was thinking she was speaking off the record folks,
Connie Chung, in a televised interview
that her son, regular, referred to me as a bitch.
But we already knew that.
Yeah.
In fact, I remember talking about that on the air at the time.
And she decided to ignore the latest ronder bluster
and tried different type with Gingrich.
She said a handwritten note inviting him
in his family on a tour of the White House.
A few weeks later, Gingrich's then wife, Mary Ann,
his sister Susan and his mother joined me for the tour.
Apart from the fact that it happened at all,
the visit wasn't memorable.
Say for one brief exchange, Rob, we were having tea
in the red room.
Looking around at the period furniture,
Gingrich began pontificating about American history.
His wife soon interrupted him.
You know, he'll go on and on whether he knows
what he's talking about or not, Mary Ann said.
Gingrich's mother quickly jumped to his defense.
Newtie is a historian.
She said, Newtie always knows what he's talking about.
Isn't that great?
Newtie.
Newtie.
I like those Newties a little fruity.
And maybe doing a little tooty.
You never know.
Hypocrite, a last hole.
Look at the way he wiggle off the hook,
and Mary Ann, by the way, with the wife who died of cancer
in the hospital while he was out screwing around
and then came for her to sound the divorce papers.
While she was on her deathbed.
All these right-wing assholes, man,
all the hypocrites, so little time.
What happened when that priest started?
Did we get that on our website today?
Well, no.
What priest started?
The Toronto priest.
Did you send it to me in the stories?
Yes, I did.
Here it is.
It was number 15 on your list on a hip parade.
So it's going to be one of the last ones up.
Or you haven't put them all on yet?
That's what happens when you show up at 9.55
and you're standing outside.
Five minutes puffing on a faggot out there in a goddamn parking lot
when you should be in there working your ass off.
Now, you know what?
You didn't get paid today?
He's going to beat me up, he says.
That shouldn't take much.
You were talking about that before the show started.
What's that?
It's a pan.
It's about the cigarettes.
Well, let's see, you take a crap.
I'll never wait for the show.
He takes crap in the middle of his day.
He's there 730 in the morning, 2.5 hours before the show.
And I eat the ham.
He doesn't come waddling in like two minutes before
because he's been hanging out in the parking lot, puffing on a goddamn bunch of Winston-Tays good like a faggot should.
He just has to walk through the camera when I was walking in with a cigarette in my head.
Are you smoking candles, by the way?
No marble good. I didn't see you all the other worst. Yeah, he's smoking Marlboro's
I don't worry about him. He'll be dead pretty soon pretty sure Marlboro's are bad and regular coke
I just read a thing about that over the weekend
I read this and crap about which cigarettes are like really the worst in nicotine and just gonna kill you like real
National and painful to got right urine and elderly Roman Catholic priest will face 26 separate sex related charges when he appears in a
Cape Bretton court room this month. This is antigenation Nova Scotia
You ever been there? She had right? I don't think anybody has three of the charges against Hugh Vincent McDonald 80 of it transferred to my
Tinketish from there to Sydney he'll appear in court June 19
And it charges go back to the 50s and 60s 23 other charges when he was serving in the imperishes in a new waterferdin
Sydney and
Yadi yadi yadi oh and the first of allegations would have made against him sexual abuse and a suicide note of David Martin a 39 year old
DC contractor killed himself April 2002 nice going father nice going pops
Love his scumbag
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line 101 people say Hillary's an opportunist. I don't see small potatoes on there
do you?
No, didn't I suggest that was another great category for Hillary with small potatoes?
I think that's perfect. I send it up to well, he didn't put it on there. Okay, so the two of you are spading again
269 votes. What's your best description of Hillary Clinton?
opportunist 104
Ice Prince is 42 brilliant 35 carpet bagger 28 the devil 26 just like Tony, Matole the devil
She's not George W 23 a lightweight 14 and squishy three
So our categories that we voted for came in the last and next to last because I voted for lightweight and you said squishy. Yeah
Oh
Got it. I got to turn the book over on the back. Oh, look at that. It's even worse. It's got a whole bunch of pictures over on there
But at least there's smaller pictures not like the big one where she's like staring right at you. Don't you hate pictures like that? Yeah
Like the one we used to have a WKAT Frank Katzentine the founder of the station huge picture on a wall in that big old studio
Well that gigantic grand piano and the eyes. I used to swear that the eyes on that picture moved
You used to follow your ass right around the room
One good piece of news about that though about Frank Katzentine
He died. Oh, yeah long before then and you call us. He's dead too. She's pushing up daisies
You know what a man's considering a hero placement is great is concerned is how natural it looks
Can other people tell things like that?
Boy then another one of these P.O. Tristradford no wonder
You can always spot a bad hair system
But how many good ones go unnoticed because you think it's the real thing
Chuck Alphiery is designed and supplied hair systems to show business celebrities for more than 35 years
And has appeared as a guest on good morning America that the day shows CBS Morning News introducing his patented
Natural Airlines system because it's the most amazing one in the world at an unbeatable price right now
Chuck Alphiery is offering his summer special hair system for only
549 bucks for first-time customers and service and repair on all types of hair systems of putting shampoo and trim for only 50 bucks
Where can you get trim for 50 bucks?
I'll tell you Charles Alphiery is guaranteed you to try
Oh, seriously try so how have they got if you ever do this again
I'm gonna take those naked pictures and send them to the herald in the Sun sentinel
Try my try my his hair system. This is the worst piece of soil. I have ever seen in my life as an excuse
And you've got it is about a pair of copy of this somewhere under something systems
S.Y.T. M.E.S. and then then that's one of the best lines in this thing
Anyway, try it for 30 days if you don't love the way looks and feels and smells return it for a full refund or just get
All your hair chopped off like Troy Stratford make sure they don't take the brain out this time
Jesus Christ Roy brains were dangerous. You'd be as safe as home plate
Chuck Alphiery the benchmark of the hair industry can help you out
So forget about those mouthy looking wigs like Moe is got on his head forget about holes in your head and dangerous pills
Get yourself a great looking head hair and look younger and better than you ever dreamed again
Which Chuck Alphiery column tool free and tell the Troy Stratford's of Puts by the way
1-800-321-2413 when you look at Troy the first thing you think is what that would he know about here
1-800-321-2413 or log out to Charlie's world famous website Charles Alphiery.com
You in
But we've already taken drugs this morning. We do have a lot
We need more and that's what this meeting and these announcements are about
We need to ask also why aren't we doing drugs with other drugs?
I remember more than 30 years ago
I was exposed to some of the greatest
drugs in the country
So I know firsthand from 30 years than my own behalf and watching experts
So I hope that all of us will see this as a beginning and that we will be even more committed to drugs. Thank you all very much
Oh
I don't see small potatoes on it pull. I'm starting to get really pissed off and fired up, you know
I'll give them a call
Give them a call and ask what all he's doing okay interrupt some of his branches and lunches and other feedings
Okay, I mean how long would it take to put small potatoes on there?
In fact, you probably shouldn't call them mentioned small potatoes because if we mention potatoes
See what I'm saying
Yeah, where you go to be like a sublipable suggestion
See those people who say they don't like a lot of these movies we've talked about recommend for dream and magnolia and
A whole bunch of these other ones
Uh, my mentor
Every time I hear that you know what I think I think I don't eat and McDonald's that's the first thing that comes to my mind
I
Mean when your opinion agrees with the masses then you know your opinion
sucks your taste is in your tush
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How are you great?
Good. I have to tell you I'm in now the call the time I'm in sales and every time I hear that I fear bit
I almost drive off the road really really they are the funniest stuff because you can just see Mickey just
Chew it on some eyes. They're like that. Oh, I know. I know right
Listen with Jordan last one got caught earlier right it's in case you're funny
He's right at his gay the whole thing is gay and it's got some funny parts in it
But it's half the time if I put him on watching this for you'll you like it just have a rainy afternoon
In other words when it's the last possible thing you could do yes, sir. That's the one
If you put the last seat out of your butt
With regard to Hillary in the survey is there like an all of the above and one to check? No
No, that might be a thought too because she seems to fit all those different descriptions. I just couldn't get over that
Okay, the last one last thing go ahead
Did you see the thing about the gay bishop and you have to put your fiscal terms on our website this weekend, right?
I'd like to what the guy said this morning. I want to be known as a bishop who is gay not the gay bishop
He said he was the first gay bishop since Anne is what he said have a great day
You know, I'm looking at these pictures on the back of these swallery book
And I don't I hate to say this well, I don't hate to say because it's the truth
I've said it before but I'll say it again
Chelsea Clinton could be the ugliest woman in the history of the human race
Um
Now the hair you do understand because we've talked about this before that the hair the whole frizzy hair thing she got that from mommy
Because any upper left hand corner of the back cover is a picture of bill and in fact bills here was like that too that frizzy kind of
I don't know how you describe that other than frizzy
But back when he and Hillary were frizz dating
And she first got a look at that crooked twisted purple penis
Both of their hair was like that frizzy uh do you know
But then you and then in fact there's a picture in the upper right hand corner of bill with a beard and it really looked like a hippie
Must've been back when he was uh not in the hell in it but like checking it out and then she oh if you could see this picture of Hillary
I mean
There are no words to describe you must see this
When you go into a bookstore don't buy the book of course, but you've got to take a look at this picture on the back cover
Geek she is an absolute geek
Geek
With glasses and a squinty look and with the long nasty hair she is a geek
But anyway, and then of course there's a whole bunch of pictures with them with the Chelsea on here
So Chelsea started to do that mommy and daddy do
And she just stuck with it
And I'm thinking about stuff. Well if she did something better with her hair would she look any better? No
She is downright gruesome looking and then I think back a couple of years ago back when he was still in the office
And she was a date and at the kid with all the money remember that
Yeah, actually wasn't all that bad looking especially for her but anyway in the uh the tabloids writing about sex pod Hillary
uh
I mean uh Chelsea sex pod Chelsea
Whoo
Scary in it
Yeah
Fives I bet you even clearance wouldn't touch that you know even somebody as desperate as clearance would not touch
Chelsea walker in front of them
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hold on your feet. Let me hear
What do you know what you say? How you doing? Hey pretty good man
Uh, do you think they want to talk to you about
Let's go with movies. Have you seen I mentioned it a few weeks back
Yeah, keep that in the background. That's nice. Um, I am Sam
No, okay, I don't know if you like retard movies, but it's a very good one
No, I really don't a brain man was good. I mean, that's a terrible term a retard movie, you know, mean, you mean like Tom Hanks
No, I know, but I am Sam is actually very very very very good. I recommend it. Um another movie
Love the lower compassion which is now Alexander have you seen it? No, it's actually pretty good. It's a fag movie
I didn't know uh, I was getting all these fag movies called in here man
I don't want to see I mean talented mr. Ripley was faggy enough and then what they uh rules of attraction it more than enough
Faggery in it. We're seeing the best parts. You got drug movies. You got fag movies. That's the uh
That's pretty much it. You're right. Yeah, you know what I'm saying and then you got like crime and violent movies with a lot of uh shooting in the crap
Special effects. Yeah, well check out a little more compassion. They're now exanders in it
I watched it a while back because you didn't I thought it was funny, but it's uh he plays this queen and there's uh
A lot of gratuitous manility. I couldn't finish watching because it was too much. You mean oh right. I might like it
Yeah, you might um another thing. I want to complain about calm cats
Anybody out there who's thinking of getting crap cats don't do it. It's the worst the absolute worst garbage
It's it's it's just terrible
Okay, I'm another thing
The modes of picture I thought it's very funny very very good
And it's a masterpiece
It's a masterpiece. It really is you know for a while. I've been thinking um is the whole thing
Between you guys and moe. It's just the thicker if you guys really hate him like poison and um
You know three times when I went over to treasure island. I've uh they had a picture of mo
And the things that George and being a boy were doing to that poor picture mo. It's uh yeah, it's definitely
It's definitely clear that uh, yeah, they don't be liking him. I can't imagine they could have done it
Just like with Chelsea. I can't imagine anything they could do to a picture of either one of them that could make it look any worse
I'll just tell you that they stuck their figure somewhere making it dance anyway
Welcome let's be oh yeah, what's the closing yes
What's the stuff to man? Okay?
Yeah, I'm kind of rambling. I'm gonna you're out
What was such we know man
Hey, can I eat right on the label? All right
Oh
What was that woman said before about suck on that sweet crack? I thought was you guys talking about that story in the essence of suck on that sweet crack
Down
You talk with fucking sweet
Oh
Wow
I'm emotionally drained
Chris from bulk of facts is over 90% of the people pulled on the Fox News website believe that Iraq had a weapons of mass destruction program and
That evidence will be found
As Neil says what's the point of trying to convince American people of anything?
They're just as dumb as dirt and more than willing to be manipulated by their leaders
It's just one less thing they need to do every day namely think for themselves the party is taking care of all that for them
Resisting mind controllers unpatriotic breed work prey and goose step says Chris from Boko who is absolutely
We're supporting you five six
Oh
Why wonder wonder
Oh
We dropped the bomb
Whoa little alley please like our now a stump
Let's thank the boy for making gas cheaper at the pump
Oh
Wonder
We dropped the bomb
First you brainwash the public to push like a guy
Then you hide back to US for all your work. Everybody's to get anything you want you conquer them and tell them
Give democracy a chance
Then you feel the genius plunder for oil water and natural gas. Oh, why wonder wonder
Why we drop the bomb
What you did baby
They did it suffer long
We sure show them a thing or two my country right or wrong
Oh, I wonder wonder
I'm dying over here
I wonder why
We got the bomb
1245 at 560 WDQM here's a list must see movies. No, did you peruse this before you thanks then to he he yeah because
Boy talk about batting almost a hundred they got one the abyss
Which I don't know from that. It's a science fiction movie. It's okay. It's really long. How long when it's actually the better one
Yeah, I mean, it's okay by any let me tell you from a lot of experience the long one is not necessarily always the better one
The devil's advocate Al Pacino never saw it. I heard it sucked good scenes. That's that really overall
It's not a great movie, but it's got good scenes like the scene. There's a scene at the end where you seen it
Yeah, the devil's talking to a Keato and it's an incredible speech now is the devil played by Hillary Clinton in that
Yeah, let's see the devil's daughter the devil's brother your mama
The devil's advocate. I heard it to mama. Tom. Yeah, Tom. Yeah devil's advocate two and a half of bones
Forget the actors this film begins belongs to cinematographer
Bartoyak and production designer Bruno Rubio who offer a lush rich look that's very enticing
O'Kiana Reeves is in it
Yeah, what are the problems? I see I know
But you know, relic is his show a rule Reeves is earnest and the visual effects pretty pride some much needed jewels based on the novel by Andrew neederman
I'll I'll wait breakdown Kurt Russell
Never thought oh the Kurt Russell's one of my least favorite people. I was saving prior Ryan Tom hangs. Yeah, one of my very
Favorite people for second run Mel Gibson one of my very very very
animated movie and a bad one at that well, why would I want to see that you wouldn't it says must see movie
Yeah, and then red corner with Richard Beckham here. Oh, I don't think so
Saving private Ryan was very very good. It's really even with Tom Hanks eating it
After he started taking himself seriously, that was the end of him for me because he I don't I can't take it
He makes me nauseous. He doesn't hurt the movie at all really really
Saving per line. Oh, I know what had Ray reviewed so am I looking up here in this gigantic book that I've got
Oh look at a set of a woman two and a half bones. I like this book see everybody else raved around it. This is out of four
Send of a woman sucked I wouldn't I wouldn't give them my bone for that movie. I'll tell you yeah, piece of crap
Sent of a woman based on novel by Giovanni Arpino
Wait a minute. Is that is that the one? Oh, no, see that's the original one they gave the one with Al Pacino three bones. Oh, I hate this book
I'm taking it back. What am I looking up with Tom Hanks saving private Ryan? Yes. Here's the satanic rights of Dracula two bones. Oh
And Venerable I should point out here the original Dracula with a Bella LaGosi the 1932 version has three bones
Right and one that you've been hyping what the hell is it called?
bronze stoker and graham stoker's Dracula
Two two bones. Oh, that's okay. You're a bone short
Gary old old dumb is the one that made that movie old man old man
I'm just laying out. I'm just gonna sit here. Let the two of you fight it out. What am I looking for saving private Ryan?
Savage Island savage weekend save the tiger saving private Jessica saving silverman
Saving the lady
See where the hell is it? There's so much saving going on here that everybody ought to be rich by now
I don't see oh here it is four bones saving Ryan's four bones. Yeah, okay
I guess I'll have to get it. Huh? What's it about?
Oh world world were two d-day
I'm not watching it. It's good. 5 6 7 0 5 6 D. I've seen enough horror movies for one lifetime
Okay, that's why I don't want to see anymore holocaust movies. I don't want to see no more ww 2 movies. I don't want to see more of that crap
Okay, got it got it
So you should see that
Saving private Ryan. Why is that good? Good
Really good
pound five sixty on the AT&T well first of all I got about a half a dozen years that I haven't seen yet including train spotting
Which from what you're telling me I gotta see train spotting right after the show
Right, I obviously it again. It was a long time ago and I was really fake and equilibrium
I'm curious about that review. We got to have the one with the gun movie that the
Vienerboy talked me into getting what's that guy we have the gun and I have the gun haven't seen it
Okay, moving right along. Here's a call from Tallahassee. Hello
Uh, hey Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, what's up? I got a cold movie. I got to see one is a big Lebowski
What is it? A big Lebowski by the Cohen brothers. Yeah, it's a Fargo real funny movie
And another couple movies by this guy named Wes Anderson
One of them is called Royal Pan-Bomb
With Gene Hackman and
Yeah, somebody mentioned that I got it on my list. Oh, yeah, you gotta see that and another older one that he did is called bottle rocket
I just seen that a couple weeks ago. I thought it was
hilarious
So oh, okay, all right
All right, thanks. Thanks. All right
Okay, I got a growing list here. It's gonna cost me about $50 million to buy all these guy then movies
But I don't care when you got the big bus you got to put it out there in the economy, eh?
Especially with all this crap going on here now the big Lebowski
You might want to put that towards the end of the list. Oh, why is that very strange, but not that necessarily in a good way
um
It's it looks like they did it just for the visuals
Uh, very very strange that an acid movie
Oh an acid movie. Yeah, is there air there any movies without drugs, fags, uh, guns
All of these things. Is there any movie that's ever been made lately and last but here's without that
Let's see magnetic naughty. Well, yeah, we had the uh that was a great scene Henry Gibson
Oh
And the bar. Mm-hmm. See you don't appreciate as much as I did it was hysterical. It was great. It was sensational
Where the whiskey is trying to let come out of the bar 10 quiz
Quit out the quiz kid
Well, we used to call him the whiskey, but you're right. He was the quiz kid
And if he could just if he could just get those goddamn braces, you know, if there's anything that would do it for him
He'll be like Chelsea. I think she already had braces. Yeah, she knew she had braces did it help no now
She still is ugly is uh
There's a picture of her in this swallery book
I might as well get some use out of this thing
There's many pictures, but there's one page three uh anybody else that bought a 371 the pictures that are in the book
There's two sections of pictures the ones that are back there including the one in the tea room with Madeline Albright and the Hillary Clinton
Madeline by the way has got ring around the uh collar and ring around the eyes
But she looks nasty
But anyway on the bottom right hand corner picture number 71
There's a picture of swallery whose laughing around had something
He must have just seen those pictures of Bubba's penis and there's Chelsea standing in front of her
And I'm gonna tell you that picture right there says it all
I mean hold it up so we can see you see it oh
Wow
Oh my god wow
He is not of this world. Chelsea Clinton. I'll tell you that right now as much as I like Bubba
But this daughter of his I don't know what it's all about
Here's the call from Jake yield b. Chillio
Neil
Yes sir?
Right. Let's right off we train spot on Story Booby. I got it in my hand right now
And the other thing it looks like this kid on the camera sweating up a storm here
Herald
I'm going.
Huh?
Oh, that's been different.
It's all the same, but.
Are you on the theater sawers?
I beg your pardon.
We're back.
Theater sawers.
Peter Sellers.
Peter Sellers.
Yeah, I love theater sawers.
There's a movie called The Party.
You definitely have to see it.
It's the film god, there's fun.
Never heard of it.
I think I saw it like a hundred years ago.
Yeah, it's all the movie, but it's really, really fun.
Okay.
Got it, pal.
Five, six, six, seven.
Oh, five, six, six, six.
So this is an honor one of those drug movies trans spotting.
Well, I already knew that because in the back it says the motion picture sensation that
wild critics and audiences nationwide trans spotting delivers a wild mix of rebellious
action and wicked humor.
The story of four friends is they try to make it the world on their own terms and who
will end up planning the ultimate scam powered by an outstanding cast of rising young stars
including Emma's you and McGregor and high energy soundtrack.
Trans spotting is spectacitor, groundbreaking entertainment.
Because that's what it says on the sleeve.
Oh, the soundtrack is amazing.
Is it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, if you're so stone out of your mind, how do you remember?
I remember that.
It's amazing.
The few things that I do remember the crazy details.
And one thing speaking to remember, don't forget to put all those additional movies that
I've faxed George's morning for my list since you've got me a day late in 60 movie short.
Since you guys can sort it behind my back to put that thing on there and left me a hanging
holding the sack.
George made me like that would be the first time.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, the idea to see what George brought you in there for.
You don't understand this.
Not on you.
George brought you in to be his quizzling.
Right.
Because you both speak the same language.
You both got off the banana boat, you know.
You're supposed to be his quizzling.
He would shield his scapegoat.
So the fact that you know you got on that website thing and just transcended his wildest dreams,
this obviously is irritating, which is why he never fails to remind us that the rest
of the building, he hates you for that.
Say.
Just clean.
And also a mess with your time sheets so he can get paid today.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I think I'm going to want some frogs and toads fall out of the sky this afternoon.
Just going to sit under my balcony and look up in the sky and wait for that toad to fall.
That's not too far off from when those first two fall on his side.
I don't want to spoil the scene, but there is a and just making difference.
You can watch it over and over again in Magnolia and when him frogs it, wow.
You just jolt right up out of your seat.
Here's a call from Pinecrest.
Hello.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, you guys just here.
Were talking about the hockey dance?
I was.
Hockey from New Zealand.
Oh, George was hockeying about that with his buddy there, that Danny guy.
Danny Danny.
I'm a big rugby fan.
I got a couple of videos really.
The hockey going on before the game starts.
Really?
Yeah, if you wanted to check that out.
Neil can put you on hold.
OK.
Hold on.
I put it on hold.
I got him off here anyway.
Oh, and that's right up there with me with the Iron Chef.
Let's see.
Jimmy says you should add a Thorn in the Republic inside your list to the Hillary list.
Do we get a small potatoes on there?
Yeah, small potatoes already has got four.
See, I knew that would go over big.
Does that what Hyman Ross said that she was small potatoes?
Something like that.
It says it drove them nuts when she came up with an answer to the healthcare crisis in
93.
The Republicans were so outraged that the wife or president of the ABABA.
But guy that caught earlier that hate salary because his insurance is so high is a blithering
idiot who should be taken out of the other grades and professionally beaten for plan
with shot down because it stepped on too many corporate toes, namely pharmaceutical
and HMO companies have had passed that smegma eating jerk wouldn't have to worry about
healthcare it caused and neither would anybody else live in the US.
But it didn't pass.
I see that's the point and she just dropped it there and I was the end of it.
Then they laughed and said she'd get no votes when she ran for the Senate and they really
got pissed when she won with 64% of the vote.
And then it says here, look at this at the end.
You know what it says on the bottom of this fact?
It says, yeah, and like that, they're scared.
Well, I would agree with them with that.
She's scared them.
She's scary.
Not as scary looking as their daughter, but she's very scary.
Wouldn't you not agree?
Oh, absolutely.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
I think that's a good way to come up with that.
Yeah, how you know from house to house and under it there are ups.
You've got a day to spend all those white house months.
If you still need convincing to me why to see a day or the other does a lie in front.
So many times just click on the button and let me know if you're ready.
Passing now what is that is that is that the a prairie dog is that what they said is a spread that right
Well, you don't see no prairie dogs in Florida, no armadillos
You've got no prairie that could be the problem. We've got lots of possums. Oh watch out for that possum pox
And I've created the worst one that's coming out here next year is cool pox
Big Al says a my pick for musty movies is gladiator with Russell Crowe. I
Trotos all the way do have that it is it really yeah
I don't know if I'm not a procious, but I think it was great gladiator
Now what's the deal with Russell Crowe? It was being a boy that talked me into walked in to go by and watch it yet
It's yeah, I have so many to still to watch right a beautiful mind which has got rave you've used I think it's got about 80 bones in that book
I give it a big damn good because I'm not a big Russell Crowe fan. He just add enough
There's just a certain handful of these actors about four five or six of them time hanks Russell Crowe Mel Gibson
Uh, oh, you know who's pretty good? I give up in in the movie Donnie Darko is Patrick Swazie. Oh, yeah, he bugs me because he plays a real asshole
Oh, perfect. He didn't I know that I'm thinking you don't have to act too much
In fact, one of the reviews I read online about Donnie Darko. That's exactly what the person said is that Patrick Swazie usually drives them right out of the theater
But in this particular case, he was perfect for the part and did a good job
What she did it was a fine movie except for the last five or ten minutes. Why do they do that to you?
It was riveting it kept your attention the acting was fine
And I'll say it again Drew Barrymore was excellent. She was very good not a big part, but she was excellent
And another one of these goofball fathers that it was kind of like a more serious, you know the father in American pie
Right kind of along those lines like when when the kid told the teacher the principal to stick it up his ass or whatever
And he like blurted he did you know just blurted out laughing, but
Kind of dad that a lot of people would like to have, you know
So if you have a good dad, it's father's day this Sunday go out and get him a million bucks
You do something nice because there are so few of them around here
Most fathers are assholes. I don't know why that is either, but although my father's dead. Yeah
All right
My name lived till 90 though. I've said that that was really something
And on the fifth of July my oh and my mother speaking to my mother who will be
I don't want to say 90 because that would be bad
I see why would she care about my talking about her age on here when you get to a certain point what there?
It's just a make ought to be proud right
Now guess what she's back on that she used as a girl. I was very effective for and she's taken it again
My mother would like the whole world to know that she's taken X-LAC!
Oh
Neckrate
I'll kill some more better now
That is her number one hobby and past time and obsession is ball movements
Don't you know that gotta have something
Now speaking of ball movements there's a scene in
In what you haven't seen it yet rules of attraction. Okay. There's a scene in that movie when James Vanderbeek is sitting on the can
And I don't want to watch it again because he does some strange things and reaches back
And I don't know that I really ever saw pull any don't go there
No, that's what I'm saying. It's a very disgusting bizarre scene. I don't want to look at it again because I'm uh huh? Yeah
Neither one of you have seen the movie yet so no comment
You might want to like fast forward you're scaring me you're scaring me away from
Because he reaches back and I don't ever see him like pull any paper off of that role, you know
Yeah, we know he's doing the number. Oh
But it's kind of like he I don't know. I don't know what he's second for it
Maybe he's checking for like maybe like Joan Crawford did in mommy dearest. He was checking for hangers
Dingleberries
Hangers clings we got a lot of those a lot of hangers on of QAM. Here's a call from my any hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am
Hi, uh, well first of all about rules of attraction right? I think the movie would have been a lot better if in
Summerhalter would have lost the pillow in that scene where he's in the room with James Vanderbeek
Yeah, I'll agree with that lose the pillow. Oh, yeah, that was great. Okay
Couple of things first of all did you know that Russell Crowe was in a fag movie? No
Yes called the sum of us
F-U-M
It's an Australian movie. I think it might have been his first movie. I'll be damned
Uh now that somebody called before and I wasn't gonna call but when he said love the lure compassion
I literally drove off the road. It's love valor compassion. Oh
Well, he's the little one here. He didn't do too good in school, you know
Not even close. Okay, you know
So the little wait a minute don't just brush on by because these guys haven't seen rules of attraction yet
What's your take? What would you give it?
Uh, well the first time I thought I thought it was a waste of a good two hours really and then I went back and saw it again
And I I could look at Ian Summerhalter the whole movie and not focus on anything else
Those eyes just kill me
Yeah
You ever see somebody in a role and no matter what role you ever see them in after that
They're always the same oh
Absolutely. Yes, oh, we lot of people you ever see a movie called the adventures of Priscilla Queen of the desert no
hysterical Australian drag queen movie
Now picture this parent stamp as a transsexual. Oh, I did see that I saw that. Okay the two other
drag queens are Hugo weaving who's in the matrix right and guy pierced who's in momentum right that was a girl
What I ever see Hugo weaving in I always see the headdress uh-huh
I can't see him that there's anything else except a drag queen on top of the bus with the with the
Headdress on mm-hmm. It's gonna be really tragic
Couple of other things because I know I don't have long uh
There's poor Ian, but I'll carry that pillow around with him all the time now
Yeah, snatch the movie yes, it's terrible
Absolute I guess I better put that down if nothing else the scene in the gypsy camp when they have the fight
Is the gypsy their knuckle boxers what Brad Pitt plays you can't understand a word that he is
Exactly that's exactly perfect
And I hate to say this because I hate the woman like poison yeah according to all the
Eight human rights campaign literature that I've been sent
Iliana Ross latent and has a wonderful record on gay issues. Oh
Thank you
Let's don't change anything for me right. I still hate the woman me to have a great day. I have a good day
Say hi to Ian. Okay. Oh, yeah. Wait till you see that scene there
There's a lot of thumping in the yankin and
I got to that part
What I thought you didn't see rules of attraction
And that's it
Remember and then something came up and uh never came on again. Yeah, something came up out of the pillow too
evidently, which is what got him gone and then his uh good buddy who we liked a lot dick
That dance on a uh, well, I don't want to go in on a spoiler for nobody. How's that pool coming with poor Hillary
I'm still wondering what James Vanderbick was doing on a can
Yeah, I wish I wouldn't have brought that up
yummy to
It well, let me just put it this way. It wasn't the ordinary activities you'd be doing after tidying up
You know, it was something uh anyway, which of these do you think best describes Hillary Clinton? We're asking
Poor Hillary although she beat if you tune in late we took a preliminary poll on the first star
Which we sometimes do she beat George W. Bush 71 to 29 percent
Like that if they were running head-to-head nose-to-nose today any election right now
395 votes
Hillary and opportunist 134 ice princess 60
Brilliant 59 she's not George W. 41 the devil 38 carpet bagger 33
lightweight 16 small potatoes 9 see I told you if that would have been on the beginning would have like triple digits and
Squishy only five only five consider her to be squishy. I would say Chelsea is squishy
I mean
Oh, you don't want it hook it with a stick. Am I right about her? Is that just me? Maybe it's
I don't know I don't know anybody that thinks the anything she is not just I mean a lot of us are ugly
I'm ugly you know certain people in that place are ugly. I want to mention beener boy
But uh she is really I mean in a leak of her own
So let's see I got snatched down I
Shouldn't have said that so close to Hillary and
I got snatched on my list now. What was the other one I'm supposed to see that?
Not on this list
usual suspects
Yeah, right? Yes
Talk about those who talk about endings. Okay, and very good good
Because also and I you know I was having a one call to the to refute Donnie Dercaux
Excellent flick up till the last ten minutes and then just and and unlike Magnolia or anything else the ending in this particular case
Just absolutely was devastating just destroyed just idiotic inane
But this whole deal now when I started to talk about this before with movies like backward
You know going backward like the momentum thing and uh and then of course the credits rolling backward
It's
Isn't it kind of like obvious when somebody's ripping somebody else off? It's not really their idea. Yeah. Oh
Kind of like when castor over uses one of our other things
113 at 560 Wtq. I mean, oh barbecues galores got an exceptional and unbeatable selection of grills
Then you can only find in their stores because nobody else has got them
This week check out their incredible deal on the three-burner barbecues chef
It's a barbecues galore exclusive and it's only 199 bucks with 42,000 BTUs a 625 square inch cooking area
And a built-in hood thermometer you just can't beat this deal with a stick for a liquid propane grill
And for all you traditionalists out there check out their new beef master charcoal grill
Another barbecues galore exclusive this one's only 199 bucks with more than 600 square inches of cooking space
Cast iron cooking grills and adjustable fire grate and a full width ash catcher both these grills will make a perfect gift for farm
This day too and speaking of farm this day barbecues galores got great gift ideas for that
And all price ranges many of them for under 50 bucks for your sluppers out there like George and Beener boy
Barbecues galore carries the biggest selection of barbecues and accessories including
Gans charcoal smokers tailgate supplies all at the guaranteed lowest prices and also take advantage
No payments him as cash financing until January
2000th throw on approved credit you'll find our stores in plantation university driving a fountain shopping center and a coral springs
Corner of sample and rock island roads. You can't be to anywhere for selection and for price everything
You need for barbecuing waiting at these two great stores barbecues galore
I'm in local
Here sports video five cities you and you a m
Oh
Welcome back to the other day. Hey, take me over there
There
What are you more? I'm looking down the hallway
I knew look I'm waving at him, but he acts like you don't see me
You it's me how you doing?
What are you nuts? I approach no one I got nothing to say to him anyway
What a healthy thing he is that Wang non swish I got better things to do
I could just my feet back here
Ages so
You know I got some here to make it feel better. Yeah sure you do. How really here step into my time machine time machine
Would you get that I got it on two things okay
Over here
By the way stop
Where you're coming
I must be in the 1930s or something
For the time war I go and poke a prize look. Hey watch where you're going. I see here
When he talks to me like that you know who I am. I'm Mo ho how it david
You can't be mo how it I'm oh how it is only one mo how it and that's me pal
Why I made my post when you were going doodle-dining now all right guy hey
How many fingers I got out
Take a close look I'm oh how are they tell you so you're more how
That's right
Hey
Well just crazy cut up your moron. I see here. They bring me. Oh you call it. They bring why all have you know
I'm a well-respected sports guest up from a prepower today. Oh is that so yeah
That's right for your information. I'm a parkologist says you go come here. I'll show you hey
Why do you think it's okay
I'm back in alley. I'm not having a pretty good time. Oh all right get his pen now. Are you sure
I said get his best out what he's gonna give me a hard time to go
That's why you why you
Why you why you why you why you why you why you why you why you why you why you why you why you
Don't don't don't don't want to get five sixty w.w.q.a.m
Don't forget the new mozo show not ready for prime time with guilty five to eight in the end preceding for all in a radio
This is from rich packed with this one. You know she's not signing anymore
But I recognize the writing says I don't think you'd like to roll ten in bombs
But it was hilarious not your taste though. I don't think I tried watching it once and couldn't get through it
Uh-huh. What's it about? It's just a mishmash
Well what does that mean it's just a myth?
Anthological kind of thing not unlike happiness and magnolia, but it wasn't working for me. So I bailed. Oh
But you will like the limey
No you want or the limey the one no you want
Not much to it. Steven Spielberg with Terence stamp Peter Fonder Leslie and Warren very good. The Spielberg was responsible for that
I thought it was just here the limey boring that was independent snoozer. No Steven Sutterberg. Oh
Your handwriting is so bad. We're checking her read it
The limey's bad boring
Yeah, Simone says please let me know that when he watches the movie snatched
There is an Easter egg to get some titles for when Brad Pitt speaks wow
That's good. Yeah, I know I need to go get that yeah
Also P.S. Simone says unbreakable with Bruce Willis snag not for you
Can't stand Bruce Willis he gives me the heebie jibis
But I will watch snatched and I'll check on the Easter eggs. See if you go on at ex.com
And then you click on because they're Easter eggs on computers and on TV all but if you just click on movies and then on DVDs
Uh, it's got the whole list
At least what they've discovered see I still don't understand that if I buy a product
You know it reminds me of if I went to a restaurant
Right and I paid like 1295 for lunch, okay? All right, and my lunch consisted of a cheeseburger with dill pickle and coleslaw
And fries, okay? Did this for example right? Right in the stand and
And somebody said well, you know if you look in the basket under the rolls, right?
There's some hidden stuff in there that nobody else knows about but if you if you go on this website
You'll find out about what else is in your lunch that nobody else would know to eat right? We're hiding the mince under there
Right we're hiding something
It's like remember the logic in this. I mean you're you're manufacturing something
I'm spending my 26 or 30 bucks or 20 bucks whatever for a DVD
Just as much as the next computer nerd that goes out and gets it
Why should that person be able to see a bunch of stuff on there that I shouldn't unless I'm in part of this cult
Same as the like the back masking that they put on records for a while there the hidden message backwards just to create hype like this is doing
To get people to go out and buy it
To discover the secret message. But how many people have ever heard of this? I never heard of it. I need to do
right seriously
But until we started talking movies we never heard about no Easter eggs. Well now everybody knows
Yeah, all 30 of our listeners know about it Easter eggs. So go to ex.com and we'll tell you although actually once you get on there
And then you print out the instructions and you take it in your other room or your TV is
Like memento and you you I mean that was very simple to talk about 30 seconds
And you can watch the movie and crime logical order instead of all out of the bull crap
Stead are going crazy. I probably have to be in a weekend when I would watch that again
Please warn people that if you're if you haven't already seen it you should see it the way it's supposed to be seen which is
I bet ask backwards right right
Oh, yeah, be sure watch it that way first right because otherwise it defeats the whole purpose of it will ruin the beginning
Which is the ending or the ending which
Here's Hallumdale. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir
Clinton Jones for you. Okay, great
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line you're from Hallumdale, Paul or whatever your name was
The only Paul we want to talk about is the one from rules of attraction that had the pillow he was biting
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line the little dog Joe Rose fills in for the mad dog
Who's badly overworked and eats the day off today?
So Joe Rose from 2 to 4 at the Humper in the studio Hank from 4 to 7 and then we got at 7
Something new and exciting that evidently we're going to have a lot through the summertime of
QAM rewound the best of QAM
Now who's going to be on those tapes I wonder everybody apparently you included
Really well, who put that who put that crap? I mean those great tapes together. Well, we still got a couple of hours
Clarence came in here a few minutes ago said hey
We want us to pull a good segment from today town to pull this
All we probably would
Well
Clarence had a surprise 30th birthday party last night George and Vina Boy were not invited
Because we weren't in the front and from up we heard everybody got drunk off their ass and got the head wild diarrhea
This morning's what we had to hear about a great life. Zach had wild diarrhea. The beast had wild diarrhea
All I probably was just from over eating a little bit. Zach said he woke up with Vaseline on his ass
That's
So I guess I have to take back what I said about Clarence all right nice going, baby. We don't know who it was
Yeah, right
Or what we're sure about it now. Don't be a sore loser five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on 18t
And for rise the marvelous line
Clarence and he just closed his eyes and thought about Britney Spears
I might have been the unkind of spear of all.
Here's a bokeh.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Two good movies for you.
I don't know if you've listened them or not.
Waiting for government?
Waiting for what?
Never heard of it.
And best in show.
Best in show?
Yeah.
Is that the one about the Westminster counter-club?
Yeah.
It's the same guy as you did like Spinal Tap and all that.
It's Christopher Guest basically did that with Eugene Levy.
Best in show I think I would enjoy.
Yeah.
We're waiting for Guffin.
You would dig because it's about a guy who's basically this dance
instructor slash choreographer who never really made it in New York
and goes with small town and gets a theater group.
And there's people in that movie that are absolutely hilarious.
Oh, right.
I got it down.
Thanks, Palley.
All right, man.
Take it easy.
Sure is how Beatza agreed in a Hillary Clinton book.
I'll say that.
I will read one more sentence though from her book.
I wasn't born to Democrat.
Oh, that's the second sentence.
You got two sentences now, OK?
10 to 20.
What an insipid.
I'm sorry.
Don't let me forget.
Before this half hour ends, I'm going
to play that thing from Magnolia.
Wives up the greatest scene in history movies.
And tonight, Beener Boy is watching Magnolia.
No excuses, OK?
But what?
If I don't know, something's going to happen to me, man.
Something about that.
Are you making excuses for not watching this movie?
Yeah.
Why?
I might as well start now.
You'll like it.
Oh, I know.
I'm going to say I like it.
I know.
Connection.
I say I like it even if I don't watch it.
I want an honest answer.
I don't want to know.
No.
Schmuck.
And we will be doing an exam on it, as a matter of fact.
In fact, we'll be asking.
So, Claire has pulled it.
In fact, you better count the frogs and toads.
One by one, side by each.
You better do a count.
27 past one at 560 WQM here in Toronto, where game
marriages are now not only legal,
but they're taking place right now as we speak.
How do you like that?
Same-sex marriages.
Marijuana, a little loosening up on the enforcement there,
decriminalizing.
They can progress moving into the 28th century.
While America continues languishing
under the heavy hand of John, cover up those boobs,
ascropped.
I'll tell you about a great place.
The Asian buffet that you're going to fall in love with.
There are a lot of other ones around these days,
but the best in the world is the Emote Coast.
Three locations for you and South Florida,
Pembroke Pines, North Miami Beach,
and the original South Florida location in sunrise.
Stir out with the Emmy of six different suits.
You can tram all if you like.
And then sampled dozens and zillions of succulent entrees.
New York strip made the border with the gourmet
center of sizzling Asian grill featuring
all kinds of good stuff for a grilled shrimp's
scampy style.
Jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and the new seafood
saying Jacques.
And if that isn't enough, there's lots more.
Try their dungeon-esque crab and ginger and scallions.
Handcar prime rib and the new Oriental chicken salad.
The Emote Coast will never give you a headache.
Either no MSG, no cornstarch, no crap.
They cook all other good stuff only
with cholesterol for your oils too.
On the buffet, you'll find a full salad bar, sushi bar,
and fresh room cocktail.
When you walk in there, you'll almost swoon
because there's so much food to choose from.
It's amazing.
And there's even a full dessert station
no matter how foot you are.
It's worth checking this out because they've got pies and cakes,
pastries, ice cream, all your favorite toppings,
and fresh fruit as well.
Emote Coast in sunrise, you'll find them
on Pine Island at 44th Street.
In North Miami Beach, Collins Avenue,
just north of 163rd, and in Pember Poe,
Poeons at the intersection of Flamingo Road and Pember Road.
So take the family or book your next business lunch
and right now all-size parties are welcome.
Let them do the cooking for you
and have yourself a great feast.
Take out and live where you're always available too.
Call 9-5-4-572-3822.
9-5-4-572-3822.
I bet you have been a boy's life on it.
I guarantee you'll love the Emote Coast Chinese
but fun.
My light and love all
is this is 4.2 65
Stück
way through
a
Azah!
I did some wheel tries to
remove my
time
of maintenance
of
our
ironic
Show of
the
I can't believe you are the very bad athlete.
Each and every friend and all the money checks.
I don't think you ever been so flamin' home or baby.
He's already buried some bad things.
He's honky, my love honky, so just believe it alone.
Cause we're good about him, I am not so aware of good.
He loves me and my butt was so good.
I won't sign up for him, cause he makes more than me.
Right, then the guy I love so much.
That's a real dirt girl, just another two is just...
Such a mouth you're making me mad.
Just like his movies, this marriage will be bad.
But I don't wanna be alone.
Jesus, when you keep them lost, you just need that boy ya' lonely.
And now we talk once again and we'll just find out.
For ya.
Boys.
You're not gonna be smart, but I'm gonna teach you to stop.
You're not gonna teach you to stop.
No.
You're not gonna teach you to stop.
You're not gonna teach you to stop.
You should lose control.
You'll have fun more often.
You think you're okay.
You think you're okay.
You're under ground and living down, but it's not going to stop.
It's not going to stop.
No.
It's not going to stop.
It's not going to stop.
You're careless.
You make me be always standing away.
The deep, cause it's not going to stop.
No.
It's not going to stop.
It's not going to stop.
Give her.
There's the message for it being a boy just give up.
I'm gonna stop.
I'm gonna stop.
So you wise up.
Just give up.
I already done that.
567, that's Amy Mann.
And who did almost all the music from all the vocals from Magnolia?
She is great.
Do you remember her from till Tuesday?
No, I do not, but I did read about that though that she was...
That song, Hush, Hush, and I heard it every 5 minutes back in it's day.
Oh yeah.
She was the lead singer of that group, right?
See what?
See that?
So I don't want to force you to go see Magnolia, but believe me,
you won't be disappointed and if you are, you're an idiot.
I mean, you got to understand that some of these movies that we're talking about
like Requiem for Dream and Magnolia, they're very cerebral.
And there are a lot of people out there who are like,
like that, they're dumb.
Not smart, like Frato, but dumb.
And as a result, when you send dumb people out to see a cerebral movie,
it's like, oh gee, I thought that was really boring.
And then what those people almost always will say was that it was boring.
Right?
Sure.
Okay.
And of course, anything is going to be boring if you don't understand it.
If it's going over your head.
Right.
If you don't understand it.
For example, it's very aggravating to me when people are speaking like in another language.
I'm talking about Everfred.
Like I...
Give me an example.
If I can find a god damn channel here.
One moment please, just hang on.
Here we go.
Hooray.
Hooray.
Hooray.
Hooray.
Hooray.
Hooray.
Hooray.
This channel has two different languages.
I think you're still an intervention of the public.
I understand a few of the words here and there, you know.
But if I had listened for a half an hour to that, it would be incredibly boring.
Because I don't understand what they're talking about.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
So if you don't understand something, then you say, oh that's boring.
They might be talking some heavy duty crap right now.
I'd be like the key to like old age or something.
But when I was what they're talking about, I heard people say that about the godfather,
that it was boring and slow.
Have they really?
Yeah.
Well guess what you knew to somebody who says that about the godfather.
That a being you blow that brains all over your nice side, it leaks through.
Right, that's what you do.
And don't forget it's the godfather, not godfather one.
Oh, that answer with that facts, man.
I would like to give him a spot I'm being, at least in the ankle for starters anyway.
Jesus Christ.
I'm trying to save a line.
All these pseudo intellectuals.
Well you morons, you morons, you're morons, you're the expert, you're morons.
Although I will say this that anybody who don't like Magnolia is a moron.
Oh, sorry.
Didn't you like it?
Up until.
I loved it.
You better watch the godfather movie, okay?
You really are skating on tonight's this week.
You had some real problems, you know.
He had his fault.
And he should have heard you just go ballistic when he found out that they were watching him on the goddoms.
Security camera in a control room.
The scram, no one's car in the tank.
Or in there watching him.
He's going to be late because of his deal with his driver's license expired.
He couldn't get the rental car.
They're putting their condition in his $50 car.
I didn't even have to walk upstairs.
Like a swarm of little producer people have come downstairs and like, whisk me back upstairs to George.
It's hairy.
You should have heard George just go and call the stick, just ripping you an ass.
Talk about it as the spick turns, man.
Wow.
Just cussing you out in languages haven't been invented yet.
I think it was cussing you in Sanskrit.
We should have had a camera for that whole scene.
Yeah, he's down there dizzling around puffing on a fag in the meantime.
George is wondering if anybody's going to be in there to start the show.
And we're like hypervegling.
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
And hovering for him in here.
And here he is casually smoking a cigarette on the camera while we're going nuts up here,
remembering for his late ass.
Hey, George.
You're slapped.
We're back.
I get the feeling at times that I have lost control of the circus, whatever's going to be.
You know what?
I really don't give a crap.
Because I'm not counting the days.
So like, great summer schedule.
Oh, it's not far now.
Hey, listen, if your schedule involves going to a crappy job every day that isn't paying you much
and it's really got your life in a dead end, here's the way to get out of it.
Call our good friends at Fast Train.
They can have you fully trained and ready for a great new high-paying computer career
in just four short months.
Count them if you can.
Call Fast Train 866 Fast Train.
They're all over the place.
They're all over South Florida.
So there's about to be a location nearby you.
So these classes will be convenient for you.
They're in Miami.
Kendall for Lauderdale in Pemberg Pines.
Fast Train offers job placement assistance.
Financial aid.
Convenient evening weekend classes too.
So no more excuses for staying in a real nasty, crappy, low-paying dead end job.
But now a new career is just a phone call in four short months away.
And we're talking some serious bucks too.
So jump on that Fast Train today and call them toll free.
There's no obligation.
They'll explain to you how they can get you into a real career and a real big fat one.
1-866 Fast Train or check them out of the web at fasttrained.com.
My, my, and local.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You can win, you can win.
The season finale of American Idol is here at Lans.
And what could be more fun than watching America's favorite reality show?
Watching it drunk.
And it's easy with the American Idol drinking game.
Every time an American Idol regular utters a particular phrase, it's time to chug.
Like when Randy Jackson says dog.
This wasn't good enough dog.
Oh, when he says man.
This is not good enough man.
And especially on you.
You can't sing, dude.
It's the American Idol drinking game.
Get your friends.
Fill their glasses and pound one back each time Simon says something insulting.
You have one of the worst voices I've ever heard.
We dare you not to pass out before the first commercial break.
Just take a slug every time you feel sorry for Paula Abduel.
I'm special.
Or annoyed with Ryan Seacrest.
Three faces, only two places.
The American Idol drinking game.
Because if you're gonna watch a bunch of nobody's taking a shot at fame,
you deserve a few shots of your own.
147 at 560 W.
I can't believe that you didn't tell me that Zach Cranc was in a car wreck last night.
A bigger pardon?
Just had a facsroom inside the building.
Said Zach was rear-ended at Josh's birthday party like that.
Oh, sorry.
Joe Roosevelt, he a mad dog at two.
Hank in the studio at 4 and then we got some tapes.
Boy, we're really getting desperate now.
Aren't we getting desperate?
Yeah, we're really good tapes.
Some really great tapes, 7 to 7 30.
Maybe get a little feral on there.
Sam's gonna turn her bodygo with me now.
He's on the palm hat.
I'll give you some of that love.
Come on, push, push.
Here's the call from Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Listen, if you're really having that much trouble understanding Mickey,
Brad Pitt, character and snatch, you can subtitle just Mickey and it tells you what he's saying.
Really?
You can subtitle one here.
Yeah, as he was right.
That's what he's saying.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it just does it for Mickey.
You don't have to go on the internet or whatever you were talking about.
No, no eggs.
No, just go on their options on the DVD and you can just subtitle his character.
Okay.
All right, a great movie, too.
Okay, thanks.
All right.
Okay, I'm gonna watch snatch.
Well, that'll probably make jikers calm when you think.
We've been waiting a long time for that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I tell you, this Hillary picture and the one with Chelsea in there.
Man, that's enough to like change my mind in a hurry.
Oh.
Sir, and you know what, we didn't have a long call about that.
It must be just us.
We're just hard-bitten in there.
Other people out.
She can't help but she looks sure she can.
First of all, she can do something with that goddamn frizzy hair.
That just accentuates her ugliness, right?
But I guess she didn't care.
She had that real good-looking boyfriend with a lot of money.
And she's the daughter of a Clinton's and all this other crag.
Yeah, so it's a make a difference, sir.
She'll do fine.
She'll do, uh, yeah.
It fine.
152 people say that Hillary is an opportunist.
75 say she is brilliant.
Brilliant!
64-ice princess.
She's not towards W-46.
She's the devil-45.
Carpet Bagger 38.
Lightweight 16.
Now we're starting to get warm.
Small potatoes 15.
And squishy.
We got, yeah, people in this audience who say that Hillary is squishy.
I would have thought that they would have been knocking the phones down today talking about Hillary.
Would you?
No.
No.
Now that this book is out, more of the hype.
Well, at least one thing we'll say for this audience.
They don't all get sucked in by the hype.
Unlike me, it goes to the bookstore to buy something entirely different and picks up this stupid piece of crap just because it was there.
And I felt like obligated.
You often get sucked in, I heard.
I do get, well, not enough.
Here's Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, I have a couple things.
I just wanted to call and ask, uh, have you seen the movie Ravenous yet?
I got in the other room.
I haven't watched it yet.
Awesome movie.
It's with the same guy from a memento, Guy Peer.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I'm going to watch it today then.
That's a really awesome movie.
Because I've had this for a couple of weeks.
It's pretty good.
I don't know about any Easter eggs, but the movie itself is, is pretty awesome.
Um, also, I know you're making the best in the LCD.
Are you guys doing a keychain thing again?
Yeah, with, and this time we're doing with the, uh, Moe Howard David had the sounds.
When I first heard you might be doing it with Moe, I thought that was great, but you should also do a second one with Forell.
Next year.
That's something to think about.
I think we'll have to save him for next year.
Hello, the clips you got from him already are timeless.
Um, who's that in a word?
They swear.
The last thing I got, I did a bad news.
I'm good news.
I'm moving to California at the end of this month, so I'm escaping.
That's good news for you and bad news for us unless you keep listening on the internet.
Yeah, I was just thinking about that.
It's a really late time change between the two.
I might not be able to hear you.
I just wanted to say just in case you could buy a good luck and, uh, it's been a great four years listening to you.
Excellent. Thanks a lot, pal.
That's the luck to you.
You too. Thanks.
Okay. Congratulations for getting out of South Florida.
Oh, always works good for me.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
I'm not so I'm an Amsterdam.
See, I'm thinking to myself, I'm reading this stuff on the internet.
More of the stuff about the game marriages being legalized in Canada today.
And I'm thinking to myself, this is very much like the Netherlands only with people who deserve it.
You know what I mean?
No, certainly because the Dutch people, that's one thing I would keep thinking to myself,
is last time I was named to him, the government is great, very progressive, wonderful laws,
very brilliant thinking people of the government.
But the Dutch people themselves don't deserve it because most of them are crap.
And then the ambiance there is garbage.
But here, this is one of the cleanest big cities in the world.
And they're diverse people from everywhere here.
And these people are with it.
They're laid back.
They're not the judge metal for the most part.
They're like, you know, happy, go lucky and enjoy life kind of people.
Just like here.
Right.
Yeah, just like here almost used to be some years ago.
150, 3 at 5, 60 WQA.
And hey, fat is your problem.
Like it is for somebody of the rest of us.
You really owe it to yourself to drive balance for life one time.
Because it's delicious.
It's an easy way to lose weight because you don't have to count any calories.
You don't have to count any carbs.
You don't have to go shopping for anything.
Because balance for life is all the figuring out for you.
And they make damn sure that you're satisfied with a lot of really good food.
And number two, that the weight pours off your body.
It's all based on the zone diet.
All you do is fill out a little menu every week.
You have two choices for every one of the five servings.
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks that are on your menu every day.
And that's all you have to do.
Other than just pick up that black sack at your door by 6 a.m. every day at your home.
And at your work at the wherever you might be.
And let me tell you, all the food is fresh and delicious.
There's nothing frozen, nothing artificial.
And with five servings, you know, there's going to be plenty of food to keep you full all day long.
So if you're tired of being out of shape, lethargic, diabetic.
If you're tired of wearing pupthins instead of real clothing, let balance for life.
Help you lose that weight once and for all.
If you're frustrated and dread all the other programs, this just might be the one to do it for you.
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29.
9-5-4-568-32-29 or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
Find a local species of five species.
Radio's all yours.
Come on, let's go.
I'm going to do it again.
Oh my god, your breasts are beautiful.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music Biography Profile Story.
She was an outspoken Irish gal with no hair.
She was Shimano Connor.
Come now, take a moment.
Now, take a moment to you.
What do you want from me?
I'm f***ing bald. I shaved my f***ing head. What does that tell ya?
Some have drawn the correlation between Shaneito Connor's short-lived career
and her talent for pissing off everybody on the freaking planet.
Don't get me started.
Shaneito's one-time manager, Slabby Gold.
I remember when she tore up the picture of the pope on Saturday night live.
I begged her. Shanei and honey, anything but the pope.
I gave her stack of 8-by-tens to choose from. Richard Nixon, Gandhi, Chrissy McNichol, anything.
But no, it's gonna be the pope.
Of course I asked her why she's being so difficult. She tells me.
I'm f***ing bald. I got no hair yet.
Get the hell out of here. Don't f*** with me.
Realizing that Shanei had her only hit with a song written by Prince,
we asked the purple rain star about his experience with the fire real Connor.
So, if I may, Prince, oh Jesus, sorry, the artist formerly known as Prince,
what was your memory of Shaneito Connor?
Look, she's f***ing bald. She shaved her f***ing head.
Now what does it tell you?
Shaneito Connor, she was the Susan powder of rock music.
Hey, give us a break. How many bald shakes can you come up with on the top of your head?
It's a big juicy, softy wood-looking show business tonight, on inside the mine.
158 at 560 W.C.M. I've been holding back. Now here's the real, this will be the hook that will get you to go out and buy the Hillary book.
Alright, I'm waiting. Sentence number three.
Okay? I wasn't born a lawyer or an advocate for women's rights and human rights.
Got it? I'm gonna kill myself.
Alright!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Don't forget Joe Ross for the Mad Dog standing by the Humber in studio 4-7 this afternoon.
Bye bye bye!
The new blood you show on 560 W.C.M.
Miami for learning.
Hola, this is Carlos.
