I gave you a baby launch a couple missiles
Tour to place we know
The aim on that a fella whose first name begins with
There's one thing we all understand
Your help it won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan
All right, we could chase them round forever
With our tanks and all our true break-head you special forces are so tired
of jumping through them
You throw and we need another
airplane
Let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan
break-head you
How can a need a nuclear tank
Why don't we stop pussy food and blow up
Pakistan
Kill some people
My hand
Hey, Howard, what's going on Mitch? I'd like to hear the beast on Christmas on New Year's Day
What's it really? Yeah, you know the guy you fired who fired him? You did how are you guys?
Hey, Mitch, let me ask you a question based on what intelligent insight do you have this information?
You fired him how would you know that you fired? How would you know that shut up once and ask the question you
Answer the question moron you asshole
Wait hang on must be it must be another one the shuttle you buried him
What guy? He's kept asking the question. How would you know that and oh he kept repeating himself over and over again?
You know what it sounds like to me another one of the trained monkeys that listens to ginger Rogers
Because that's always got his trained monkeys that listens to that jackass
I know three at five sixty WQ. I'm happy Monday till you know something George. Yeah
Sometimes what comes around goes around you know what I'm saying and pay back is a bitch. Oh
Greg
Just just by accident without doing anything. I caused that man without without even knowing I was doing it
That's the best part a lot of angst over the weekend and I'm ecstatic about it
I got two words for you Greg paranoid and delusional look them up in the dictionary
Have somebody look him up for you have the water Nazi look up those words for you paranoid and delusional as in kind of like
Losing it I think our leader
Maybe he's come to the realization that after the last year he's messed up so many day parts that he can put it
He's done the Humpty Dumpty the QM can't put him together again. Yeah
So I was just saying to people is you the other day
Oh man, I'm serious if the audience had any idea what's gone on the last like since the show on Friday
They all be committing themselves the institutions to rubber rooms. I think it's gonna start getting very crowded in there
Had a lot of responses not votes because it wasn't the kind of a pull where you be voting on it
1629 responses to our pool on Friday
Saturday March 1st was Niels 27th anniversary on ear Miami. How long have you been listening?
We asked just just out of curiosity sake and also did Carlos did a great job of getting new bedtime stories up again Saturday and Sunday
Which I faxed to him
Anybody see him no, I must have been a few. I don't know
We'll try another a couple of weekends and see you you know if it builds up on a weekend see what I'm saying
No problem. No, I'm I'm serious
I mean if it's worthwhile and people want to read that stuff on there
Then we'll be delighted to put it on there if not if it's just an exercise
We don't want to do that doing just a freaking exercise
Because old Jews believe me don't do no exercise
Near the young Cubans there you go
481 people have been listening over 10 years now really when you come right down to it
It doesn't make any difference what the numbers are here is because still most of our people can't vote on these polls for whatever reason because they are well sucks
But the percentages remain very consistent throughout 29.6% of this audience be listed over 10 years
364 over 15 years 22.2% 222
Since we came to QA in five years 272 16.7%
Over 20 years 222 there's that 222 again you like that
Or just change it to two two three 13.6% a couple of years 154 all 27 years this is shocking
82 people which is 5% of the over 1600 people who have put their thing on this made their mark
like the stain
5% have been listening all 27 years that is
Because first of all do you realize how many of those people must be dead?
Yeah, well why are you chuckling when I say that there's nothing funny about that
Including we got a first-week in KAT told me you'll never make it a year in this market mister
You'll never make it a year you suck that old guy he's dead
Oh, yeah, he didn't make it a year in fact now that I think back on it
You realize how many people I worked with a WKTR dead?
No a lot a lot
Sonny Hirsch right Joe Fried Bob Allen
I'm thinking I
Thinks you malton I do believe I'm not sure I think so
A lot of dead people from KAT including most of the audience because those of us who were working here
We were like teenagers compared to the audience
It was basically the old you audience is what it was over on the beach back when Jews lived on the beach before you people moved them out
Or her and sent them all away up to Boka
Anyway a couple years 150 for all 27 years 82 less than six month. They'll see these last two categories very revealing
Less than six months only 30 about 30
1.8% and less than a year 22 1.3% so only 3.1% of the audience and that number stayed very
KELOLAND numbers the percentages state consistent all the way through
Because there's nothing to really crank on this kind of a survey, you know, why bother right right?
3.1% in the last year, but now that we got those billboards up and love informs me this morning that he saw my billboard on a way to work
And it was just magnificent I 95 in Pemberg Road of their boots have you seen it? No
You haven't seen it. How about Carlos you seen it? No, well, what are you what are you guys laughing about?
This is all the side coasters about the billboards we got these billboards. I take their word for it that it's a guy
By the way Greg right normal check already okay and stop back and like an asshole stop being a schmuck stop being paranoid and delusional
He Lenny isn't going to work for Cox. I'm not going to work for clear channel George isn't needed to go to work for the light bulb
Gellie's not gonna go do the Panther play by play
Speaking of the Panthers Panthers here in Toronto tonight
Sure picked a nice day Rimmer and I get off easy no meals for him or you want to know why why too cold
Too cool. Let's hear it. Oh, he picked a one this day today
It looks beautiful from my window where I sit now the sun is shining
It's that kind of Vegas blue sky again, but
But let me give you an accurate temperature right now, okay?
The windshield is minus 33 and the temperature is minus 24 Celsius. So it's like 15 below zero and
Windy
All right, I take that yeah winds the 12-kilometer death like seven miles an hour
It's it's gonna be toasty. It's gonna be a high of minus 13 today about eight degrees Fahrenheit
So it's just this one up bizarre day so many Panther fans that came up here for the game tonight
Sorry, sorry miss a man and mister pack picked a bad day
It's a kind of day when you just stay inside all day long, you know and
Hope for the smoke to clear small bill was great yesterday. I didn't see that talk about that a little bit
Have a nice facts about that also want to thank a couple of factors came in at the end of the show on Friday
Here's one from our friend crazy John at little caboose
What is that under is it under caboose that thing where PD Lenny's daughter did that thing?
I don't care what mommy says about the meat. They says sharp and keep on killing. Yeah, I didn't forget your anniversary happy
27th p.s. Peter Leonard is still an asshole
Best of luck in the future. Thanks again crazy John a little old caboose it'll turn you lose
Up there on in dear field beach to oh far stop par line road. Thanks crazy John and a real nice fact
Don't let me forget to tell you what Greg got almost give me for my anniversary. Okay, another stroke
But I'll tell you about that
Paranoid and delusional
Crazy person Greg you're losing it baby. You're losing it
Okay, see remember what happened to Pinocchio how his nose kept growing longer and longer and longer
Well with Greg it's that hole in the head. It just keeps getting deeper and deeper and deeper and pretty soon
It's gonna like shoot right out of the dome. I think
Just calm down Greg. Okay. Just take care of business start paying some people to live up to your expectations
And everything will be just fine. Okay, and don't be bugging me with a bunch of crap that I don't know anything about
There was a series of phone calls here. Oh, I guess who could did call before I get to the armadil cafe facts
Joe Costello called me right that was one of my few rational calls over there on Friday
If you'll call just to see how I was doing heard that I had that little stroke
So remember that thing with Jim Sarny on Friday that idiotic column where he ripped the guys and asked them
They filled in for Hank last week. How could I forget because they were talking about Britney sears snort and coke off the toilet
See the idiotia
Well, I hate to break the news to you Jim Sarny who says oh when you start with that stuff instead of sports and air goes to sports audience
Guess who well inspire them to talk about that. Let me give you one clue. All right
Yeah, there you go the mad dog was talking about that as he is want to do about Britney and who's the hottest in them all and that story about her
Supposedly snorting a coke off the seat and suing the tabloid et cetera and so on so they picked up on it
You know, which has been on to happen on this station
Like in the morning especially
And the Jim Sarny and Otis didn't criticize the mad dog for that because he would never do that because you wouldn't have the balls to do that
Jim Sarny would you would you have the balls? No, you don't have even one little baby Sarny
But you'll and Mark who are easy pickings and of course who didn't belong on the afternoon anyway
Although from all accounts he did a fine show is what I heard
Yes, what Joe said
Well, I mean he's impartial. He said they did a fine show. He said they had a lot of calls. They touched all the bases
Everybody was happy said even muffin clearance or one or one or maybe both came in and licked around the edges of both of them
Which I didn't know that they were their type but nevertheless. That's what I heard. That's what he said good
Said they had a good time, but Jim Sarny got a throw a cheap shot because he doesn't have the balls to throw a cheap shot
In any of the full-time sports centers on QAM
So it picks out a couple of underlings
Joe uh
Joe what's his name is hunter dog friends see out a side out of my Joe Rose who knows who the hell he is
Gak to
Not no more seriously. I forgot his name there for just a half a second. That's what a stroke of duty a Greg
Get me all stressed out here with a bunch of psychotic calls and of course. He don't make the calls
He's got his lackey poured duff
You wonder why duff was halfway to the looney bin last summer because duff has to do all the dirty work
Because Greg don't have the balls to deal with your face to face either run the phone or even in person
Except me can psychotic calls with a lot of four-letter words to my lawyer at a quarter to six on Friday afternoon
Hey Greg. Yeah pay back to bed sweet art. I'm glad that norm got you all psychotic
It's about time you want to be seating into some of the crap you're always this you out with everybody
Well deserved paranoid and delusional
Anyway, here's the nice facts from our friends at armadillo cafe Kevin and Eve
Congratulations on 27 years here in South Florida from all of us here at the armadillo
Help getting the word out 14 years ago about us here in Davy and to move to our new location last year
We made a big difference you're the bomb. It says
How do you like that the bomb the bomb?
PS we're gonna be open for lunch very soon
We love to bring you some taste next time you down in Florida. Thanks for all your help
Kevin at the armadillo cafe and that nice very nice
Very nice. Thanks Kevin
Okay, we'll give you the new pool. We'll give you like a whole whole bunch of crap also that small bill thing
I didn't think that was really cute there at the end when they did that little PSA together
Right
stem cells baby. Yeah, stem cells and of course the president said no
So we're gonna put you guys in cells if you don't stop making trouble
913 at 560 WQ amount our beautiful Monday man is sunny shinin. It's at least uh almost 15 below zero that bad
Hey, you're still reluctant about ordering a bet over the phone
Don't be because over a million people have bought a mattress over the phone from our friends at dollar mattress
Plus hundreds more are doing there every week smart people
You know our good friends at dollar mattress by now
I hope we talk to them about them all the time on his show and nothing as a bigger impact on your life each and every day
Then a great night's sleep call 1 800
MATT RES right now and you'll have a great night's sleep from dollar mattress believe me because I use them all the time
Just call 1 800 mattress the easiest piece of shopping you'll ever do they carry a cili
Surda Simmons and King Coral and every size and style and dollar mattress is ranked numeral Uno and customer satisfaction
Dollar mattress is more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right
And once you buy a mattress and dollar mattress you'll never go back to a showroom again
Don't forget when you buy a mattress and dollar mattress
They set up and take away the crappy old vetting absolutely free you heard me right
Dot a mattress sets up the new and takes away the crappy old vetting for free
So make the call now to dollar mattress and you have great night's sleep for weeks and months and years to come
Call 1 800 MATT RES
That's 1 800 mattress for dollar mattress the easiest the smartest possible way to buy you a great name brand mattress
It an unbeatable price
sports radio 560 $1, a UAM
Why
Emo
In
D. A. Y
As you see
The Girards
Syndrome players present Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. What light through yarn window
break it is the east and Juliet is the slot you pay you
the threat. The true. The true. The true. The true. The true. The true. The true.
Today by the way we're out 10 minutes early 1250 game like last Thursday we got
Marlon's exhibition baseball. No excitement Marlon's in the Dodgers
it's only 10 minutes. I will take it. We'll take any little extra edge we can get
you know what I'm saying right yeah I know. Here's our poll question today who
was or is the most despised public figure in South Florida history I'm sure there'll
be more names added to the list I couldn't think of any. I thought it was a good
poll question but I'd be like all that many candidates I'm sure I left many
out well these are the real contenders right here you think you think I did a
good job I'm only got five I mean somebody I mean we could come up with some
more but I don't think anybody that's gonna come close to these people maybe
somebody a line five has got it here WQ I am
hello hello yes sir yes I'm working here okay hey look you're doing a great job
okay thank you okay here was who that was pushing that far enough and you think
yeah that's a loot. I was one of your people one of your little I'm not into
yeah my little who was or is the most despised public figure in South Florida
history and what I've got so far is H Wayne Hype Zinga
Meyer Lansky although he was too walking his dog in Collins Avenue when he lived
on the beach Joe Carrillo Alex Penga Piccania Pinellas or Moe Howard David
and that's all I got so far right how do you think Maurice Farah belongs on there why not
well I mean why not is not a very enthusiastic response not why not
what wish he was he wouldn't know well who was the guy with the suits
the guy with the suits remember the hot suits
sure as hell wasn't Maurice Farah are you talking about Xavier Suarez did he have hot suits
what what did he was that his thing I see they all he was going around to in the morning
knocking on people's door to get their body in his bathroom and he certainly deserves
okay Xavier Suarez okay we're adding to these okay now you're marking these down yes
Xavier Suarez oh let the artist will be something for the audience to do
oh look at that are we putting Maurice on there what are we putting Maurice on there
no he what for what just asking just because he was dumb I mean you can't despise
somebody just because they're dumb that would be like despising Greg you know we can't help
it that's just him you know his middle name is oh I guess who died by the way
and he told me that he died oh yeah that and I can't find a twist we can't find the song either
we got eight million uh oldies from the 60s in there we can't find the twist can't find the twist
bokeh brand there's a little assignment for you because I'm sure his hell not going to go out
and buy any records when it's uh 15 below zero out it's just this one it's not that it's all
like cold here yesterday was okay tomorrow's gonna be like 36 we just have this one bizarre
frigid day for rumor in the panthers I guess anyway hey ballards dead the singer and songwriter who
wrote the twist ushered in the nationwide dance craze in the 1960s he's dead ballard who was suffering
from throat cancer died yesterday this home friends be saying friend and caretaker Anna Ayala
said ballard's birth records indicate he was born in 1927 but biographical information list
is birth date is 1936 so you pick whichever one you kind of like most birthday you know it's probably
about nine years apart he would claim to be like maybe 55 and nine years added he was just a very
good man in love by so many people Ayala said in 1958 ballard wrote and recorded the twist but was
only released on the B side of a record a year later chubby checker debuted his own version of
the twist on dick parts fell it off your TV show it soon topped the charts and launched the dance
craze that prompted the creation of other twist songs including twist and shout by the i'sly
brothers twist in the eye to way by sand cook and then of course the following year chubby checker
desperate to bring in fact let's twist again like we did last summer remember that right what about
peppermint twist Joey D in the starlighters okay and the reason that they they they they used to
perform the twist at a place that was the name of the joint in Jersey I guess we're in Philly I
don't know I had no that was the name of the lounge the peppermint twist lounge you know that nope
do there you go it's not even nine thirty yet and already we're learning on this educational
program man let's go on peppermint lounge was the name of the a place where they performed
and that's where the peppermint twist came from the only reason I know that is because I saw a show
a couple of weeks ago about the twist and then it was it was I'm one of my funky channels you know
and the whole thing was about the origin of the twist it was pretty corny but it was okay guess
what else I saw I'm at the same funky channel not too long ago oh that movie you were telling me
about no we for madness yeah I tune it just when they were doing the thing play a faster faster
that you know that whole pixel yeah it was great
after me and of course he had that crazed Renfield look on his face you know because
they were more smoking like he was playing the piano he had that crazy look kind of like the look
on Greg's face when he was in there on Friday a lot of eyeshadow on Greg singer songwriter
haired but Harold ballard is dead huh I just a hurled ballard whatever Hank ballard but Harold
ballard was the hated owner of the Toronto Maple Leaf see that was the slip of the tongue but they're
both dead now that'd be a good pull to take some day because this audience is very hockey intensive
who is the most despised public figure in South Florida history H. Wayne, H. Zingham,
Meyer, Lansky, Joe Carreroio that wasn't a good one Joe Carreroio you got to take a deep breath
Alex Penelas Mojaro-Davidid and Xavier Suarez that's the short list I'm sure we'll have many
additions Fort Lauderdale hello hey how about Sheriff Nick Nick DeVarosevibon thank you
thank you very much thank you huh you don't like that excellent are you kidding me I might vote for
them I see out of sight out of mind you know except that time I saw him and trying to met the
um
please go in a way Navarro is because of so much grief and sorrow he yesterday
Navarro Navarro he's leaving Navarro but he's just a goose step by way
just a goose step away oh we got so we got the Colleen chic Mohammed we got him over the weekend
let's hear it all right but now we'll be safe number three man huh now we'll be safe
no we won in fact the headlines in a lot of the newspapers this morning is now that they got him
it's uh likely we're gonna have a lot more terrorist attacks now because they stirred the nest and
got a lot of uh Arabs pistons geez that how that works I don't know we'll find out I guess stay
tuned so anyway speaking of beautiful actresses and I'm really ashamed that none of you people
out there ever got your finger on her and I bet you'd like to I'm watching this horrible movie
over the weekend called incredible invisible circus with Cameron Diaz and so the actress who
plays her sister in the movie who's just a beautiful uh I'd say she was in this movie maybe like in
her early 20s or 23 or 4ish yeah with Jack Black hair and just one of the most beautiful women
I've ever seen in my life and I've been and thought god she looks awfully familiar so at the end of
the movie I flipped on the thing to see make sure I got the right name of the movie and I went to
the internet I put it in visible circus and sure enough Cameron Diaz and Jordana Brewster
and I'm so I go to Jordana Brewster I do a search on her to see who the else she is and sure
enough she was on as the world turns and all my children I remember not too many years ago
raving about how beautiful she was and all my as the world turns because they used to be on right
before guiding light yeah two ends what does it make a difference well I'm gonna do a trick
to put her on a pole I don't know we didn't like her no I'm gonna look her up I don't know just one
end Jordana with one end Brewster as in punky punky pie you ever saw her no man she is she makes
Brittany look like a polydog poop well I may begin a little carried away you know but she's
she's a lot harder than Brittany will ever be I'm serious she is just beautiful and I remember
going on the year one day and saying back in those days there was another actress to play
Michelle on guiding light who was just this is a few years ago phenomenal looking
but this is Jordana Brewster she's right in there one blonde one brunette little something for
everybody I just mentioned that in passing not as pretty as Tom Wellinger course which will get
to small veil momentarily and then a lot of other names for our survey you see when it comes to
something like this somebody that despise the list is almost almost the endless something they
really are just revolted and reviled by for example like you know great yeah like that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T just calm down Greg okay take some pills
dust got a whole desk full of minutes they're popping some pills and relax a little bit too
hyper these days for the rest of us you're gonna grab us all up the wall right there there was
there was our furless leader how many times have you heard about an opportunity and you didn't
act you didn't grab it and you missed out oh there's nothing worse than not grabbing it and it
flies away well right now is one of those times rarely does an opportunity interrupt you but this
one should 3.45% financing with our friends and financial group column 1 809 for Oland how long
of these low interest rates last who knows but when you look back on history not very long it's a
window of opportunity so jump through it with a financial group and get 3.45% financing and save
thousands of dollars with 3.45% financing call financial group and get all the details called
tool free 1 809 for Oland that's 1 809 for OLED and D what will 3.45% financing do the monthly
payments here's a couple examples for you if you have a $200,000 loan you pay only $900 a month
a $100,000 loan cost you only $450 a month so don't wait get the ball rolling by doing it now
call financial group 1 809 for Oland they're in equal housing lender credit restrictions do
apply and rates are subject to change without notice 5.34 APR
my, my, and lull this is for Trial Why City
Wait and We empowerment
It's States
Good Play Heaven
Have 5.60WQA
And the preview says it will tell us what those crop circles mean.
Were the made by humans or made by some little man who I dreamed.
It was written by him that Shama Lama Tang on the guy who did six cents.
But it also did unfriendly.
We chanted up white pants.
Oh, signs, signs that can move.
These signs, studios, moment in until you're in Spain.
If it does, we'll see lots of dollars.
And the signs.
Mill gifts and plays a farmer with martians in his yard.
And I think that maybe M. Night Shama Lama is trying to waste you hard.
Because those circles weren't made by aliens on a wild track to rock.
And they were made by Bruce Willis.
Some time after he died.
Whoa, signs, signs that new movie signs.
To find out more you got to stand in line.
Get out your eight books and pay up for signs.
Sorry.
Signs, signs, that new movie signs.
Studios, moment in until you're in Spain.
I'm 32 and 56, you better be here.
One of those circles and all those symbols mean on the end of the barn there.
Huh?
Oh, those symbols.
The ones in smallville.
They mean, I thought that's your right hand.
Come on, don't be picking on Tom Wally and Clark Kent now.
And John Schneider and Mama Kent.
Hey, even you were saying that it looked awfully close there.
Well, I'll get to that.
Okay.
Okay.
It looked like John Schneider and Tom Wally were going to do something there at the end.
Oh, by the way, you're right about Jordanna.
Is she hot or what?
Do you know who she is?
I do know.
I just looked her up.
But I mean, have you seen her before?
Is that, uh...
She was in a lot of movies that I never saw, so no.
Oh.
I'm serious.
See, I kept thinking that she was the star of the movie because Cameron Diaz, I mean, yeah, she's...
She's old-meat, huh?
Right.
She's okay.
Fine.
But she, uh, she's on the same catarewa with Jordanna.
No, she's not.
Absolutely not.
Oh, man.
I'm in fine as in just fine.
And, you know, I'm slipping.
I hate to admit, thank you very much, uh, Adrian.
You're a Adrian.
You're good.
How about OJ?
OJ was the whole reason I came up with this pull question in the first place.
Stroke.
And I leave them off the list.
Man, of course, they're sure I think Greg gave me another stroke over the weekend.
Thanks a lot, Greg.
You jackass.
God.
Making all kind.
And I hate to break the news to you, Greg.
But the same number that Duff calls here to speak to me was the same number that you could use,
but just don't even think about doing it, okay?
You asshole.
Right.
Always has to have a messenger.
Anyway.
Always had to say.
Well, Alberto sent Pedro.
I don't think that the most is to be too happy about that.
But we'll put him out anyway.
Well, why not?
Oh, I was just agreeing with you that somebody might not be too happy about it.
Too bad.
Whatever.
Alberto sent Pedro.
Raul Martinez.
Yeah, Bush, no, because he's not a South Florida.
Well, he isn't a reason, but I think, you know what I mean?
Right.
We want people are really South Florida people.
Thanks, Dennis.
Okay.
Oh, I got this great story in Time Magazine.
Can cold cuts kill?
I saw that.
In Time Magazine, as a matter of fact.
And if the Bush people have their way, they will kill you.
Right.
But anyway, we'll give to that.
Here's a nice, a lovely facts from the Dean in Morse planes, New Jersey, no less.
She says, what can compare and she's right, man?
She's got her thumb right on it.
What can compare to the gorgeous natural and best smile I've ever seen, Tom Welling display, at the end of the show with Chris Reeves?
That's what we're sitting doing at promo together.
And then they started cracking up and yucking it up and laughing and etc.
Right.
Tom looked so, uh, edible.
It says, I felt connected to you because I know you were watching on Sunday.
Yes, I was, Nadine.
What's the deal with the show that followed something Woods, not bad, what do you think?
Is that the Tiger Woods he's talking about or Ever Woods?
I don't know what they're all about.
Oh, yeah, Ever Woods.
I think.
Ever Woods?
On Easy Watch Sunday?
I don't know what that's all about.
I can't get it all those other shows.
Okay, Nadine, sorry.
She said, I try to say thanks for all the 20 years plus I've listened to you.
However, the phones were busy, had listened to the rest of the show on the internet.
Best part of the internet is hearing you with New Jersey.
I met you at a park in Kendall about 1975.
Been hooked since.
A park in Kendall.
Do you think that was like the, uh, the garlic festival?
That was in 1975?
I don't think so.
A little bit after that.
Anyway, PS, do you remember Uncle Dirty?
I played back at him with him in the early 70s.
No, I don't remember Uncle Dirty.
I think I heard about a Joey Reynolds show.
Do you remember Uncle Dirty?
No.
Well, of course we never listened to the Joey Reynolds show anyway because he was a pin in the ass.
I am that him right.
Anyway, she says okay, who cares.
Thanks for having Lynn on.
She's good.
I live only 60 miles from where she broadcast, but I can't hear her.
Sorry, Lynn.
Here's Nadine who lives in New Jersey, but she can't hear your station.
I'm on dial.
I'm sorry, but she wishes she could.
God.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I'm Neil.
Well, first of all, the answer to that question about the guy with the hot suit, that was former county manager, Sergio Pereira.
Oh, right.
That's right.
Out of sight out of mind.
There've been so many.
And my vote for the most despised person, that's the lady from the early on days, one with a two-colored hair that looked like a skunk.
Oh, yeah.
What's her name?
Hmm.
Oh, yeah.
The one with a big head of like grayish hair.
I forgot her name, but I have something to say, though.
Actually, if I can split my vote, it'd be between her and Caesar Odio.
Caesar Odio.
Caesar Odio.
Yes.
Okay, thanks, amigo.
Thank you.
Yeah, let's, and Sergio Pereira's small potatoes, but Caesar Odio, I think he belongs on here.
He was kind of Odio.
He had an aroma coming from his ass.
I can't think of her name either, but she was just obnoxious.
She was one of the alienito people.
Okay.
Well, I don't know what else to call him, besides, you know, asshole.
I'm trying to make it to her.
Huh?
And isn't it interesting how many Diaz, who was the current mayor, Donner, many Diaz, he was also one of the 75 attorneys that were trying out the everyday?
Remember that?
Right.
But I guess everybody forgot about that, and I compared to his predecessor, who seems like a really wonderful guy, as mayor of Miami.
Anybody who followed Joe Carrroyo would have a lot of goodwill, I guess.
And didn't his kid, wasn't there something about this kid who was making up phony, a $50 bills or $20 bills?
Counter-fitting, wasn't that many Diaz, yes it was.
What was it?
Here's one from Alexus, and I think Janet Reena would get some votes.
Well, okay, we'll put her down.
I don't think she's going to do that great. Maybe she will.
You think?
Oh, that's right, I forgot, but that's not our crowd.
Right.
We'll put it on there just for a...
Maybe we do have a lot of Julio's out there.
Well, this weekend we'll have to do that yearly ethnic survey that we do see if we have...
Huh?
Good idea.
That ethnic and demographic survey that we do see if we have anybody left listening.
Because based on what we're hearing, especially from a certain friends of ours,
we don't have any audience left. You know, the trends are really terrible and the set of and so on.
I wonder what the reason might be.
Hey, go up those checkered pants.
Yeah, that might be...
We might be driving them away. They may be blinded by the life from the checkered pants, you think.
Can cold cuts kill?
Oh, but before we get to that, so the OJ thing I started to mention.
I'm all over the place because I got so much crap, including Superman's pal was gay.
We knew that about Jimmy Olson. We didn't know he had an affair with Montgomery Clifft.
No.
With Monty Clifft. Everybody knew that Monty Clifft was one of those.
And also that Jimmy Olson. What was his name, Jack Larson?
Right.
But now he's starting to spill the beans, so to speak.
He's starting to like elaborate and saying, ain't it great?
On the front cover of this week's National Inquirer, the day being March 11th,
which means you'll get it down there in about a month,
Daughter saw OJ murder a mom.
This is what inspired me to do this most despised public appearance out of Florida pool,
and I forgot to put him on it.
And there's a picture of OJ on a front page.
Again, when you go to the supermarket, you got to see this picture in Walgreens.
Mm-hmm.
And he's got a skull on it, and nice he looked on his pulse.
And then there's a picture of his daughter who looks more like a guy in this picture, by the way.
What is her name?
Train?
Ha, what? No, seriously. What is her name?
The Train Spreewell?
The Train Spreewell, I think, is her name.
I can't, well, I'll get to the story.
But anyway, and there's a picture that says,
the truth behind her recent 9-11 call,
and now she remembers everything, and claims in a story which I'll get to,
that she has sought out the window.
That she was awakened, or in fact, she probably wasn't even asleep in a first place,
because they had just gotten home.
Didn't send me?
Send me, very good.
Well, see, that's why you couldn't remember that.
Well, what's that horrible show with Tony Randall?
Love Sidney?
The whole, it's a horrible, I forgot.
Huh?
It's so horrible I never saw it.
Yeah.
Where he played the gay uncle or something like that.
Didn't last too long.
Try to tell you people all those fag shows, except for the one,
what's the one that's on now, Willem, is it Willem Grace?
Yes.
With their token fag, who's the real swish?
I got two.
Came cold cuts, kill.
The processed meat industry is padding itself on the back for getting the Bush administration
to water down a new plan aimed at keeping a deadly bacterium.
Listeria monocytid gen, whatever, Listeria out of Delhi meats.
We're always here to talk about a lot of history about Listeria.
US Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman pledged to step up testing after last year's outbreak
of Listeriosis, seven deaths, three miscarriages, and dozens of hospitalizations,
was traced to a tainted turkey from a professor near Philadelphia.
A professor, a processor.
Well, a tainted professor.
Now, that's the one in Tampa.
Veneman came up with a blueprint directing federal inspectors to hunt down Listeria
on the equipment surfaces and drains of every major producer,
I've already do it, eat meat and poultry.
Though the USDA selectively inspected processed meat for Listeria,
it had left testing of plant interiors where the bacteria can breed to the companies.
The National Food Process Association, the NFPA,
voiced the $500 billion industry in a major Republican donor,
called Veneman's Plan Very Honoris.
The donor was said it was honoris and predicted that universal government testing
of plants would result in undue recalls and delay meat chipmins
while test results were pending.
The final directive issued to a little notice on December 6th made the industry a lot happier.
The USDA will limit its plant testing to those that make the riskiest products
and to plants that do not do their own testing or don't share the results with the USDA.
The final version dropped plants to find companies where Listeria was discovered.
The changes outraged consumer advocates who claim that the USDA is compromising safety to satisfy industry.
The NFPA glowed in the November 11th Members Only newsletter obtained by Time Magazine,
the number of key USDA personnel have bought into much of the industry proposal,
it ended that the TUF Federal Directive was averted as a result of industry efforts made at the White House level.
Officials of the NFPA reached by time refused to elaborate on the group's lobbying efforts.
The White House deraise spokeswoman denied it had any role in the final directive.
USDA Undersecretary Elsa Morano acknowledged consulting both the White House and the industry before the final directive was issued,
but insisted it was fine-tuned solely to advance public health.
Right!
So once again, big business wins out with these grave robbers we have up there in Washington
and new people out there and puking your guts out.
You've been spending a lot of time at the bull.
If it's not over the bombs bursting in air, it's certainly going to be over the bombs bursting in the bull from Listeria.
How do you like that, huh?
I don't.
By the way, he can put this pull-up any time he wants Carlos, even though he's building him going to add to it.
Just mention it because I don't like leaving this other crap up.
You know, just leave it in the hangar.
It's not good.
I hadn't faxed it yet because I didn't know what...
You haven't faxed it yet?
Well, I didn't know what and we were going to stop adding.
Ah, Jesus, God almighty, George!
No, faxed it.
I think Greg is right about you.
942 at 560 W.D. Cume had a nice call from Tom Laman on Friday.
Thank you very much, Tom, who also mentioned your creators name a couple of times because you like that.
From our good friends at Halibh Potti, XEMC, they're proud to be responses on this program
and they're proud of it out three great Nearodgers Neal Deals going on right now at Halibh.
Neal Deal No. 1 gives yourself 0% financing on all GMC 1500 Series pickups.
You heard me correct, 0% on all 1500 Series pickups.
Neal Deal No. 2 leads the GMC on board for just $299 bucks a month plus tax for 48 months.
You heard right, only $299 a month plus tax.
And Neal Deal No. 3 buy you a Pontiac Vive and it'll cost you only $199 bucks a month, $199 a month at Halibh.
Halibh's also got great Neal Deals on used cars, trucks, SUVs.
If credit has been a problem for you, if nobody else can get you approved at any Cardiolorship in the Universe,
get yourself the Halibh because credit is never a problem for you at this great joint.
It's the great Neal Deal tripletta going on right now at Halibh Potti Act and you'll find them in the same great place they've been making great deals for people in Treating them right.
134-01 Saptics, the highway that's US-1 across from the falls, for like I said over 35 years they've been doing it.
Open every day, seven days a week.
Call the Neal Deal Hotline Tool-free at 1-888-534-4211.
That's 1-888-534-4211. Don't forget all Neal Deals has submitted the Precredit Approval C-Dealer for details.
Halibh Potti Act GMC beyond a shadow without they'd be professional grade.
9-8 and look all this is 4-805-16.
The way is new AM.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
The Roger's God.
9-47 Sonny at its-24 Celsius.
Intermino.
You know what that means?
Yeah, I got the scale in front of me here.
Let's take a look and see what-24 is.
It's-11.2 Fahrenheit, 11-0.
It looks really nice though.
It looks really tempting.
Put on your shorts, little sleeveless t-shirt and head out out there and the bask in the sunshine.
11-0.
Just one abroit-at-a-mars is going to be 38th or so now.
They're like that.
And this one day, like I said before, is an honor of the Panthers being here.
It's a freeze-out.
Let's see what we got today.
We got Noah Maddog.
Well, he sure should be really happy and not about the-oh, brother.
You see how he's going to get screwed over all year long now?
Right.
See, on the one hand, you know, I guess it's nice having these days off,
because the ball game is when we have them.
These afternoon games all, like, basically not came off to give them the day off.
But by the same token, his ratings are going to be like, clobbered by Marlon Baseball.
Hate to write to the news, Jim, Mr. Sanson, but nobody listens to Marlon Baseball on QN.
The numbers are anemic at best.
Certainly not the kind of numbers the Maddog sticks in between one and three.
Not even half, I bet.
So anyway, we get the Marlins and the Dodgers at 12.50.
Four o'clock, he got the Humper from Shulestake 2.
That's right after Marlon Baseball.
Tough act to follow.
Chicago Panther, preview at 7.
7.30, the Panthers in a Maple Leafs right here at the air Canada Center.
Eddie Camp to the Hockey Game in Joemarko overnight.
Delusional and Paranoid Grekk, I got a great radio story.
Did you see the bedtime story that I faxed you to put on our website?
What's the more, Harold?
Which I very seldom put anything from the holder of the Sun Sentinel on there.
Because you can read those stories yourselves.
But Adam Jacobson, dead air question mark, music, friends, the cry like of a variety in local radio.
Yeah, it's a good story.
I'm looking forward to give away.
We'll get to it.
And wait until you're the quote from the asshole, it's the cheap channel.
And by the way, Greg, Pete Boulders is high.
I mean, can you imagine anybody believe in a room I'm going to go to work for a clear channel?
Where did that rumor come from?
I don't know.
Pete Lenny.
Maybe the same guy that sent that anonymous thing from...
Wherever it came from from Arizona, remember that?
He sends me a copy and Greg a copy.
Pete Lenny is going to work for cross-broadcast.
And right away, he's calling a meeting.
What is wrong with this man?
He's coming unglued.
Air V-Day when I get an opportunity, a ripped-thread channel in ASS, David Ross,
PD Bulger, all of those goy-man, Gray Robbers.
And I'm going to work for them.
What time am I going to be on?
I'm between Dr. Laura and Laura and I asked, like, between 11.59 in the morning and noon, one minute a day.
What is this man talking about?
Yeah, that's for you, Greg.
Huh?
After three.
That's serious.
What are they talking about?
What do you mean after three?
They got the Shridmeister on.
I'm going to replace them.
And he works cheap.
Yeah, I replaced him in my ass.
He works cheap.
In fact, they're letting go most of their local, any talent that they've got, any states they've got,
and they're putting a syndicated crap on everywhere.
They're not hiring anybody new.
They might put George on if he'd worked cheap enough.
Here's a call from Kansas City again.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Happy Belated anniversary, by the way.
Thanks.
Yeah, he did steal my thunder with the OJ-1.
I was jumping up and down screaming about that one.
Yeah, well, that was the reason I started to pull the first place.
I was just going to have to go.
And then the raw Martinez and the fisherman.
Oh, yeah, the fisherman.
Wow, he's, he's a small potatoes.
Yeah, so I believe most small potatoes in this one also.
I'd rather listen to Marley's baseball than George.
Yeah.
But I'm out of material.
Okay, obviously.
I think he was out of material before he started, you know what?
Call it from Kansas City to be galeous with that tremendous material.
Don't call us again this year, sir.
You had your two calls for the year.
He'd rather listen to Marley's baseball than George.
Just another gratuitous shot from the evil doers out there.
Well, I know I can't sound as excited as him.
Yeah.
Kansas has said it as him or the guy that we got doing the ball games.
What else is named Dave Van Boring?
God is that guy, terminal.
Ponderous.
Up, up, and away.
It's a home run.
Wow.
He's, he's terminal.
In fact, he fits right in with that team.
Nice going, by the way.
That was the previous red gene, John Henry.
Nice going, John Henry, before Randolph to Boston,
was a baseball bat between his legs.
The scoot over Joe Angel, who wound up going out to a team
that played in the World Series last season.
And then they did that so they could have the honor of keeping Dave O'Brien.
They highly overrated Dave O'Brien around the generic sounding Dave O'Brien.
And then he like right after the season start,
last year, he says, Wongo DSPN.
Okay, it's okay, bye.
Remember that?
After they screwed over Joe Angel, who was a great guy,
who was like, you know, like, by almost everybody.
And then they bring this stiff in, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Oh, and by the way, Gildi is really going heavy duty for Judge McDonald's.
And the judge could do the game in, where did they play the other night?
In New York, Saturday night.
He's going for the jugular.
He's going for the jugular.
For his jugs, Hitler and Jettis.
In fact, he and Rimmer have had the same thing,
which I'm starting to wonder about that.
Tom Kissen.
Yeah, because I asked Rimmer yesterday, I said, well,
what kind of sleeping arrangements you guys got on the road?
I'm thinking that they're in the same room.
Jugs in the rim man.
But at any rate, so Randy Moore,
Red Deer Randy had a wind up doing a play by play on the game Saturday from New York.
And I sure like to hear some spy reports about that.
I'm sure we won't get any, because nobody listens to those games,
because it was on TV for free.
So, jugs now evidently thinks that both Randy and Gildi are out looking for his job.
Is the rumor that I'm here.
He knows your act through him, Gildi.
He's on the, he can feel the stab wounds in his back.
And Gildi's also like I said, bitching and moaning and whining to everybody who listen to him.
Hey, what am I going to do about Mo?
What am I going to do about Mo?
What am I going to do about Mo?
Just have an nervous breakdown.
I just, and that's even after that trend came out.
He knows it's focused.
He knows it'll never happen again.
Just quit your whip, we're in Gildi.
Here's a call from Poppano. Hello.
Hey, me, I got one for you.
Okay, sir.
How about Sheriff Nick?
We just put him on there like 20 minutes ago.
Oh, I didn't hear you since then.
How about him?
I didn't hear you say his name.
Sheriff Nick.
How about Gildi's name?
How about who?
Gilbert.
Yeah, okay.
Uh-huh.
Oh, boy.
Who is or was the most despised public figure in South Florida history?
H. Wayne, H. Zinga, Meyer, Lansky, Chokarroyo,
Alex Pingapakanya, Pinellas, Mo?
Howard David, Xavier Suarez, Nick Navarro, O.J. Simpson,
Rale Martinis, Alberto San Pedro, sorry Moses.
Cesar Odeos and Janet Reno.
And many more to come, I'm sure, don't you think?
Sure, I'm sure.
Kind of stuff that this audience just dwells on.
We want to hear a lot of lady callers here today, don't we?
Huh?
No.
Get that one bitch that'll call in and tell us how to do the show
and do 30% of this and 20% of that and 10% carbohydrates.
About 30.
Yeah, about 30, man.
About 30.
Oh, brother, she's something.
Seriously, I would like to club her with a baseball bat.
Or, one of those things that they've British use in cricket,
what do they call those things?
Uh, paddles.
I don't know.
No, they have a name for them.
I'd like to do cricket cricket.
I don't have that as a team fighter, you know?
A cricket club.
I would like to have her tied with cheer.
The cricket district.
I just...
Club her mercilessly.
I was going to say to your brains popped up,
but I think you'd find any.
Oh, yes, you have to...
You and George are the only ones who are doing this.
You and George and Randy.
I hear them start to talk about Randy
and about these other...
When I get those chronic radio talk nerds,
then I know we're in deep trouble.
Guess who else died, by the way?
I give up.
Not just Harold Ballard.
I mean, Hank Ballard.
See, I keep saying that.
It's a hockey thump.
Not just Hank Ballard who wrote the twist,
but Steve Carlin.
Know who that is?
No.
Neither do I.
George's brother.
Producer rigged the $64,000 question for all the old parts
like me at Boca Brian.
Steve Carlin and ingenious and irrepressible producer
of television games shows,
including the $64,000 question that others
that proved to be rigged, has died at the age of 84.
Is it die?
Yes.
Mr. Carlin was executive producer of the $64,000 question,
the $64,000 challenge in other shows that were dropped
in the late 1950s when the net worth ended all games
shows offering cash prizes.
The rigging game shows or pre-planning outcomes
in the phrase favored by the producers was still legal.
Did you know that?
Yeah, actually.
I didn't because of that movie.
Right.
The public in sponsors would not tolerate them
in their new suddenly taped context.
What was the name of that movie?
Oh, geez.
Quixho.
Quixho.
To Mr. Carlin, the shows were simply great entertainment,
following in the tradition of radio quixhoes,
which it turned out, and also been fixed.
I didn't know that either.
He saw them as less about money than I was
celebration of the working class.
Just like all these so-called reality shows
and people get indignant,
oh, well, this was all fixed and it was phony.
And that's what it's all about.
And the TV show, dummy, it's entertainment.
It's just entertainment.
It's kind of like the presidential election.
It was just for entertainment's sake.
You know, I mean, the outcome was fixed.
But it was just to entertain people and keep them out of trouble
for a couple of months, which it worked like magic.
It was almost as entertaining as alien.
I can't believe that we don't know the name of that broad.
Is nobody a factor or a set that in yet?
Yeah.
Call it in.
You know the one I'm talking about.
I know the one you're talking about.
The fact that we don't know her name means that people
are going to fear her.
I can see her right now that that head-headed bitch
with a multi-colored head of hair.
She won't get any votes.
Nobody's going to know who it is if we better down.
Oh, God.
She was just obnoxious.
Yeah.
But then again, there were so many obnoxious people
during those days.
A cadre.
From Armando Gutirrez with that same white shirt
that he wore for like 40 or 45, 50 days in a row.
And who is that Ramon Sao-Wol?
How old is that, you guys?
Shluppers to the rescue, whatever the hell his deal was.
So many from the alien era.
Well, we'll figure that out.
How about what's her name?
Maris Grisi-S.
What about her?
Do you think she merits a beat on her?
No.
Small potatoes considering the people in this list.
Okay.
9.57 at 5.60 WQM.
Speaking of small potatoes, how's the beast doing?
Did we do a weigh-in last week or did it this week?
You know what?
Friday came and went.
And I don't recall no weigh-in happening.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Well, what am I going to tell the public then?
I'm doing the spot now for our good friends who balance for life.
We'll give them all a moment of silence.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh.
Now seriously, what are we going to tell the world now?
I don't know.
If balance for life does a great job for me.
And if I can find the copy, I do an even better spot.
Well, I got the wrong copy out here.
Okay, Troy.
And that's your fault.
Did he ever bring you that copy, Carlos, for that other spot
that's going to start momentarily?
Yeah, I got it here.
I'm going to fix it during the break.
Excellent.
Nice job, Troy.
I tell you one thing.
One person on our sales department.
Let's say something nice today about somebody.
Troy Stratford, number 23.
He demand.
Yeah, nice going, Troy.
The only one in that sales department that cares enough to send
is very best, which ain't much, but at least he sends it.
Anyway, if you try to lose some weight, everybody's talking about this diet
and that diet and they got all these pills they want to study.
Everybody in the world, you know, who's also now peddling a healthy loose weight?
Tony Robbins.
You know the guy with a big head, and he had a 48 teeth.
Mm-hmm.
I saw a channel surfing last night.
He's on there peddling.
He's going to give you the right psychological attitude to lose the weight.
It bullcrap.
The easiest way to lose the weight is balance for life because they make all the decisions for you.
The only choice you make is every week they send you a little menu
and you pick between two alternatives for each meal every day that you run a program.
And that's it.
No counter-recounting, no cooking, no shopping, no carb counting, no cleaning nor worries, and just results.
Balance for life delivers you that magic little black sack.
That's the key.
Your little black sack.
In your sack, there are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks and a deliver right here
wherever you're going to be by six o'clock every morning, your home, your work, whatever.
And believe me, it's all based on the very complicated zone diet they take the complication out
because they do all the figuring for you.
It's not a drastic or dangerous crazy diet program.
It's a delicious way to lose the weight steadily and reliably.
So if you want to lose the weight once and for all, do what the beast has been doing,
we'd like to tag, I know he's lost more than 50 pounds.
We know that much.
And he better get his fat ass in there soon, okay, or else.
Let balance for life help you lose that weight and get back in the health again.
That's the important thing.
That's just looking better and getting normal size clothing but getting healthier again.
Call balance for life at 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or check out their website at balanceforlife.com.
Find the local BCC-560.
The radio is on your side.
You in.
If you go back to Canada, you two bastards.
Get in the way!
Get in the way!
What's all weight of 550-7228F?
We've been the odd days since then in Florence, El Azos.
You've got the odd days out here.
Or if I get to know about this though.
Now, here's odd days and now, here's key.
One more, one more.
Yo, yo, with a-hey, hey, welcome to the house.
A odd day in El King.
We'll be your sports doctor.
What would you be in there, man?
I'm eating my breakfast.
What's up with you?
You haven't touched your sausage.
I don't have enough.
I see.
Use mine.
Kill out, baby.
I said enough, not on my shetty.
Well, I always keep one handy.
In case I encounter those collumbians who were killed my wife.
Yeah, like you would be looking forward, though.
That's right.
I know we'll show up on the golf course one day.
Speaking of that, did you hear about the meat tree in Thunder World?
Yo, eat some of them.
You can have them all by themselves.
He should have gave me a call.
I do the job right.
Like Slasen Devil's Hand.
Oh, gay you devil you.
By the way, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the Water Nancy and Roy for giving
us this opportunity of the having our own show.
No, no one can squat like the Water Nancy.
What'd you be talking about?
He was out-sour mistakenly the other day.
I saw him squatting in the parking lot.
Well, when you got to go, you got to go.
Yeah, she went all right in every way.
That's right.
And she was squatting in different twisting and pissing and leaving super nears.
No, I understand.
And all this time, I thought I'd be ticking and alligating.
Who's there?
Who have been?
Who have been over there?
That's the program director.
What do you want?
What do you want?
You know you may have been in trouble.
Get out of here, you whacked pussy!
It's 09, a WQA.
Or 1003, a QA.
I'm all depending on who you believe.
I'm all right.
I believe them.
They got the good stuff.
Daughter saw O.J. murder mom in the National Inquirer in the March 11th issue in this week.
This is the one that's got his angry picture on the front cover.
You got to see it, man.
Actually, she looks kind of cute for a boy.
Maybe it's cause her name is Sydney.
It's just a boy's picture of her on the front cover.
I'm sure she's very cute.
And boy, one thing about his kids, man, they're both the real white.
Have you ever noticed that?
Yeah.
White and blonde like Nicole.
Well, she isn't completely white.
She's like kind of like real light mocha.
She's great.
As Sydney gets older, her memory of the incident is coming back to her below the incident report filed when Sydney called 9-11 in January.
And it's got a, I think, public hit it on that, okay?
The O.J. thing because guess who's winning the poll so far?
Don't look.
I won't look.
O.J.
And I damn near forgot to put him down.
What a moron I am.
Am I dumb or what?
Yes, I am.
68 votes who's the most despised public figure in South Florida history?
O.J. Simpson, 27.
They hate you, O.J.
You know, he does listen, by the way.
Yeah, I do that.
And we'd be delighted to put you on the EAR O.J. the day that you want to admit you want to confess.
We'd be ecstatic to put you on.
Good to be the whole time you want.
If you're in a Reno 10, now that's surprising.
I don't think we can do that well.
I think that's the freak.
The what?
The crank voted it.
No, it's your people.
H. Wayne Hypinga, 8.
Chilcarroyo, 6.
Alex Pingapakaine, 6.
Mojaro, 4.
He's tied with Nick Navarro.
Ever seen him together?
Although at least Nick's got his own here.
It may be white, at least it's his own.
Raul Martinez, 3.
Albertus San Pedro, 1.
No votes for Xavier Suarez, Meyer Lansky, or Caesar Odius.
You know who we left off here so far?
Who?
What about Ricky Tickey Sanchez?
You think he deserves to be on air?
Okay.
Huh?
Yeah, put him down.
Rick, let me just draw a line here and start.
We'll start some additions.
Eric!
What are you talking about?
I was yelling at Eric, so that time.
Well, don't be yelling at Eric.
You're not doing this right.
Hey, Carlos, does he like out of it today or what?
We never know.
Yeah.
First of all, we're supposed to be facts, Eric, to pull.
I factored to you like at 7.30 this morning.
I said you should anyway, but just in the interest of saving time.
Well, no, but he's not going to put the new ones on there one at a time.
I don't think when we get like a few more than you or Carlos.
How are Carlos can call?
How do we do it?
What are we doing?
A new deal here today just because Greg is out of control.
Anybody out there in the audience wants to come away?
Psychiatric institution.
WQM qualifies.
We got more crazy people in one building than you would.
Even at Bellevue.
I hate this place!
Exactly.
I knew it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
Oh, here's this copy.
Hey, look at that.
See, I hate to break the news to our salespeople.
And thank you very much, Troy.
But it will be a real good idea.
In fact, the top of a piece of copy, they would put like the name of the client would be good.
I know that that's probably pushing from the group again.
Are you starting up again?
Yes.
I realized that is like asking an awful lot.
You know what I mean?
Like the name of the AE and the date.
I mean, forget about that.
I've given up on it already.
You just, you finally just came in and say, screw it because they just don't care.
They won't do it.
But just for the hell of it, just to make it look good,
it would be nice if they'd like put the name of the client.
So we have some idea what the hell it is.
As opposed to just a sheet of paper with some words on it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's a call from Poppano.
Hello.
Another poll show.
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Get lost.
Get lost.
Die a wicked death, okay?
Go out and play in traffic.
Go out and play with yourself in traffic.
Got on, mighty.
Same pathetic, tragic losers in their AirBee Guide Damn Day.
Just like the asphalt under the Guide Damn Payment, they're there.
What do you want it or not?
The old S.
Brackum Fold.
Man.
And I'm aware of that, but he's another woman, such a boring voice.
Such a faceless, boring, terminal sound.
You know what?
Like the sound of a test pattern.
I think it was Greg.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Good morning.
Sir.
I have a suggestion for your despise list.
Yes.
How about Miriam Olifon?
She gets my vote.
Nah.
Not even close.
What are you talking about?
In the category where these people with win has niggas, OJ Simpson and these?
Well, she's screwed things up pretty good.
Yes, yeah.
Well, I don't doubt that.
I agree with you, but I don't think so.
All right.
Well, it was a suggestion.
Nice try.
Thank you.
Am I wrong?
No.
I don't think she's despised.
I mean, she just, most people think she's incompetent.
Most people were like, not at least four shades darker than OJ, but other than that.
See, I don't think they understand it again.
And I think that guy's right.
These polls, there's nothing wrong with the polls.
It's just that the audience doesn't get them.
Never.
And I understand them.
Who is or was the most despised public figure in South Florida history?
Miriam Elephant?
Small potatoes.
Yes.
She's not even like those little potatoes that I can never think of in the name of those little red potatoes.
Right.
Who did she kill?
That we know.
Exactly.
She didn't kill nobody.
She didn't rip off the public while I mean, not directly.
Like H. Win, High Pinger.
See, there's one thing we don't like on this show is people who lie through their teeth.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Where is that thing?
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down.
If Howard County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility, I will not play here.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next ten years saying,
here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
Swain by the wind.
Oh, look at that.
He's moving up on O.J.'s ass a little bit.
Let's see that.
Not that close.
O.J.'s got 39 votes and the Wayne Meister's got 20 and Jan. Wiener's 16, Alex Pinger's 15.
And more Howard David is moving up with 11.
Remember last poll we did and he was on there.
He didn't do it right.
Well, real mediocre.
What was that poll?
Who has the best therapies?
I die, I die.
Wow.
And I need to win that one.
Who's got the most colorful hair pieces?
Go on.
Let me forget the O.J. story, which of course if I read that it'll embellish the whole thing.
And also the dead air about the music and the radio and sound Florida by Adam Jacobson.
Let me be before I get to that little and also the governor.
Oh, Spock speaking of Jeb Bush.
So much stuff.
Governor set sites on repeal of class size measured.
Did you see the story in the hair of the yesterday?
No, but I heard the rumblings of it as it was coming.
Yeah.
Governor Jeb Bush in the States Republican led legislature will celebrate the opening of their 2003 policy making season tomorrow with grand calls for insurance reforms and prescription drug benefits.
But the battle that matters most comes down to this question.
Can Florida's governor persuade lawmakers and affect the public to erase the constitutional amendment that 53% of voters approved last year?
Capping class sizes.
Bush will probably not be as blood as in the state of the state speech tomorrow.
As he was when he was caught on tape in the heat of his reelection campaign last year.
When he assured lawmakers, I've got a couple of devious plans if this thing passes.
Fight together.
Or you sure?
Sorry.
What was the most that?
Jeb he's on one of these cable channels.
I don't want to hear him.
Lies through his teeth, goes on, gets caught on tape.
And the public still goes out there and puts it back in again.
Right.
So like I've always said, the people, the electorate and Florida get exactly what they deserve.
Okay.
Just like those old Jews that went out and voted for Papu Cannon.
Although shame on you.
Shame on you people.
All the way.
Do love that show.
What do you think we need a few more right wingers on here in MSNBC and all these other?
Do they have room?
Anyway, we'll get to the dead air thing.
But where's that one line?
We're gonna, how is it?
Oh yeah, here you go.
Rob Roberts, the head of programming for the South Florida stations in the cleared channel chain.
The Anxious Cheap Channel Chain.
And by the way, I'm not going to work for them, Greg.
Hey, to break the news, dear.
He says, if you're 44 years old and you don't like hip hop, the BWMIB, we don't care.
Says Rob Roberts, the head of programming for South Florida stations in the cleared channel chain.
Which also includes News Talk WIOD, Smooth Jazz Love 94, Contemporary Hit Radio Y100, Classic Big Rock Big 106,
Alternative Zeta 4, and Fox Sports Radio.
But understand that every station is trying to get its target audience what it wants.
Isn't that a great line?
If you're 44 years old and you don't like hip hop, the beat, we don't care.
In other words, Screwya says Cheap Channel, okay?
Screwya, and believe me, they're doing a great job of that.
They've screwed almost every guy, they've, everything they've touched has turned appear on an automated crap.
Garbage, swill.
Including WINZ, it makes me want to scream, makes me want to cry, makes me want to shout, speaking of the Islay Brothers.
Haven't worked there for several years and then of course it's Zeta when I see what they've done to that station.
50,000 Watts.
And first it was all talk with their fractions and then it was then how it's all sports with fractions.
You can put their whole audience in a guy named Telephone Booth because that's the Cheap Channel Empon Way.
And Greg Reed is going around, stirring up rumors that Neil Rogers wants to go to work for the Cheap Channel.
Right, Greg.
Right.
And I got 7,000 acres in the Everglades to sell your real Cheap 2, okay sweetheart?
Get some help.
Get some help, Greg.
You're coming on glued, baby.
Just like our lineup.
Oh, and the best line he had in this hysterical exchange with my attorney with Norma Kent over the weekend.
Is that Norm turned me against him?
Right, poison my mind on Greg.
Like I needed Norm to tell me the kind of crap that's been going on for five and a half years.
Wow.
Ted, I noticed your silent.
That's okay.
No, that's probably good.
That's a good move on your part because I know.
10, 13 at 5, 60 WQ Marlin baseball come up at 12, 50.
Any interest?
No.
Although I'm one guy in Kansas City rather than the Marlins and you.
Are you home on the track?
I've got a question for you.
Is he interrupting my spots again, Carlos?
Yes.
Bastard.
All you home on is out there.
There are a few things worse than going out in the backyard for a nice refreshing swim.
Looking into that once beautiful pool, you're isn't saying, oh my god.
Oh my god.
What the hell happened here?
It's stained.
It's dirty.
It might be cracking in the pool too.
Well, don't look at that mess anymore.
Just say no mo ugly pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille.
These guys aren't just a couple of schlepidecky pool guys who want a cleaning service out of a pickup truck.
Their real construction company uses full-time employees, not subcontractors.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business.
Diamond Bright and they do it right.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years.
They're licensed and insured professionals.
They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond brightening.
And you get the same price they give to the contractors so they're unbeatable.
In North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach call Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest installers of diamond bright anywhere in South Florida.
They can't write to you and give you a free estimate.
They also do per a pool and deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating and exotic water features too.
For the best call Atlantic Marseille tool free, like I said, don't do business.
Let some schlepidecky pool out of the pickup truck mess with your expensive pool.
Talk to the experts.
Atlantic Marseille column tool free 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883.
Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend.
Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend.
We're sportsmen you'll fight CC.
You AM.
There's a butt- I smell it.
A kid's not.
A kid's not.
A kid's not.
A cool pool.
A cool pool.
That way, high singer's suction as whole.
He held that bandage that creature.
Because he wouldn't take a shower with ankle burp.
A cool pool.
A cool pool.
I wanna give you a kiss.
Each way, high singer's suction as whole.
He's just like Hitler and they've abroad.
What's that he's pounding on?
Oh, they knew the quintessential asshole.
He only think there is left to say it's rocket.
Right away.
1019 at 560 WQM 560 705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Wayne, Hizenga, I remember those great glory days when we first came to QAM.
Remember that?
How could we forget? And Christina Moore was on here.
Oh, I don't think he's ever going to be on this radio station.
And can you imagine the first time that he knocks Wayne Hizenga at the Adi Adi Adi Adi?
See, he was right.
Oh, was he?
You knocked Wayne Hizenga.
Is Christina Moore on doing anybody heard him lately?
No.
Maybe on ESPN radio at about two in the morning on a weekend sometime?
Somebody says Rosanna Dana, which I put on there already myself.
Did you put that on?
Yes, I did.
And Jose.
Jose, who?
Lincoln D. S. Boulart?
Yeah.
He isn't belonging on there.
He's not a big deal.
Nobody knows who that is.
All right, I'll scratch it.
Get out of there!
Ilyana Ross Laiton, in which we knit Ellie H. T. I. N. E. N.
Because they got here, Ilyana Ross Laiton.
And it says, I know I spelled it wrong.
Which you did. Yes. Thank you for acknowledging that you're a...
Ilyana Gross Laiton, Rosanna Dana, obnoxious, despicable, grotesque, predictable as the day is long, man.
So anyway, we captured Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who was allegedly responsible for masterminding the 9-11 attacks.
Now, have you been watching the pictures they've shown of him?
Yes.
Have you ever seen him in Ron Jeremy together?
Oh, very good.
I mean, seriously, a walking furball.
God, grotesque.
That'd be a good pull to take one day.
The most grotesque person you've ever seen in your life.
Not including us on QM, because we've taken enough abuse already.
Wouldn't that be a good one?
Yeah.
Chances for people to bash, they like bash, and man.
Here's another one.
I'd like to add to your list, Dr. Kennedy, from the Coralbridge Prisputary Insert, and Steve Kane.
Mr. Rigo, small potatoes.
Small potatoes.
You want to put them on here?
Yeah.
You're right, small potatoes.
I mean, he's like the most despised.
I mean, Dr. Kennedy might be okay.
Huh?
That's Dr. James Kennedy, is it not?
Yeah, let's put that on here.
Dr. James Kennedy.
Isn't it D. James?
Well, James Kennedy, whatever.
I don't know what D. is in Dingbat.
Okay, we're building the list.
Another one of those pulls that gets that guy all whipped up into a frenzy.
He's squeezing himself right now.
He's reaching for it.
He's grabbing it.
Now, I know that you always do a pull.
What?
How does he know that?
Does he have a friend call him?
Because he listens every minute of every day.
He's out there right now.
He loves it.
He's squeezing it with a tweezers.
He's squeezing it.
And pleasing it.
The squeezers?
OJ Simpson 50, the most despised public figure in South Florida history.
That includes all time, OJ.
That includes the last 50,000 years even worse than the Bufo Toads.
They despise you.
You're obnoxious.
I think even starting to turn on your man.
Don't let me forget that story about his daughter and the aquarium.
Okay.
It's important crap.
OJ 50, Wayne Heisenga 39.
I think we helped him along a little bit with that song.
Changing to get on me.
It's changing to get like a freaking comedian.
OJ 54, Wayne Heisenberg, Pingo 41.
See? He's moving up.
Pretty good battle I'd say.
He's given a run for his money.
Alex Pingo, Picanja 20, Jan. 019.
Phil Carroio 17.
Well Howard, Howard David did not do in bad with 16.
I mean, for being there only one year, 16 votes ain't too shabby, you know what?
Nick Navarro 10.
Oh, and as a matter of fact, isn't it coming up like in about 10 or 11 days most one year anniversary on QA?
Marks 13, I believe was our unlucky day.
I mean, I think so.
Better check that out.
Nick Navarro 10.
Rale Martin is for Alberta San Pedro, appear.
Xavier Suarez, one.
Meyer Lansky and Cesar Odeus each have the big.
Oh, nobody know like Meyer Lansky.
That's too far back, you know.
Right.
Who the hell remembers him?
In addition to which, like I said, he had a cute little dog.
He was always nice to be old ladies on Collins Avenue.
Never stole a freight train.
It was good for the Chamber of Commerce.
He used to tell everybody the hotels here are pretty damn nice.
Just a retired investor trying to live on the floor.
He was just a retired venture living on a pension.
That's all he was.
God damn it.
5670560, pound 56 on the AT&T line.
We're on the Marlon pregame show by the way.
Marlon's at 1250, Marlon's in the Dodgers.
Would Dave Ann Boring, pay no just neighbor?
Neil.
One more please, then just neighbor.
Yes sir, Miami.
Oh, happy anniversary to you.
Thanks.
I have to spend one of the people who found you by accident in 1992.
I written, we rented a U-Haul truck and the FM radio was busted.
Yeah.
And that's how we found you.
Hey, who's the one who gave us Metro Rail in the 70s and 80s?
Maristirheim.
Okay.
He's still around.
And also who's the one who got the new Metro Rail Tax task last year?
Now let's think of Pakenia.
Oh, God.
All right, and also Joe still in Australia?
5670560, you know who that sounded like to me?
Who?
I could be wrong.
Maybe everybody said you're gay.
Yeah, and congratulations winning your fight over the weekend, Reverend Jones.
You see that?
No.
Reverend Jones won his big fight over the weekend.
5670560, what you're ready to hear about boxing or Tiger Woods?
And the good news, you'll be very excited to know all your sports nerds out there,
is starting on Wednesday and all the rest of the week to the weekend.
QM, except for us of course, because we don't count.
QM is going to be heavy with golf at the rail.
Oh!
Yeah.
Everybody's going to be out there doing their shows at the rail.
Even a morning show Wednesday at the rail.
You ready for that?
Big day on Wednesday because Wednesday is also fast for the war.
It is right marked on the calendar there.
We're supposed to fast.
No.
Slow.
Yeah, I was fast real slow.
I'm not going to fast for the war.
What is that mean?
The Pope said you got to.
Ah, screw it up, Pope.
Okay, and fast.
Thank you for it.
Did you see that Straybott?
They're suggesting he goes over there to be a human shield.
Did you see that?
Oh, what an excellent idea.
How can we get behind that effort?
I think that was on Lynn's website.
One moment for you.
Oh.
Oh, find it.
Well, while you're finding it, I'll tell you about Jeff's neighbor.
Yeah.
Who you notice you haven't gotten a fax from in weeks because he sends a hundred of them over here
and I throw them all away.
He's not here.
No, because he's very frustrated.
He's sending like, you know, two, three, four of the same fax.
David, cut the crap, David.
We're not going to use them.
We're not interested.
You've all done it.
You've worn out.
You're welcome.
Just like a lot of the chronic callers.
You've worn out.
You're welcome on the fax machine.
That was not on her website.
Where the hell did I see that?
God damn it.
Oh, no.
After the eight million websites that I checked this morning, and now I can't find the damn one about suggesting that they use the Pope as a human shield.
He'll be able to use Jesus' power to deflect the missiles.
He can do just like in the war of the world and hold up that crap, you know.
As I walk to the values of Chateau, I don't know if I've felt fear or no evil.
Sorry, I didn't work too good.
Oops.
You notice we didn't have any calls about Jordana Brewster because they have no idea who that is.
She's hot.
She is hot.
She should be a lot more famous than Cameron Diaz.
Right.
She's a good actress too.
It's not at all off, eh?
But that's the way it is.
There's no justice in this world, man.
There's just no justice.
A lot of marginal people can make all the big bucks and really hot people who really have a lot of talent.
Well, unless they're looking around the right places, she looked pretty damn good to make.
What is her name again?
Jordana Brewster.
I just mentioned that for you guys out there wanting to check her out on the internet.
Now you said there were some pretty good pictures around there like naked?
No, I haven't found any naked ones.
You ought to be looking for them out with me.
Not on the station computer.
Oh, I'll come back and there will be just a big empty space where that computer used to sit.
Right.
And bars on the door.
Oh, my God.
1027 at 560 WQA.
How many times you heard about an opportunity and you didn't act?
You didn't grab it when it was right there in front of you and you missed out.
Right now is one of those times where it is an opportunity in a rock.
Thank you, but this one should 3.45% financing with the financial group 3.45.
That's what I just said.
Call 1-800-940-Lend.
You might be wondering how long these low interest rates are going to last.
Who knows?
But when you look back on history, not very long.
It's the opportunity, a window of opportunity, go through with the financial group and get 3.45% financing and save yourself thousands of dollars with 3.45% financing.
Call financial group tool free 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-Lend.
What will 3.45% financing do to your monthly payments?
Bring them away down.
For example, if you have a $200,000 loan of cost, you only $900 a month.
If you have a $100,000 loan of cost, you only $450 a month.
Don't wait. Get the ball rolling. Do it now.
Call financial group tool free before the rates change.
Call 1-800-940-Lend.
The RECOIL housing letter.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without notice.
5.34 APR.
When in doubt, check it out 1-800-940-Lend.
What?
I'm an oil.
This is 420-560-2AM.
Air of exploding balls.
Attorney General, Janet Reno has purchased a Red Ford pickup truck.
Hi, I'm Janet with Aves of Granite.
Today I've got my traveling companion, a legal alien Paco by my side.
Go and have a look at that.
Paco is my full-time houseboy and part-time off-slave.
Go and have a look at that.
He'll be riding shotgun with me till we hit Florida.
Then I'm going to dump his tight little can-can in Miami and push him off with a volley ball
and an inflatable super bowl chair.
I need some me time.
It's all about Janet and the open highway.
I've grown weary of Paco anyway.
Hola, Mujacca.
He's been leaving his stinky cigars all over my apartment trying to convince me to do a Monica Winsky forum.
That's not for me.
I told him, hey Paco, that's an exit. Hola, Mujacca.
Plus I got a shot at hook and pick up with Ellen now that all fully blown in.
And he's out of the picture.
Nothing like rambling down and interstate that clear your mind.
Mujacca.
Be looking for Janet Reno's red-fort pickup truck, traveling the countryside later this month.
Even Mohawar David is beating her out.
He's got 20 votes. He's got 19, poor Janet.
1032-560 WQM.
So over the weekend it was kind of a mixed bag, you know what?
The captured colleague, a chic Mohammed, who looks like Ron Jeremy on a bad day.
That was the good news.
The bad news is that Turkey said, no, take your 16-billion, your 22, your 32-billion, whatever the real figure is and stick it.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
The Turks.
Mm-hmm.
And then all of a sudden Friday afternoon, just when we're starting to destroy over the weekend, destroy their missiles.
The Iraqis?
Right.
The Iraqis.
And every fly sure Friday afternoon says, oh well, weapons of mass destruction alone ain't going to cut it.
We have to have regime change.
And all these people in the U.N. are going, uh, what?
Stop what you told us before.
And thought when it was not in the resolution, even Froggy Jean Crchna, here said, what the hell you be talking about?
They said, totally unacceptable.
And the Arabs that they were meeting over the weekend, they said, well, if it's regime change there this week, who the hell's it going to be next week, you know?
Right.
So I keep trying to tell you this, but of course there are people out there who just don't want to get it.
The die has already been cast.
It doesn't make any difference what they do.
They can destroy not only their own weapons of mass destruction, but everybody else is to accept ours of course.
And that still wouldn't be enough.
Because now they're bringing back that old saw again about regime change.
Oh!
Well, you got it.
I just mentioned that in passing and I want to get into a whole big song in advance.
Somebody suggests Jorge Masca knows it for our list.
I put him down there immediately, as soon as I saw that.
Mm-hmm.
No Mas.
No Mas.
Jorge.
No more.
No, not no more.
But remember that in the Herald No Mas?
Yeah.
Who is or was the most despised public figure in South Florida history?
H. Wayne, H. Zingham, Meyer Lansky, Joe Carreroio, Alice Penga, Pakenya, Pinellas, Mohar Davida, Xavier Suarez, Nick Navarro, O. J. Simpson,
Raul Martinez, Alberto San Pedro, Cesar Odeus, Janer Bino, Rick Sanchez, Iliana Ross, Layton, and Dr. James Kennedy, or Jorge Masca-Nosa.
O. J. is pulling away again.
They despise you O. J.
And what have we got in the list?
Or we don't have the new ones under yet?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
They're coming.
228 votes.
O. J. has got 74.
Wayne's got 47 and Penga Pakenya 25.
Joe Carreroio tied with Mohar Davida with 20.
That's quite an accomplishment, Mohan, just one year.
To be tied with Joe Carrero, huh?
How do you like that?
As the most despised person in South Florida history?
You've got to admit that's a pretty damn impressive accomplishment, wouldn't you think?
Impressive.
It's time to get it on.
Oh, that's not the one I like.
I like the one where he says, one moment please.
It just, it does something for me.
You asshole!
Such emotion!
You asshole!
Who?
Stends me right through the ceiling.
You asshole?
560560, pound 560 on a 18 and T line.
Daughter saw O. J. Duets as the inquirer.
I don't forget to read about Sydney seeing O. J. Killer Mom.
Adam Jenkinson in the hero yesterday says,
Music fans decry lack of variety in local radio and basically says that most of the local radio sucks and blows.
Didn't mention Arnie in there.
Of course he doesn't realize I'm going to work for a clear channel pretty soon.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you?
I'm doing okay.
I don't know if this has been mentioned yet, but this is the most contemptible person I've ever met.
I've done work for the guy.
He's everybody knows him.
I can't believe anybody's been saying,
Nikki, the tricky, erison.
On the keyerison, that's the Ahe Belong Center.
Yeah, and this one maybe not so good, but Dave Hirschman.
No.
That's Malfa Tatus.
Can you impact the New York he got out of our hair?
So long.
But I will say this though, in honor of Ahe Hirschfeld.
Yes.
There you go.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
Remember that?
How can we forget?
Did you ever like that?
Why, yeah, they perched a lump here.
I would do you remember that?
We don't want to talk about that.
Get the hump wrong upset.
We don't want to do that.
5607.0560, pound 560, the Audi AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Our poll question today is, who looks better, Tom Welling or Chris Reeve?
That's bad.
Oh, how does you do that?
Or Jordan Abruster?
Who?
Pretty or Tom Welling or Jordan Abruster?
I bet you Nadine would like to vote on that.
Nadine from Jersey?
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm Ryan.
Great.
I just wanted to tell you, I passed by I-95 and I have a big pool bottle.
I showed you your, your, your head.
The billboard.
Here's our first call on the billboard.
And how did it look?
It's really beautiful except for one thing.
Yeah.
It's time sharing.
It changes every few seconds to something else.
Right.
Wow, that's all.
Listen, don't knock it.
We'll take anything we can get.
Well, that's what you got, buddy.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
Thanks.
Here's the first one.
Here's our first spy report.
It's one of those that changes to like three or four other things.
Oh.
Which means they got a real cheap.
And then when you find out that the only reason they went and got any billboards at all
is because they thought that they were getting sued for not having it.
That's really embarrassing, isn't it?
Isn't it, isn't it boys and girls?
Isn't that embarrassing?
Yeah.
You find out that after five years of doing spectacular work and making these people all this money,
and getting all these gigantic ratings,
that the only way that they would actually live up to that end of their contractual obligations
was threatening to get their ass sued.
Oh my God, Greg.
Wouldn't you be embarrassed with that, huh?
Uh-huh.
Man.
No wonder when he went in there the other day,
and I made some comment about pain or mismoney.
He went running out of there like somebody shot him and he asked for the cannonball.
And I just said it like, you know, I could say that anything.
Right.
Just out of thin air right away.
And he's still not about all this other crap.
I'm going to tell you, I had the most neurotic, psychotic afternoon here on Friday
that I've had in my life.
All based on stuff I didn't even know what that they were talking about.
And let me give since muff one of his assignments in areas tough as Simon
is listening to the show every day between nine and one.
I was almost 10 and two.
Never going to happen, though.
Let me just suggest this to you.
Okay.
Next time you call this number or any number that I'm at,
and you say Greg wanted me to call and say, and you know what?
You're going to hear a media leave not sooner.
I got an idea.
I'll give a clue.
Yeah.
That dial tone.
Greg wanted me to say, and then you're going to hear,
that right off the bat.
I don't take calls from pimps from intermediaries from messengers.
You follow what I'm saying?
Right.
I want to hear it direct from the horses.
Correct them.
Mouth.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
We're radio-ish here at QA.
And we got a, and we're billboardish, too now.
Yeah, we're a little billboardish.
We got billboards up there like on a timeshare.
My quiz goes up there for like two seconds,
and then there are like 75 other different things that pop up.
And then maybe an hour later, there's Niels Puss again.
If you look real quick.
Excellent. Great job, Greg.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Leo.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I know what you're talking about these panthefans all the time.
I bought one of those lithogram pictures of the grumper.
And I missed out on seven or eight people.
They said, who would you buy?
And they said, who the half is that?
Yeah.
You didn't even know who the grumper was.
Girl, grumper was the, I saw him playing in a Montreal uniform
and playing off game against Alicia, the 9 Leaf TV.
Wow. Wow.
Mr. Been cool.
Hey, I was down the island last year, and I granted a bunch of people from Toronto.
And this before Toronto got knocked out of the playoffs.
Yeah.
They had a hatred for Sunday.
Any input on that one?
No, they don't.
The people here love mad Sunday.
I don't know who that loves people.
It must have been about your frogs, okay?
Probably some caddy fans masturbating, yeah.
Yeah, well, they love.
Everybody here loves number 13, man.
They make no mistake about it.
We're not talking about Dan Merino.
Go Leafs go, especially not when they play the Panthers at the Air Canada Center, the ACC.
Turn down the ACC at the ACC because it's already like 23 below zero outside.
It's cold enough, I think.
In fact, you know something they could play right out on the Young Street.
They could play the game.
It's like a skating rink.
Kind of like Greg.
You know, he's skating up to nice.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the ATT.
Just that was kind of like a default call, you know what?
Gump Orsley, Eddie Jackamon, Brad Park.
Let's start talking about some old hockey assault.
That's always good for ratings boost.
In fact, you know who I could have had here on the show today to do a hockey show.
Yeah.
Could have had him right here in my little studio.
Well, call him up.
No.
259 votes.
Who is or was the most despised public figure in South Florida history from the bottom of Cesar Odias?
Alberta sent Pedro, Mairlansky and Xavier Suarez.
Each have a peer.
Royal Martinez has four.
Nick Navarro.
Now we're starting to move a little bit.
Got 15.
Janorino 19.
Chocarrillo 22.
Mohauer David had 25.
His past Chocarrillo.
Unreal.
And his own a virgin pass in Mayor Pingafakenia, Alex Penelos 26 and Moes only won on his behind.
Then it's a long way up there to H Wayne Highsinger with 57.
And OJ, 83.
They'll never catch him.
Huh?
He sure can run that way.
That's caused.
That's right.
And smarter those bad knees, man.
He can still move it.
That OJ.
19 before 11 at 560 WQA.
They can move it at Pompadot Park.
I'll take that.
They're moving in the fly-in right around that track.
And tonight is a big night at Pompadot.
All you yantes out there, all you people will enjoy a good free meal.
It's free spaghetti dinner at Pompadot Park by a Pompadot Park program tonight.
And get a coupon for a great free spaghetti dinner.
Enough said about that.
One of our famous free spaghetti dinner nights at Pompadot Park.
Cemetery Village, get them all together and head out to Pompadot Park.
Just by the program in dinner is free.
The only horse racing fireworks stunch in the world takes place this Friday,
March 7 at Pompadot Park.
It's called Hot to Try.
Australian stuntman Vincent Silvestro and his wonder horse,
Handby Silver, will amaze you as Vincent stands on the shaft of his Aussie race bike,
holds the rain in his teeth, 15,000 candle-power marine-flares in his hands,
and while Handby Silver races around the dark track, shoots off more than 2,000 rounds
of fireworks from the back of his race bike.
And the grand finale is exciting as Mark's July 4 display.
As Macy's, whatever the hell this says.
General parking admission is always free at Pompadot Park.
Fireworks show his 9 p.m. this Friday, along with exciting harness racing action course,
starting at 7 p.m. free miniature horse rides, free face painting,
and clowns for the kids in live music too.
I can't wait to see Fat Rich's with his face painted.
That Rich just, a lot of paint.
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, we got great live racing for at Pompadot Park,
located at the block side of the Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
Easy to get to from both I-95 and the Turnpike.
Don't forget the big hot to try horse racing fireworks stunt show this Friday,
March 7, and don't forget to come out to Pompadot Park,
Saturday, March 15, and week from Saturday,
in wind-up vacation trip for two to treasure-cage resort in Marina and Avacobahamas,
great racing and lots of other activity going on for you,
and cymbal-casting every day, seven days a week, at Pompadot Harness.
My line and local, we are sports radio five CCs, you a few a.m.
I'm getting palatable.
Well congratulations, go live.
Fat father, I'm honored and grateful that you would see me today.
Don't be, my most valued friend.
For what reason do you bother me today?
I want a station as it I'm old, okay?
And what has he done to reserve such a fate?
He's a mean man, a very mean man.
He wants to be mobilized.
He's a little certain I have to, because I will have a big entirely.
Thank you, Fat Father, Fat!
Wow.
Grandpa DIOI.
Dirndei?
Dirndei is sports.
Uh-huh.
Heyinees, yeah?
No ke atranged wind, rodeo Joining me seeing cram.
Bodrieben  Em abrasir primer?
Not a true chimney.
Fuckin', I'mvapirya Iampe!
I'm fed up with it. I'm not mow.
I'm giving him that mow.
I'm just filling in today. I'm boke of brine.
Oh, the brine.
I must have got confused this year.
You're next. It looked like a noisker.
Yeah, it does, doesn't it?
So, where's mow?
Well, he knows Geldie put a contract out on him
so he's siding out at Skoogans.
Skoogans, huh?
Yeah. And he's using Clarence for a human shield.
I know that, Glenn. Come on. Let's go.
I gotta jump into the jackpot.
Okay.
To the love bug.
My pants guard is full.
Would you wish like another kitty?
Yes.
Oh, he's loud.
No, Clarence.
What do you say we glowed his pot stand?
For a little spore hose.
Who should he do to do to you?
Oh, I really should be getting back.
What?
Oh, don't say it.
I'll let you know. I guess.
What?
Let him do it.
Go on.
Go on.
Nine-to-one.
Four.
Four.
No women.
Just men.
Damn.
Give my arm a little bit.
Ha-ha.
I got it.
The jigs up, all.
Let me hack it.
Yeah, what about it?
Oh, and you're sure we can save you?
Pick up the pink chicken tin.
Hey, everybody.
This race told me.
I'm not getting it.
Stop it.
I'm just going to lose it.
Having fun, man?
I'll be back.
I, you little assay.
What are you doing outweighin' five in shields?
Well, my wife likes it so much.
I always dress like this now.
Hmm?
Oh, oh, oh.
You like him better than me?
What?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
1049-560-WDQM.
Here's a tremendous quote to be able to this week's Time Magazine.
You know, in the notebook where they hold all these different outrageous quotes from different people?
Yes.
The last one.
Well, let me just tell you who it's from before I give you the quote.
President Bush.
Oh, no.
Oh, I see.
This is former-
Oh, no.
Even worse.
George Herbert Walker Bush, number 41.
Former President, when asked whether Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake should get back together again.
Don't even know those two kids don't want to know them.
What, they prayed.
Number 41.
Don't even know.
He doesn't know Britney Spears and Justin Tinkerbell.
And that incredible?
Well, no.
It's very credible.
Silly old quote.
56670560-POM-560 on the AT&T Verizon line.
This is a very migraery column which you facts me, your carlist.
This isn't exactly what I was looking for, but it'll do.
About the Pope sending MS series to Baghdad to be, you know, human shields, et cetera.
But at any rate, to make a long story short, that's not the one I was looking for.
I'll find it a little pop up somewhere.
56670560-POM-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't forget to remind me about the OJ story about his daughter.
Don't forget about Sydney.
And don't forget about Adam Jacobson in the hero yesterday.
Dead air, question mark, music fans, you quite lack of variety and local radio.
And how it blows and how this asshole from cheap channel makes an idiot a comment
to insult everybody who might be listening to their stations.
What a moron, man.
Of course, he must be working for that company.
I heard you're going to work there.
Right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
How are you doing, buddy?
OK.
Hey, man.
I haven't been able to talk to you since, well, I've called you twice, but I've been listening to you since the late 70s, early 80s.
I think you were with the bird back then.
In the late 70s and early 80s, yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Hey, yeah, I think you were.
Anyway.
86, 87, 87, the bird.
Really?
Yeah.
See how time flies when you're having a good time?
Time goes fly, buddy.
Yeah.
Hey, whatever you put in that bitch with a dwing stop.
What about it?
The bitch used to have you still play that?
Yeah.
You do?
You play that one?
No.
Wow.
Woo!
567, 0560, huh?
I'll tell you one thing.
It's a good thing we do come up with some pool questions.
And what about the ladies?
Remember, I said we're going to get a lot of women calling in today.
It's just a response to a pool question.
It doesn't require a lot of time.
It doesn't require a lot of energy.
It doesn't require a lot of creativity, even if we say no.
It's a bad choice.
Something like that.
Nothing.
Zippo.
On your sports station for the a new millennium.
567, 0560, 0560 on the 18th.
So we find out that we got that one billboard up there on Pembroke Road and 995.
That's a switch, switch, a Roo shared time one.
It's got like 30-thousand things on it.
And if you look real quick, there's my push, but you can't read it because it's not there long enough.
Now where are the other ones?
Huh?
Where are all the other ones that we're supposed to be having around?
When you think there'd be, I'd have a schedule of where they are.
When you think our program director could be right on the top of that.
A bunch of locations.
A lot of people.
The people who actually are listening can look for them and give us fire reports.
Oh yeah, we saw the one over there on by the turnpike.
Whatever wherever they are.
You would think.
You'd think.
But instead, he's too busy making phone calls and he's being the Pimp instead.
Making phone calls on behalf of a certain other Ojampravakadur Goyam.
Don't do it again, Ma, if I tell you, you hear the dial tone real fast.
Here's Hi, Lea. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Long dead, still taking brides and in my lander.
Who is it?
Henry Milander.
He was before Raila Martinez, American version of Raila Martinez and Hi, Lea.
I remember reading about him.
Yeah, very corrupt.
Thanks, Neil.
Thank you so much.
Henry Milander, should we put him on there?
Who? Nobody's going to remember who that is.
No, he's, I understand what he's saying.
Yeah.
Guys been dead for 100, 100 years.
Well, this is a guy who's been around a long time.
Okay, a lot longer than we have.
Apparently.
I've only been there like almost 30 years.
And you, I mean, you know, you want to call the off the rubber raft a few years ago.
Right.
Yeah, Carlos, well, little beer board.
He just came across the Mexican border what about six months ago.
George found Carlos under an overpass, by the way, is why he showed up at the station.
Was a little sack, little knife sack on a stick.
Took pity on me.
Don't ask us why.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Where's the women I want to see?
So here you go.
There is a lady in Miami.
I knew I'd get one.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Am I the first broad calling for the day?
You're the first bag.
I mean, the lady calling right.
Cool.
You know who I hate with a passion.
Who's that?
Ken Jennings.
He's Fox.
Ken Jennings.
Can I keep my bones?
Can Jennings.
He blows.
Okay, thank you.
I need to take my vote back so that I can vote for him.
Yeah, Ken Jennings, GE and N.E.
Mm-hmm.
Broward County Sheriff.
We've had a long list of Broward County Sheriff's to our assholes, lady, and your rights.
See, I told him to get some lady in here, even though she sounded a little bit off.
She was all right.
Frog face and canoam.
Ken Jennings.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
I'm not sure if she was the first one to get in here.
Huh?
A real stroke of genius by our genius leader.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
A man with his head buried so deep in his head.
On Shoft, agility mat flooring.
On Shoft, agility mat flooring.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
And your dogs are always in the presence of a counselor while at play.
Mark Avenue Pet Resort the vacation spot that your pet will absolutely love.
Sorry tiny too late.
My life and love all this is for real by city.
You way, you way, yeah.
For you, you way, yeah.
Go fuck yourself.
Whether you're a Muslim wanting to get rid of those annoying curds.
A Sikh trying to rid the world of Hindus.
Or a Christian wanting to eliminate abortionists.
There's only one place to shop for all your religious weaponry.
Religious weapon supply company.
At RWS, we believe in the rights of all religions to physically assert their prejudice against other religious groups who don't agree with their self-revalues.
RWS supplies all organizations with a vast range of weapons.
And we ship all over the world.
For only a small extra charge, we offer an engraving service to have the name of your faith and spread on each weapon,
indicating to your God your level of commitment.
So before you start your next jihad, stock up now at RWS.
Religious weapon supply because you know your faith is right.
So you see McDonald's is any fruit to their menu over in the British Isles?
No.
Especially they have enough fruit over there already.
You bet.
They're adding fruit to their menu.
I have some of fries with my fruit, some watermelon fries.
No, is that fried fruit?
Probably.
Deep fried.
Oh, that sounds good.
On a deep fried watermelon?
Deep fried cantaloupe.
Deep fried strawberries.
They've been chocolate.
Bredded fried banana.
Mmm.
Nothing like a British banana.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the Escher opening spotted.
Pound 5, 6, the...
On the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line.
We're just going some time for here today until that Marlon game comes along.
At 12, 50 Marlins in the Dodgers, exhibition is baseball.
Yeah, it was Channel Surfing yesterday afternoon and it was at Saturday.
Maybe it was Saturday.
Because there was a bunch of hockey games on in the afternoon.
I'm Channel Surfing and it was like some exhibition baseball on there.
On WPIX they had the Yankee game on and then on SBK they had some of the Red Sox game on.
Guess how long I watched both of those games put together?
I don't know.
That long.
Just that long like you just hear about two and a half seconds.
Here's a call from Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
How about Jose Canseco?
And he's good.
Down the straw.
Yeah, he's got a zero straws on a wrong coast.
Jose Canseco is good.
What's the thing?
Sure.
Can Jenny just one on here?
I'm sure he'll get some votes.
Make no mistake about it.
And because Jose Canseco probably get a couple of two.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18 team for Ryzenlin.
Who is or was the most despised public figure in South Florida history?
H Wayne Heising, a Meyer Lansky.
Meyer ain't doing too good, is he?
What?
We got 344 votes.
Well, Meyer Lansky's only got two votes.
See, on this show we like the Godfather.
Right.
And Mickey Harrison who just went up there momentarily,
he ain't got any votes.
Come on.
Let's let him the Mickey baby.
Let's get Mickey Harrison a voter too, damn it.
OJ109.
They can't touch you, OJ.
They can't touch you.
H Wayne Heising is 74.
Mohawar David had just edged in the third place.
Let's hear it for the Moe Meister.
31 votes, one ahead of both Joe Carrillo and Alex Pingapicani
with 30 of peace.
Janorino 27 and Nick Navarro 20.
All the others are small potatoes.
Like Frankie Pintangeli.
Like George, small potatoes.
Here's a call from Cretler Ridge.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
The ladies, me and the year before is our Sylvia Adiana.
What is that?
A broken lady?
Sylvia, what?
Adiana.
She's that great-year lady that was always on for William Alien.
I don't know.
I think it was Sylvia,
but I don't think Ariana doesn't ring any bells with me.
Does it ring about with you, George?
No, but this guy does.
Drugs and drugs.
Oh, okay, we trust you.
Trust me, sir.
Okay.
Thank you.
We trust him.
Well, no, I mean, why were you so negative just because it was one of your people?
There's one of those guys, either the negative guy that balled out.
Nobody's not.
It is not.
Everybody who sounds like they have a voice right away.
I understand it's going to be a little paranoid, but everybody who's got a voice.
Oh, that's a weapon, Joe.
All right, did that before?
That's right.
Huh?
I think George is actually right on this one.
What?
That was one of those guys.
One of our favorite...
What a week here!
Maybe he had to write the information.
Do you think just because his eyes...
Might I?
...he might not contribute.
I don't think that was your name anywhere though.
It was Sylvia's something though, but Ariana, I don't...
I don't remember that name, do you?
You know what if they got the right name?
I wouldn't recognize it.
No, no. Sylvia's right.
But I would bet at least half of your paycheck that is wrong, huh?
Anyway, somebody will know that, maybe, and maybe not.
It's just we just don't have those people listening anymore.
Since the alien episode, what are Hulio people when they went by by?
It's simply a curse for the cranks.
Everybody else left.
We're bad people now.
We're evil.
We have no ethics.
The shfarts who they all left after Condoleezza, you know, they're all gone.
And then of course, after alien on the...
Hulio's are gone, the spicks.
And so what do we got left?
We got a few red necks, and of course they like bush.
So they're all gone.
So what?
What do we got left?
Alienating the whole audience.
And then of course they put us on a nine following mole, and people are like him, sure hate us like poison.
So those people are gone at nine o'clock.
What do we got left?
Squat, that's right.
Nothing.
And then we got Greg making the hysterical phone calls all day on Friday.
What does that tell you?
Places coming on Good Boys and Girls.
QAMF, we're radio-ish.
Here.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do we have Miriam Alonzo in that loop?
No, we don't.
Somebody suggested that, but she's not in the same league with these other people.
How is she the, you know, a steveing bitch also?
No.
The most the most the most the spiced public figure would stop Florida history.
She's more local, I guess.
We just think of Paul and 85% of America said, where am I?
You know, good God.
Daughter saw OJ murder mom says the national inquire March 11th issue.
The one with the very angry OJ picture on the front.
In a bombshell new development of the OJ Simpson saga.
Did you hear that?
The word that they used in a bombshell?
Some family members now believe OJ's daughter Sydney saw her father murder her mother Nicole.
The inquire has learned exclusively.
Oi!
Sydney repressed her horrifying memories for years, but they're working their way to the surface relative say.
And they were an underlying factor in the blow up with their dead that led to these 17 year olds much publicized 9-11 call in January.
Now, as she remembers everything declared a family insider, that revelation doesn't surprise Nicole sister Denise Brown.
She told the inquire where she believed Sydney's 9-11 call was a cry for help.
And she may well be struggling with frightening memories that stem from witnessing her mother's death in 1994.
But if you really want to know for sure, ask OJ Denise said he was there.
What a sense of humor that Denise has got.
Too bad we hate her like poison too, you know.
Yeah.
She's a real bitch Denise.
Anyway, now where's the scenario they have here?
Oh, here you go.
A family insider says this, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep.
A kid of the dog was barking, so she couldn't have been asleep fast asleep because a kid of the dog.
Not a kid of a cale in.
Right.
He might have been barking too.
It says a kid of the dog slept in Sydney's bedroom, so even in the unlikely event, he was asleep.
The dog could have woken her as he left her room barking.
This is when the, uh, Timmis was going on outside.
What's more, the mystery of Nicole's open front door is a significant clue that points to Sydney having seen them murder.
The insider, there's always an insider and other family members believe this is the scenario that likely unfolded the night of the double murders.
The night OJ murdered both Nicole and Ron Goldman.
A wound up city didn't fall asleep, while she was woke awakened by the barking dog or other noises.
From her bedroom, she heard her mother arguing downstairs near the front door.
She went to the landing by the top of the stairs and peeked downstairs.
Nicole was outside arguing with an enraged OJ.
Nicole would not have left her front door wide open with her children alone in the house.
Sydney walked downstairs and opened the front door to see what was going on.
There on the walkway, she witnessed Simpson's savagely murdering her mother.
A horrified Sydney ran back upstairs to the safety of her own room, where her mom had told her she would always be safe.
Hoping it was only a dream, Sydney still in shock, repressed what she had witnessed so she wouldn't have to deal with the gruesome images.
Having already lost her mother, she was faced with later losing her father as well as the insider.
So when investigators asked her if she heard or saw anything, she honestly answered that she didn't, because she had repressed the incident.
But a year later, as Sydney gets older, her memory of the incident is coming back to her.
A source, post of these Simpson case, told the inquirer, that OJ has always believed Sydney saw or heard something that night,
and that's the reason why he never allowed her to testify to his murder trial.
One of OJ's own investigators believed that Sydney heard her mother arguing with a man it was a fight.
When OJ was told as he vowed, no child of mine is giving evidence at my trial according to the close source.
It'll be over my dead body, to which we would say,
Oh right!
Yeah, wouldn't we?
I would.
Oh brother, I would dance. I would dance a jig.
I'm telling you right now.
But don't forget about the Jimmy Olson story.
Okay.
It's in the same inquirer. This is definitely an issue you've got to go out and buy a separate effect you're going to get it for free.
Right. All right.
If him went and finally shows up, how come you, and by the way, this kid on the sopranos, he didn't look all that bad.
He had a drug kid.
Which one?
Robert Tyler.
He's lost a lot of weight as he's aged.
Yeah.
He could be the one in the series started. He was just a pudgy little kid.
He's 17.
Almost old enough.
Huh?
He looks almost human.
So, Prano's kid partying his way to disaster. Robert Eiler, underage drinking and drugs could land the trouble team behind bars.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
Small potatoes.
They'll have a good time with him in there, I guarantee you.
Woo!
Man.
Don't get so about it, Robert.
Right, Tom.
Yeah. That's right.
Where the hell's that Jimmy Olson story, Dammit?
I guess I'll have to look forward to your break. I had it.
And now I lost it.
Oh, here it is.
Superman's pal was gay.
But we all knew that, right?
Well, that's been out for ages.
What's the guy's name? Jack Larson who played the Jimmy Olson gay.
But he reveals some other fairly interesting stuff in here, which we'll get to with some of our gay banter today.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T infarizon line.
Here's a call from Plantation. Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
How about that famous, I am viewing Shaser, Elliott Rubin.
Ellis Rubin.
Ellis Rubin, excuse me.
Or Elliott Rubin, whatever you prefer.
Elliott, Ellis, right.
Yeah, Ronnie's tomorrow.
Make it out one of these days.
It's said.
That's true.
And then he just did he get out of the shortness and something like that.
They shortened it.
They shortened it.
And it sent us to.
Okay, we'll put him on here.
That's cute.
Ellis Rubin.
Ellis, Ellis, we've been thinking that your career is really stinking.
Ellis Rubin, let's put him on there just for the hell of it.
Okay.
All right.
What?
I said, all right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T infarizon line.
OJ, they'll never catch you.
Maybe 120 votes.
Wayne, I think at 80.
And after that, it's real small potatoes.
It's a two horse race.
And one of the horses is like nitrous.
One of the horses is a secretariat.
They're 50 lengths ahead and widening their lead.
I think there's a spring bug spray in here, by the way.
Really?
Yeah.
A time.
Oh, god.
It might not be bug spray, though, George.
It might be that wicked gas that Greg promised to get you with.
Maybe he thinks I'm actually there today.
Maybe this is where I've gotten even with Norma Cant.
No, he knows better.
An aberrant display on Friday, Greg, an aberrant, bizarre, unacceptable, childish display of peak.
See, I guess he just doesn't like the fact that somebody else played his own game on him
from what I'm getting.
And kind of like told a little lie, like he had already filed this lawsuit,
and kind of all whipped up into a frenzy and psychotic and making all these phone calls up here,
or having death make all these phone calls up here.
Somebody else had it like threatening you to get the,
and they still don't have his money from what I'm gathering.
Norm still don't have his money.
He's got money.
Kind of a sad situation when you have to threaten to take somebody to court to get them to pay on time,
especially a publicly traded company, like Beasley Broadcasting,
that pretends to be like a responsible broadcasting institution, Greg.
And people have to continue threatening and doing all sorts of legal gymnastics and gyrations
to try to get you to live up to the promises that you make.
Very sad, Greg.
It's all I can tell you, okay?
And by the way, Duff said in one of those calls, one of the 80 calls I had on Friday,
he said, be sure and mention to George.
Greg hates you.
He did say that a couple of times.
13 past 11 at 560 WQA.
It's interesting that he knew this number that he called here about a year ago.
Yeah.
Almost a year ago to leave me that message about how congratulations on a great book.
And by the way, I'm going to terminate George Rodriguez because Mo was doing it,
well, he didn't really say it, but we knew what it was later on.
Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
He knew the phone number then.
No problem at all.
He didn't have no intermediary called me to tell me that message.
Called right here on my goddamn phone.
But how he was firing little George Rodriguez because Mo was throwing a snit over a couple of silly emails.
Good, Golly Miss Molly.
Embarrassing, man.
I'm going to write a book, I really am.
I've just decided.
I am.
These ghost writers, you don't have to do anything.
Just answer some questions and they'll write it all up.
No, I'll write it.
All right.
Believe me.
I'll help.
I'll write the God damn thing.
Nobody will even believe it.
The crap that goes on in this business.
27 years of insanity I've seen.
Absolute insanity.
Some more so than others.
But nobody even in a contest with this guy.
This is a guy you could have a heart attack and being a hospital in intensive care with tubes that up to your nose.
And come up to you say, did you really send you a low-seemails, George?
Hey, be standing at the edge of your bed screaming, actually, to see if he could induce another heart attack.
Leave me alone, Greg.
Okay.
Leave us all alone.
Are you still reluctant about ordering a bed over the phone?
I don't understand why because of our million people about their mattress over the phone.
From our good friends at Dollar-Matras, plus hundreds more doing it every week.
You know our good friends at Dollar-Matras by now.
We talk about them on a show just about every day.
And believe me, nothing has a bigger impact on your life each and every day than getting a quality night sleep.
So call 1-800-MATTRES right now.
And you'll have a great night sleep guaranteed from our friends at Dollar-Matras.
That's what I do.
Just call 1-800-MATras the easiest way to shop for anything.
They carry the bed, seely, sort of Simmons, King, Corn, and every size and style.
Dollar-Matras is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
Dollar-Matras has got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat their customers right.
And once you buy a mattress in Dollar-Matras, you'll never go back to a showroom again.
You'll never waste the time in the effort and the money.
And don't forget when you buy a mattress in Dollar-Matras, they'll set it up for you and take away the crappy old smelly bedding for free.
That's right, almost unheard of, but they do it.
Dollar-Matras sets up the new and takes away the old bedding for free.
So make the call now because it's the unbeatable way to do it right.
Call Dollar-Matras and enjoy a great night sleep for years to come.
1-800-MATTRES, that's 1-800-MATras for Dollar-Matras.
Because the easiest, the smartest, the most intelligent possible way to value a great new mattress.
My, my, and look all this is 4305-60.
You weigh 2A-M.
You all mean Mr. Oblivious say that I'm an idiot and that I'm well-seed at management too.
Here.
I've got the right attitude for it.
When things go wrong, you know I trust Ignore it.
My life's nice and easily since time the beat of repeatedly and I've got more money than you.
So call me reprehensible, why not your disversible outside of relation or truth.
I don't care what you say or do.
I just turn the other cheek when the sales hole's light on me as the numbers die down the tooth.
So what the station is annoying me, it's just a great big toy to me.
I've got to get to my tailor by two.
To pick up my brand new book, Robert's two.
Oh wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow,
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
remember when Sanchez left to go to MSNBC? Yeah And Casanova went on to your head, called him on the phone and sucked his ass Oh, jeez, God! Disgusting, man! Right beyond Rick Sanchez, running his ass as Iliana Rosanna Dana, with 10 And she's also a late addition, she's doing well.
Rale Martin is six, Xavier Soir is five, Marlantzky, only three, Dr. James Kennedy, three, well, he was on a pull we had last week, what was that about?
I forgot, evil dude, I don't know what it was, it was something like that. Cesar Odie is two, Alberto San Pedro, Pierre McEars and two, one a piece for Jorge Mascarosa, Jose Cancaco and Ellis Rubin, and none for Ken Jenny, Ken Jenny has zero. Oh, my God!
Oh, Jesus, Joseph and Mary, and I thought this was the station where the swingers were, huh?
Oh, it gave you that idea. Well, it's your thing, it's your bag, dragging your poor wife to all those swing clubs talking about swinging this and swinging it in everybody's direction, and you'll cast still a good word.
Is balls in his face? Yeah, man. Balls in his push.
From some 80 year old Fag troll, why should I love to have seen that? I love that. I don't want to see it live. I'd puke. I'd like to see a picture of that.
Joe Castello with some seri old troll swinging his nuts in his face. That would just like those.
None for Ken Jenny so far. Well, I guess the audience likes the fact they're reading all them swing clubs. That's just that's an e-jerk reaction to the fact they don't like you.
I say it is 20 till noon is 560 WQA and for the past several weeks now we've been talking again about an old friend of ours, Flores Pizza.
And what a great place this is. In fact, Julie brought us food from there back in January. Remember that? Yeah.
I was going to say it seems like only yesterday. It seems like 100 years ago because Boa, I tell you, Jones and for it, the sauce was incredible. Everything was fresh.
At Flores, nothing comes out of the can, including the employees. You can tell by that just made fresh taste from the sauce to the freshly made pizza dough and fresh baked garlic rolls that everything is baked fresh right there on the premises. Nothing out of a can or a jar.
The portions are more than generous and these more cheese and meats on the pies than anybody in town, which is why when you walk in there, you wise, you smell that oozing cheese.
You know, that oozing melted cheese. It's fantastic, which is why when you get a pizza, Flores, everybody is fighting for that last slice.
Don't take my word for it. Find out for yourself. It's a South Florida institution. There were 731 North, E 79, 3D Opus, Gain Boulevard. You can call Flores at 305, 758, 5351 and get your stuff delivered. They'll deliver from 34th and Biscayne all the way to 135th and Biscayne.
They'll go to Quasai, Cricket Club, the Jockey Club. Flores even delivers as far west as 12th Avenue east of Columns, 71st. You know who I had a dream ball last night? Greg. Dr. Mark Laporta. Oh, wow. Yeah.
Remember Dr. Mark? Sure, of course. I had a dream about him. I think it was a nightmare. Anyhow, Call Flores, if you'd like to know a little, Judy, she'll tell you about the great pizza specials like 1399 for large cheese,
by the leader of Sodon, Six Delicious Chicken Wings. And she'll even point you in the right direction where Dr. Mark's office used to be over there in a beach.
Call Flores anytime at 305, 758, 5351. That's 305, 758, 5351. And be sure and tell our friends at Flores that Fatal Neal sent you by.
We're sports radio 560, QAM. Tarnished with the sewer of this place. I think George forgot because he had to evacuate something.
He had to go out and take another craft. Yeah. You got to be kidding me. I thought he was the second time in just a few days he was supposed to like, you know, yeah, but this time you really forgot that he's coming in on his knees because he's so upset about it.
This is for the story.
Oh, sorry. Yeah, me too. I had a good day. One day she flew away to Tijuana where the moon is.
But with our right wing censorship, there are words that mustn't slay. Who truly tell you how I feel for him?
That's him on the plane. So, if you see K&T, one up, I'll see you with Tijuana too.
Oh, now if you see K&T, tell our eyes that Surrey's Day, then the FCC won't let me sing this. So, I'll die, oh, soon, K&T. Now if you see K, take your hand, tell me say, that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days.
Oh, is this K&T? One up, then I'll see you with Tijuana. Go, go, go, fuck out of Tijuana.
145-560-W2. I'm just an hour away from the Marlins baseball. Wow. Pretty impressive. It's kind of like an honor to do like a pregame show for the Marlins.
Don't forget Panthers and a mate believes here at the Air Canada Center, night seven o'clock pregame show, the shithko panthers preview 730 game time with jugs and Randy. I'm assuming jugs will be making a comeback.
Who knew you asking? Nobody here knows. I'm just saying that because you don't want to like loan your glove to a blue garrig. You know, you never get back to the island.
Oh, that's right. Yeah, I never know what'll happen. In fact, Gildi might be on a special flight all the way up here just to do the game. Hey, by the way, Gildi, we know you're trying to stub a jugs and a bag. Stub as Stub as Jank.
Mike, here's a good fact from Mike who says. Is this another chronic thanks to you? I don't think Jordan. Bruce. There's not only attractive, but also smart. Not like Frado. She's smart. She attends Yale University in part because her father is a press president of the school. She is of American or Brazilian descent. Thank you, Mike. See somebody knows who the hell might is. Good. The bill send a fact that you're just going to love. It's hysterical. Okay. Is it about Jordan and Brewster? No, it's about the poll. Is it about punky Brewster about what? It's about two sentences.
It's about the ten words too long. Bill, George is wrong about the similarity between OJ, H Wayne and Moe being sports. It is murder. OJ killed Ron and the cool H Wayne killed the Marlins and Moe killed something alongside the highway and placed it on his head.
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said I said, I said, I said, I said, I said I said, I said I said, I said, I said aber-at-I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said I said, I said, I said, I said, I told. I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said. I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
with the Russian tennis star, how his teammates felt about it in Cornelholy's
rumored relationship with NHL star Pavel Bure, now of the New York Rangers,
among the topics Federeroff addressed in a wide-ranging interview in the March 14
issue of the hockey news.
God, yeah, I'm not waiting to tell about the other stuff.
At least the audience doesn't.
They don't care about that.
Oh, look at this.
This is how it's standing.
This is great.
From your star-posed Jeff Heisel neighbor, Dave.
Yeah.
OK, George, you won.
Good bye to the new Rogers show, no more faxes.
And it's got the unhappy face.
Big circle with the 10, the proud and the mild.
Yeah, big unhappy face.
Well, you know something.
Bye-bye, Dave.
Oh!
God.
In other words, he's only going to listen if we let him, you know,
we humor him with his 8,500 useless faxes every day.
He didn't say he wasn't going to listen.
No, no.
That's the implication, air.
Goodbye.
And guess what, Jeff Heisel neighbor?
Bye-bye-bye.
You see, when somebody, when their whole life is based on being
in a appendage, you know, whatever reminds me of Sam.
Remember Sam?
Right.
Who has always attached to somebody else at the hip.
He never had an identity of his own.
He was always like having dinner with OJ, having dinner
with somebody else famous.
He lived once a minute in Rique.
He was always attached to somebody else
but had no identity of his own.
So guess what, Jeff Heisel neighbor, Dave.
Bye-bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Don't let your fax machine hit you in the ass on the way out the door.
By the way, yes, something, the poison gas is really, really strong in here.
All right.
Another reason for me to be here with my nice air purifier machine, which I think does do
pretty good.
You notice how much better I sound today?
Right.
Because I cranked that thing up in my bedroom pretty hot over the weekend and the purifier
too.
This is getting dizzying.
Well, there you go.
I think it's probably because Greg is all bent out of shape and pissed off from Friday
from the day that he went into a big snip.
Greg hates you.
And keeping that in mind, he's probably since he can't take it out on me, he's probably
going to do the next best thing.
Greg, what are you doing?
That is give you the old gas, huh?
Now I'm the next Greg like coming up at noon and we will play that bit if it's the last
guy on the internet.
Like a 30 second break, I was only gone for a minute.
Oh, welcome.
I'll tackle him if he tries to leave again.
Yeah, don't let him leave until he fires that thing off, okay, which I wouldn't mind
but I just don't have it here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 8, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0,
10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0,
10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0,
0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0, 10, 0,
Oh, is okay. You know what I'm gonna do today?
Even though it's very cold. Yeah, what?
I'm gonna go out and buy me a DVD player. Is that all I have on here? Good plan.
We talked about that a few days ago.
You bore on the 4th of July.
Ah!
Especially right now, the whole,
that's what the whole movie is about is the scam of getting wrapped up in all this
flag waving and fan-faring and going off into the scam war.
Oh, and scam war.
You know something I'm so glad you mentioned that among all my other great bedtime stories,
which not nearly enough people are reading that on our website on NearRargers.com
and episome off.
There's a great column here by Bill Moir. Did you see it?
No.
Ah, and then there's the thing about the naked anti-war demonstrator sweeping the world
except unfortunately not there.
Sydney, Australia.
Hundreds of Australian women have stripped off in the naked show of defiance against the possibility
of the U.S. Blood War on Iraq.
About 300 women bearded all in yesterday's protest laying down on a Sydney sports field
to spell out the words no war.
You know we have yet to get some really good photo coverage of any of these events.
Yeah.
And you're pissed off about that.
Wait, how are my stuff?
Oh, here it is.
I knew I'd find it.
I got a big pile, man.
I got piles.
Can I take this to moment to read this?
Yes, I can.
It's not long, it's short.
So if Bill Moir is right, patriotism in the flag.
He says, I put the flag in my lapel the night first time.
Until now I haven't thought it necessary to display a little metallic icon of patriotism
for everyone to see.
It was enough to vote, pay my taxes, perform my civic duties, speak my mind,
and do my best to raise our kids to be good Americans.
Sometimes I would offer a small prayer of gratitude that I'd been born in a country
whose institutions sustained me, whose armed forces protected me,
and whose ideals inspired me.
I offered my heart's affections in return.
It no more occurred to me to flaunt the flag in my chest,
than it did depend my mother's picture on my lapel to prove her son's love.
Mother knew where I stood, so does my country.
I even took a valentine in my tax return to April 15th.
So what's this flag doing here?
Well, I put it on to take it back.
The flags have been hijacked and turned it away logo,
the trademark of a monopoly on patriotism.
On the Sunday morning talk show as official chest appeared
adorned with the flag as if it's the good housekeeping seal of approval.
And during the State of the Union, did you notice Bush and Cheney wearing the flag?
How come?
No administration's patriotism is ever endowed only its policies.
And the flag least does no immunity from error.
When I see flags spreading on official or pills,
I think of the time in China when I saw my little red book on every official's desk,
I'm the present and unread.
But more galling than anything are all these more listed ideologues in Washington,
sporting the flag in their lapels while writing books and writing websites
and publishing magazines attacking dissenters is on American.
There are people whose art for work grows disproportionately to their distance from the fighting.
They're in the same league as those swarms of corporate lobbyists,
wearing flags and prowling capital Hilford tax breaks,
even as they call for more spending on war.
So I put this on as a modest riposte of men with flags in their lapels
who shoot missiles from the safety of Washington think things
or argue that sacrifices good as long as they don't have to make it
or prove a braving government to join the coalition of the willing after they first dashed the cash.
I put it on to remind myself that not every patriot thinks we should do the people of Baghdad
what been lawdened to us.
The flag belongs to the country, not to the government,
and it reminds me that it's not an American to think that war except in self-defense
is the failure of moral imagination, political, and diplomatic skill.
Come to think of it, standing up to your government can mean standing up for your country.
It's just Bill Moore. Pretty good column on ice water building.
Hey, I'm going to go buy a pin.
Yeah, and stick it.
Get that work out.
Yeah, and don't forget it's not weapons of mass destruction no matter what they destroyed.
Now it's regime change, baby. Yeah, we just had to change our heart right in midstream.
A regime change of heart?
Yeah, it's right. A regime change of heart.
What a joke.
Good column.
Like I said, I don't know if people are reading these bedtime stories on our website
and we're in Georgia Carlisle. It's a pretty pissed off about it.
That's straight. You should see him.
No, seriously, he's not happy about it because it takes a lot of work for us to,
you know, I got to find him and he's got to stick him.
He's got to dittle around and make sure we get all the right ones on there
and put it on in a very...
How about that one we had over the weekend about that gigantic penis at Harvard?
That was great.
Wasn't that cute?
Thanks a lot, Lynn. That was from Lynn Samuels.
In fact, I was a story that she had on there a few days ago,
and for some reason the link got screwed up and you couldn't find it.
And so she had it on there again the other days.
And so, you know me, I see a penis and boy I jump.
And that was one big ass penis.
It was a snow penis.
And it was a big flap on a Harvard University campus about the snow penis.
And should we take it down as it sexes?
You know, it looked like a nice penis to me. I mean, you know, but why not?
I've seen a couple.
Like Robert Blake would say, I don't want to say that.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Oh, by the way, to Robert Blake, the thing is going to be on again a little while.
I just mentioned that in passing.
For those people who want to hear the Marlins in the Dodger game,
don't forget Hank will be on after the ball game.
So let's stick around for a second.
Check back with us later when we have something you might want to hear like the Humper from Shulas.
After Marlins in Dodger's exhibition is baseball, and oh god, is that going to be big.
Here's a call from Isle of Marrata. Hello.
How's it going, Neil?
Yes, sir.
How about John Henry, Donald Rocha and Joe Verstin?
One out of three ain't bad.
Well, that's all I got. No more tea on you.
OK, thank you.
I think John Henry's going to get Joe Verstin in me out of sight out of mine.
By the way, we're taking care of the Mercedes, Joe.
I have no fear.
What was the big deal about him?
So, you know, crack whore and whatever.
Yeah.
Same old stuff.
And he took off, you know, took off and left all his crap behind.
Everybody does that sooner or later.
But John Henry is a good one.
I think, you know, out of sight out of mine, but I think he was certainly despised and revised.
I must be crazy.
I must be crazy.
I'm sure I'm going to forget that great line over and over again.
I must be crazy. I must be nuts.
I don't forget after this next little interlude here, we're going to play.
I think that the taking a dump jump high in your buddy Greg, the most important note on my head.
In stereo, less than an hour away from Marlon's baseball.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Man, the pressure is building its mounting, man.
I feel like one of those real Canadian Mounties, man, it is cold out there, you know?
So, you've said, well, I don't know what they look nice to me.
Oh, it's all away from minus 21.
Oh, wow.
Woo. And then just out of nowhere, just this one bizarre day, it's just a quick frot that's coming through.
Thank God it's quick.
And that's it.
Just the one day that the panthers in Remember and the jugs and all those people aside the show up.
Sorry, man.
Which means I can't, I can't buy lunch here for him today, or even dinner last night, just too cold to go out.
You know what I'm saying?
That's what he said, especially after you heard I didn't want to go to Ruth Chris.
I mean, if you just had a stroke two weeks ago, would you want to go to Ruth Chris and have an artery clogging meal?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
Yeah, if I was paying for it, I'm sure you would.
You know, for years speaking of good health, I've been telling you about the health benefits of olio-made,
which you'll be pleased to have on poppin' my pussy every day now, olio-made.
And I'll keep telling you because the stuff really works.
Olio-made soft gels contain pharmaceutical rate olive oil, not just ordinary olive oil that you buy in a bottle somewhere.
This is super concentrated and loaded with health benefits.
Olio-made every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus, there are 14 different olio-made formulas for you to choose from.
Each one combines the best olive oil on a planet with vitamins, minerals, and herbals to support specific health needs,
from bones to blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need.
And now there are three new olio-made formulas, one to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and co-Q10.
By the way, speaking of controlling your weight, did we ever hear from the beast?
Nope.
Asshole.
You'll find olio-made at public's, Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, and Narvaro and Sudonos, or order it online at olio-madeamerica.com.
For more information about their products and what they can do for you and where you can stick them, call them toll-free, one, eight, six, six, olio-made.
And again, thanks to my good Pisons and Olio-made for shipping me a bunch of it up here.
That's one, eight, six, six, six, five, three, six, six, thirty, three, get your olio-made and start popping it in your pus today.
You're not an olio-made.
This is sports radio licensing.
You are.
Set a Homeland Security Tom Ridge, advising you to put duct tape on your radio when I raise the warning color to pink for the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
Don't look.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they get that you in there?
Yeah.
Hi, Appali.
I'm making.
That you, Greg?
Why, yes.
Dapper is always in the finest of menswear.
I hope you don't mind if I borrow the adjacent star.
What are you doing in the staff chair?
Oh, I was in the area.
No time to waste, you know.
Yeah.
So, what's new, high boy?
I'm fat.
Yeah, yeah.
Are we really up to sale, Greg?
What's the say?
How about them, Dalton?
Yeah.
I guess it's true what they say.
It was that.
Your do-do-do doesn't stink for why, of course.
Always on the life-full aromatic bouquet, with the freshness of morning dew.
Each drop sliced with cigar cutter perfection.
To the shape of a Hershey's piss.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know, if that molded is doing a wonderful job, don't you think?
That forced brooklytees make them sound so, so knowledgeable.
Wouldn't you say?
Well, we gotta go.
Bye!
And there it is, in other words, quick endings.
I love those.
Yeah.
1202, two minutes past note at 560 WQM, the Marlins and the Dodgers, 1250.
Exhibitionist baseball.
It's coming.
What do you like it or not?
Hey, Goldberg from Shulis at 4, should go panther preview at 7th.
Panthers at the Maple Leafs of the Air Canada Center here tonight, 730.
Any key after the hockey game, Jo and Mark overnight.
And that's it.
And it's, uh, what is that?
Minus 21.
It's Toasty, baby.
Hmm.
Who is, is or was the most despised public figure in softload of histories are pulled today?
Another pull to piss that guy off, which we do every day on the show.
We've been doing that for what about 100 years, at least.
OJ Simpson 148, you can't touch a man.
H Wayne High Pingu is given at his best 100.
Mo Howard David, they surprisingly strong third with 48.
Alex, and when you look at the list of people that he's beating out, that's what makes it very impressive.
Alex Pingu Picane, you 40.
Joe Carrillo 36.
Janorino 30.
Nick DeVarro 24, Rick Sanchez moving up the list 17.
He's climbing it.
Iliana Ross late and also doing the same.
You notice how she's right on Rick's ass?
He's got a nose in it.
13 for Iliana Rosanna Dana.
Well, Martinez 9, Xavier Suarez.
You notice how many Julios are on his list?
Yeah.
Just don't on me.
In fact, you were talking about the top three in the, uh, whatever it was about the sports.
Right.
If you go beyond that, you've got Pinellas Carrillo, Navarro Sanchez, Iliana, uh, is Real Martinez.
All the politicians.
Yeah, huh?
That's kind of self-fulfilling.
You can't discuss politicians without discussing all Julios.
Dr. James Kennedy, five of the Coral Ridge Presbyterian hateful church.
Can Jenny's got five now?
It's about time.
Meyer Lansky, three.
They don't like to vote for the Jews.
Oh, boy.
You don't like the Error Dirty Linnon?
Or clean it?
Alberto San Pedro, two Cesar Odias, two Jose Cansoca, one out of three.
Carlos Rubin, one.
Now, let's see.
Is today the day that the house is burning down and on passions?
That's a rhetorical question.
Oh, and Luis, uh, that's right.
I forgot because I don't want to ruin for anybody but I will anyway.
And Luis and Sheridan get out.
And at the end, they discover Beth is out there.
Hey, Beth, what are you doing out here, huh?
With all that gas in that match.
Ha, ha, ha.
Looks a little suspicious to us.
And I'll see you.
One of the show is getting really intense.
Time.
Guiding blade.
Oh, my God.
It's getting heavy duty.
And I think it's, uh, Tony.
I think Tony.
He's the one that grabbed the bomb from that studio and saved Riva and everybody else.
He's trying to play the hero now.
I think Tony done it.
Because how else would you know?
And the bomb was the net thing he grabbed and they ran out and threw it down the stairs, huh?
Don't you agree?
Oh, absolutely.
Whatever you said.
I think it's the only thing I just said.
I'm telling you one thing.
You'd like to write in a Brewster.
See, I tell you that.
Even though you're always giving me crap for the stuff I watch.
But when I see a hot person no matter what they're, they are animal vegetable or mineral.
I know it.
I can, I can feel it.
I can smell it.
She's hot.
She is hot.
And except for that one guy, Mike, nobody even knows who that I'm talking about.
You better find out before it's too late before she gets old and ugly.
I don't think that'll happen at any time soon.
She looks like she's going to age very gracefully, you know?
Good.
Five, five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, eight, eight, and eight.
Here's a call from beautiful Hollywood.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I care about the baseball game.
I'm going to be listening.
You care about what?
The baseball game.
Yeah.
I want to listen to it so that you ask if anybody's listening, I'm going to be listening.
How old are you, sir?
How old am I?
Yeah.
I am 60.
Come on, give me an honest answer.
That's how old I am.
No, you're not.
And why didn't it take so long for you to come up with the answer?
He forgot.
Yeah, get out of here.
He's 60 like Moas 60, okay?
He's interested in the baseball game.
He's 110 days a day.
He's another one of those old baseball codgers that we got out there.
No wonder the station wouldn't have any young audience anymore.
God.
Baseball is an old cocker sport now, and then of course people they drag their kids along
with the game to the train.
Forget about it.
All those little kids they want to go to a hockey game and a football game.
They don't give a flying craft about baseball anymore.
Especially after what's happened in this town.
He's waiting to listen to it.
There you go.
There's one for it, clearance.
Mark that down on your sheet.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy 27th.
Thank you.
Listen, I've been listening to you.
It's probably since like 89 to 90 and moved away than listening anyway.
From the VIA Michigan on the phone and then on the internet.
Now I'm back in South Florida.
I'm leaving again to get away from this place.
Good excellent choice.
Don't make the mistake of coming back again.
I've been listening to you for a long time.
Maybe you could help me out.
I heard a bit at the end of your show.
Something about you cannot play something to do with Condolecia Rice or whatever.
That's the first time I've ever heard anything like where you said, hey, I can't do that because of something.
That's right.
Can't play it.
Can't play it.
I've never, you play some great stuff.
And all of a sudden, I mean, can you, I don't know, can you tell me, tell us why or do you just, you just got your hands slapped or what?
Can't play it.
Management man can't play it.
They came in.
They came under.
That's the first time I've, it must be because we have a Republican stupid president.
There you go. There you are.
Right when the right wingers, Fox News, right wing.
I'm packing my bags and I'm going back to the militia state.
That way when the government takes all of the, at least I know the boys with the guns will.
There you go.
The government taking me in.
Maybe I'll go over to Toronto and say hello someday and you guys have a great, another 27 years I hope.
I'll see you Jackson Harness Raceway, man.
I got you.
How about Northfield downs?
Now what he was going to say, by the way, Brad Kramer wins with a 30 to one shot last night.
24 to one shot at the Windsor.
I just mentioned that in case that Rich is listening.
Winds by six likes 23 to one.
Nice going Brad.
We still I would have had it.
We still I would have one of those accounts.
Wouldn't that be great to have one of those TV accounts where you can watch the races on the racing network, which I do have the racing network, but I'm not bitten.
Man, can you imagine how much I could lose in a week?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Mark McDonald, huh?
Kennis, Mous macho.
Mark McDonald or Jim McDonald, what do you think?
Who?
Here's a call.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Okay.
All right.
Happy anniversary.
Sorry about your door.
And I hope I covered everything right now.
Yeah.
Well, ready or close?
Don't forget about my girl and my strokes.
Go ahead.
Okay.
I can't stand Todd Smith.
He's on Clear Channel Radio.
Yeah, but he does this show from Tampa.
Oh, well, he's on South Florida.
He's down here also.
So, uh, why the South Florida person?
He's a Tampa person.
He's a Tampa.
He's a bush wannabe clone.
I mean, a rush.
Yeah, both of them.
Yes, I wish I wanted to be.
Take out his, um, um, posters, um, all over the freeway.
Yeah, I know.
Do you like this?
He's down here.
Yeah, he's got, he's got 75 billboards.
I got one that's shared with 75 other, uh, Ed.
I have to keep trying every two seconds.
I haven't seen one yet.
And you want to make a special exception and putting them on.
Yeah.
But you've got to buy an apple.
Big time.
Okay.
And nice day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And we're not putting him on.
He's not a, he's not a South Florida public figure.
The Tampa.
He's a Tampa on person.
And you know what we say about that?
Small potatoes number one.
And number two, we always say, yeah.
And we mean it.
All the way.
I did pick the bucks to win the Super Bowl.
I was right.
I mean, like that.
And that's where he's not there today.
Do you know that he, he doesn't even, I mean, like 27 years.
I don't want to be picking on him on the day that he's not there.
Maybe he'll remember tomorrow.
Do you think he acknowledged on Friday?
There was my 27th anniversary.
I don't know.
No, no, seriously.
Do you think that it was one word of mention about it?
Did Hank?
I don't know.
Because I'm out, I don't just sit here listening to the rest of the radio station.
Don't we hear a couple of minutes after, after I'm done?
What else you got to do?
And that's it.
I think I'll outside and freeze.
No, no, seriously.
I was depressed.
Look at all the nice people.
People that don't even work on this radio station, like my close good friend Rick Shaw,
who made a nice, very emotional call Friday, which I appreciate it very, very much.
Rick, it was nice gesture.
So it's Coleman.
Right?
People are sponsors of ours.
I mean, and of course, just ordinary pedestrian listeners out there.
And people who wanted to suck around a little bit.
What's wrong with that?
But on your own radio station, did Mo wish me a happy 27th anniversary?
No, good.
Good, because I'd consider the source.
It might be a little bit suspect, like his hair piece.
But when a mad dog just, see that's another thing.
Like I said, there's no carryover like there used to be.
You know me, the Hank, but there's none of that anymore.
We don't have that QAM family anymore.
We even used to have a little bit of that with the first team, remember?
Right?
Sure.
Would you know what's his name and the Jeff, what's his name?
The people who wrote it.
No, no, seriously.
But there's no more that everybody is an island now.
So when you sit in there, clearance with your little grabs, your little charts,
and you and Muff sit in there pretending you got some authority, which you don't,
trying to figure out which institution we're going to send Greg to,
and whether we should put the rubber ball is about their not.
Stop and think about that.
About the difference between the way it used to be and the way it is now,
where every show is like an island under itself.
I just, you know, just a little bit disappointed in the mad dog, you know?
Don't you think?
Of course, maybe he said something, you know, he didn't do the trick.
He did not say anything.
He said nothing.
How do you know?
He said nothing.
And then he starts in with a Brittany stuff and a Coke on the toilet seat.
And then Joe and Mark take the lead for it because Jim Sarni is afraid to take a little shot at the mad dog.
Not that he deserved to have one, but he's afraid to write that stick to the sports
or returning to the dial.
And he takes a shot at a couple of punks.
Man, I'll tell you what a, what a perfect market that is.
Look at Tom Jicca and Jim Sarni.
You realize that Tom Jicca hasn't written anything about local TV and radio in about 14 years now?
Right.
Since the do-off shop piece.
Every single day when I go to the Sunsend on website, that's the first thing I check.
To see if he's got a column about anything at all local.
Oh, well, you know, Neil's out of touch.
Yeah, right.
Touch this time.
Touch your ball spot.
It covers a lot of territory.
At least, at least, Mo covered his up anyway.
Twelve minutes past noon at 560 W.
Do you know who did not cover up his ball spot?
Oh, the beast.
He's going to have a ball spot from head to toe if we don't hear from him.
Find out what those are going on.
Because he's our poster child for balance for life.
Balance for life has changed his life.
We've kept him alive, I think.
I hope.
Is he still alive?
I think so.
I don't want to do, yeah, I want truth and advertising around his commercial.
I don't want to be like saying, hey, the beast, we kept him alive.
We lost him a lot of weight over 50 pounds.
And then find out that he choked on a like a chicken bone over the weekend or something.
Balance for life works for him because it takes away all the guesswork from losing weight.
You don't have to figure out anything.
No cooking.
No shopping.
No cleaning.
No calorie counting.
No carbohydrate counting.
No worries.
Just rate, quick, delicious results.
And I say delicious because they don't have any frozen food.
There's no pre-packaged food.
Everything is fresh and delicious with the finest ingredients.
You'll be amazed when you see it in that little black sack.
You'll be shocked.
And plenty of food to keep you full all day long, too.
You won't be starving on this program.
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks and a deliver right here,
door by six a.m. every day.
To your house, to your work, wherever you're hanging out, to the track.
Atkins even writes about the benefits of the glycemic index is a useful tool for selecting foods
and how eating three to four full meals a day is essential for keeping your blood sugar steady.
And it is.
So all the way around balance for life is the smart way to do it.
The only choice you have to make is between two alternatives for each meal every day that's run a program.
This in your little menu you check out what you like and there it is in your little black sack.
So quit being out of shape and looking crappy and get your health back, too, by losing that weight.
If you've tried all the others and failed, this is the thing that's going to work for you.
Balance for life.
Call them at 9.5.4.568.32.29 and they'll be happy to answer all your questions about what is all about.
9.5.4.568.32.29 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com.
Live, live, local.
We're Sports Radio 560s.
You ain't.
You ain't.
If you cannot find a strong Obama rag, if the markets are a drama, Obama rag.
If the terrorist, the frisky, Pakistan is what you should be worth for real is to risk the bomb.
So what are you looking for?
If we have no allies with a strong Obama rag, if we think that someone's just a strong Obama rag,
So to hell with the inspections, let's not come for being elections.
Close your mind and take directions, Obama rag.
Fall in line and bomb the borders, Obama rag.
Or my vaccines are borders, Obama rag.
Roll, roll.
This agree will call the trees and let's make more and not come to season.
Even if we have no reason, Obama rag.
Call 185.60 WQM.
We got that Marla's ballgame come up.
You can smell it.
Or is that the toe jam from that guy in Hollywood?
I mean, for a citizen, you get one on 90.
Pump it in here.
It's the poison gas they're pumping in here.
Is that what it is? Is it really bad?
It's really bad.
One more good reason to be here with my fine air purifier.
Who is the most despised public figure in South Florida?
It's a two-way horse race, boys and girls.
OJ 154.H Wayne Hypinga 105.
And now, way down to Mohawar Davidit, who seems to be an a fairly secure third place now with 53.
Nice going, Mohawar.
Now, you almost let me forget about this very important article by any of you.
I wasn't going to let you go yesterday.
Yeah, you were.
Did air question mark music fans decry like a variety in local radio?
No, Schmidt.
Rob Winnes hit the road on a recent Saturday to bask in a picture postcard day on the
Infocostal Waterway with a friend.
You know Rob, don't you?
Oh, yeah. Good for him.
Never heard of him.
He punched his car audio system, hit scan.
And as the radio hopscotched its way up the dial, Winnes realized something.
There was absolutely nothing he wanted to hear.
Certainly was on FM.
All this on Saturday too, like I said, a Climbing AMM, a Reffem.
My choice and way to do is choice the music.
My choice of music was Tito Point, a Garth Brooks and Metallica.
He recalls what he was looking for on the dial in vain.
That's when I said to myself, you know, this music just blows.
That's when I started thinking about getting satellite radio.
They have these amazing things, Rob. They're called CDs.
Welcome to Life and Sound Florida, where the radio offers less variety than just about any other region of its size.
Did you hear that line? Let me see it again.
Welcome to Life and Sound Florida, where the radio offers less variety than just about any other region of its size.
Looking for local news?
By a newspaper.
Want to hear rock and esponial?
Load up the CD player.
Crave a triple A adult album alternative.
Outlet like those other cities that play such new talk about artists as cool play and
newer Jones and John Mayer before they break through and is currently big on David Gray, Beck Dave Matthews,
and Susan Tadeshi acts hard to find on the radio here, get a moving band.
And if you have a desire to hear classical music on FM, well tough tubas.
How about alternative country? Progressive alternative hip hop or Hindu chant set to dance beats?
You're kidding, right?
Miami's 36 English language and 17 Spanish language stations have each carved out their little piece of the pie,
which generally narrow playlists and their owners are perfectly happy about it.
You want to know why their owners are perfectly happy about it?
I give up.
Because their owners are basically the same two or three companies.
Now here comes that really ugly obnoxious line.
If you're 44 years old and you don't like hip hop, the beat WMIB103.5,
we don't care as his rob robber, instead of programming for soft Florida stations in the cheap channel chain,
which also include news talk WIOD, Smooth Love Jazz, Love 94,
contemporary hit radio Y 100 classic rock, Big 106, Zeta and Fox Sports.
But understand that every station is trying to get its target audience what it wants.
Right!
Which is why a bunch of those stations have got numbers that you couldn't find with a goddamn telescope.
God, if there ever a lucrative target, it's witnessed a 33 year old vocal attorney
with radio nationwide hyper focused on the 25 to 54 year old listener.
Conventional wisdom suggests that a market is biggest soft Florida would have multiple stations competing for winnest ears.
In Miami, there's just one to satisfy his rock craving, Zeta.
You call that rock?
No.
They must have left the first sea off and air is in crock, a crock, a crat.
Winnest is lucky enough to be also able to listen to the buzz 103.1, a modern rock station in West Palm Beach.
But it doesn't like it much.
In fact, Winnest actually preferred the planet, which offered a different variety of modern rock hits out of Palm Beach County,
until a fair channel replaced in January with a Palm Beach version of Love 94.
You're in Miami, you have one rock station winnest, Lamanse, who's no fan of Zeta either.
Find me good music. The tap is a fisting of music and you can want to listen to a step above the billboard chart.
It just isn't there.
And it goes on to say travel to Boston, Rock is around no less than eight stations there.
Phoenix, but you know one of the reasons for that?
Why?
Because Boston is a young market. They got all those colleges, universities and schools, etc.
And they got mostly people under the age of 100.
I say, as opposed to South Florida, which has mostly people over the age of 100,
which is why they can't find their demographics anymore.
And the numbers are so screwed up lately and getting worse every time.
Phoenix has five stations to please rock fans.
Take a run around the dial and the radio stations just seem better.
More variety, different music, why they're in South Florida.
And this clown, Adam Jacobson, says there's no clear answer.
How about clear channel? That's the answer.
One reason there are fewer non-commercial outlets, those stations on the left side of the FM dial that are off from one by local university,
and specialized adventurous programming.
He must be talking about like KPX.
I see.
And he just mentioned it though he hasn't discovered them yet.
And those that do exist such as WLRN FM or WDNA FM have a narrower programming range than some of their counterparts elsewhere,
like Los Angeles's well-known NPR outlet, KCRWFM.
Perhaps a bigger reason now we're starting to get warm.
Perhaps a bigger reason why South Florida's radio dial seems so constricted is the rapid consolidation of the radio industry that started seven years ago,
when the FCC struck down a little bit on how many stations could be owned in one market by one company.
As a result, CHIP channel now operates 15 radio stations in South Florida.
This means each station's playlist in the market is kept tightly focused, so the stations don't step on each other's musical toes.
Such was the case in Miami with Kidring to Rock List News, Robert says.
One of the things with radio is that we really get up in the morning and try to get people what they want.
He says, right, that's the whole concept of radio.
One of the things we tried to do with Rock in Miami is move Zeta away from the classic Rock Station, Big 106.
We said, let's serve two separate causes Zeta plays new Rock and starts with their VANA.
So to make a long story short, they screwed them both up, like INZ and IOD.
They screwed them both up.
You suck, okay, Mr. Roberts, whatever your name is.
Robin Roberts.
What is his name?
Rob Roberts, I was post.
Robbie Roberts.
What is his name?
Bob.
Bob and weve.
Something like that.
So to make a long story short, radio and South Florida sucks.
We ought to have a 90 share.
There's nobody doing anything different.
There's nobody doing anything outrageous or interesting or anything.
Off the wall.
It's the same old cookie cutter crap.
Every goddamn station.
Except this one, of course.
Limited hours.
560.
560.
Pound 560.
Here's a call from Hobson.
Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Back to high in Fort Largill.
I'll try to clean it up and run off the spring breakers.
You know, a Dan Ziger, what's his name, I think?
No Jeff Dan Ziger.
Yeah, I mean, Simon Kathy Willock's little black book.
He was in a closet, right?
Right.
Every hospital was in a closet and he was on the outside.
Exactly.
Yeah, small potatoes.
Yep.
Okay, thank you.
His name actually was Doug Dan Ziger.
Now that I think about it.
Doug, I said it.
You would talk it.
I'm sorry.
Doug Dan Ziger, that was his name.
And what difference does it make?
He was on the list with everybody else in town.
And Kathy, her husband's name was Jeff.
Right?
Jeff Willock.
Right.
And he was on the inside of the closet watching.
He was having a good time.
Whatever happened to Kathy?
She's still making the movies as far as the world.
I can have an orgasm just driving down I-95.
Oh!
She was the best, my good post-personal friend, Kathy Willock.
Hey Neil, it's true.
I can't have an orgasm just driving down I-95.
But only if you're driving beside me.
Yeah, right.
Pasty bitch.
Well, I'm telling you, she's really...
Some women are like models.
She's the model.
She's a model.
A compressor.
Oh, man, nasty.
Really, 26 past noon at 5.50.
I guess Doug Dan Ziger.
He was a religious crusader and he was on the list.
Oh!
I forgot all about that.
And I shouldn't have, because they just had a TV thing on it.
Not too long ago on the Biography Channel.
About South Florida and about Spring Break.
And about how Doug Dan Ziger was in here.
He was crusading here with a Spring Break.
And all those disgusting young punks who were doing all those sexual things and drinking.
All of that sin.
And meanwhile, he's going over to Kathy Willock's house and banging at bitch while her husband is watching
from the goddamn room closet.
Huh?
Nice.
Nice going, Doug.
You scumbag.
You hypocrite.
You're not only you.
I think he cares.
No.
26 past noon at 5.60.
We're less than a half hour away from Marlon's baseball.
Oh, yeah.
And only a little over a half hour away from my lunch.
Dan, good thing I got food in here, you know?
What?
What?
It's going to get to be 70-80 degrees below zero.
You don't have to go out, schlepping around, about grosser reasons, stuff like that.
It's a damn good thing.
I got some good crap in here.
Hey, guys.
Size makes a big difference in your life.
And I was successful.
You are, according to the Florida Department of Labor.
Computer professionals, all of them have got big ones.
And we're talking, of course, about big, fat, impressive paychecks.
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest
demand still.
Fast-trade can help you achieve that new hot pain computer career in just four short months.
Count them.
Fast-trade's got locations all over town, four of them count them.
And Kendall, Miami, Florida, on Pemberpines, and they've got day-evening and weekend schedules.
So no longer is there any excuse to say in a crappy, dead-end job, working for some
schmuck that keeps picking seeds out of his head.
Pick up the phone and call Fast-trade tool free, one, eight, six, six, fast-trade.
That's one, eight, six, six, fast-trade.
And they've got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too.
Call Fast-trade or check them out on the web if you're like at fast-trade.com.
One, eight, six, six, fast-trade.
And now you, too, can have a big, impressive paycheck.
Five, five, and look all, six, four, three, or five, six, eight, away, and you, yeah.
But stop us, and mix!
He's number four and falling way behind Moa.
Okay, that's a good Joe.
Joe is trailing Moa.
And I'll tell you another thing about our pool.
That's very disturbing to me.
Sat.
I need a Bryant-Lerry King, Peter Boulder, Bob Kunstage on Henry.
The latest edition's honored.
Do you think they're honored?
No.
No.
Ever got honored?
Who's fault is that Carlos?
Might be mine.
Might be his.
Might be Eric.
Somebody over there on that end.
It's not on this end.
I'll tell you that.
Not that we don't make many, many mistakes here, like showing up every day.
But I'll tell you, among those five, plenty of votes waiting in there.
You need a Bryant-Lerry King, Peter Boulder, Bob Kunst, and John Henry.
I'm looking on here to see how Bob Kunst is doing, no matter how you spell it, or pronounce it.
No votes.
Why?
Because he's not on there.
I'm sure there'll be right on there.
559 votes, and it's a two-aid battle.
OJ 162, the most despised public figure in South Florida history.
In history, OJ?
H. Wayne Hypinga 112.
Mojauer-David had 59 of very, very surprisingly strong third-place showing.
Fjol-Carol-Alex Penga-Pecania tied at 42, and Jan and we know 32.
And I'm down from there.
Husker-Exanche is doing, he's moving up with 18.
Kind of slow.
Yeah.
Just like our phones right now, all of a sudden, what happened?
Err.
You want to know what it is?
I give up.
Remind me one thing.
Don't let me ever again until we get right up on the brink of it.
Mention Marlon's baseball coming up.
Oh, that's right.
Every year this happens.
All I have to do is even just breathe it.
That we got Marlon's baseball coming up.
It's like an invitation for people as it gets closer to a game time.
Okay, well, we got to get out of here now.
They don't want to be touched by it.
They don't want to know from it.
They don't want to take the chance.
5670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T.
But you know what it is while we got it?
Because it's sports.
There you go.
Sports.
Here's a call from Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
You know, you're talking about the Marlon's.
They had a big thing on their spring break open or up here at Lagerdeen Stadium.
2200 people showed up.
All right.
Yeah.
It's going to be another one of those.
You'll know it now.
Have they announced how many season tickets they've sold?
I haven't read that.
No.
They got Pudge Rodriguez.
They made that big signing in a big announcement.
They said, oh, well, you know, people are really excited.
We've got like seven more season ticket holders or something silly thing like that.
It's a pretty embarrassing number.
And they don't want to tell you because the number is so low.
It's embarrassing.
It is.
Anyways, I wanted to wish you, first of all, happy, belated anniversary.
I didn't get a chance to call you.
Thank you.
And sorry about little tiny.
I'm sure a dry concept of business is probably all 50% with his family.
I'll tell you what, man, you probably, you should own half of that company now
with as much as you touted them over the years.
I'm surprised you didn't put Mickey Erison on your list.
Yeah, we did.
Oh, you did?
Wait a minute.
I didn't hear his name.
We mentioned him.
Now that you mentioned that, let me take a look.
Yeah, there he is.
He's got five votes.
Okay.
Madder Boy.
But he's small potatoes compared to Wayne.
I'll tell you what.
I mean, you've talked for him.
I've talked about him for years.
And I'll tell you what, man, everything that that guy touched in this town, I mean, just, it just turned to crap.
It turned to gold for him and crap for the public.
That's what he meant to everybody off.
I mean, he came in.
When he first came to town, you know, he was like, you know, people like, wow, he's coming in.
He's by himself and to this.
And then eventually, everything that he touched, he lined his pockets.
Everybody lost out.
The public lost.
And not, you know, I just made it a point to stay as far away as possible from anything that that man owns.
Hey, one thing I wanted to ask you, with all that's going on with the war and so on and so forth, have you?
And I know you read a lot.
I read a lot.
I actually started reading Waring Doubt and you are right.
She uses a lot of words in there.
I don't know what the hell he's been saying.
Yeah, but she's great.
I read her article this morning.
I love up here in Palm Beach.
So I do get the Palm Beach paper, which I do enjoy.
But I have not read or heard or seen anything for at least a minimum of two months about Dick Cheney.
Did I miss something?
About Dick?
Have you seen him on the news?
Have you seen him in print?
Have you seen him?
Have you heard him?
Have you seen anything or heard of him in the last two months?
Not one word.
I haven't seen Dick.
No, I haven't seen Dick.
And I was really curious as to what was up with him.
He's probably probably got that big hose hooked up to his pacemaker up to the oil thing over there.
I know, but I'm serious, though.
No, you see him on there once in a great while.
You'll see him, but he's maintaining a little profile for next time they have to stick his ass in hiding again.
I was wondering if he was so sick because it was rumored that when it comes re-election time, he's not going to be on the ticket with Bozo.
Well, the good news would be when it comes re-election time, neither one of them would be on it.
That would be the best news.
Good.
Hey, I love you and you stay warm up there.
Go, Lee.
Thanks.
Thanks.
The goalie's go tonight, baby Panthers and Amade believes tonight.
Bush X Machinod.
Did you see this by Marine Dowd?
No.
Well, I'm not going to read it.
Like he says, too many big words.
But she's great.
It's just that she writes columns in the New York Times.
And of course, there are a few intellectuals and a lot of pseudo intellectuals who read it.
And then the rest of the Slabs would understand the words.
That's okay.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I got a couple of comments.
Yes?
Yes.
First, I just want to say, watching the local news and everything that Joe Rose, this guy,
he's just a ponderous man.
He gets, as you would say, more and more ponderous every, every day.
Yeah.
That's my first comment.
I like the movie.
My second comment is more of a question.
When it comes to all this war that's about to happen and everything, I want one thing to
ask, how's your calling, Pally?
Yeah.
Didn't hear what he said, but he said Louis Fercon saw what a giveaway.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Yeah, just had a name for your list there.
How about the famous or infamous Joe Gerson?
No, thanks.
I already been there, done that.
No, thanks.
It was the same the first time.
No, thanks.
Small potatoes.
Let me say it again.
Who is or was the most despised public figure in South Florida history?
Joe Gerson, the most despised, I bet you've went out in the sweet corner right now.
I was doing it in 441.
You asked 100 people, you asked 100 folks went by, who that was Joe Gerson?
There wouldn't be 20 of them, no, who you're talking about.
I don't know.
Right.
Exactly.
That would be the answer.
We're talking about the most despised, they don't understand the magnitude, they don't
listen to the question.
They get a little bit of the drift of it and they're like, oh, well, here's my 85 favorite movies
of all time.
Here's the 45 best actresses.
Here's the 72 best looking people.
I mean, it kills them good time that way, which we're all, that's what we're here for quite frankly.
You know what I think about the billboard the more I think about that, the more rest there
and it pissed me off.
Because all the time that Muff was making a big deal about, wow, see, I didn't realize that
there was this pressure run and to get to billboards by a certain date because that wasn't
aware of all this other legal crap that was going on behind my back, which I had nothing
about, although now that I see it, I'm all for it.
As sad as it is, they have to do that.
But in the meantime, so we've got one person saw one billboard, my billboard, that's a time
here where like four other things on the same billboard they keep changing.
And that's it.
That's it.
You know where I'm thinking?
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking that ain't going to cut it.
My name is Michael.
This is 420560.
You weigh QAM.
To fudge back in?
560WQA of Presents.
Arlen's baseball.
Wait, don't touch that dial.
No, please, please, oh sure, it's not what you and team are want you listen anyway.
But please, come on, we have a multi-million dollar obligation to broadcast these games.
Whether you like it or not, even if it doesn't or so, Cubids may show up on occasion.
He's still with like a new stadium.
Anyway, here's the Marlins.
That's all for Neal today.
The Marlins have to play.
I'm sure Neal doesn't mind going home.
No.
Now two or three sport holds.
And here, a team that blows and has the rest of us with five turn off the radio.
It's Marlins baseball.
It's boring and it's f***ing Marlins baseball.
And such a goddamn pity.
Designed for those who don't like to think.
And get excited from recocking the sink.
It's on day's call.
Now what gives a f***?
Forget the entertainment.
The Marlins want their payments.
Contractual agreement must be met.
Despite the ratings, they have to pay the bid.
And hope they find an audience.
And brains are dead.
It's Marlins baseball.
It's time to make a sandwich.
Marlins baseball.
I'd rather hear Jim Menden exciting as the sound of trying paint.
Designed for those with trouble.
Getting laid.
It's Marlins baseball.
Bipeless asshole smog.
I have one spot open in the road.
F***ing fun and add in.
Mist on.
Mist on.
F***ing fun and.
They'll trick off the third baseline.
A very good one.
Fixed up by the third baseman.
Smith thinks it on a party.
Anyway, how's Dave O'Brien doing?
1246 at 56, W.D. Kreme, a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
First of all, congratulations for your anniversary.
Thank you.
I love your program.
I hear you every day.
And you help me through the day.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, I'm your dog died.
And that's her video that you have today.
It's wonderful.
I really like it.
Did you vote?
I'm going to.
I just got home.
But it takes so long to get you.
I thought I'd call you first and then I vote.
Okay.
And I...
I heard at the end of my car.
They have forbidden you to play the condolences song.
That is correct.
Wow.
That is incredible.
Welcome to Nazi Germany.
That's right.
Censorship is alive and well.
And how come when you had the joke a roll and all the other ones, nobody complained?
I mean, it's...
Dave lost their sense of humor or what?
Exactly.
Jeez.
I understand.
But whoever said that right wing fanatics had a sense of humor.
Yeah, I guess not.
Yeah.
Okay.
Got to run, sweetheart.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Thank you very much for taking my call.
And thank you for making your call.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Don't Jay.
Wait.
Yeah.
Is there great intro to Marlon's baseball every time?
Sure.
Don't forget.
Don't ever let me again promote the fact that we got a Marlon game.
Come on.
Bad programming move on my part.
I apologize.
See how you...
The most despised public figure would stop hold a history so far.
OJ Simpson 171, H. Wayne Hypinga 129, Mohawar David in 62, Joe Carrillo 48, Alex Pink
of Acadia 43, everybody else small taters.
Don't forget, thanks after the game.
Panthers had a lease tonight at ACC.
Mohaw Geldy in a bad hair piece tomorrow morning.
I...
I...
I...
I...
Tilted by denied Chim predictive change.
If you want a ticket, you can billout that day.
One big sip of coke or a teapot to pay.
L ballet.
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
To the beat
That punch
To lick
