And now the Neil Rogers Show on W.I.N.Z.
You're invited to join the King of South Florida's talk hosts to probe the day's news,
inform the community's contents, and to expand your horizons.
To join Neil Rogers and his guests, call 624-191-1-E.D. and 7640-707-1-1.
Use an opinion expressed on this program, a nose of the moderator, his guests and coars.
And do not necessarily represent those of W.I.N.Z. its staff or management.
Here is your host, Neil Rogers.
Well, I'll tell you what folks, I would have been here a lot sooner, but I took the Metro Rail,
which was a big mistake. It's taken me two months to get here on the Metro Rail.
Good evening to you, it's 807 here on W.I.N.Z. My name is Neil Rogers, in case you are wondering.
And I hope that I'm no stranger to most of you out there. It's exciting to be here.
It really is, and it's exciting to be back on the year.
After two months in limbo, even Chubby Checker, never was in limbo as long as I was.
And I have to tell you something that I have discovered, and that is that those of us,
and of course there aren't all that many, but those of us who are in this business are very fortunate,
because we really have an outlet. We have an opportunity. Every time something happens,
we pick up the newspaper and there's a story that gets us angry.
There's something that happens that we want to blow off steam about.
And we have the opportunity to go on the year with a matter of hours, that same day,
and give our opinions, and blow off that steam. The average person obviously doesn't have that same kind of an opportunity.
And when the opportunity is taken away from you for whatever reason for a prolonged period of time,
it becomes kind of frustrating. There have been a lot of really important things that have happened locally,
and nationally and around the world these last couple of months,
and I haven't had the opportunity to talk about them. So a little bit later on during the evening,
since this is our first night here on WINZ, I'm going to take the opportunity to just briefly touch in some of those,
and then share some of your thoughts and opinions also.
But obviously this is kind of reunion time. I want to thank my good friend Bill Coder, by the way.
It's great to be working with Bill again, and last night we had two and a half hours together here.
I hope a lot of you had a chance to hear it, and that was unbelievable at best.
It was beyond description.
And it was going to be with Bill because I had a chance to get the lay of the land, so to speak here,
and to look at the equipment and to get the feel of some of the lunatic colors out there.
Just kind of feel my way around. So even though this is my first night here at WINZ,
it's kind of like old hat at this point after being here for a couple of a wild hours last night.
I don't want to get too lodged, but I do want to say this at the very outset,
and then I want to thank a lot of people. I'm not going to... this isn't the Grammy Awards,
so I'm not going to do a Michael Jackson and I'll stand here and thank all of my relatives and so on.
But I do want to thank the people here at WINZ, and particularly at the management level for their tremendous support,
and their cooperation during these very hectic last few months.
And it's always great to win.
And I'm just delighted that we were vindicated, and that I've had the opportunity to continue pursuing my livelihood,
which is kind of nice. It's important to most of us.
And as I said, I'm very grateful for their enthusiastic support.
And one of the things that really impresses me, and again, it's going to sound a little bit corny,
but it's true, is the fact that the people here at WINZ are really nice folks.
I mean, everybody here has been tremendously supportive and very warm,
and the kind of welcome that I've had has really been very rewarding.
But as I said, but I was on with Bill Last night,
one of the things that I've learned out of this difficult experience during the last couple of months
is to appreciate you.
A lot more than perhaps I have during the past eight years that I've been in the market here in Miami,
when I say you, I mean the audience.
Generally, the cliche in broadcasting is that the audience is fickle, that they forget you in a minute,
and that they'll go over next door any opportunity they have,
and you hear people who will say to a new person who comes on the air,
you're a breath of fresh air. They could put a monkey on the air,
and within the first two minutes somebody'd call it and say,
what a breath of fresh air.
But the fact is that there have been an enormous number of loyal people who have either written to me
or called the various newspapers, or called this radio station to try to track me down.
And there were a lot of those people who called in last night when I was on with Bill,
and I'm sure that the same thing probably will happen here during the reunion part of our show
these first couple of hours tonight.
And I'm very grateful for that. It's a very rewarding kind of experience to know that there are people out there
to whom you have some significance, people who are really interested in what you think and what you've got to say.
Speaking of Bill Carter, by the way, Bill will be here about 11 o'clock tonight.
He's going to come in early tonight, and Bill will be with me for the last hour from 11 o'clock till midnight.
So we're not going to get too serious or too modelled or too heavy tonight,
because as I said, it's reunion night here on WINZ,
and I'd like to get an opportunity to talk to a lot of my old friends and say hello again.
And hopefully make a lot of new friends too. I guess when you've been on the air in a market for eight years,
you assume that everybody out there knows who you are and or has listened to you.
And obviously that is an incorrect assumption. I'm sure that there are a lot of people out there who say,
who the heck is this guy? Where did he come from? Well, as time goes on,
obviously you'll have the opportunity to learn some of you will like me, some of you will hate me,
and some will be somewhere in between, but hopefully you'll listen,
because that's the important thing. That's what it's all about.
I do want to mention also before we go to your calls and before we get started here on our opening night,
that during these first few weeks,
I'm going to have back a lot of the regular guests who have been with me for the past several years,
along with a lot of new people too.
Tomorrow night, a very good and dear friend of mine and of many of yours, Ed Cohen,
who is a political activist and analyst.
Ed has been doing shows with me for the past eight years going back to the old KAT days back in 76 and 77.
And also among several other things that are coming up during the first couple of weeks,
a week from tomorrow next Friday, one of your favorite guests, ladies and gentlemen,
spiritualist Reverend Emma is going to be with me.
And I have an envelope. I guess it's one of the few things that I've held on to.
I've thrown out just about everything else from the past,
but I have an envelope here that says,
PRD, ICTIOS, predictions for 1984.
I guess it was Emma's typewriter.
I'm sure you're listening, Emma, so we're looking forward to hearing you up.
We're going to open the envelope a week from tomorrow night,
and Reverend Emma will be with us on that night.
So we've got a lot of your old friends coming back,
along with a lot of new things,
and we hope that you'll make it a habit.
I'm going to be here every night, Monday through Friday, from 8 o'clock till midnight.
And then of course, a short pause for everybody to recover from what we do here,
and then Bill Coder comes along from 12.35 till 5 in the morning.
So hopefully there are a lot of you out there going to make the night time hours
a regular spot here on 94 news, W-I-N-Z.
Okay, let me give you the numbers now.
And as I said during these first couple of hours between now and 10 o'clock,
it's going to be reunion time.
It's been a long two months.
It seems like much longer than that.
In date county, the number 624-0191.
That's 624-0191 in date, and in Broward County, our number is 764-07-07.
Write those numbers down, because hopefully you're going to be using them a lot in the weeks
and months to come again in Broward 764-07-07.
I can't believe it.
I cannot believe it.
It's 20 minutes after 8 o'clock at W-I-N-Z.
My name is Neil Rogers.
We are with you till midnight, and there is a message on my computer screen that says we have a handful of dancers
from South Dade who have driven up to our studios.
They're doing the Kazzatski in our parking lot.
I've got one of my many Kazzuz by the way.
They're going to have to get used to the Kazzuz.
I'm sure the people here at W-I-N-Z have never seen anything quite like this.
And we can blame Reverend Emma.
I'm supposed to do a serious show most of the time for those who are not familiar, but occasionally we do things a little bit on the wacko side,
like we did with Carter last night.
And I have...
Well, I'm not even going to say what it looks like.
Okay, anyway, we put it off long enough.
I think it's time to check out the natives out there, see if they're friendly, see if these are my pals, my buddies,
or exactly what it's going to be on the telephone, and we'll start.
This is kind of a...
Well, it's kind of a traumatic moment, I guess you might say.
We're going to start in Dade County in line one.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hi.
Welcome back, my dear.
Thank you.
I know this has been terrible for you, but never even on one of your phone nights.
Would you ever doubt how much you need to add up us?
Well, I tell you one thing. I wish I had a Polaroid camera because all the lines are lit right now, and you know how hysterical I am about the phone line.
I know, and I'm surprised that I got in first, but I decided this time I was going to.
I couldn't get in last night, but I laid in bed, and I laughed until I cried, listened to you and built.
I got to tell you something.
We just said we didn't have any idea what we were going to do, and that turned into one of the funniest shows that I've ever been involved with.
There was that one period of time, about 130, when Eddie the poet called in.
Right, right, and he was trying to cheer me up, and he was doing this depressing, morbid poem about it.
