The music expressed on the previous games are those of the host of the game
and you know, the music brought to you.
Maybe it'll be a sport as time.
The Biggest Name is The Bust of Ranges.
Ranges!
You're listening to sports radio 560W.
How about those ranges?
Ranges!
Ranges!
Ranges!
Ranges!
Ranges!
Ranges!
Ranges!
The Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil, dial 560W.
Take your ranges and stick them in Dave and Rob.
Stick it in the weekend other counties.
Call call free.
877785.
Neil can then move to the 560 on your AZZ and rise in wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil is a gift for his colleagues and five of you not represent those of W.A.
Oh, stamina is raged out.
For some people on that channel, the Neil Rogers Show.
Get that fantastic WQAM.
It's brighter.
You're a question.
But he's with us today and we're very pleased, proud and fat and delighted.
A young man.
Trilled.
Turn 28.
He scored the sweetest bag.
I'll go on the next day.
All right.
It's too many seeds.
In your dime bag.
Getting to the party.
Two minutes to late.
Isn't it the chronic?
Huh?
Don't you think?
Yes.
It's my day.
When you last phone break.
The free bag.
When you're already baked.
The food we love.
That's just too many days.
Who won't love you?
You get it.
Hard brownie.
That you already ate.
A no-one's done a sign.
A lot of you bring.
It's like 10,000 joints.
When all you need is a light.
It's like having the feel of your dreams.
And then finding out he saw 10 delight.
And isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's my day.
When you last phone break.
The free bag.
When you're already baked.
The food we love.
That's just too many days.
Who won't love you?
Oh, boy.
It's serious.
It's $0.60 and it's $0.16.
I think it's a public service.
I think most of the people out there,
except for the emotionally crippled,
I think everybody wants to know what's going on.
With the markets, the loonies down to $0.77.
Oh, yeah.
What was that?
That's where you can stick it.
If you get up too fast, they'll all fall out all over the street.
So got some very bad news for the regular
and irregular list news of the show.
And for us, I get a call yesterday from Clarence Deiro.
And he said, well, got some bad news.
I said, you know, Chris is off the show.
I thought you were done all together.
I thought you were fired.
Yeah, I thought that too.
Did you?
Yeah.
But he's just been reduced to a part-time lackey,
like weekend, you know, ball games and stuff like that.
They'll let him sweep up.
Yeah, sweep the floor.
That's the sweeper.
That's the sweeper.
Clean out the turrets.
Clean out the turrets.
Service Clarence in the spirit time.
But he is with us today, which I wasn't aware of that.
I thought we had heard the last thing.
He was not only with us today,
but we're plotting and planning
that when George goes on vacation Christmas week
and I'm on vacation the following week,
that Chris comes back and somebody's got to be in that other chair.
That's right.
Well, I might be here next week or at least part of next week too.
All right.
All right.
So unlike some people who get shoved out the door
and don't even get a chance to say goodbye,
and who have memos put out about their departure
even though they have another couple weeks to work,
unlike that, at least you're still around.
You're still around.
Yeah, I was told that they have to figure out a technical issue.
Yeah.
And then once that's figured out, then, uh...
Oh, yeah.
Well, they've been trying for years to work it down
so that just two people can do this show.
We don't need three people in there, especially with all the big money
we're paying that faggot.
We don't need three people in there.
And you know something now that we don't have the faxes anymore,
pretty much we don't need that because we got the emails.
I can see where it can be done.
It's not a good idea. It sucks.
There will be interesting moments.
There will be lots of dead air and interruptions,
and it'll just all go away here.
I'll tell you one thing.
If anybody comes in there and see it's going to be me and George
when the fat Chris gets shoved out.
And if anybody comes in there like from sales
or anybody else, or it starts bugging you,
bug off, get out of here.
We're doing a low-put-up mic and double.
We'll just do it all on the air.
Right. That's right.
Because, you know, if they have to move spots around or something,
that's got to be done.
I'll just open up the mic and it'll be...
But through that, spots.
Yeah, well, I know.
So anyway, the alleged reason for this being that,
and of course we're reading all over the place,
I got stories about all these hundreds of thousands of layoffs
and here in Canada, the same thing,
the same things of layoffs and layoffs.
And layoffs, and layoffs.
We're in a freaking depression
but nobody wants to say it.
Now they're saying since December of last year,
we were in a recession.
Well, forget about recession, baby.
We're in a..
gosh dang depression.
People don't have two nickels today.
Even a quarter sslot guy that is,
out there trolling for quarters.
You think?
Oh, yeah, I wish he would croak.
He's just an annoying Turkey.
It's just a Tride.
I hear that shound, you know, that's trying to meet you. We know that shoundish him.
One of few bucks at Woodbuy yesterday on Quick Hit. Well, I love that game. Although actually,
I had a $500 a spin on Wheel of Fortune. Yeah. Don't you think we had to kill a couple
hours every day with my recounting how I did a woodbuy and which machine paid and which
was the good machine? Why did we? It's tried to pull the chair out from under the ass.
Nasty, hateful, sour. I tell it. The more people I tell that story to, they say,
oh my, they did, they just can't believe it. Then anybody would be that hostile over a freaking
machine, especially when it was a wide open one right there next to me that I was vacating.
She didn't want it. She just wanted whichever one I wanted to play.
And that's one thing I know it's it's like little kids or dogs with a toy.
Have you ever noticed that? Mm-hmm. Well, no, you because your kids are too far apart in age, but
if you have two kids that are close in age or if you have two dogs, right, and you bring home a
new toy and you put it on the floor, immediately they both want it. They go nuts.
And it's the same thing with slot machines. If they see that you want one, they go running to
that machine to get their first issue, you can't have it because they know that that must be the
one that's going to pay off big bastards. Overgrown children. I think I'm going to start taking
me a gun. Yeah. And if anybody like that bitch pulls the cheer out from under me,
hey, bitch, you're dead. You're a dead. Don't shoot yourself. Yeah, like the guy.
Plexiglass. Plexiglass. So what's the stir with him? Is he out? Is he finished? What's the deal?
Done for the year? Is he done for the year? Well, good. The giants put him on good.
Good. The giants deserve to lose. And then next Eli, Eli is going to get his.
I just don't know. Well, you know what makes me feel a little bit better about the fact that the
Patriots tanked at the end of the Super Bowl last year because it turned out the giants are pretty
damn good now. Could have fooled me. They came from oblivion and they rounded it into like a real
team, not a girls team like most of the league. Ranges, ranges. Rangers took it up the shoot,
62 and Montreal. That's them all boy, were they bad? Oh, I saw about 10 seconds of that game.
I could just imagine that guy. You got to be a Rangers fan. You may believe suck. Well,
Panthers won again. Panthers. There was nobody there, but the Panthers beat Buffalo to the one.
Nobody there. Geldy was there though. He never got to speak though.
Chris Denise, the part of the game I tried to watch. Geldy never got to say two words because
Denise was interviewing some dumb jock. I don't know who the hell it was. And blah, blah, blah.
And the meantime, you're seeing the game is going on, but Geldy don't get a chance to describe it
because Puff fan is motor mouth. Bap, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
with his dumb frog mouth. And I don't know who he was talking to, but it's very boring.
So I turned it off and then come to find out they won two to one. We love the Panthers. We don't
go to the games though, but we love the Panthers. That's where it goes. It seems to me they shut
out the ranges in New York for nothing last Sunday. Could be wrong about that. I'm pretty sure I'm
right. Am I not fat, Chris? So what are we going to do without Chris, George? Aren't you
like upset? Yeah, I am. Of course I am. All you people out there in Radio Land, you better
send in your best wishes to fat Chris because his days are numbered on the show. He's been reduced.
Now let's see, you were a full-time employee before, right? Correct. So now you're just part time.
No benefits? Correct. Right? So there's no matter what I'm talking about. Everybody,
anybody associated with this show gets screwed, right? Screwed and Chris ain't even Jewish.
The Squidman has got this is a very appropriate first email for the show today. I've got to
pile them here. There'll be a lot more coming and wishing Chris all the best. I'm sure or
damning him to eternal hell. You know our crowd. Don't take him personal now, Chris, because you know,
I won't go anywhere. Put your hateful bastards we have out there. It's the South Florida syndrome.
Baaaah! It says, Neil, you and Georgia provided me with many years of radio delight, which is hard
to come by in South Florida. Thank you. It does not go unnoticed. And we are all going to die one day,
so enjoy that while it lasts. PS happy birthday, George. Signed the Squidman. Thanks, Chris. Squidman,
on the moon. And speaking of Georgia's birthday, it's tomorrow. Happy birthday, George. Thank you.
And that I'm the lope. I'm sure it won't be there probably early next week, but that's all right. That's all right.
That's all right. I think I might still be here next week. I'm not sure, you know. No, I've
earlier the day yet. Yeah, I'm sorry, that's your present home too. That's all right. I got cake
from my life. It's very sweet. That's a great place to make it. It's a really, really nice
place. Everybody said, George, some birthday stuff today, including a big bag of money. Now,
did the station get you a card or something or anything? That's fine. I'm still waiting for Joe
Bell's gift. Maybe he's going to bring it up here. That's right. Oh, this weekend, he's coming
up for the game. The Dolphin bills game on Sunday. Maybe he's going to bring my gift. I sure hope
nothing. Something he could open. Yeah, give you a purse. Maybe I'll run into them. It would buy him,
but I sure as hell, hope not. So tomorrow being Georgia's a birthday, join George from two to four
at Fort Lauderdale Metro PCS and bring him a lot of cash because boy, he's going to need it once
they cut his pay in half. See, they gave you a three percent increase. They didn't tell you that
after the first of the year, then they cut it in half like mine. Right. Come by for your chance to
win the ultimate college football championship game experience, which includes four tickets to the
BCS championship game, four pregame field passes and four fan fest tailgate party passes. Metro PCS
2350 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale. George going to be there from two to four
manana on his birthday. And you people try to be nice for crying out loud, try to be civilized.
Don't go there and say, hey, George, you suck. You'll like that. Unless you bring him a lot of money,
which case, he don't care what you say. That's right. He'll take the cash. That's right. As
you know, that what a good deal. You can know verbally abuse me for like, you know, $5, $10.
There you go. That's a good, I think that's a good deal. Sure. You know how they have guys who
stand there through the rubber ball at them or knock him in the water stuff like that. Right.
Verily abused your daughter five minutes for 10 bucks for a hundred bucks. I'll let you punch me
in the stomach. Here's the poll from yesterday. What should men over 35 never wear baseball cat
backwards your sideways 187? That looks really. Yeah, really. I don't know. Just stupid is what it
looks like. Spandex bicycle shorts 141 high school graduation ring 100. Cooper dangle earrings 81.
Don't let it dangle at a real funky angle. Manglass lipstick 63 crocs 55 bad hair piece 52.
Ponytail 47 mallet 32. Those hip white sunglasses 27 like what's his name? Joey Jonas. Where's
a Joey? What you got sweetie? Muscle shirts 20 colored wristbands for different causes 13 and
leather vests. Solamente on sale. The best 820.
Fourth. No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express spread and permission
at WQM B.D. Broadcast Group Incorporated. It's thoughtful Friday you bastards.
In the bathroom on the toilet with my baby bird you ferry.
Out of bad lunch at the station.
I'm straight.
I'll stay in this room.
You'll be paid. Oh God.
Can't say when I'll be through.
But there's always one thing that's changed.
Oh, 1018 at 560 WQM. Thank God that wasn't a fart sound. No, I just dropped my watch
and that's why that's exactly right. I dropped my blackberry in the turban. That would be bad.
That would be a really bad move. I'm nauseated with this crowd.
Maybe they think I'm making it up about fat Chris. We don't do that on this show.
There are other shows where they make up crap. We don't do that. Fat Chris is basically been reduced
to a part-timer and not on this show. And he's only here today because they're working out the
logistics. So George can do all play the spots and do all the stuff in the other room.
And I come on and I lament the fact we're losing fat Chris and I look on the nothing.
No items in this view. Not one person's got the decency to say we're going to miss you,
Tubby or you fat slob you. We hate you or anything. Nothing. Oh well. Don't you feel unloved?
Oh, definitely. What a bunch of goofballs, man. Jesus, God and Joseph, you talk about,
you know, everybody is talking about beside the fact we're in a depression.
Post-election syndrome is going on now. There's nothing really going on in everybody's like kind of
blah. You know what I mean? Oh, what are you talking about? What Sarah Palin doing today?
Oh, and by the way, if Eric is in his little box, Tom, to get all those Sarah Palin pictures off
our website already, okay? Enough of that. Too much of that crap on there. Let's tighten things up.
No items in this view. Neal at Nearodgers.com. Can't you at least make this Tubby guy feel a little
better? How long you've been on a show? Almost two years now, right? Almost two years.
And he's being shoved out because they're looking for ways to save money, allegedly. I mean,
the amount of money they're going to save by making you part time as opposed to full time is so negligible.
I mean, if that's the difference, I'm sure George would chip in and just pay your salary,
you know, on the show. Yeah, I got it right here. Yeah. Or cordists, you know, once that check show's
up beginning of the week. Don't forget his check is in there with yours. I got it.
So Josh, if you're looking for that check, George will have it. What do you mean you got it?
No, no, no, I understand. I'm dead. Daddy, oh, yeah, you got it. You're probably signing his name
in cash. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, here's the pull we're doing right now. Celebrity deaths. Believe me.
I'm dying on the hands. Well, you're all washed up, Rogers. Retired. No, I'm still here.
And I'm still going to be here five more years and another three weeks. Just the way it is,
I'm just a hard hard, advanced, I'm not easy to chase my fat old ass away, even though that's
probably what this Christ thing is all about. I don't believe it has to do with saving money.
The Allison thing, I believe that. And they're probably, I wonder how many other shows on the station
are having some of their people being blown out. Yeah. Can you answer that question, Tommy?
If I knew I would, but in other words, nobody that we know of, not I know, it's only this show that
we're reducing the hired hands. Well, that show caused so much money to run. Yeah, right. Right.
See a lot of spots on the log. Maybe they're all freebies. I don't know. Think they're freebies?
No, no. Which celebrity death in 2008 meant the most to you? We have 437 votes. Our goal is 10
million. Well, I can't believe that there's not, there's not one person out there that cares that
fat Chris is leaving the show and being reduced to a part time flunky. Oh, wait a minute. Finally,
two of them cutting fat Chris from the show as a joke. How much does that loser even make?
Eight bucks an hour. So while the station is going to give five eight grand, the saves five day grand
the end of the year, how about joke Bell? Take a five grand pay cut to save his fat lover's job.
You guys work for a joke of a radio station in companies. Is the mole a man moly? Holy moly.
Rudy says Chris, we will miss you. Well, thank you. Thanks, Rudy.
Chris, people will miss you says Doug.
This is by Chris. Bye, bye. People will miss you. And other than that, that's it. There should be
a thousand emails on there right now wishing you the best and wishing you a happy Christmas and
happy Chanooka and New Year and stuff and all of that. And they're going to miss all that fat talk
and all the stuff that we've been doing for two years. But no, they don't care. They don't give a flying
crap unless it's us going to give them some free tickets to some stupid damn sporting event and
guess what we don't have any. What's the Liberty Death in 2008, men? Most of you. George Carlin blows
away the competition. 175. He's got 41% of the votes. Paul Newman, 71. Tim Rosser, 39. Bernie Mac, 30.
Arthur Clark invented space travel. 12. What does that mean? He invented space travel.
I don't know. Science fiction guy. I thought Arthur Clark. Michael Criton from Jurassic Park.
Eight Tony Snow. Eight right wing lunatic and press secretary to W. God punished his ass.
Chuck Hasden. Eight. Hey, Chuck from your cold dead hands. Oh, Jim McKay, ABC wide world of sports.
Eight Richard Wright, founding member of Pink Floyd, seven, seven for Suzanne Plushette and
Bo Diddly. Skip Kerry, the voice of the brave six. Dr. Michael DeVayke. Five. Now, what is this?
UGA V.I. What does that mean? Talking on your computer there?
What do you mean? No, I'm talking about on the pole where you. UGA V.I. passed away June 20th,
Savannah, Georgia from congestive heart failure, man's best friend, four votes. Never heard of it.
Whatever that is. What is it? What is it? Oh, I'll go the fourth. Huh? The fourth? Yeah, not the fourth.
Or six, whatever it is. Oh, I'll go the six. The, um, the, uh, mascot of University of Georgia.
That's why it's UGA. Oh, my God. Are you smitten me? No wonder the world is coming to an end.
Jerry Reed, guitarist, singer, et cetera, three Richard Woodmark, great actor, three. Well, he must have
been 200 years old. Jesse Helms, three, a real miserable right wing bastard. Dick Martin from
Rowan and Martin's laughing too. Two for Roy Scheider, jaws, and never liked him. Sorry.
Myla Nurmi, who vampire? She was vampire. Oh, yeah, two. James Orange, civil rights activist,
J.A.A.M.E. is that James like Jane gum. Two Chuck Dryden, the only black American fighter pilot
awarded the Medal of Honor, W.W.2 to vote. Two for Eddie Arnold, two for Larry Harmon,
Vose of the clown, two for Isaac Hayes, one for Levi Stubbs, only one vote for Levi Stubbs
of the four tops. You people need help. You need assistance, man. One vote for Lea, for Levi Stubbs,
what about Levi Harner? Dodie Goodman, actress, and tonight's your regular one. I didn't even
know she croaked. Dodie Goodman. She was on with Jack Parra, a million times. Harriet Burns,
who designed the original tracks and for Disney none, and one, and no votes for John Stewart,
the Kingston trio, Sir Edmund Hillary, Scott Calita, Drag Race, his son of Connie Calita,
Earl Lauer Butts, Earl Butts, who is Secretary of Agriculture, who killed the family, family farms,
Dith Pran, Hugh Jarrett, Hamilton Juriden, Irvine Robbins, who made bastard Robbins ice cream,
Erby Walker, Eric Dowling, Rocky Ayoki, founder of Benihana, David Freeman,
at executive best known for co-authoring the 99 book, 100 Things to Do Before You Die,
and Alexander Solzhanietson, none out of 437. Well, Levi Stubbs is only one vote. You people
got no soul, man. I'm going to play the four tops all day just to piss you off. All right, that's
how, that's just my act of protest. Arthur C. Clark wrote a 2001 space obviously.
Well, I'll be damned. Good thing he died. That was a piece of turd. That was a real piece of turd.
Let me tell you, Stanley Kubrick is still rolling in his grave in embarrassment from having
anything to do with that. And rightfully so, by the way, but George Carlin wins hands down your
pants. Yeah, that's what I voted for. Me too. And so would anybody else with it? Well, Levi Stubbs
though should give a little bit of respect. 15 cents on serious. It's open at 16. And now you
load 15 cents. And what do you get? Ishtah, oh, here's here we go. Here come the emails. WQM is
cheap. Here's one that says, save Chris. Now we're going. Oh, the mole says, I wonder if De Asio
was in jeopardy could be. Yeah, that's right. What the hell do they need him on there with that zero
share? They could put ESPN radio on from like us eight o'clock till five in the morning, till seven
in the morning. Just like they're going to do across the street, open up a pot and put a bunch
of syndicated sports garbage on here because it's cheap cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap,
cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, oh, but we got to the Persian government. We don't got no money.
How about Johnny Joe Bell take a 50% paid cut? How do you, what do you only say in Clare? It's 90%
paid cut. That's what we say. Let's take a vote on it. 1027, QA.
Oh,
people I watch and women are staring at their green roof and green. But I'm not sharing
some say his brain. Now, not talking. Not much to look at. But I ain't looking. This
male's just a little too long. He's has all the little too close. His mouth is just a little too long.
But while they're running, I will be mowing dog in. He's got a really big trowel trowel.
He's got a really big trowel trowel. He's got a really big trowel trowel. That's what he'll make me just twist and shout.
He's got a really big trowel trowel. He's got a really big trowel trowel. He's got a really big trowel.
He's got a really big trowel trowel. He's got a really big trowel trowel. He's got a really big trowel trowel.
Oh, it says brutal jobs report. I'll see you in brutal jobs report.
One million people lost their jobs this year. So don't feel too bad. Chris, I got a whole bunch of emails
though for you. Well, thank you. I had to embarrass them into it. Well, they're a little bit slow. Plus,
I don't care what George says. I think some of these emails are like on slow cook. You know, they're delayed.
Okay, I told you that some are. I don't know. When you just relax.
God, you're uptight. Okay. Go and give George a massage tomorrow on his way.
Yeah, please. Yeah. Go massage his ego.
Well, first John and Fort Lauderdale said this was earlier. I was surprised to turn on QA
this morning at 6.30 to find Geldie in for the big and after we did the Panthers game on FSN
last night. Well, he didn't really do the game. Denise Poffane just kept talking crap.
That frog crap he talked. We did. Piece of turd. A collar butt up you and Mo and Geldie confirmed
that it really pissed Mo off when you ripped him a new one all the time. Good. Soon it was time for
Joe Rose. I noticed there was no crossover talk between the four members of the worst team. No,
because Joe hates Geldie like poison. But once Joe signed on, he said Geldie was a real media
hole to do that hockey game and then come in at 5 a.m. They were playing cash register sound
effects for Geldie at that point. Oh, thanks John and Fort Lauderdale for the spy report.
Oh, Joe, remember when Joe came back the first time under Greg Reed before Greg started lying
to him like crazy and avoiding him at those meetings he never took place when he puts turn on.
And they offered him to have Geldie on there in the morning with him and no, no thanks. No
thing. Well, Geldie can't sing those commercials like Joe can. Who can't? The fake. What? Who can't?
You feel like you bought from the factory. Uh, fake clearances. Tubby fat ass Chris. I'm going to miss
you, Chubby. I'm going to miss picking on your fat ass. I told you to watch your back. You said,
I never messed with my boy toy the beast. I hate you, Chris, but bye bye. Yeah, maybe that's got
something to do with it. You missed with the beast. That's it. Oh, well, never thought about that.
I mentioned a beast put in for you to get your fat ass. Can't all I'm positive with that. I'll make
sure to kick his ass on the way out. Yeah, kick his tub. Yes, send him down the stairs like a
schmoo. Like a big schmoo. Remember Joe Paluka and the schmoo's? Yes. Here's one from Giovanni. Here
come the whole bunch of fat Chris emails. Well, now before I start reading these, I want to go on
here and see if there's like, you know, if this is just like a little burst here, like,
oh, look at that one one more. That sucks. Neil, and this has got nothing to do with fat
Chris. Tom Brady was at the Florida room at the Delano Wednesday night without Giselle. I would have
asked him if you could come to his South Beach New Year's party, but I know you wouldn't go even if
it was right next to her. No, I would not. What would be the point? I'm off of Tom Brady. I'm onto a
mad castle. Now, hey, Matt. Matt's got a wife, you know, and children.
Faraday and 77 votes to douse down just under 200 points. I'm just going to keep you abreast to
that and the loonies down to 77 cents. Oh, hallelujah. Get it down to about 37. That would be good.
Giovanni says we will miss you, Chris. Neil, step up and pay Chris. Well, if I weren't taking
at gigantic humongous pay cut the first of the year, I would do that. I thought that crossed my mind,
but I'm not going to do that. Sorry, Chris. Oh, well, it's okay. I mean, I'm already taking a
whole bunch of other people, so that's correct. Well, I got an email here somewhere. One of them,
that mentions that somebody's got a little rock monis for me and realizes I've got a lot of
mouths to feed. Lots of mouths to feed. Where is it? Oh, here it is. It says, I know WQM is cheap,
but you can pay him for the hours he works in your show. It's only one more person in your list
that you help people you help financially, Paco, George and family, chicken, Eck, etc. This is Rudy.
Sorry, Rudy. No can do. With a kind of pay cut, they're giving me this to January. Let me tell you
right now to be a miracle if I can just string along. You know what I mean? Here's one from John,
who says, I love that, Chris. What a pile of crap. That's a real bunch of horsemen. Remember,
Carma's a bitch. Yeah, Carma's a bitch, jolly. It's going to come back and bite you in the fat ass.
Correct, though. That's right. The way you treat people. Oh, well, we got to make some cuts. I got
news for you. There's people in that building making a hell of a lot more every day than he made in
a year who do absolutely nothing. Let me ask you. Is Ray Perry still around in that building? Sure.
Talking crap about if we had 400 sports stations, who would bring a lot more people to sports talk,
what a goofball, man. What a just he must have the naked pictures, man. The beastlies in the
billi-goat. I got news for you. He's got to have. In fact, Chris takes it because again,
I'm positive the beast got you can't. I don't think he has that much pull because he's pulling it,
believe you me. If clearance is around, he's pulling it. Well, for what I've heard,
but that's not a big fan of his. Well, good. Hey, Jolly, Joe, you want to save some money?
Right there. Get that little tub of turd that treblemaker out of there.
Treblemaker in goofball. That's all he does is waddle around the hall and talk and crap and make
him trouble starting rumors and spewing hate. It was the beast that turned me against Moe in the
first place. He's the one that came between our wonderful friendship. That's right. Oh, the beast.
I'm not going to make up with him. You think he's a blah, blah, blah. You know something they were
good pair. That was a match made in heaven. Moe and the beast. Byron Pagan mustered the wonder dog
from Meridian Ohio, who are regular e-mailers say sorry to hear about fat Chris leaving when George
Phil's in for you. They were great together helps make the show. Hope he finds a full-time job.
So Chris wants to thank Byron Pagan mustered the wonder dog. Yes, all the people and the dog,
especially. Oh boy. I knew anytime I hear from them, it's never going to be something good.
I thought maybe he was calling up. No, I thought maybe he was calling up to say, hey, the gang would
like to take it in a Ruth Kriss or Morton or something while we're here in Toronto this weekend.
Like to ride. I would have said no, of course, but nevertheless, they would have been nice gesture
on their part. But no, no way. Not even a birthday card on my birthday. 11 years we've been working
on this radio station tomorrow as George's birthday. Did he get a card? Did they even bring you
in a cupcake with a candle in it? Lee gave me a card. Now I'm not talking about Lee. Lee's a good
guy. He's our friend. I'm talking about the powers that be. I'm talking about the establishment,
the beastly clan, clan with a K. Oh, by the way, I mentioned seriously down to 15 cents. I think he did.
Not good. 484 right to pull. When we get to 500, we're going to like all get up and take a dump
right on right wherever we are. Anything that's a good idea. And then we're going to take it to
Jolly Joe and deliver him a nice tasty lunch. What a turd. Let's see how those emails are
progressing. Now there should be 500 easy. Well, there's three. Joe says what Chris is leaving that
blows the community is however starting to rally for him as I saw a water tower with saved Chris on
it. And I was just starting it used to his voice which became part of the show. Is this how QAM?
Sheds what? Oh, Sheds, it's fat. Yeah, it's part of the QM diet. I'm going to protest by listening
to Neil and turning off all the other shows. Oh, I already do that. Best luck to you, Crystal
Monsia says Joe. Thank you. Bill O'Reilly quitting his radio gig. Yeah, I already got that. Thanks a
lot. Nobody cares. He's got a zero in this market. Never never broke a point one.
Here's one from Adam the fake Adam Kirschner who says fat Chris is lots to learn but flee in there.
No.
Flea's not in program. Flea's in promotions. Okay, Flea's out there with the sandwich board promoting
our show. And Flea gave Georgia birthday card which is very nice. He's a mensch. He's a real guy.
The Clarence combined wish you a happy birthday at least. No. No. That's scrawny, nut scratchy,
and nerd didn't come by. I wish you a happy birthday. What a loser.
The best talent. He's a real Roger.
Flea's a true clarity.
QM.
The sports leader.
So, thank you, Les.
The best talent.
It's the D.A. Joe.
Wake nice for me.
To an M and here on.
The sports for you.
The 560 QM.
The sports.
I think I like my five.
The door's a door.
The door's a door.
The door's a door.
The door's a door.
The door.
The door's a door.
Disco bellries in the two bellries inc saliva p**rri bean.
A bell stairs that I reuse.
A bell annoy me.
A li-a-da music.
A Jack answered question.
Like myself's bang erase candy.
was.
She did.
Just like that goes Where he'sания in that bus?
No way I'm gonnaан,
You know, the edges will silently open.
Oh, crap!
Like I got ants in my hands, when they multiply,
makes a sound like a crunch when they walk this way.
Spent my spare time in my behind.
I'm going to do the ding-roo buttering away.
Making a trail right down to my head.
In that talk, I'm at a detached.
Dingle battery, motion's on, tickle it, please.
I got the dingle battery.
I got the dingle battery.
I got the tingle battery.
Okay, it's 10.47.
Well, I'm busy now. I'm busy because there's lots of emails coming in.
All right.
I mean, nothing really sensational.
Although, here's one from the fake Nick Lawrence.
Well, I had a few of these.
Now, my bad, at the beginning of the show,
I was so distraught about fat Chris leaving the show
and about how they're sticking it to us again.
Now, during the break, did Clarence come in and wish you a happy birthday?
No, he's busy. His office door is closed, so he's either not in there or, you know, in there.
Because who knows what else they're cooking up?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they're probably having, like, some of those secret meetings right now.
Paul Benedict is dead. He was 70.
Who?
He was an actor and TV sitcoms, Modern Classical Dramas.
Paul Benedict.
An acting troupe that included the Nero Dustin Hoffman Alportuna.
The person who stood out more than any other in the theater company
about during the 60s was Paul Benedict.
The long-drawn actor who found a touch of menace in the most comic parts.
What was he in?
I know that, Jefferson's.
Oh, the Jefferson's. That's right.
He was what's his name?
The neighbor.
The neighbor.
I guess I mentioned that.
I think he was dead today.
Mr. Bentley, right.
Mr. Bentley's dead.
He said.
I'm dying over here.
Here's one from somebody.
Don't let the doorknob hit you with a good Lord's split, you fat ass.
Best of luck, I'm your friends, as somebody to fat Chris.
I'm your friend.
Yeah, sounds like it.
J.S. says, all the best, Chris, you should kick Joe Bell right in his vagina on your way out
and drop a steaming pile on his loafers.
By the way, as far as my pain in the fat Chris's salary, which is very little,
that's not the important part.
The important part is they got him off being a full-time employee.
So no benefits, all that other stuff, all the extraneous crap.
You should also slap that two-faced panty-waste tick.
I'm sure he had something to do with it.
No, he did not.
It was clearance.
Ference in the beast.
They cooked it up.
In fact, that's what's probably going on in Florence's office right now.
Is the beast.
He's in the office.
Remember that time he tried to get you fired once before.
Don't you remember that?
And then he apologized?
A couple weeks ago.
Yeah, not that long ago.
Try to get Chris fired.
The freaking beast.
The shmoo.
The station shmoo.
A little round, like a beach ball.
Like what was it in the...
Patrick McGoo and the prisoner.
What the hell did they call that thing on the beach?
All of the orange alert.
No, no, no.
The ball.
Yeah, but that's what they...
No.
That's not the name of the ball, but that's what they would say when they would send it out after.
The ball had a name.
Rover.
Rover, very good.
Rover bent over.
It says it's little Richard's birthday.
Can you please play those mashed potato drops and maybe spin some waxes?
I don't got it.
You got a little Richard?
Yeah, let me uh...
He has George having a birthday you saved faster.
Thank you.
You got a little Richard?
I'm uh, cooking it up now.
I don't have the guy co-matched potato drops.
You never sent that to me.
You got it.
Nafatiteus, gravest and cranberry sauce.
Woohoo!
Woo, look out, look out!
Help me!
Somebody!
Right, I'm here.
Maybe it's sending me about Iliana Rosanna then, hung up twice on Barack Obama.
Uh, old news, we talked about it.
It's ancient news.
Everybody knows about it.
Go away with that crap.
You got any little Richard?
You got 2D fruity?
Yeah, but this thing's just taken forever, this computer.
2D fruity?
Uh, Rudy, come on, you must have it.
Pat Boone saying 2D fruity?
Yes, he did.
Horror, he was a lot more attractive than little Richard.
I hate to say that, but...
Even George would agree with that.
Yeah, but his version sucked.
Well, his version of everything sucked because he couldn't sing his word of a paper sack.
Womp, bob, loom, bom, bob, to the boot.
Woohoo!
Woo, boop, boop, boop.
Woo, boop, boop, boop.
To the boot, eh, ho, woo, woo, woo, woo.
There comes the gun part.
Womp, bob, loom, bom, bob, boop.
Got to get out of here.
When he said, womp, that's when you should cut it off.
Yeah, here's one that says I know how much you enjoyed the Jefferson's TV show
I thought you might like to know that Paul Benedict the actor played the British neighbor Mr. Bentley died
Oh, we just mentioned that okay. Thank you so much
Good God. Are you people listening to the show or not? He was also a good-bye girl the man with two brains the Adams family
Man with two brains was he in the thing with two heads? I don't know
He's not planning to send that to George
Ray Meland Rosie Greer you will pee in your pants laughing
That's got to be everybody out there if you're bored this weekend get the thing with two heads
Here's one that says I'm as mad as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore
There are no political parties. They're only gangsters in control. They've sacked the Treasury were screwed
I thought this was about fat Chris and then it says for justice we must go to Don Corleone. Please play Howard Beale
I mean, what kind of a request is that please play a Howard Beale?
I'm as mad as hell
There you go
Charlie was giving out wedding invitations at art Basel yesterday, you know
I'm so sick and tired here about that art Basel and how much is this artwork?
I'll use suit of intellectual a holes out there the rest of us aren't interested
Big mistake. It says by Maggie getting rid of Chris
He's a great addition to your show. We shouldn't the best of luck to go dolphins. Oh
I got news for you people coming up here for that game on Sunday including the people from QM
It is freezing. It is freezing
It's 27 it feels like minus 27 27 Fahrenheit
They open the roof. No, they're not gonna open the roof
It's a dumb stadium. It's the Roger Center and Ted Rogers just died a couple days ago and in his honor the keeping the roof closed and
There's some you know when a when those idiots started that petition from Buffalo
It was put it out to them that technically they can't open the roof anyway
There's some technical thing about it that went to the end of the baseball season they close it for the winter time and it can't be opened again
You got it. Yeah, I actually heard that the other day also. So it's an indoor game Sunday the
Flailing bills who are just sucking big time after that phony big start against the girls team that was just that was just a
You know a byproduct of the schedule just like the dolphin. Did you see what was the final score last night when I when I turned it off
I watched a little bit of it chargers 189 and open nothing
3470. Yeah 347. They didn't even break a sweat San Diego and they're in there not all that good this year
The Raiders and the dolphins had to like just squeak by the Raiders
They had to like hang on for dear life against the little girls teams
That's because they were little girls team last year and they still are
They still are you'll see well. They're a big girls team now to desperately flailing teams Sunday in the Roger
Center right up the road a piece here. I could throw a brick from here. I ought to
Ron still listening in Michigan says I thought you might like this
I had brunch of Canadian a bunch of Canadian dollars. I need to exchange so I went to the currency exchange
Window at the local bank short line just one lady in front of me an Asian lady trying to exchange yen for dollars
And she was a little irritated. She asked the teller why it tried change yesterday
I get $200 for yen today. I get 180 why a change the teller shrugged his shoulders and said
fluctuations
Really fluctuations in the Asian lady says flock you white people to oh that's bad. That's bad. Oh
No, all right. Yeah, no speaking English
Here's one from Paul enough with that Chris give him a
Finn an effing sandwich and get with being funny. Oh, yeah
Here's the guy again get with being funny again. P.S. I think he's getting you to screw you Paul screw you and your ugly ass
Larry who's always very emotional sorry to see Chris go he was a good addition to the show and fit in fast
Is he going part time or somewhere else at the station? Yeah, he's going part time real part part of the time
Not that it matters since you can't believe them, but the Joe and the other
Dingle berries
Give us any plausible reason they don't have to give us a reason because the financial of the fugities
Don't you understand budget cuts budget cuts. That's right massive budget cuts
Slicing and dicing even Ron Popeel can't believe his eyes. I never knew he was Jewish but he is
I can tell you this when they start cutting the smaller
salaries that usually means that they're covering up some financial screw up and they have to look like they're doing something to clean up the mess
Good luck Chris is Lawrence. Well, thank you Lawrence. Thank you Larry
Sorry to hear about Chris's side side whatever his name is
But this is not about Chris. It's about the a hole licking management of wqm and putting more money in the owners
pockets just like the rest of corporate America
That's right the little people are all getting the screw and they can't even feel it
Recession my ass executive pay is at its highest in history while the average salary is not even keeping up with inflation
And what do we get more layoffs more people being moved apart time no benefits
So the big boss is afforded there by their air hole servant politicians in Washington make more and more money
Side is whipped up and pissed off
And the meanwhile the American people are watching CNN dishing out this swill about bailouts
And how nice it is that the three-year auto executive is drove to Washington
vlog big Evan Evan Dealey says
I feel really bad for you Chris and I wish I could help
But all I can do is scream and write my letters to whoever's willing to listen to read them well
They won't wish you all the best Chris you should be lucky having friends like Neil and George keep your spirits up
His side. Well, thank you
Oh, here's my friend Adam from a kitchen or waterloo who says apparently they're moving the time of the game from one to four
Because of Ted's funeral. I'll be there to take a dump on his grave says Adam
I'll be right there next year. I will be squatting together Adam the way they rip you off and his damn Rogers cable and Rogers in and and ride
I don't have Rogers in and I thank God
They'd like to bundle everything you know what that means when they say they're gonna bundle it for you
That means they're gonna rape your ass. That's right. That's the biggest name the best town
Redo is no Rogers
Fort regular five sixty QAM
Naked fourth leader
The biggest name
The best talent
You're listening to sports radio five sixty WQAM
Miami Ford Lauderdale
This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your brain
Crave like any question
I'm
I'm saving nickels and corners
I'm cutting combines because I'm a victim of recession
Buying from his house stores and I don't know if I'll get through it
Oh
Much
I've found
Checked
My
I thought I had more in my savings
I'll take you out to lunch if you buy
It's the
Soft economy
It's the
Soft economy
I'm saving nickels and corners
I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of recession
519 votes on fact christmas pull
I guess this is your last official pull right
Or maybe not oh who knows we'll see
Who the hell knows we they won't even tell him when when he's done
We'll probably have at least one more week
And then there's all the the vacation days who else is going to do that
I think you're I think you're good till a new year
cool
And then of course I'm on vacation at the 29th through where the first
I think you're good to like who knows till like 2020
Hey sounds good to me
The mall says Joe Bell is coming to Toronto for the game run and hide
Oh yeah
I'm hiding over here
Last person in the world I want to see here is that waddling gray here turd
Neil joebell
Remember that a costume were you there
Yeah
And I and to be very honest with you I had no idea who that creature was
I had met him only once before and I tried to forget
Jobelle
Go away joe just go away don't go away mad just go away
Everybody hates you like poison Maria B
It's really interesting because we Maria's got a new email address but Maria B says
Happy friday you're really only fooling yourself and losing money by not having anything in the market or at least mutual funds
You you can have Maria stick them in your
Yeah
If you look at any 10 to 15 year period over the last 80 years no matter how bad the economy is
Historically you're in an average of 11 to 13 percent
This includes the worst periods in time like the depression
The crash of 87 etc
So put your hat out of your rectum
Brackum
And give me a call. I'll let you know where to invest and quit ping your money way it would buy in Maria B
No, I'll at least take the entertainment
El Paso quit quit selling always selling oh it's a buying opportunity. It's a yeah
They're always selling the thousand on 199 there's that fault headed geek
The labor market and there are 130 3000 jobs lost on a plummet surges in November
We're in a freaking depression everybody
Just sit back in life that's how you can do have a few laughs
Scratch your ass like mo pick a few dingleberries
The funny thing about that bit I haven't played that in a long time
Have you?
Nope that dingleberry and and it's a holiday season song too. What a great what a great combination
So so gildey blurted out that mo really hated it when I picked on him was not a shame
Especially when he used to say
I mean who what what person is right mind ever said
Or even ever said like that
I still can't believe we got him to do that
I heated all by himself. He didn't all by himself. He just one day blurted out
Right
Now which one do we like better or
Do it. There's a good pull for you Chris when you get your own show
Now is the beast in the building by any chance have you found him? I haven't seen him because if I was you know that
That big thing we got
That baseball that well, what is it? We got like a crowbar or something there in the corner least we used to have
I would take a big blunt instrument and just like
Not him rolling down the hall I can just see him rolling over like like a like like that thing rover
Like a humongous rubber ball
Neil and George and Chris have a great holiday season and a great new year coming up. I hate to see Chris go says this person
He was very nice when I once called up on a Sunday show you were very nice. Hey. Well, thank you. I tried I don't remember that
Thanks Chris. I'm looking up yesterday about Nathan's hot dogs and Jenny
F and rockets menu
Neil if the ticket has no money sit is doing appearances at Marty rock came in casino on December 10
What does that mean
If the ticket has no money sit is doing appearances. Why do I care about that? We don't care about sit. Okay. We don't care about them
I don't care about any of that crap over there. Oh, he was ripping you again. I had an email about that don't care
Have a good time just keep my name alive believe me because these people sure aren't doing it
George have a wonderful birthday tomorrow from Nancy and Delray Beach. Thanks Nancy. Thank you
Liz says sorry to hear about Chris
I should think you guys make more than enough money on your show to compensate for the minuscule wages they pay him
I'll make sure I played a lottery this weekend
If I win 20 million, I'll make sure to send 10 grand checks to you. Chris and George keep your fingers crossed and happy birthday
George says Liz thank you Liz thank you Liz
Thanks Liz
Thanks for the memories
David said oh this is New York City Dave
He knew we started a petition to save Chris's job. I'll be the first to sign good luck to you Chris
Good luck to you Chris. Thank you very much. Oh, you're supposed to be I have all that's
I know there's more that to deal for Christy. I know for more to the other things
I thank and many says go Gators near CC Championship. Oh now how would all that Gator craft my god
When you people grow up already? Oh the Gators the Gators the Keynes and the Knowles. Oh, Jesus
Get a friggin life
God
Richard in Ormond by the sea
Says why does it seem that when the corporate powers that we can't come up with anything innovative interesting or profitable
They want to blame the hourly employee and cut costs there instead of what where it should be cut
Hang in there Chris George keep your head down says
Okay, the subject wq amp cheap cheap
It's okay. I've sucked a lot of money out of here to last 11 years and I'm gonna continue sucking out whatever the hell
Paving, you know
Unless of course they want to write a check that would be good way to make it offer you know these next five years make a lump offer
Send me a lump that they that's what they would send me a lump
Yeah, you know where we're going from holy Joe's back dome. That's where we come from the lump
Here's one so keep your head up Chris. A lot of people talking about head
Keep your head up keep your head down
You are a great addition to the team good luck in the future and your possible return to the shows is Winston from pop it
Possible return to the show what does that mean maybe he knows something we don't know yeah, right
Maybe he's a bunk butt buddies with the clearance on the weekend when the beast is otherwise occupied
Sean says Chris told me last night about this stupid decision by the eight holes are trying to save money
You know anybody name Sean. Yeah, oh, this is for real. Yeah, I guess
Sean Doyle yep
So this is a for real email that's a for real email
I'm never gonna be the same again
Cooling last night about the stupid decision by the eight holes are trying to save money so that they can afford to keep their leather chairs and their offices and both my wife and I are very sympathetic for him
Hope they'll come visit us when we're down a Miami for Christmas in a few weeks
Our whole family will enjoy visiting with him again
Hopefully something just as good as your show will come along to keep Chris on the year. Thanks again Sean
Well, thank you brother
Now who's this some close personal friend of yours? We've known each other through like five years old
Wow, yep
Thanks, Sean. Thanks for standing by your buddy Chris. Okay
That doesn't mean he's gonna give you any money though. Oh, no, of course not
Well, why not is he some kind of a schlepper? Well, no, he's uh currently looking for a job too
It's why he's able to listen to her. It's a feather
Get unemployed together. Well, that's bad. Everybody's on a work. We got a depression the market's not a couple hundred more points
Well him and the wife moves for a better job for her stuff Maria B's got those gigantic bags under her eyes
Look like she died and didn't tell anybody
Brand and I knew branded would chime in on this your close personal friend
What's he got?
Please oh
Brandon said well, I knew we had our issues in the past but I praise you Chris for not being like Josh quarters
Oh, thank you sir, but if I found out about hitting Neil up for a check so help me god
If people keep hitting Neil for a check Paco won't have a medal they're often it gets into his old age
Enjoy it won't get those 50 dollars Neil left him in his will mm-hmm
Oh, well, are they cutting the hours of Zach or what about the Lord of the board?
He had the Lord of the board the grim Reaper right now. Is he still gonna be around?
Uh, I don't know I guess I don't know Robert Gryper the Lord of the Board
The illiterate one who says the biggest name no that's not it
Don't panic what happened to what I hit I hit the nyan and it came up like yeah, there it is
Well, that's scary
Fact he's scary Robert Gryper
Now let me ask you a question. I don't want to get too personal with him, but do you think he's really got a penis?
Um
All right, I mean
I didn't want to go there. I don't care
But I mean just just crossed my mind
We try to reel my mind back in and get it back into my head. No
Well, there's something to question you know my brain just checked out on my body there
Oh and wait to hear this after the break I got this in my
Deleted pile which I do check it every now and then because I'm interested in seeing how some of these misfits like US
MSEFC a 44 when I delete you when I block you it just goes to deleted
I've got the life story of hi Ron right here
Chambas life story
So if I were you I take a I pop a lot of pills between now and the end of the break
No
The fourth leader
Big O or Landu Alze Gary mornings five to seven sports radio five sixty QAM the sports leader. It's Friday
West
Hey
Hey how the hell are you welcome Jack in the box I'm Jack can I'll be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean
Looks like a Jack burger at a large fries. Sorry pal. We're cleaning the grease fire. We don't have any french fries today
Okay, uh, they're just give me a small order of fries, please look chief. Maybe you didn't hear me
I said we don't have any
Fries today's how about something else okay, then just give me an order of fries
Listen up pal. Who put the straw and straw berry nature did that's right nature did who put the eight-pen eight forgot
Nature does right nature did now listen carefully who put the freak in french fries
There ain't no freak in french fries. That's what I've been trying to tell you but breath there ain't no freaking french fries
Now get out of my sight before I shove your teeth so far down your
Throw you'll have to sit on the jack burger to eat it
Oh
Have a nice day have a nice day. Well, I haven't played that in a long time. Thank God for that. Yeah
I was just gonna say all the oldie moldy. I never liked that bit. Oh, and that's one that just love just like Mickey and I right
That's one of those. It's funny though the one time the first time. Yeah, maybe two or three times
But after the 14,000 time. Oh, we want to hear jack in the box. I'm playing all the oldies between on the end of the year in honor of Chris
Leaving the show
Well, thank you
Mark and my Amy says sorry if you've told a story numerous times
But I didn't hear why fat Chris is being fired. He's not being fired. He's being a demoted
From full-time to part-time and the part-time includes not this show. He's being knocked off the show
Just another way that management is showing they don't care about your show at all
Or those of us will listen to you tell Chris. He'll be missed as mark and my me. Thanks Mark
You'll be missed thank you mark now. Do you want to hear this a very abbreviated life story of this moron Doran?
Sure, what a jambas life story
Hi Ron. Hi, Ron
A simple
Total 30 70 year old simple then in Miami Doran Grinowski. I was born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio in 1971
I moved to Florida in 1983
I graduated from North Miami Beach senior high in 1990 and 1993 my father died
I got married in 1998 was married for 10 years in 2006. I met my chronic buddy Prozac Ron. Thanks to George who gave our numbers out on the year
Thanks to George. Yeah, I heard
I'm your friend. I'm your friend
Currently I work for my older brother who owns a warehouse
I'm also co-owner so I don't work much. I enjoy your show Neil and Ron and I will always be around
Your friends to the end prosack Ron and Jamba
PSI'll be in Ohio in the spring and may come to Toronto to visit you wouldn't that be cool
No, it would not be cool. It would be unacceptable and maybe
We'll ask visit anywhere
Doran moron
See these guys actually think that we enjoy them that they're funny and that they're a part of the show and that they're right
We would like them to die. Yes, we want to fully as possible immediately not sooner
And if they had any common DCC they would both go away
But they don't and they would have their families had any common DCC
We promise we'll never call again about no because they have no life so they're sitter
Absolutely correct. Oh, they in their life is I have no life
And if their families their handlers had any DCC they would put a stop to it, but they don't either no, they do not
Well, here's a guy whose 37 was married for 10 years to what I don't know
That's about a blow up what a blow up doll one of the cheap ones. Yeah, El Chippo
Boy, look at that
Let me take a look and see how that loony is doing Toronto stockies changed down 189 the Dow down 200 the Nasdaq down down
Maria oil $41.73 of barrel. Let's roll out the barrel. Come on
41 bucks. It was 150 bucks for the same crap just a few weeks ago. Remember that
Yep, Canadian loony 77.01. It's going down to 76 soon. It's going down down down down. Got to got to go down beat not up
That's what Zax is
Now you better go and I'm thinking maybe clearance isn't there today because there may be there on a way up here
Oh, yeah, that could be
Is Jolly Joe there today? I don't know about him. I'm sure you've seen his practice clutches here. Yeah, you retarded ass
Clarets is here. He is yeah
Well, maybe he's not coming here for the game
See that's another thing. I wonder how much they're spending. I wonder if Joe Jolly Joe is paying is a way to come up here for the dolphin game
That would be real interesting to find out wouldn't I wonder how many of the losers from down there are coming up here
On station expense to see a stupid football game at the Roger Center
While poor Chris can't get two nickels to rub you even the quarter schlock guy won't loan him any money
Who is paying for all these people traveling to Toronto
And they'd sure so better not be traveling business class on air Canada because let me tell you that cost an arm in five legs
They are grave robbers at secure Canada
Redlands Jim says Neil George as said before Chris has become a part of the show
Well miss him. I think management is trying to mess with your format again best you all Janet says hi whoever Janet is
Thanks, Redlands Jim
PR Ralph who is just absolutely chronic your friend George my buddy
Chris went one door closes another one open good luck in you to the great jump. How do you know clearances there today because I've spoken to him a few times already
About what about the logistical considerations of you know doing logistical considerations, huh?
Well, what a pseudo intellectual palace turd that was
And what did he say about a boot about a beep
Talked to George course of a two o'clock. So I'm talking to George course of a two o'clock. Oh, I run out of there 130
If how were you and did he say happy birthday? I
Don't I don't think so
No, no, it's not do you think so?
I don't remember I don't wish you a happy birthday. I don't know if he did I forgot when he did not
What a nutscratchin nerd
Clarence
Well, that's right and PR Ralph says today is uh oh jays do day unfortunately you'll be off here when they hand on the sentence
And the judge he's a hard-ass take no mere that says how do you like that?
mm-hmm no schmitt
Whatever that means one good maybe she'll give him life
But it's only a 23 in the morning in Vegas, so he who knows maybe like it the one o'clock. We'll get it
Maybe he'll get it
Here's one from the fake Larry King
Larry King w i o d
Isn't interesting how mr. Radio was also mr. Radio 610
It's all coming from over there from cheap channel from some loser yep
From some goofball from the past
It says will pack kid Chris a salami sandwich
Tell George to buy him a patty-mailed on rye are you gonna take Jimmy syphilis big dog and mad dog to woodbine
You might as well invite tree Crawford too
Maybe they'll let you in the booth during the game you could work the sideline like Henry Barrow
Is fat hank gonna be there for ESPN? I have no idea
I'm sure he's not
And if he was gonna be here, he would have called me unlike the other people you mentioned there
And of course Jimmy syphilis can you see me having a meal with Jimmy syphilis?
Jimmy syphilis?
No, nobody is indicated any desire to like see my fat ass and I have no desire to see there
So that's the way it is they're all gonna be up here in Toronto for the weekend for the big game the big game
At the Roger Center on Sunday fish and the bills
The fish and the bills. Oh my god
Tick-jiran let me say it again. He looks like a dead man on the sidelines
Am I right? I don't we discuss that yesterday, but it's just it's tragic he looks so gaunt
And no matter what's happening in the game he's still got that same confused look like what's going on out there?
At the further reveal
Buffalo Stealth Fox
Yeah
Jeff says this is really a joke about Chris being reassigned using him to clearly figure out another way that management can
Ben you over the table and with the last kind of Chris go out of your reaches total borschtman says Jeff
He seemed like a good guy. I wish him all the best while seemed being the operative term. Right he's a good guy. Why thank you
Don't start getting too emotional now
No, I'm not sure we don't want a cheerful farewell. I'll try not to you'll persevere as you always do, but you shouldn't have to
something
Says god I'd like to fire bomb that little f Joe hell. I hope fire ants attack is oozing hemorrhoids says Jeff
That's a good idea. Let's get some real nasty red fire ants to attack his ass
Might stimulate some more of that uncontrollable oozing bloody a diarrhea that he's been stricken with by the lord, you know
Damn god. I'm gonna get my joebell voodoo doll. That's gonna be my contact with him over the weekend
Oh, you're gonna go to the game deal. Oh my god. Why would I go to a game?
First of all the ticket prices are ludicrous and secondly, I don't care about either team. I can't stand either one of them
Although the bills I'm I'm looking different
Unlike the ranges. Do you know that idiot had the audacity after they lose to Montreal 62 last night to send me another
Ranger range of email
Deleted of course because he's blocked
You know the one who called yesterday twice
Mm-hmm about how I have to root for his team because everybody else sucks you sucks, sir
You're an idiot. You're a moron
Montreal six ranges to last night
They're crumbling, you know without the yogur and strata without the
You know, it's a phantom star a lot of teams do that good off to a phantom is staring in all of a sudden reality
Strikes and they come back to earth
The jack in a box bit is one of the best bits but head if you don't think it's funny
Then you're a rectum it says from Ben happy birthday, George you old fart not as old as Neil. Thank God. It says very nice
Very nice. Yep, hostile hostile and typical soft-floater radio-ish
Best
Biggest name
Best for your band
Think force lead your best
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation
Beachboy Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest composition
Granting as this interview Brian
Brian do you have any idea how he tarted you sound?
That's
Show you what I mean. Here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beachboy recording session
Hey man, did you like it?
My ears man, okay, okay wait wait wait wait listen
Do you like it? Oh, that's very nice Brian
Do you like it? It's a little hard to dance too
Do you like it? Yeah, very very nice Brian
The Brian Wilson collection of burned out compositions. Do you like it? Oh, yeah
Master copy of Apple now on eBay
Do you like it? Well, I've got to be going
Oh
Here's your president. He says credits beginning to move in the market is thawing that
May not survive
But out of detail plan recently that uses money that Congress appropriated last fall
For the auto industry. Why is anybody paying any attention to him and almost people are not they trying to forget even exists right
And now his younger brother there fat ass of Jeb oh he's gonna run for the Senate. Oh my god, and you know what he'll win too
He'll win probably
Because in Florida they love fat ass crooks like jet bush 570 votes in fact Chris's pool one of his very last pools
Aren't you gonna remember these? Oh, of course right about it in your memoirs?
By what?
Which celebrity death in 2008 meant the most to you?
George Carlin is blowing the competition away. He's got 40.7% of all the votes
232 say George Carlin
Paul Newman 92
Tim Russert 55 well, they sure made a big simmiss about him on a oh my god
Feeding their own that's all they know how to do in the media feeding their own
Bernie Mac 37 believe me Tim Russert didn't need anymore feeding that's why he croaked fat. He died from fat
His heart couldn't take any more fat
Uh, Bernie Mac 37 Arthur Clark who invented space travel 15. I still don't know what that means
Who was he?
wrote a thousand thousand one 2010 truck haston 15
And boy, I'll tell you one thing if anybody ever had reason for a party was the day that truck haston croaked
What is that under us ob
You
So p
I don't I can't even find it. Well, it's not worth letter you not spelled out. Oh you you you you you you you you you. Oh
Do you son of a bitch? It was worth it. I just love seeing him in those blue spandex pants those blue switches
In a Michael Moore movie, which movie was it? Bowling for Columbine? Mm-hmm
and
Waltzing away. Oh, that Michael Moore got him so bad it was beautiful. Showed him his NRA card. Oh good boy. Good boy. Oh
What a racist bastard to what a bigoted piece of turd
Richard Wright and founding member Pink Floyd 12 votes Michael Crite and Jurassic Park 11
I used to call him Michael Crickton. I don't know why because he's got a cricket as deck. Yeah, not anymore
Tony snow is dead 10 Susanne plushette 10. I she was nice. She was she was a nice actress
and nice lady. How you doing with the ladies by the way Chris
Don't know. Oh deadly 10 Jim McKay 10. It was a rhetorical question. Oh everybody else everybody else is in single digits
Isaac Hayes has got seven
New GA 6 5. I still know it's Roger. What is it? I'll go. I'll go. I'll go maybe maybe August related to that email
We got I'll go y'all go. I'll go which I haven't heard from today. Thank God
What about what's his name? How's he doing?
What's his name? How's he doing? He buys stubs two votes
For the Levi Stubbs from the four tops. That is just
It's unacceptable
Skip carry voice of the brave's nyan son of Harry carry and father of chip off the old block
And you want to know why he died?
Fat real big real fat and now real dead
Not just regular dead but really really dead extra dead ex that's right extra dead. I'll have my next to dead. Thank you
Oh did I tell you about that lobster ravioli we head for lunch yesterday. God that was good. Oh you said you were gonna and I did
Sounds really good
We loved it me and Paco we had lobster ravioli and then I went to wood mine one a few bucks
Everything here is just fine. Okay. Everything's fine. I'm not gonna overreact to this crisp business
I mean I I'm not surprised I was didn't I till I was expecting it for a long time
For a long time they've been trying to figure out a way to screw us over a little bit more cut the show down to two people
Although I noticed on the other shows. Let's take a look at the other shows
Like the Joe Rose show
Jesse does the updates which we don't have anybody has to do updates on this show Greg and Zach
Three other people beside Joe Rose
Mad dog he's only got today's got Curtis while they all got can do an updates can in Carlos
And who does updates on mad dogs show
Uh
Somebody yes someone on them
And even
Even on dolphin tonight seven away. We got to beast doing updates and Victor
Running the board. What? Yeah, Victor's the board. So they got three people on there
I'm dolphin tonight. I'm clean first of all. So you're gonna compare these important shows
The important sports shows to us. That's right. We're in significant. I forgot. I'm sorry. Right
Finneville I forgot I got texted
Uh by people during the break a hank will not be going up there
Yeah, but he wishes uh all the best uh he says hi happy holidays and all these things to you
And then yeah, you know the uh the joy and the Jewish of holidays. Yes, and uh and Joe is going up there and the dolphins are paying for it
Joe which Joe I don't know Joe Bell. Yeah, that's it
Well Joe Rose we know is going because he's on a broadcast for Christ's
So the dolphins are paying for Joe Bell to go up there, huh
You believe that no, I don't know Lisa Joe. I don't know which Joe. Maybe Joe's a gaki
Joe's a gaki gaki gaki gaki gaki gaki gaki let me tell you one thing about that
So okay, let me just say that but whichever Joe it is
Oh penis and root to Toronto right now
They're on root to Toronto right now. Oh my god. Let me go out there with a shotgun. Oh
Jesus are you kidding me? What are these jobs? Let me go out to Pearson
some Joe
Hey my good friend. What's his name? Adam from uh Waterloo Kitchener go out there and blow the plane out of the sky
I find out which one it is
They're on root right now. Oh happy day
Hanks says
You'll have to take Jimmy Suffle a lot to the machines because uh he won't be there to do it so you'll have to do it
Take him out to the machines. Yes the machine demand
I wouldn't get near Jimmy syphilis with your body
Well, thank you for that now the real fake Maria Barthoromo is opposed to the fake fake Maria Barthoromo
The real one says hello mr. Rogers condolences for Chris
I only hope we took my advice and diversified his income in the markets
Ha ha ha ha ha
Akeven diversify his income in bubble gum and baseball cards
Second, I sure hope your audience overlooks the fact that we lost 533,000 jobs in the past month and takes advantage of this once in lifetime buying opportunity
Lastly, I sure hope you're buying protection against this dollar strength as it will only be a temporary cycle
The minute the market returns to fundamentals the dollar will begin to weaken against most major currencies
Which includes the loony?
Remember the free market capitalism is the best path to prosperity or in your case protection of prosperity best regards
Maria B the fake Maria B
Maria Barthoromo with those gigantic drooping bags under those eyes a real meas kite
Okay, I'm bnn right now. I'm going to you the latest dope latest poop
Toronto Stock Exchange down 232 the Dow down 203 the Nasdaq down 29
Each your heart out rick Riley oil oil is down to $41 and for 50 cents of barrel holy moly. Let's go out and buy a bunch of oil
Right right. I'm old enough for the oily bird
I'm older than death
Boy gold took a real dump 743 and a half bucks announced
I sure hope you didn't go out and invest in gold like Maria told it to the Canadian economy lost 70,600 jobs in November
Everybody's had to work. We got a freaking depression
And a two o'clock. Guess where I'm going
gambling
Where would bind right?
41 dollars and 53 cents for oil. It was 150 bucks just a couple a month or two ago
And gas now you go to the gas station and they give it to you
Just open your mouth and they take the pump and just flood you they give you the only is 77 even it's on the verge of going under 77 cents
How do you like that?
77
Boy, that is good news
That means extra plungey money you do understand that sure because you american dollars worth that much more
Connect dollars and machines take connect dollars only
So that means I can go out there and lose a whole bunch of money this afternoon
Thanks Maria
The fourth lead
The biggest names the best talent is the mad dog
You manage half the news for the seven sports video 560 qa m the sports leader. I know that the lord even loves neo-roger
Siren mark deadly mark
He can tear your nose apart
You can't hear it but you can tell
Someone did it by that awful smell
What the hell did you eat
It smells just like rock meat
silent
Mark
I
Cut
I watched the woman's head swam all around
She was wearing a terrible
I walked right out of that place
With a big smile on my face
Silent part deadly part
Doing it is quiet and
I
Tens of your
If you're in church when you do
You'll have to stay
You
Lumb 47 13 till noon I haven't given the schedule for the rest of the day and I'm usually pretty good about that
You hear that noise. What is that? No, I could make some
Wow
Anyway, it's gone. It stopped
We got the big old with dolphin cam 2 to 4. What does that mean at dolphins cam? Well, what does that mean?
Um, I guess he's out there. I don't know. I practice doing what who knows the team is still there
Yep, I guess I don't know one the hell are they coming to Toronto? Maybe they're not gonna show maybe there'll be no shows
Mad dog at bruise room before the seven so he's obviously not on a plane yet
The off of the night 7 to wait in the 8 to 11 Greg Likens 11 a pm to 1 a.m. What's that all about?
If I know I sell you can you explain that to me while we got a show on we're cutting back
We're cutting your ass and we got a guy on from 11 p.m
I thought we did ESPN radio every night at 11 o'clock
Well, that's which I see what that sports show, you know
We got ESPN every night next week
What does that all about Greg Likens he must have found some of those naked pictures
At a boy Greg
Start selling them on eBay
All right, we got a whole bunch of emails. I asked for it and here we go. That's good. That means we won't have to take any stupid calls today
The huh
Well, you want to take some calls?
Here's George
Yeah, you screen him man. You're you're like a whoo. Yeah, George has a and what are we gonna do about screening the calls now?
Well, we're not gonna but when I do the show whoever they stick in there. I'm gonna make them answer the phones
Oh, nobody's gonna want to work with you then that's right. I as if they do already
Oh, here's one you just finished saying that the Cain's noles and Gators fans get a life and then five minutes later
You talk about the Rangers losing last night and you're constantly talking about the Maple Leafs who gives a shmit about that
Nobody likes hockey you gay hypocritical bastard you get a life you'll get a life
It's on a whole different level man than this juvenile this childish gators noles and Cain's thing
But they're all like hate each other like poison like poison
With the Leafs the fact that it matters is they just suck and they have for 41 years and they suck again this year
So we're used to it. How can I have a nervous breakdown so they got pounded by Phoenix last night who gives a flying crap
Rangers, and I'm not the one that calls up people and says oh well my team you got to move from my team
I don't do that you use for heaven on you want even if your team blows
Did you get the video I sent you last month at Tom Jones singing my Yira Shimama? I don't know because I don't open attachments or links
Also if you heard of the Barton brothers and the parody of Jo and Paul no, I have not who's Jo and Paul don't know
The parody of Jo and Paul I don't even know who that one I don't know what the dog in my old Ron and ancient Paul I know them
Did you see my Yira Shimama with the Tom Jones no and the thought of it makes me want to vomit
Don't forget go see George tomorrow
Two to four right to that place Metro PCS 20 350 North Federal Highway 4 Lauderdale is Georgia's birthday
And maybe you'll get lucky and win something there and whatever
Maybe Georgia get lucky to who knows
There's another Liz the first Liz was nice this one says too many Liz's
And after I read this I think you'll agree with her
It says I've never been a real fan of Chris so I'm not too upset about the news
How do you like that? Oh, well in fact, I'd be happy if they just replace him with Josh
I think Chris will land on his feet because it's the Christmas season
As uniquely suited for position as the department store Santa
This is from clearance make no mistake about or the be it's from the beast
From the freaking beast
Just some sound effects from last night's late speech game
Oh
It's like another one in that least net that a boy vessa
Nobody cares about hockey well if you saw the attendance of the a panthers game last night you'd agree with that
Nobody there y'all he was there though
Anyway, it says he even has pink chinks making Chris meaning Chris and acute button nose
Something I've always noticed about Chris. He usually gets into a snip with girls
I think it's because it the only way he can ever get with him to pay any attention to him other than when they stand in
This is point and go whoo you
you
Did you hear about the little spat between Lucy and Chris most amusing it was booty and the beast trust me
Anyway, I'm one of which George is super happy birthday if I were there
I give him a big hug and press my chest against him have a lovely weekend everyone says the hostile nasty liz
Well, I love this spot. Thanks trans is this is Reggie George can get a fat head
You're seeing this a light size wall graphic that you have seen with your walls
I can't it's kind of funny
You think
Sure, I'm noticing it. All right. Well, you've never seen because it's a it's a football spot
Uh-huh for the big head
What the heck I'll get myself one too. Yeah, she's getting her a big head
Rob says they just won't leave your show alone finally get some continuity on the show and I have to effort up
Maybe we can trade clearance across the street and get me go back to help your show probably not yeah right probably not
Can you play the Brad Booger Bell Monte Buffalo bill song? Thanks and good luck it would buy
Oh, I don't want to play that Buffalo bill. Did I just play that the other day you did yeah, I'm not playing it again. Sorry
A fan in port saying loosely Mary O says sorry to hear about Chris
We will he will miss him
I think he means we will miss somebody writes he will miss him
I hope olpeck drowns on their own effing oil who's taking it up the record now
He says bend over your own barrel guys
Yeah, those Saudis man. They should take it. I'm sure wouldn't be the first time keep up the good work
Thank you for the good free entertainment happy birthday George says Mario in port saying loosely. Thank you, Mario
You know, we don't hear from thank God in port saying loosely. Oh, thank God. Oh, don't say it
Our good friend genie of cage age and genie fame
Says I'm on vacations so I get to email you for a change normally. I listen on my headphones every day
Every work day while style clean pools. No, I'm not a Brit by all of the word whilst
KJ's playing music at a nursing home at the moment. He's found his crowd
Happy birthday to George. I love you more than I should love and snow snogs genie and KJ
P.S. By the way the fart sound on silent farts see this email from genie inspired me to play that
Is an empty contact lens solution bottle? Joyce you a whole
Yeah, joy should get back out of shape about that. It's it's contact lens bottle
So don't be given us no crap choice
Mike and for my asses. I'm one of the guys who likes to rip on fat Chris and jolly joe
Please send my good thoughts for Chris on the bad news that was delivered in yesterday
Well, thank you very much. It is truly pathetic
How he's been getting his hours and status cut to part time while people like the big zero keep their job
And jolly joe travels to dolphin games at Toronto where he has to pay for two seats
Can I have a shameless request for a gym man? It sings volume one or two
Thanks Neil and good luck at woodland on a good machine says Mike and for my ass
I want to play that machine man that machine
Here's step the act in with test him with a long rolling shot that we shall all decide to hang on to
And so there'll be a face off coming to the lab. Let's play the leaps saw loss
It was three three at this point. They're still in the game. How do you like that ranges ranges?
See really doesn't have anything to do with hockey or the ranges and it has to with obnoxious New Yorkers
That's what it has to do with including that one in particular
That one especially
What's our goal on the pool by the way hot shot? I was thinking like uh, oh already it's like oh, let's go for seven
750 sounds good
7 out of 50 votes and then the christays on the show there's Luke Shen hey Luke
Wow
Come on Luke. I got a spare shot spot in my shower
Uh 608 we're going for 750 there's no there's no point in reading the result because George Carlin just demolishes the competition
In fact, you can't complain about the competition on the pole because there isn't any
Keep the emails coming by the way fat Chris he's been blown off the show by clearance and by management mismanagement
He's being reduced to part-time status because anything they can do to screw up the show and
Budget cuts budget cuts
It is very much like the big three automakers and they're uh
Their private jets. It's the same thing these guys are jitting their way right now up here to Toronto and the meantime poor Chris
He's got to worry. He's going to get his next to three quarter slots to rub together
The biggest name
You're five sixty QAM the fourth leader
The biggest names the best talent
You're listening to sports radio five sixty double you QAM
This dick chanee I'd like to relax by having very magnet and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
Oh
Frosty the snowman was a code name for this guy
He was selling drugs. Okay. Colt came for the people who would buy
Went down to the village to a seat new clientele
Like Gallagher said I don't do the drug. I just like the way it smells
But our friend met a tragic and when one day he was stopped and after he had made the deal
It turned out to be a cop. Oh now he's in prison making love to other men
No, he isn't gay but he had to face a really in the end
Pumped in his room from
Look at the candy go
Pumped in his room from
Pumped in his room from all because of love
Correct him from a one at five sixty that gets you in a holiday mood. I'll guarantee you that don't forget
Go see George tomorrow two to four metro PCS
2350 north federal highway and four loaded
I want a gigantic turn out there and also bring some condolence cards for Chris. Sure. I'll bring him in on Monday
Bring some condolence gilded given to you if I see you Chris
Now how do you know that was the real all the Hank must have been
Confamulating with flea. No, Alison actually
Alison
Hank was talking to Alison and Alison let me know all of those. Why see
Did she tell him about the grotesque way in which he was relieved of her duties?
I'm sure he heard all about it. Oh boy
Nice going, Hopper. You got out when a kitten was good, baby
Brandon says I wonder if Chris will be invited now to the QM Christmas party doesn't look like it
Are you going to know that with Monday? What? That was his past Monday. Oh was already having you were there? No
We never got a memo from a certain boss telling us about it from clearance. I got one eventually
After it was over not from him
Now you really are trying to you know get get me to go into that whole thing about the memos with Alison and about the Christmas party
And I just I don't want to get it's Friday, man
Yeah, I'm I'm like in a fairly positive mood the sun is shining. It's freezing freezing cold
The doubt is down only 131 now. It's making a gigantic comeback everybody's out of work
See and let me just say one thing. Can I say one thing?
About all these experts out there on my life on his business. Oh, you never should have signed with her five years
With Q. I. M. A blah blah blah take that big. Hey, hey, cut. You know something. I'm tickled to death that I have that contract
And then I have what is called job security and a very substantial income guarantee for the next five years
Under the present circumstances you follow what I'm saying. Yep
Now if I had other offers to entertain if serious and all these other mavens all these other people with a big mouth
Keep channel if they would have put even 50 cent on the table which they did not then I might have considered it
But they did not none of them nobody
So all you geniuses out there who are experts on my life and why should do this and should do that scurry. Okay
It's the nature of the beast. I'm sorry. I say the beast you did there's money well spent make no mistake about it
Here's one from the fake Andrew Calb
So Q. A. M. Blue out default Hank Moan Ed Kaplan they must have you went to a signing a reduced contract and now they get rid of your board off
Who's next
What are you still doing there that didn't norm have offers from W. I. O. D. F. T. L. Sirius boy you must be psychic fake Andrew he didn't have offers from anybody
That's what I'm still doing here from nobody
And nobody ain't hiring nobody for any big money right now. That's the nature of the business business is finished
It's finito
newspaper radio television jaggeda cutbacks
Because we're in a depression. Oh no
Fake Andy Kelb. How do you like that? I told you it's all over there the old I. O. D. Yeah
Now which one of those misfits do you think it is maybe fat boy? Maybe is he would chief channel?
Yeah, is it probably him and Tim maybe him or his boyfriend and or his boyfriend right?
Crazy Dave
Ask your from Serberton London England who we can't stand says sorry to hear the fact Chris is being taken off your show
Send to my regards and wish him well for the future
Shame the stupid management doesn't realize they would not have to get rid of staff if they had a better format such as
General entertaining engaging talk with brilliant collars like me
Oh, yeah, that way W. Q. M. would have a bigger audience earn more money to keep the staff employed sports talk is utter rubbish
Happy birthday George. I reckon they should give him a regular show even these a bit of a junkie. Maybe the graveyard shift
says
Goofy off. Yeah, but I served a shoot up while I'm doing it. He's a very funny guy, but he's not
Not even moderately amusing. Oh, check it afford to be a junkie
Redolfo says poor Chris has fallen victim of what every want to be executive jolly joe bel for example suffers
That isn't instead of having creativity determination and skills to efficiently drive a sales force implementing business strategy
Develop more rapport with current accounts and enhance your skills of team
Something this would maximize the current accounts gain new ones and take some from the competition
Competition she sounds like competing which should judge that's not in his vocabulary. He doesn't believe in competing
He just wants to go and the guys across the street. That's all he wants to do
Exactly like a child
The problem is that since jolly joe bel has no leadership and no management skills
He does whatever the other loser of executive does he cuts expenses
Expenses that are negligible to the bottom line, but our advantage is a contributor which Chris is to the show
Well, they don't care about this show don't you understand
Chris's collateral damages result of the weakness and lack of leadership of jolly joe f jolly joe
Chris you don't want to work for people who behave this way anyhow build a strength to go search for a career elsewhere
Great show says redolfo
Build a strength Chris. I will
The thousand one forty four. I just keep mentioning that in passing. I'm sure a lot of people out there getting reading nervous
Especially with his bad jobs report. Oh my god
Whoo. Oh my god. Good
Cisco who I thought I had blocked and got rid of he's back again. I
Know I've been banned, but
See here's another guy who thinks that it's his business to start sticking his nose into my personal life
Into my private matters and making jokes and all he's trying to do is kiss your ass, you know
I rip in Paco because he hears you say something. Oh right away. He's just jumping on the bandwagon
That's it. That's what my mom always said what any time I said anything about her. It's like oh you're somebody else taught me how to do that
No, that's what Cisco is doing. I don't care what your mama said your mama. I'm just telling you. That's what he was doing all right
Well, he knows anything about my life nothing
I know I probably shouldn't be emailing after pissing you off a few weeks ago
I had to chime in on the christian situation to discuss you a regular yanta. That's why I played yanta man yesterday
Like I was playing you before the show today lots of yanta people out there
Papa Papa Papa Papa Papa like a rumor for example
Papa Papa Papa do you hear this Papa Papa you know
Told me about that chic that was buying Xerox. He was buying 80 20 inches Xerox and be sure and buy a bunch of it because it's gonna go
Zooming way up. I did buy a bunch of it and went zooming way down
Xerox my ass. I'll go sit on it. Okay. I will sit on this
Sorry to hear you're going Chris says there's this go what's gonna happen to the polls now?
Is this a precursor to future moves first Chris pull then God the the yeah, why what is that?
First Chris pull God then Neil God. I wouldn't be surprised if these idiots give the big O's Chris's position
They're slowly taking steps to their own self-destruction. I really don't understand it radio
Maybe difficult business, but it doesn't take a rocket surgeon our brand scientists to realize that 24 hours of the same topic is too much
Keep hope alive. Chris the polls will live on your memory says this go trying very hard to suck up go away
This go you bug me
Brandon says deaths you missed
Alan Melvin
What about Melvin X Melvin from WMES in Boston anybody remember Melvin X Melvin?
Nope, how about Barney woo woo Ginsberg do we have on Heath Ledger on here?
Barney from all of the family which we just got to do in Barney from all of the family isn't he the guy? Oh no
Heath Ledger
Well, we're getting to that if you let me finish Brian's email Brad Renfrow and here's the shocker. He'd led your member all the effort people went into
Yeah, he's dead. He'd led your the yay cowboy
Or at least in the movie anyway broke ass mounting
Bad movie bad flick and again, there's the proof I've been telling you people about all my life hype
That's what the world's all about. It's not about talent. It's not about quality. It's about hype
Speaking of stern. Oh, there's Barney Fag who looks like he's been sucking on a quince
Boy, he's just he you know when he reminds me of he's like a comic book character
Am I right? Yes, he is. He's not like a real place like Alma Fudd. I think he's the like Elmer Fud come to life
He's kept right out of the screen. He talks like Elmer Fuddy here
Here's one George constantly down great New Yorkers
Yet he's the most boring uninteresting person on the radio says this schmuck or her fart faces
I call him has no life expects everyone to be not obnoxious yet
He sucks and it's more obnoxious than anyone I've ever heard how do you like that? Uh-huh
Go back to New York
I'm just answering Paco's message least he's awake. It's only 10 past noon
He's retired you understand I did I do
He does know the difference between fact and fiction meaning George not top of it from his picky has no class at all
From your from your picture you have no class at all
Mel and bum Fogo. Hi. Oh, yeah, you're gonna want to talk Mel in bum Fogo. Hi loser
loser he sent us an email the other day tell us what a loser he was
He didn't have two appendices to rub together and now he's a resident in Ohio
It says in fact if there were a survey on your site for the most boring classless and brain dead radio person
He would win going away
Please note that I used to phrase radio person rather than radio personality
Okay enough slamming but tell him that the street goes in two directions Mel and bum Fogo
What's all the anger about what is he all about New Yorkers? Yeah, this is a guy in bum Fogo how he's defending New Yorkers
Hey, Mel you smell 629 votes on your poll by the way
As he's what I added he's
Oh, he was not there. Nope. He's ledger. We left off of there. Mm-hmm. Oh, how could we do that? Oh my god
We made a mistake. We made a mistake. Oh, where's my cousin Talon? We need him. We made a mistake. He's ledger
Didn't bother me at all
I think he was highly overrated first. He didn't look all like what they kept saying wow how hot he was he wasn't even like lukewarm
Not even lukewarm and as far as like Joey what's his name Jonas's concerned boy? He he had it all over heath
Yeah
And so did what's his name? You know, I never would have called myself a fan of his work until that Batman movie
He's ledger. Yes, he was good in it very he sold me in that one about Jason get Rick and not Jason get Rick
Oh played the other cowboy and oh
The other gay cowboy yeah
Oh boy he was in the thing with little uh the little
Midgets
Yeah, who's in that movie the Wizard of Oz? No, not the Wizard of Oz with those little gremlins. He was in gremlins Jake Gillinghall Jake Gillinghall there
You go how can you not remember Jake?
Jake and his snake easy
And let me say it again. There was there was not a gay love story. It was like a gay rape story
I am the fourth leader
It's a
Weaknight from a to 11 here on
The sports
It's Friday you
That became a secret well Dan I reckon if we're gonna be retired network anchors together
We ought to start drinking together. Oh good idea Tom
Bottom's up
Still to speak they're lies they have to tell
There are tools they can't deny on
Boko mountain you talking edged you're found a way to make the time pass up there. Oh
Well we're just fishin buddies
Broke our mountain and we shan't knew how to quit you down broke
No, he's a force of nature. You know Dan rather it could be like this
Just like this
Calm mountain now showing a little more than you wanted to see
1217 welcome to an auntie knows there's a guy that made all that money and he couldn't speak
It's just amazing blah blah blah blah and uh broke and I must don't forget
I
Mean once upon a time I must could speak like a hundred years ago
And then he started really and then of course the Sid got him canned
Deer Neil oh, oh, this is great
Your friends at best buy Brian Michael and Sam
Guess who this is about
Chris no
Let me give you a hint I'm here
Oh
Deer Neil a strange man came into best buy and pines a boulevard he was wearing a shirt
That takes pro-zac for Jesus. What does that mean?
He was talking to himself and snorting
He has some sort of mental disease
He picked up some parts for his computer and pulled out to grand in cash and said is this enough to get what he wanted
And I said yes
He didn't even know how much money he had he said his mommy sent it to him for Christmas
Then he went back to the TV section got a 52 inch plasma TV set and said he already had a 42 inch
I then pulled out his credit card which he said was his mommies and he said his mommy takes care of him
And we were all quiet as he walked away several star trek or star war figures fell out of his pocket
He quickly paid for his stuff and was walking out the door
I said sir you dropped these figures and he told me they were his collection of star direct figures
He was the strangest first I ever met but we all felt bad for him. He did buy a nice TV
Your friends at best buy
I'm your friend
Mm-hmm. How do you like that? Yeah
And I'm just I'm 10 when you relax boy you're high for your life right? I'm talking about
God and nothing that's the end of the story. That's it
There's no rest of the story
That's all she wrote man, but that's all it wrote. That's all they wrote best bar friends at best buy
I'm so happy about my little mouse
Good we're all happy for you. Twenty two bucks at future shop sure
635 votes and one thing about the future shop now. Who's it on by best buy? That's what someone said
Well, they give you incredible service you go up the escalator and you're the brand new future shop
And there's like 800 the salespeople
Hang it around and you just you know pick whichever one you want and say I want a mouse
Just a good old-fashioned not a wireless mouse, but an old-fashioned wired mouse
He said you want me to wire your mouse I said yeah
635 votes we were going for a what 700 750 no way we'll do it
I'm yeah in honor of Chris. Let's pile up those votes on this pool for crying out loud
There's the names of 6,000 dead people who died this year on air got to find somebody you like
For crying out loud. How's Heath Ledger doing by the way? Is he moving on up? He had one a minute ago
Heath Ledger has got one vote. Well, that's because we put him on there late
Mm-hmm. That's not so great when you put him on your late
I just don't care about him and I don't care about those Batman movies either because they have nothing to do with Batman
I know I'm I'm the odd man out
You're on a room. I grew up with Batman and Robin on TV and that's Batman and certainly a Batman without Robin is
You know what he is you don't have to look at it that way
What do you mean by that the Batman and Robin TV show had nothing to do with the Batman comic book
So what does one have to do with the other? No
Yes, no, it was a comedy spoof of the comic book
But there was you tell me that Robin wasn't in the comic book Robin was in the comic book eventually, but that doesn't uh
I'm not talking about the comic books comic books written by so many different superman without Clark without Lois Lane and
That's like a small bill without what's his name? What is I saw that for about two seconds
See as a matter of fact that the perfect example that they took the characters from the super boy comic and made a completely different product
And yeah, and so what and if he weren't hot who that would watch it
What's the point if Tom swelling wasn't super boy on there who that would watch it? How about if it was a good show
But is it is it you like the movie is a good movie period and a story I'll take your word for it
I just I just can't get what if you called it butterman or butter as well as all those other Batman movies
I saw Rod in the first time they made a good movie they won finally
They made one you pledge you know what what did he play the Joker he signed a phenomenal job. Yep. I was surprised. I was stunned. I was astonished
warrior I was
Was he as good as Burgess Meredith better
As the penguin better was he as good as Vincent Price is the flower as that is he better
What would he play Vincent Price deal with the pink flowers the Joker
No, he didn't Vincent Price. Oh, I get
For the Joker my ass you better learn your Batman mister because you sure don't know it yeah
See later. I'm gonna play the abridged tender before I almost didn't change my mind good
You want to hear the bridge? I can hear it in my head anytime. Oh Simpson sentence live. Oh, geez
It's after the break. This is gonna be great. It's 9.22 in the morning in Vegas
And they just showed him sitting there in his black as a blue jumpsuit and with a real schmitty and look on his face like oh boy
I'm screwed good
When when your whole life you you you I mean here's a guy who had a chance to capitalize on his joc career
He did with a hurtsting, you know and some really bad movies
But no instead of going to the the straight and narrow path. He decided to be a professional slimeball
OJ
Worship by the joc sniffer's the hockers in this building many of them
To a degree that was just terrifying it at that point. I should have run out of the building screaming let me out of here
That very first day that Norman brought me in that building well all the the schmutz the stains on the carpets and on the walls
It looked like it looked like a toilet
You remember that you are you already in there right? Yeah, no
Was a toilet what a mess
Well, and I thought to myself what kind of a slob is running this operation and then of course once I learned about the beesleys
Oh my god
So they're doing the break on CNN then when we come back
We may have to approach the break back winner or two. I don't know
When we come back they might have the oj sentencing live would that be great. Oh, yeah, how about if she just is we're gonna fry your ass
OJ when that be great
Bernie says I used to live in Southland now. I live in Atlanta
Unfortunately, I listen to your show with the internet Atlanta radio is the worst thank God for internet radio streaming
Also, thank Neil God and then it says that
Okay, we don't need anymore promos on CNN. Oh my god
Here's one it says liar liar stop with this nonsense you were hinting at how you felt a third person was superfluous last month
When you had a show with only one person there this action is either done because you outright requested it right or at least had your tacit approval
My ass. I guess you really think that Christian audience are dumb enough to believe you now. That's right. I lie about everything. I had Chris fired sure
Anybody believe that nobody would have an a brain believe that we did what only want two people on this show
What I was saying is that the end George knows this they've been this this goes back to the day when Greg and Duff used to stand in the other room with their arms folded watching
The operation and then this is years ago trying to come right some way that only two people need to work on the show
Which it always was that way and and we're happy to do it that way never needed anybody else until you went to Toronto right
It was all the other shows that had a staff when we call you here
The morning show the worst team had like 75 people working on our all crowded in there
Jamming around okay, I think they're done with his break
Anderson Cooper three oh Anderson's Cooper don't get that off my screen. It's gross
The juice a squeeze the sentencing hearing is underway this hour for OJ Simpson
Shut up and we took the judge was in October that a jury found shut up former golfing buddy
A Clarence Stewart guilty on all the charges they were facing including kidnapping our
Man can show another so we will watch developments in the courtroom our carifestrum is there and we will bring you additional information
Ah, in other words, we're not going to get to see let me go to MSNBC and see if they got enough of brains to put it on their life
No, they're in the middle of a commercial break
So keep keep on me alerted to be looking for that on the lookout for OJ
He could get up to 18 years. He could get life right oh
Oh, wouldn't that be wonderful to free us forever from that slime ball from professional murdering slime change it off my Spanish
Soaps just for this occasion have you I didn't know yeah, I'm gonna monitor CNN here
Well you monitor CNN. I'm out of MSNBC
Because that Tony Harris gives me spiel keys
643 votes on the who's your favorite dead person from 2008 pool
And you know what I don't think we're gonna get your 750
Didn't you say 700 yeah, I think so that goes to show it the lack of respect they have for you
On your last official day on this show maybe yeah, maybe we don't know you film Monday
But that was down only 132 oh here we go. It's on MSNBC
And faces a minimum of six years behind bars but potentially life in prison
Well, see that doesn't have a attorney. Y'all go answer speaking now. Let's listen. Oh, yes, the golem too
I've stated publicly. I stated it in court. We don't see what you're saying or many occasions round your hands
Sadid publicly and in our sense in demands the my client's ads
Your its clients ask y'all we know all about he's all ass
obi
So
Friday you bastard. You better know your jokes and your zacks. Hey, Zach. Not that's that.
Oh, Jason's an angel. So and we all know he's alive.
When all the biggest that we have learned, he still so he can retire.
Oh, Jay went in the hotel and waving guns in the air.
With a great big knife or two to spare time to scrap them in the electric chair.
You fairy. Oh Jay.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh Jay. Oh Jay.
You fairy.
So 31 and 560. You all come back now. You hear?
Pick that thing. Kill the bleeds.
MSNBC's got to the thing on.
Stupid ass.
Oh, there you go.
This time excellent job. That's a Yentica Lenter.
So Demsie says Zach and Jake. He's got two pictures. Here's Jake Hill and all. He was the one in
Bear Ass Mounding and he was not in Gremlins. Gremlins was made in 1980 or 84.
So it says Jake Hill and Hall looked like this when Gremlins remains got like a little kitty picture.
Yeah. Well, I'm I got to admit that I thought that's who it was.
That's all right. Easy enough mistake to make time. They both have their dark hair. You know,
yeah, Zach Gallagher is better looking by the way. At least he was.
Don't see him around too much no more. Yeah, Gremlins. Remember those little creatures?
And they had like an nasty sharp teeth kind of like Joe Bell.
Evil. Oh, the Dow all of a sudden is making a no, it's not. That was a mistake.
Down 154. There's the judge. He looks really mean like she woke up on the wrong side of bed today.
Oh boy. She looks mean and lean to this little queen.
You're taken out of our lives and how all of our lives will be changed because of the events of
September the 13th 2000 and set. But I can tell you as the person in this courtroom who knows
Mr. Simpson the best. He's a swim for such a long time. He's still afraid to. In his heart.
He didn't believe that's the way you get your stuff back. If you think somebody's trying to
say your stuff, you get somebody with a gun to go in there and say, lock the doors. Nobody leave
this room till I get my Schmidt back, right? Right. Wait, when you hear this, you're going to just
give up. Larry says, Neil, did you touch on this? I don't think he's on the pool. Paul
bended it from the Jefferson's. He was a young 70.
Good. Mr. Bentley. How many thousand times?
And he wants us to put him on the pool. He just croaked for crying out loud. He wants him on the pool.
No chance. There's enough names on there to choke an elephant on the pool. Got 8,000 names on
there. And plus George Carlin's getting all the votes anyways. Got a 40 right? Mr. Bentley,
he got a chance. No chance. 652 votes. You'll be lucky to make 700. The way this thing is degenerating.
We'll do it. We'll get 700. Why don't you be honest with this Neil? You want to criss off the show?
This is the same thing they did to me when the hangout blown off the morning show.
Same thing. Everything that happens to anybody and that's bad. That's my fault.
I wanted it. I encouraged it. I, you know, see one thing about the bird at IOD. I didn't lie about that.
I don't lie about anything along these lines. I wanted him off of that show and I made it very,
I called up Disney. I said, get him off of there. Get him rid of him.
Disney and that raised on the hall. Within a matter of moments, just there was flying down the hall.
Let's skid marks. That's right. And said, hey, bird, you're done. He squished the bird.
Speaking of going on, a different Glenn.
Neil, my favorite pizza came from a place many years ago when I lived in Hylia.
The restaurant was Pascuala's. There was just something about the taste of the cheese I never
found again till many years later, but I lived in Fort Lauderdale. Used to plug the place all the
time, but since it's gone out of business, it was on Oakland Park, just west of university.
It's driving me crazy trying to remember the name of the place. They also had frozen pies.
You could buy a cook at home and it were just as good. Please help. I know you'll remember the name.
Thanks. No, I don't remember the name. I remember the place. I know what he's talking about. I have no
idea what it was. So somebody must know it was on Oakland Park, just west of university.
And you could buy frozen pies, take him to home, put him in the oven, and it was just as good as the
ones you'd buy cooked pizza joint. You remember? No, you know, I remember places like that, but not the
name of that particular place. It was Dan Good. Sad is back again. He says, I don't want to be a
chronic, but this bitch Maria B in her kind of brainwashing financial advisors. My ass really
ticks me off. The market is made for big investors with big, big money, not for a little guy with
a hundred bucks a month to deposit into a 401k. If she's right, why is it that people are retiring
with no money? Money they gave to Maria B and a holes like her who come and go every couple of
years only to find out there's nothing in their accounts. Take your money, give it to a monkey,
they'll do great for you in the market. Otherwise, invest it safely like out of the mattress or
would buy him where you might have a chance. I wouldn't buy another sheriff's stock. I wouldn't
buy a mutual fund if they gave it to me at half price. If they guaranteed me because if they
guarantee they'd be lying. I don't tell me he's speaking. No hatred for my Gilbert. In the past,
as we know, you heard on the tape, my Gilbert tried to set me up in a porn video, trick me into a room
with getting cameras and he still wrote in the newspaper in the tabloids. There's still that
cover stories that OJ did, even though there was no. OJ done it. Somebody farted in the elevator.
OJ done it. I yelled at him and I forgave him just like I yelled at Bruce and Birchley.
I think he's got a cry out. We've talked about it. Birchley ran the next day and Bruce and I
phoned and talked about it. His kids have called me since this. We apologize to each other.
The only person I asked, you apologize to Nicole? How about Ryan? I did. I need to do this car.
I asked them if they had some guys that helped me remove these things from the room. I didn't
ask anybody to do anything but to stand behind me, allow me to yell at these guys and then help me
remove those things. If they wouldn't let me remove them, we would call the cops on them.
Because I felt that they were wrong. They had turned awarders and they hadn't turned over
some of these things that were those garnishable and things that were not garnishable.
I didn't want to yell at them. I think Mrs. McClink and the previous trials that I didn't ask to me
yell at anybody. Unfortunately, they did and I believe it was my fault because I brought them
there. I knew the character of a couple of other guys that were there and it was my fault that
they were there. But in no way did I mean to hurt anybody to steal anything from anyone.
I spoke to Bruce before I left the room. He told me what was here. You failed.
I called him and I got to the car and said exactly what do you have? I want to send it back to you.
I talked to the police officers. I volunteered immediately to come back.
So I'm what was taken. Oh, damn what took place. Before anybody talked to the police, I was
told I did a do it and I could only taste that they thought I was stupid for doing it.
But I didn't want to steal anything from anybody. I don't think anybody there said I wanted
anybody else's stuff. Just my own. I wanted my daughter, Ms. Brown-Daver, her mother's wedding
stole it. You know, my kids who had pictures. My oldest son has his own family now.
He wanted to picture an old office. Would you have fought when he was five years old stolen?
All of these things are gone. My family knew what we're doing. And I don't want to hurt Bruce.
I didn't want to hurt any of these guys. I know these guys. These guys have eaten in my own
book reports with their kids. I sung to their mothers when they were sick.
Now I wasn't dead or hurt anybody. I just wanted my personal things and I realized I was stupid
of me. I am sorry. I didn't mean to steal anything from anybody. And I didn't know I was doing
anything illegal. I thought I was confronting friends and retrieving my property. So I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for all of it. But all the other guys, except Mr. Stewart, volunteered. They wanted
to go. Mr. Stewart is the only person that I asked. Would he come to help you? All the rest of
when they found out they volunteered. I won't let us go. One, I'm wanted to be the security guy.
He claimed he was a security guy. But I didn't mean to hurt anybody and I didn't mean to steal from anybody.
Thank you. Okay. Mr. Bryson, on behalf of Mr. Stewart, what would you like to say?
Again, we're going to split it. It's not going to take very long.
Oh, thank God for that. We only got a four hour show.
Get out of this guy. He'll fly his ass.
Stewart, thank you. 560 QAM.
I think. Fourth lead.
I have juiced up right now.
The mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Black
Puster Entertainment.
Give Maddage sings duets.
Well, I'll ride.
I'll ride.
Here's a mad dog.
Give Maddage sings classic rock.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Now, baby, it's the ride.
Oh, ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
I'll ride.
Maddage does.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
I like that.
But now he says.
I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't kiss enough with that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America and paste his in the G-string up here.
I'll do it.
You got food.
And everybody knows that it's all right.
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Oh, ride.
Jim said he's sing you as available now and all brought us this story.
Oh, man.
This is my favorite thing, baby.
Because you know, I feel about three by four.
You know, when they know it, they're not supposed to be.
I can't look through.
They're not supposed to be.
I can't look through.
They're not supposed to be.
They're not supposed to be.
They're not supposed to be.
I didn't do nothing.
So what am I supposed to do with that?
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
I'm running back on the man.
I didn't do nothing.
I didn't know what I was going to do.
I didn't know what I was going to do.
I was going to do nothing.
I was going to do nothing.
I was going to do nothing.
I was going to do nothing.
I was going to do nothing.
I was going to do nothing.
No, shut me down.
!!
I don't know what I was going to do.
Why did this guy show up like this?
Why?
WHAT THE CUP G give up!!!
This guy is my pleasure.
He's somewhat confused.
What did you do?
I thought His demeanor was very good for the fam.
and I thought he came across very well.
He was somewhat sympathetic and he said the right things.
He said, I'm sorry, I did a boneheaded thing
and I love Nevada and please give me a break.
And that's really, those are the kinds of things
that the defendant should say at the time.
The particular part that is attention getting
is he is telling the judge, look, my stuff was stolen,
my daughter had her mother's wedding ring.
It was taken.
I just wanted to get back family heirlooms
that are important to my family.
Why didn't we see David?
That OJ Simpson on during the conviction phase of his trial.
Well, we can't be a Monday morning quarterback,
but who knows if he brought that to the jury
and he did testify, you never know.
Maybe he would have been acquitted.
He made a pretty sympathetic figure there, don't think?
You can't second guess the attorney's decision.
At least not a problem.
There were so many reasons in this case,
not to put OJ Simpson on this land.
Well, his past, he could have been cross examined
on his entire past, the facts of this case,
and you know what, his statements do make out
the elements of the crime.
So if the jury's going to decide the case
based on the elements of the crime,
he's making it out right there.
Look, I don't want to go back and retry this case
because he's been there and done that in terms of
why it's armed robbery and kidnapping
when you go into a hotel room.
Judge Denise Bail for Simpson and co-definite
pending their appeal, and it's still going on.
And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
all like that.
Let me know when a big moment comes when she says
100 years.
Okay.
He didn't do nothing.
He did.
Just like he didn't kill those two people, not.
Mr. Hockey, whoever the hell he is, Mr. Hockey.
Oh, God.
Well, OJ Simpson would be allowed to keep his job
as director of compliance and conduct
for the University of Miami athletic program.
This is a sad day for you, Emma.
Is their patron saint of thuggery gets put away.
She, I thought he went to USC, OJ.
Yeah, he did.
What's he got to do with UM?
Nothing other than the fact you can't
spell scum without UM, but other than that.
Well, here's one from early this morning,
just before we went on the year.
It says, Ranger's fans are scum.
You know, I would say to that.
Absolutely correct.
Neil, I died laughing yesterday as you took
a few Ranger's fans, calls in a couple of chronicles.
Your calls can be hysterical.
Yeah, they could be, but most of them are not.
I must apologize a decade later for outing you
after a Ranger's game of LA guy back to truck
under the lot, under the something
of your flaming purple Corvette.
When you got out, I said, loudly,
that's Neil Rogers, the guy next to me
started screaming, Neil God.
The Ranger fans are right at me at last time.
I remember the Panthers and the playoffs when Gretzky
and the awesome Ranger line beat a very good Panthers team.
I confess I had a major man crush,
I'm Billy Lindsay and Jody Ho.
I remember when Mrs. Ho called you on the year.
The difference today with your show is the lack of Julios.
I have a South American friend who briefly lived here
and became obsessed with you.
A Julio called in from a Sedano supermarket
pay phone to sing you a poem made up for you.
It ended with, I hope you end up in hell with Luis Miguel.
My friend still talks about that call.
In other words, more Julios, please,
and less New Yorkers and not the Cubando Apprenditos
like George.
What is that?
Are appenditos?
Are appenditos?
Yeah, are appenditos.
Repented to Cubans.
In other words, not Cuban anymore.
Are you an are appendito?
Are appendito, yes.
Are appendito?
No, in notorious one.
I can say like you post a child for are appenditos.
Yes.
Are appendito.
Anyway, Armadillo Cafe is an icey restaurant in Bogota
enough stairs area that every girl I ever took upstairs
ended up sliding off their seat, I ended up banging.
Bogota's got some smoking hot girls,
especially in the hood around Armadillo nestled up against
the mountains, all the girls in that area are very well
educated too.
The best nicknames you never mentioned Greg Lucenas,
the weather furry, not to be confused with Ms. Camar,
and the other one I can't read.
The Mickey bits are the only way I can give my five-year-old
daughter to listen to your show.
My parents are originally from Rochester.
They met at Strong Memorial.
I want Strong Memorial.
How would you spell the word Strong?
Strong as TRO and G?
Right.
He spells it, STRAUGNN.
Strong Memorial.
And then he's got spelling question mark.
You out of, you out of, and Tito.
So I always knew about that from my hometown,
even though I've never been to Rochester.
He didn't miss much.
I grandfather owned a card dealership that I think is now
a radio station.
It was called Simmons Motors.
Did anybody, by the way,
what before I get through reading this,
which it doesn't get any better?
Did anybody say anything about that pizza joint?
No.
Not to me.
No.
This is from Dr. L.
I understand you're well paid for what you do, though.
Not as well paid as used to be,
but if you've ever been selected to win
an award as a broadcaster, you should,
oh, just sucking ass with a picture of me,
Neil Rogers best talk show.
Oh, doesn't he understand I don't need the butt sucking?
I can't stand it.
I can stomach it.
Nobody says nothing about that pizza joint.
Neil at NeilRoges.com, that's depressing.
Well, they're so, they're so down, you know,
about Chris getting blown off the show.
Because of budgetary cutbacks at QAM.
Yeah.
Just wanted to write to let you know how much I appreciate you.
I started listening at Zeta's as this, whoever this is.
For your information, I spent two summers in Hawaii,
went to Pano who high school at the same time as Obama.
But I don't remember any dark kid in my class
with the same age.
It was a very high school H a OLE.
What does that mean?
So a dark guy would have stood out.
What is H a OLE?
High OLE?
Okay.
Take the gun, leave the gun.
Yesterday, CJ Habgood, Brevard County,
won a prestigious Sunset, Beach, O'Neill contest
in monstrous surf.
I'm usually embarrassed to be a flimed
you needed for today.
I'm glowing and Kelly, one is ninth world title this year.
Is that Kelly a slater?
Maybe.
Oh, hey, I bet he knows looks so good anymore.
All the best things again for 20 years of labs
was that you, he's dressed listening
to flash their headlights.
No.
I don't have any idea what I think filled it that one.
So Mr. Rigo, I don't have any idea.
Yeah, flash your headlights if you're listening.
Not.
Nobody knows that pizza place.
No, nothing in there.
That is depressing.
Now I'm gonna be wearing all weekend long.
Oh, what's the name of that joint where they had the,
huh, you'll remember it in a dream.
No, I won't remember.
I'll be sitting on the throne or something.
All of a sudden it'll come to me.
It'll it'll crap right out of you.
Oh, yeah.
It'll, you know, kind of like help the process along.
Eureka.
Yeah, that's right.
Just like that.
Kind of like, grand plan.
Just imagine, can you imagine if the clan from QA
is on Toronto, so early Pearson Airport now?
I have no idea what airline they were flying.
Couldn't we find that out?
If they were flying like American or Air Canada or what
the other way we're flying, US scare.
There aren't that many airlines from down there that come here.
I think just American US scare.
And of course, air Canada.
One of the great ripoffs of all time.
And that's what that's the way it works when you have a monopoly.
Just gouge the public.
Simpson's attorney is asking for a sentence of six to 17 years.
So what confused?
Yeah, you're confused.
I feel like apologetic to the people of the state in Nevada.
How about those two dead people in California?
How do you feel?
Shut up.
The biggest name.
The best.
I'm sorry.
I'm so glad.
I'm the fourth lead.
The biggest names.
The best.
Call it.
You're listening to sports radio five sixty double you Q a.m.
I am a for the other day.
We just got the real when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping old women with painted lips
around the pole.
I listen to the new Rogers one to two.
I mean, I listen to the new Rogers Aaron balance one to two hours.
Well, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
You keep the cool.
You keep the cool.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
You keep the cool.
You keep the cool.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
How beautiful.
That night when she turned off all the lights, there's no place where she could hide on the
Oh, J.W.A.A.
Oh, J.W.A.A.
And the party afterwards was hate.
Everything in this case was on tape.
And it's your only words, Mr. Simpson, your own words that could be heard throughout
those events that have brought you here to this seat in my courtroom. You're
fairly because we heard it all and what came out on the tapes said to me and
obviously to the jury that the evidence in this case was overwhelming. It was
overwhelming. How often as a judge do I sit and listen to a trial and hear
everything laid out for me to be able to hear. It's very rare. Now the
event in question in the room at the palestation where I went to that room it was
a little bitty room and there were a lot of you big guys in that little bitty room.
And when I heard the tape that was not a oh just give me my stuff back I want my
stuff. That was nobody leave the room that was actually a very violent event and I
don't care what Beardley says now or what Frohmong says now. I know what
Beardley says immediately afterwards when he called the police we heard that
too. That was a violent event. Guns were brought. Gun of at least one gun was
drawn. The potential for harm to occur in that room was tremendous and I don't
know how fortunate to consider yourself to be at this moment but really
truly if the gun had gone off and bullets started flying not only could one in
the room have been hurt but some who are tourist walking down the hallway or
worker at that hotel could have been hurt. That is why we have rules in state
and about that. That's a you can't take back your own property by force and
you any anybody else's property by force you can't do it there's no self help
you can not do it but you did now I hear Mr. Glentor he says all Mr. Simpson was
just stupid he didn't really need to do anything wrong that is not really
evidenced by what transpired here when you take a gun with you and you take men
with you to show in a show of force that's not just a hey give me my stuff that
that's something else and that's what went on here and that's why we're all
here because this is not behavior that we can just say oops it's okay no
problem don't worry no harm no foul then after the event all of a sudden the
realization hits and their phone calls made there was no gun there was no
gun there was no gun Mr. Simpson made those phone calls there was no gun well why
in the heck would he be calling anybody to say there was no gun except for the
fact that he realized there was a gun and ups I might be in some trouble
and then at the party at the party the latter the joking did you see the
look on his face haha isn't this funny
you knew what was going on there you knew and Mr. Stewart you got caught up in
something I'm not sure how much you knew but clearly Mr. Simpson I actually
am surprised that I heard from you Mr. Simpson I had believed that there wasn't
going to be a statement from you and I was going to be concerned about your lack
of responsibility for this action and it's kind of a fine line in what you said to me
I hear I hear what you said and what Mr. Galacher said which is I didn't intend to do
anything wrong so I must not have done something wrong so there was no criminal
intent it was just all stupidity I have to tell you now it was much more than
stupidity and it's very rare that somebody talked to me of the sentencing
about men's ray and criminal intent it really doesn't matter you went to the
room you took on you in the group you used force you took property whether it
was yours or somebody else's and in this state that amounts to robbery with
use of a devil whether it's you having the gun or Mr. McClinton having
gun or Mr. Alexander having gun when I first started this trial and I talked to
the jury when we had the whole panel in I stated to the group that if this was
that they were here because they wanted to punish Mr. Simpson for what had happened
previously then this wasn't the case for them and I meant that as the judge in this case
I'm not here to sentence Mr. Simpson for what's happened in his life previously in the criminal
justice system as a judge who resides in courtroom in this courtroom every day and over trials
hundreds of trials during the six years I've been here I have great respect for the criminal
justice system I'm part of it and as a judge who has taken jury verdicts for years I respect
the verdicts of my judge I have to respect what happened in the case 13 years ago with Mr. Simpson
the jury decided there are many people who disagree with that verdict but that doesn't matter to me
what matters to me is that the state brought charges a trial was conducted as it is was heard
testimony received the jury deliberated and I have to respect that verdict this way
there is nothing more that's going to happen here other than a sentence for you Mr. Stewart
and a sentence for you Mr. Simpson based on the evidence that occurred in this case I'm not here to try and cause any
restribution or any payback for anything else I want that to be perfectly clear to everyone
because if I did then I wouldn't be doing my job as a judge who presides over a courtroom in this jurisdiction
okay the problem is is that I can't ignore that the behavior at the time on September 13 was reckless it disregarded the law
the law was broken force was used gun three used or at least a gun was used there was another gun there
the potential for harm was great your fortunate nothing more happened property was stolen the jury convicted you and now I'll send you
okay Mr. Stewart go ahead and stand up for me and you go ahead and you can stand up Mr. Simpson as well
all right Mr. Stewart in addition to the $25 administrative assessment in the $150 D&A fee asked count one that
conspiracy committed crime 12 months in park County detention seven as to count two conspiracy
commit kidnapping a minimum term of 12 months max term of 48 months and then about it park corrections counts
count two to run concurrent count one count three conspiracy commit robbery a minimum term of 12 months max
term of 48 months and then about it apart from corrections count three to run concurrent count two count four
for a long possession of the other weapon a minimum term of 26 months a maximum term of 96 months and then about it
to correct you count four to run concurrent to count three count five first to be kidnapping with use of another weapon
a fixed term of 15 years with parole eligibility beginning after five years and due to the additional danger that the weapon posed in enhancing the danger during that event a
consecutive minimum term of 12 months maximum term of 72 months and then about it apart from corrections
on count six the same thing it's a kidnapping with use for other weapon oh and count five or one and current with count four
count six the fixed 15 parole eligibility after five with a consecutive 12 to 72 count seven the robbery with use of a
maximum term of 180 months with a consecutive 12 to 72 that a one concurrent to count six count eight a minimum term of 60 months a maximum term of 72 a
maximum 180 months with a consecutive 12 to 72 we're on concurrent to count seven on count nine which is the assault with the
Department of Corrections and that'll run consecutive to eight and count
sounds like a minimum term of 70 months in the Nevada Department of Corrections they're doing all this concurrent stuff so we're going to have to wait to see somebody's got to do the math and I believe that completes Mr. Stewart
that's the most important time sir what 64 days no whatever it is I think today we'll be great let me see okay let's do the break and then maybe we'll get Mr. Simpson when we come back
she didn't she was very clear that she did not buy Yale Goulanter the defense attorney's argument that the and the dows only down 94 points good things have a sunny shine and
Simpson another real surprise here Andrea you had OJ Simpson taking the stand today and trying to explain to the judge what he was thinking going into that hotel
room he says our stuff was being stolen I went back to my family and I know that there were family heirlooms there I just wanted to get my stuff back and these four guys who I
considered friends and I was ready to go in there and just reclaim my stuff I didn't want there to be trouble I didn't think I was stealing
anything I think you're gonna say that because we've been hearing from his attorney from other outside legal experts that he didn't want to
jeopardize his chances when it came to an appeal here and we know his attorneys are going to appeal they didn't want to jeopardize that appeal so it was
surprising to hear him explain with such great emotion what he was thinking going into that hotel room well she did not buy that argument at all especially
because everything was on tape let's ask David Schwartz Michael Bryant the legal analyst what is the impact of the
analyst obviously he could have had life in prison but 15 years the possibility of parole after five is that the bottom line here
it sounds like the bottom the bottom line Andrew but then there were some consecutive sentences right in there as well so we may be looking
at a minimum of eight years until he's eligible for parole you know we have to do the calculations yeah we definitely have to do the math again it is a little bit complicated here
there were so many counts that had concurrent as well as consecutive sentences Dan Abrams is on the phone right now and we see legal
that oh Dan Abrams is on the phone now we'll get to the we'll get the history poop so in watching this day new moon no how do you assess
yeah I'm so far I mean look it's it's basically what we expected which is that OJ Simpson and I we do have to do the math remember
when you heard the word the man that's not really where that means in addition to concurrent of course means can be served at the same time
no every time you heard a sentence there laid out by the judge what's happening when the judge would say to be served concurrently means at the same time
so there's not going to be an additional sentence you heard their sentence after sentence come down for OJ Simpson the minute the judge said
that can be served concurrently means that'll be basically part of the previous sentence for the crime that we just talked about
so it sounds like I think the other the other people we just spoke with our right it sounds like at least a minimum of six years
because there was at least a consecutive there for for a minimum at least 12 months right so but it may have been more we were going to have to
just fries as and get it over with already make make the public happy right right
now here's the first two responses on the emails from all of this by the way don't forget go see George tomorrow 2 to 4 metro PCS
20 to 50 North Federal Highway 4 Lauderdale and celebrate OJ going away to the slamer for a long time and celebrate Georgia's birthday too
and celebrate the fact that fact Chris even though he's been the humanized he's still part of the show for a while
how long we don't know do we know no if you had any more info any more input no output
no output no down put no square and when it the fake square and says OJ is going to prison oh no
I'm in charge of lining up participants for the next celebrity government the radio station I'm currently working for hump
hump tulips although the sassy the radio station I'm currently working for in hump tulips Washington
which mass murderers are left David Berkowitz Richard Ramirez how about Charlie Stark whether is he still alive John Wayne Geesey George Bush helps
gruan says and then it says I really do miss where I foster in the big black dildo the men here Washington just don't compare and
either do the sex toys says scurrant oh she must have been listening to a bastard playing that dropping yeah
be right up her alley so to speak cliff and candle x oj neighbor says and it's a touchdown I'm going to walk over to oj's house down the street
right now and do the end zone boogie so long oj sounds like he's gotten all expenses paid vacation in Vegas for
least 15 years and his house to the long list of unsolved inventory I speak for all of east candle when I say good
riddance says cliff and candle all right all right you as vindication for the for the person that they loved and they think that this is
some level of the the goldmines were there in court in that great yep and they love seeing him get put away for a long
long time I wonder if he ever like turn around and look back at them and give him like you know kind of a wink and a
nod finger and said you're number one well I bet you they're just filling from this can you imagine
the joy um John says I hope oj gets raped it it did it I smell a new oj and mo bit come and finally justice for this murdering
s ob john a like worth thanks john happy whole of these
Ida is back Ida says I hate to see fat Chris go tell Chris I enjoyed his unpretentious and informative commentary
and wish him the best with whatever he does I don't wish to see the best Chris oh thank you very much I better
was that big mouthed cheeko bitch from across the hall that got Chris axed it made me upset when she was talking
bad about Chris that time that's George's buddy Lucy Lopez um PS even though he doesn't like Puerto Rican women tell
George I hope he has a great birthday tomorrow and a gay old time oh a really gay look what you started the
fake Larry Kings is flashing headlights wasn't that Ricken suds I don't think so was it I don't know it sounds
something stupid enough a rict of thought of it oh uh huh whoo finally after all these years
George comes out of the closet I was hatred of Rick Riley I don't hate it was it just his participation in the show
you hated I hated participating in the show yes well I want to make I want to make it clear that we
separate him from suds so I'm not going to say I hated the show you just hated the fact that Rick wanted
working on the show correct that was down 95 points now or it's spastic what I was about to say 84 now it's
96 bouncing around you think Marie was like doing the ebg use 92 speaking of numbers 696
like I said we'll be lucky to get to 700 which we will and then kiss the ground we got that it's Friday you know it's Friday
it's the holidays people are schlepping and shopping oh Jay sentenced to at least 15 years in prison they do it they end up
doing the specific sentence on each count in the indictment yeah we heard it with celebrity death in 2008 meant the most to you
George Carlin blows away the competition almost 40% 277 votes Paul Newman 114 Tim Russert 68 Bernie Mac 47 Arthur Clark 19
boy it's a big drop off from Bernie Mac Arthur Clark Richard Wright founding member of Pink Floyd 16 Chuck Heston 16
from his cold that hands we're gonna we're gonna grab it Suzanne Plishette 13 I only do the double digits Jim McKay a dozen
Michael Crite and 11 Tony Snow 11 bow deadly 11 skip carry 10 everybody all single digits
how is what's his name doing from the four tops dead Levi Stubbs no I don't mean that but you get a couple more votes maybe he'd led you's got four
I don't even see him on here anymore oh there he is Levi Tuss Stubbs for for the four tops Levi Stubb
I guess nobody cares anymore about Levi Stubb huh no that's what happens when you die they don't care about I wonder if
Oji's gonna die in the slammer and let's have a big party come on the best talent
Oh what's the problem officer deploy from the vehicle if you're caught driving without a seatbelt
you will be removed from your car and shot the police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2
the new laws and effect now so click it or be shot officers don't like doing this they are only following orders
it's for your own protection in the never ending fight against terrorism terrorist acts such as mouth noise
and fighting but be annoying to others so under Patriot Act 2 eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants
anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot
it's the law we like saying that the law the law the law the law it's the law it's the law it means the law 131 and 560 WQM the family of Fred Goldman and his
bunch they're gonna speak shortly now what wasn't can we get him to go away now with that silly mustache oh no I don't want to sound insensitive
because I was starting this morning that you wake up to him I sure did no I didn't is on my TV you before it was on he was on my TV really oh yeah well maybe he'll go away now for five days
that was down 93 points they keep dragging him out and schlepping him out you know with that stupid handle bar mustache
what kind of people wear mustache like that anyway what kind of guys I don't know in fact I wonder what what kind of guys decide to grow a mustache
well what is it that is that the guys want to look more macho because it sure didn't work for like Jerry Colona you know he looked like gay like that maybe it's supposed to distract you something else
is that it I tried it for a while was all it's a distraction from the fact that he's not reaching for the bill that he's pushing it over to a view
oh look at that funny mustache rumors got and the meantime he's shoving the check for lunch in your face
Kathy says just thinking about that story the other day about how football players have shorter life spans than most men makes their average deaths at about the age of 52
how old is OJ now plus 15 years he's 61 so 15 years he'd be 76 dead this just might be a life sentence as Kathy at least he's out of South Florida for a while
that's the really good news get him out of Kindle the dows make it look try to make a little bit of a comeback when that be nice and the week on a on a fairly mediocre note not too bad
that'd be nice oh and it would be really something if that loony was like under how much was it before 70 seven see it's easy to remember that
when you remember the days of really great personality radio 77
w a b c it's willing yeah we know he's still alive too Chevy checker right I keep checking on it 41 dollars and 62 cents for a barrel of oil I'll take five thank you boy how can it be that something that was worth 150 dollars of barrel is now 41
I hope that all those slimy Saudis over there all those geckies I hope that they rot in the royal and the down and the T. S. X. is making a little bit of a comeback to it's only down one 38
but you're heavily invested in the T. S. X. you know it the Dow is down 77 NASDAQ only down three oil is just dropping and drive pretty so I'm telling you when you pull up in the gas station they're going to give you all the gas you want and a bag of money
that sounds like a deal wait here's a whole about fill up your tank oh 77 and a third it made a little comeback to loony I don't like that that's sourd my day I like 77 nice even hours hoping it would go down 76
J. R sends me this long long email let's go because we got a few minutes to come I'm not taking no calls today sorry oh come on no
now on the day maybe Chris can screen some calls today as punishment sure you want me to forget and demoted by clearance I'm telling you the beast had his foot in this believe you me I'm telling you this is the way things go at that radio station
it's all politics man politics the beast he tried to get you can a few weeks ago and then you outed him on the air and he came with that apology that phonic apology
and now you're getting like a screwed over and and you know him in clearance I was tight as a snare drum they're like siamese twins attached at the
back of ass says neal god since you're obsessed with Joe Jonas who said I'm obsessed with him I don't know maybe you know I did not
I'm just put it off says why I'm not really sure if he looks all that good anyway he looked good in that concert
and I but like I said they put a lot of makeup on people in concerts and dressed up like all hot and sexy and I'm like that
even though he's of course born again I've called miss Cleo and this is what she said about the Neil Joe union when Leo and Scorpio join together in a love match the result is usually a dynamic and intense union
they're well-tuned into one another's needs Scorpio demands respect and wanted and to be wanted while Leo needs to be adored and complimented constantly
they're both extremely loyal often possessive of one another both members of this love match are able to give the other what they need while enjoying one another's strength
oh this just goes on and on ruled by the house of sex to do influences the idea of regeneration and re-burning that is current theme in Scorpio's life
well he hasn't found out about that yet or that's on the Scorpio on and on it goes it says what's the best aspect of a Leo Scorpio relationship
it's their shared sense of dedication to one another and the projects they've undertaken I got a project for Joe both signs have very powerful yet strategically different personalities
they're seen as strong pair by others and their dedication to fulfilling their desires makes there's a strong love match
miss Cleo says Yamann and once her $13.95 but loads but loads how do you like that miss Cleo says Yamann she gave me the green light go ahead and do them
but he'll have to lose that ring though first that what is it called chastity ring yeah something begins with the sea I'm not sure it's chastity some kind of a ring
a bubbler county woman where the house Butler County oh in Pennsylvania a bubbler county woman was won 115 grand playing a 25 cent quick hitch slot machine at the Meadows race track and casino at the Meadows I wonder if Roger Houston was there to celebrate
Judith Devers of Valencia hit the jackpot November 19th general manager Michael Grinage said the news release Wednesday the prize was about 15 grand chai the Meadows all time record jackpot of 131,674 that was on a quarter slot see that that kind of is his crap man a quarter
slot guy she went 115 and it was a quick hit so she must have got nine quick hits I got eight that one time I told you I got eight one time yeah I don't go there and I am the good news for beating on his last official day although he's he's gonna still be around we think now you sure you're gonna be here on Monday of course I'm not sure the schedule says I'm here but you know
that my 17 well they don't have any kind of ball games of stuff you got to do this weekend right I'm actually doing the onsite producer for the dolphins post game
oh no the dolphin game you mean it the Roger Center yep all the phones we're gonna be back you kidding me
you know you should ever be you know back producing a show for someone sometime filler music baby don't fly without a net
so I've got mine in there and we've got 20 minutes left of the show over here you expect me to fill by saying something about something of course not
I should have Friday all kinds of rumors of all kinds of bloodletting going on here don't feel don't feel personally bad although I do think there's some personal things going on
but people in the building can I say one time I'm sorry I forgot your about people card and the home today oh sorry it like it was the Monday what rumors you tell me or whatever no because
they're not confirmed yet I ain't going to go on the air with anything I haven't confirmed so in other words you have information but you don't want to tell me about it
I don't want to tell anybody about it is about anything to do with this show how about if I find out if it's true or not
this is about anything to do with this show no oh anybody we like maybe oh my God you at the very least you ought to put it on a on a facts and facts
into me oh let me find out if it's true or not no no no it was me and I will promise you all we know if I had a dime I will not read it on the air I promise the audience can hear it right now
if I had it back into me and if I read it I will split my wrist yeah right I don't know yet let me find out more after the show and I'll text you no that's not fair then you have the whole weekend to forget about it
no no yeah that's what you're counting on you know what is it what did the tummy just say you know it's hanging off to the show for a little while yeah I got news for I got my shoes on my socks well very
macockner says this regard yesterday's email or restraining order will not work he might need to go the way of old Yeller
meaning pro-secret I volunteer now I'm waiting for that facts we got this break coming up I pray how about if I don't read it till two o'clock I'm just going to text you no don't do that
now okay why wait till we come back just a joke just a joke I look so sealed
projects 4.5 60 QAM the fourth leader it's Friday you best
to
be
I
I took a walk down the street and I took out my flashlight
And I suspected something funny when I saw some father's love
Then I jumped over the wall and an octon-catos door
He told me about something, she heard so I looked around some more
And I suspected something funny when I found a bloody glove
A bloody glove
Oh!
Father didn't tell kiddo, a bloody glove
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Next thing we knew, OJ went on a low speed, run for a ride
Now he's in an LA jail charged for double, on the side
And I believe it's first degree, murder is guilty of
It's because of a bloody glove
Oh, wow
On 46th of QA we got the big old coming up from Dolphin Camp 2
Mad Dog from a bruise room at 4
But that was only down 48 and a half point
I wouldn't be surprised if it gets into positive territory
Woo!
As Danny Galivan would say, in the Canadian's territory
Oh, he was a constipated old fool
Now here's a little ojcho, I get before the end of the show
It doesn't bother me though, I got my shoes on, my pantalumes
Now it's only down 41, it's making a comeback baby
It's gonna go positive, trust me
And that's because we all are rallying around Fakris
By the way, guess what George told me
Just a joke
Just a joke, will you stop?
What a laugh it
You act like I'm some kind of a child
But I was down 34 points
It's making a big move now, that's because OJ got 15 years plus
Down 27, see that?
Everybody's dancing
It says, before you were exiled to Canada
Did you ever give a shmit about the T.S.X. the looney, the weather, and Toronto, etc.?
No, I did not because I wasn't living there
How do you like that, eh?
Did you even know what the T.S.X. is?
No, I did not, and I don't care about it now either
Now you spend huge chunks of time talking about it
Yeah, like it takes at least a second to read the number
Huge chunks of time talking about it
Ah-ha!
When you were living down in Miami and turned on the radio to hear someone talking about that crap
What would your reaction have been?
I bet it would have been to immediately change the station
Which is apparently what most of your former listeners feel as well
But not you, Pally, thank you so much for hanging with me
Even through the T.S.X. and the looney and tooney
You jackass
See, that's my life now, I'm here
See, so I care about things like that
And we also have a lot of people listen all over the place
Not just a bunch of parochial nipwits like you
Boy, what a bunch of rotten
That was only down 29.30
Uh-oh, going in a wrong direction
In fact, Chris, you know, if you'd have pushed it, I know you're a little under the, under the weather mentally
7.30, you almost made your 750
Almost
We do it now, I should have, oh here's one for my hot maghanda
Gandhi
Hey, with things getting bad at the station, I was wondering if you'd like me to show up
In front of the QM building and protest as my hot maghanda
Sure
Sit down there and eat a lot of falafel
Uh-oh, it's back up 3070, he's a lot of curry
Maybe kid curry will come back too
Doubt it
Well, so do we know whatever happened with him or are you not telling me that either?
No, I don't know what he's doing. He just vanished one day, you know
Like Maddie Bell, didn't he just vanish?
No
No, he got canned
No, you know, Greg left and all his cronies went with him one by one
Oh, like the water Nazi
And Maddie Bell
Maddie Bell used to at least bring us the ratings though
Right
What was the reason you didn't like him? I never had a problem with Maddie Bell
I don't think
Okay, did I forget?
Yeah, you must have
What did he do?
He was always marking out whatever we were doing, especially me to Greg and you would have been out of town
And then I would come in here and smile
I called his finger at me for doing something
And what did you do?
You used to run around up and down the hallway and put her ear to the doors to hear all the gossip
The intergirl
It was Maddie Bell, that's how I got my internship here
See, there you go, Maddie was not a bad guy, he helped out Fad Chris
Well, he gave me, he gave my mother's boss a number to call
Which got me a hold of the beast
Who was in charge of interns at the time
So you were hired by the beast?
Well, I was
And fired by the beast
I hired by Dero, I guess, and if you want to call it hiring, they said yeah, you can return with us whenever you feel like coming in
Really?
Yep
I'll be damned
Did you ever care about this?
Do you see, I think people are interested in, you know, you're just like people want to see pictures
What do you look like now? It's like that
Am I right?
Yep
Oh, you spent huge tons of time talking about the TSX
Yeah, your mama
Florida man charged with battery after reportedly shoving cheeseburger into girlfriend's face
Not nice
That's like that bitch said to me it would buy me other day
You're a nasty man
And I said, and you're a crazy bitch and she was
I should have taken that chair and run after her with it
A viral beach man is accused of assaulting his girlfriend multiple times with the McDonald's Cheeseburger or Krona was the rest of it even
I like that and funny yesterday we were talking about cheeseburgers
I'm surprised that foot he didn't call me with a recommendation
He should be an expert on that by now
The woman told the Indian River County Sheriff's Orphys she was sitting in a car in front of her home
She shares with Vincent Gonzalez
22 of the 300 block of 12th-road viral beach
The couple began arguing and Gonzalez would not allow her to leave the car the affidavit said
The woman threw Gonzalez's drink out of the car the report said in response
Gonzalez grabbed the woman's arm and forced a cheeseburger into her face
Both of them stepped out of the vehicle and Gonzalez smashed the cheeseburger
I wonder which one of them ate it after that
Oh
How do you like that? He smashed it right into her purse
Now we got just enough time to promote that appearance one more time tomorrow
Woman sent in state months in jail for leaving dog to die in a lot of crate
They had to put that bitch in a lot of crate for all day and all day
No food, no water
Some human barbarians
So here's the deal
Tomorrow's George's birthday, okay? Now a lot of you are hard to ask and you don't care
A lot of you hate George like poison and a lot of you hate me like poison
A lot of you just hate everybody
But here's your chance to go and wish him a happy birthday and pat him on the head
I know you're not going to bring him a card or a nice gift or money but
Or drugs
You think they might?
They might
Mitch Mitchell Bob Dylan's grandmother of the Jimi Hendrix experience did not make the list
Oh, I'm so sorry signed to fake Bob Dylan
And from Limmerk Island the Corrigan brothers are coming to DC nobody knows who they are and nobody cares you know who they are?
Nope, why is somebody sending me that within the attachment no less?
Anyway, George will be at the Metro PCS
20 to 50 North Federal Highway for a lot of day or tomorrow between two and four
And you might actually win something they're giving away the ultimate college football championship game experience including four tickets to the BCS championship game
Four pregame field passes four fan fest aggregate party passes so kiss a lot of George's ass and you might win something right there's a lot of ass there to kiss
Really oh and while we got a few seconds left let me just tell you what George told me in that text message
WQ
Oh
No matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle
That you think God for your family because someday there'll be
Dead dead dead
Someday there'll be dead
I have no life
Someday will all be dead
Who knows how many Christmas is left in the short night?
I've heard him in
Nobody knows that's my point enjoy the while you can
And so on Christmas morning let good tidings fill your head
What a festive season someday you'll be dead
Dead dead dead dead dead dead dead dead
Everyone you know dead rock solid very Merry Christmas to you
Dead
You're very
Merry Christmas everybody
Bye bye bye
The biggest names the best call it
I'll help all the best
And your home for Miami Dolphins football
Bort's radio 560 WQ AM
Miami for Lauderdale
Why don't you tell that nice girl you love us
I love you with all my heart if I don't see you again soon I'm gonna die
