When she realized she raised her criminal crown
God grant Bush as party bells and I
And she kissed me, old and crafty
And she raised her party, think that he's chicken drowsy
And takes her bricks to a table
She says they want no boys
Watch like she's carrying an apple and fall between her thighs and eyes
Party bells and I
And she's had to feed her corn
And let she move a surprise
These wiggles when she's caught
But her voice has already fell tonight
Three days before she got Bush and Jen Bush
Not a man she's been looking wild and white
She'll be reaching back
And smells just like the magic sauce
I'm a big guy
I'm a boy she resembles on his first night
I'm a bad day with money
That will be nice
Well she hasn't played that for a long time
I ran here just to pop it up
Oh, that's one of life's simple pleasures
I didn't even know it was posed up
So it's on in that pole simple pleasures
Yeah
Popping ears
Finger pop in time, who did that song?
I'll find out
I've got any idea
Finger pop in time, I bet you got it
Hey now, hey now
Finger
I don't know something like that
Finger looking good pop in time
Oh you got to know this one it's all
You know
Yeah, I know
Yeah, it's all in it
I have no idea, it's a heavy checker
Close
Close
When my pickin'
Close
Who did it?
Hake Ballard
Oh, Hake Ballard and Midnight
Well he did the twist
He's right, it's what I said, it's heavy checker
That's why I said close
Oh, it was close
Okay, that's not
Did his race speech turn things around Barakabama?
Two new poles seem to indicate yes
Two new poles of Pennsylvania North Carolina
The two biggest remaining states left
were released today and show momentum
toward Barakabama
It released yesterday, excuse me
First Rasmussen now has
a Clinton up 49 to 39 in Pennsylvania
Last week she had a 13 point lead
Now it's only 10
V before was a 15 point lead
so it is diminishing
This is important for a few reasons
First of all, poles last week
seemed to show Clinton expanding her lead in Pennsylvania
probably due to the
Reverend Wright controversy
Obviously that is stopped now
At least according to this poll
Obama is gaining even if it's only a slight game
It should be noted that Obama is yet to even start
major campaigning in Pennsylvania
It's also important because the media expectation
that is building is that she needs to blow
Obama out of Pennsylvania by at least
15 to 20 points
Last week it looked like she might do that
now it don't look so great
The other interesting thing to look at is the
Poles Favourability Survey
Last week 76% of youths were refavorably
This week that number was down to 68%
Maybe they abogged in the lie about
all that sniper fire on the term
Yeah, but the latest one
Yeah, the latest lie
The poll was taken two days ago
Monday, so it's possible
Meanwhile Obama's favorability
was 72% last week and still 71% this week
Considering all the hoopla around the right business
and that it was going to wreck his campaign
to think his favorability rating would have dropped more than just 1%
Following a week of near non-stop coverage about right
Well, the media evidently got a wrong game
And in North Carolina
Public policy polling now has got Obama
with a massive lead
55 to 34% 21 point lead
Wow
And last week they released a poll
that had the race at 44% for Obama
So it's a huge shift in just a week
According to the internal polls the main reason for the shift
is white voters
Last week swallowing lead among white voters in North Carolina
56 to 30%
Now this week that lead is down to 47 to 40%
Most obvious reason in the shift is Obama's
praised speech on race
Regardless of what she says
From now until then
Clinton will have a near impossible time convincing anybody
She's got any kind of a shot
if she loses North Carolina by more than 10 points
She's going to get her ASCICT in North Carolina
Nothing will be finer than to kick her ass in North Carolina
Five eyes swallowing
Don't let the door hit you in the fat ass on the way out
Go back to Chappacua
We're going back to Albany
We're ever going to hang it in now
Go back to Washington
When Nero George talks about religion
This is yesterday's poll
which we almost have in the thousands of votes already Chris
Which means we're going to change it real fast
We've got tomorrow's poll on there already
Okay
Thanks to Brandon
Now maybe you don't like tomorrow
Do you want me to tell you tomorrow's poll before we do this one?
Why not?
What part of the newspaper do you always read?
Okay
I hope that
I hope none is one of the options
Yes, all right
I don't read newspapers on air cross reposal
I don't judge local state antelope
Front-to-fade world sports business
Comics horoscope, obituaries, classifiers
and coupons
I'm one of those great coupons
If I find one of them about them before I kick it out of my stall
What the newspaper?
Yeah
Well of course look at what you've got to choose from
You've got the herald and the scum sentle
Well dirty my fingertips with either one of those rags
Because we don't have the Hollywood Suntaler for you anymore
That's too bad
Well I think when Thor to really start going in the crapper is when all the dog prikes close down
Well I don't think they close down
But they started nobody
People stop going there
Hey everybody go to the dog track
Okay let's bring South Florida back to life
I'd rather go to the horse track
But you're going to be there on Friday
But I'm pretty excited
And Jordan is going to be back in Gillespie
He's like a regular there now
I'm going to be
And I didn't tell you before the show today I want a thousand bucks in woodmine
I'm going to be there
That's the good news
The bad news is I got off a machine that paid three grand
So how would you feel about that?
Whatever I would count my bloodsings anyway
I just didn't have a good feeling about that machine
Because it paid big and in fact that's a machine I won on Sunday
And usually they don't stay hot that long
Of course there's no such thing as a hot machine
You know all those tips is that right those stupid books like the one you want to send me
But never leave a hot machine
But anyway so the guy got on there and he got a spin for a thousand followed up almost immediately
By two grand on the line
Which is a clever way to computer paying out three grand
So you're playing against the computer and these idiots who don't understand that
You know you can bang on the wheel, you can bang on the machine, you can break the glass
Which several people have done that
Because they get so frustrated and they slam the glass and they break the glass
And then the woodmine polis come and they take them away in handcuffs
But anyway
When Neil or George talks about religion we have not 165 votes
And this is not very uplifting compared to the time we did it years ago
I mean we're talking some ornary people out there
And I guess maybe they think by casting the votes like that they're going to stop us from doing it and other not
I love it 442
It's interesting 242
You had those two together you got over 80%
I turned it off 135, 13, 28% turned it off when we talked religion
You believe that?
No
And it pisses me off 55, 5.6% out of 9.74
We'll get to a thousand and then we'll uh, Schmidt can't
We'll put the new one on there about the newspaper
Let's do this giveaway right now as a matter of fact call her number five
And I was he in there flee to do this or not
Oh I thought we were going to do that around the new in time
No that's the panther ticket thing
All right I don't know when we're going to do that
What are you talking about?
That's the discussion that we have before the show is that we don't know exactly when we're going to do that
And I'm sure we'll find out
The discussion with whom?
You and I had it
No we didn't
When I faxed that stuff I said I don't know when we're doing the discussion but I'll be sure to find out
And then when I find out we'll do it
I was here for it did you happen to be in the room at the time Chris?
Yeah
Maybe I wasn't listening
I'm sure or maybe I was not doing the joys
I didn't do the joys this morning
No because it was a two-way conversation so if you were doing the joys you must have taken that microphone with you
I did
Did you have a sound effects?
No it is on the Alka Seltzer's mouth
His is plot plot without the fifth gun
So I shouldn't do the color number five right now
No I don't think there's anybody in there so just hold it
But at least we're streaming today
Okay we've had last couple days we've had some real defugalies here
All these little victories let's celebrate each one
Well what's the victory?
The fact that we're streaming today
We're on the air ahead we're streaming
I'm screaming
I'm screaming
And the year's game what?
What's with Joe Roselowly by the way?
A lot of screaming
Even on the players they like it so he's doing more on it
Is that what it is?
That's it
They like screamers maybe that's why I got this job
976 on the full Chris can't wait until we change the one about the newspapers
Don't forget to join
Don't forget to join George this Friday from 10 to 2 at Gulf St. now can I read this promo now or do I have to find out?
No no that's firm and we'll be doing that very shortly
We'll be doing what?
That other giveaway
The giveaway?
Yeah
Did Flea tell you that?
That's he did
He's coming in there and then he
He enticed it to me
Oh I see
Oh is he not there yet?
I'm aware he is
He's only 10-10
Busy man he's been in here since the 830 this morning at the very least
He was here when I showed up
Join George this Friday 10 to 2 at Gulf St.
What is it?
Race track in Casino and Hellendale
Yeah in Casimbe
Come by for a great horse racing
It's in Hellendale baby we're all the old parts so play a little poker maybe hit the slots for a big jackpot
Oh speaker that some of some bag won 9 million dollars on the mega bucks
Not a wood buy but a casino ramma up in Berry
In ramma they call it
Rhymes with
Bama
Bama
But anyway some of the bitch out of some lady won 9 million dollars on it
I noticed because they have it at all the Ontario casinos it's one of those where they have it at all the places
You know and it's a it's just keeps going up and up and up and unless somebody wins the jackpot keeps increasing
And I've noticed the wood buy was like 8.7 8.8 then I stop paying attention
I don't play that because it doesn't pay worth of crap unless you have the jackpot
Which is like winning the lottery
Oh the lottery was 15 million tonight I better go play it I'll see you
Don't let me forget to play the lottery today
Okay
Well 15 million tonight for the hey don't forget to play that lottery today
6.49
15 million for your thing I'd be back tomorrow
No I hope no
Oh that one last show near you have that one last show no I would not
I don't know you wouldn't have to have it but I would do it if I were in your position
Oh yeah
Yeah you'd be talking about the ricks the whole last venting
There's so many of them I hope they're not like that
She didn't know what they put on the episode
I'm gonna throw it in the truck and throw it in the truck
I think I am the fourth leader
Feel Roger
What all happened though and that was supposed to be the hippest most
Wicked hottest never opened it I keep the audience dazzled with this board babble and he's dad to do a little bit of a train wreck
Wasn't it it was a train wreck
wrecked
You okay?
Okay
No got hit by a train
Don't leave me now Tweet and you'll have been a dating advice
Advice
Well I took a girl to dinner last night I mean a real one didn't work out so good
So good
Why?
Well I was I did most of the talking you know how passionate I am about the he hoops hoops and he he hoops
I guess it's my homosexual attraction to men's basketball and well she threw a rapilltonia my face and walked out
Tweet
Tweet
Well he's a little bit dead
To the law
It also reminds me of the time a you Dennis pulled out a hambo
He sat there it tears welling up in his eye like the old Indian did I too shed it here
That sparkled like a rainbow on the cheek of a sad child on a rainy day
Chattles of despair hung in the arena as you Dennis nursed the pain of a bold hambo
You just take full a hambo and I cry
I love men
I'll cause a man
And that's why ladies and gentlemen nothing matters more than my life than being a vacuous self-interested almost actuals board hole
I'll get the yugga yugga
It's a 1018 to 560 WQ if you like that you'll hear a lot more of it between 2 and 4 this afternoon
The jerk show exclusively on QAM because who else would put it on here
Then 4 to 7 we got the mad dog then 7 o'clock to line it's dolphins all asses and it didn't even have any names on there now
Who's gonna be on there and then the D.A. Show night of midnight he's gonna do double duty a day again I guess
That's bullshit
Here that siren out there again?
No
No it is
Yeah
You're gonna need on a window microphone so that we can get the ambience you know how that
You don't need the ambience you have the crowd mic and the baseball games and stuff how about we know we have the video
All of the number 5 right now not
Sam just done this
We're ready for it now
Oh we are ready for it ok
Yes go do it
Color 5 right now at 1-800-227-0560
We use a $50 gift certificate to the historic downtown restaurant located at 10 South New River Drive
East in Fort Lauderdale
That's color number 5 right now 1-800-227-0560
And that's our restaurant for tomorrow for our neodyal
The historic downtowner
But nevertheless color number 5 right now 50 dollar certificate to the downtowner 1-800-227-0560
I'm doing it several times because I know that the delay hasn't caught up yet
Right
But we are streaming man
We're streaming baby
I know
I think
What was that?
Streamy sounds
Is that the wheel?
Yes
That's not like the old QAM, the IOD wheel
Spin the wheel
And good apprised
Rick Courts who serves as the University of Army football team chief spokesman is under criminal investigation
After a technician found child pornography in his office computer, Cornel Polis, Courts
52 of Miramar has not been charged
His Mary has four children according to his university biography, efforts to reach Courts
at his home by the herald and his cell phone were unsuccessful, he left the university
sports information office about two weeks ago, said a receptionist to answer the phone
University spokeswoman Margot Winnick declined to comment
For a university policy I can't discuss his records, he said
Coral Gables Police also declined to comment
We're still investigating since Sergeant Javier Bruzo's spokesman
According to a Gables Police Searchmore and file in date circuit court court said requested
UM computer technicians to repair his office computer because it ran too slow
As technician Alberto Perez reformatted the hard drive February 12th
He found an explicit video involving what appeared to be a pre-pubescent girl the warrant said
Perez found other sexually charged Mrs. of scantily images of scantily clad girls
that appeared to be between the ages of ten and fifteen
Also discovered more than ten files containing the word
Pito in the file name short for pedophilia according to the warrant
Other technicians found sexually explicit photos of children during a folder called
Season recaps the warrant said
School call Coral Gables Police Detective Dean Wunghoff impounded the computer
Umbra the warrant Wunghoff and detectives on February 23rd
Searchcourts' office at the Isador Hecht Athletic Center
They seized computers, floppy disks, documents 24 VHS takes including one labeled
Wake Forest vs. Miami and hundreds of CDs and DVDs
Courts joined the university in 2004 after nine years managing media affairs for the Jacksonville Jaguars
According to his bio he also worked as editor in chief
A pro footballer for the NFL Alumni Association and the Miami Doffins
We love the Doffins, we love the Panthers till they lost last night what they lost in Tampa
I mean they had a winette game that was just against the light weights
You got a winette game against the worst team in history one of them
And they didn't they lost three to one
Artutti, you know, just draw it about that
Their playoff hopes are up in the smoke just like the make believes here
They're pounded by a Boston 62 right here at the air candidates
They're scared scared can't at the center
We got our thousand votes yet or what so I want to change that poll and get off of this stuff
One more one more what one more vote
Well, let me refresh it 999 the next person will be the thousandth vote on the poll and we'll win a big prize
Rock a big pro like a pencil
We're an eraser on it no less can we afford to win?
I don't know a lot of cutbacks here at QAM
Lot of cutbacks including Chris's job pretty soon. It's been a lot of fun. We've enjoyed having it
Right and that was done all seven points what I said well, thank you you're not going anywhere the kind of money that you're a pity cash more than covers your salary
Yep, we're still stuck at 999 they're doing that just to piss me off you do know that all those good religion is out there
Come on somebody out there can cast another vote or don't we have a thousand people listening probably not
We used to have nobody wants the pencil there we go a thousand
We got it see all right
Here's the final total but nearer George talk about religion
I love it for bit 49 it's interesting 355 I turn it off 139 13.9% turned off is anybody believe them?
No lion getchkeys no and it pisses me off 57 5.5
5.7% out of a thousand votes now I just go over here and I click this and I click that I click back to here and look at that
Pull has changed George like magic whoo you do that what part of the newspaper do you always read
Well, I'll save the sports section
I'm not saying that's just because we're on this station, but I mean I always read this sports section
I usually read the front page in the editorial and stuff like that let us the editor do we put that on there by the way?
editorial page I'm looking I don't see it no but I added on there to do it
Because generally that's what I do I read the sports section I'll read the front page and then the editorial page letters to the editor
A column stuff like that and then I I Schmidt can't although at least we got some real newspapers here to them
The star and well the star and the global mail and then the sun which is a right wing tabloid and then of course the national post
Which is not tabloid but further right wing then you can't even imagine the national post day real right wing
Tom Andrews and the hoving in post right now do we give that the
Yeah, yeah, we did well. I'm just checking just to make sure oh yeah, yeah, you're kidding me you got five listeners
It could have been a used bandaid
Okay, anybody call the number 800 I want to use bandaid plus soaked bandaid from my knee
Oh, you got a bad knee no, I just made that up
Look at that we got some votes on the new pool that's good but I'll tell you we're really kicking ass our own and footies still doing must wear you find the best burger in town
Oh brother, it's just
It's one thing to have when I've always said in this business see there some people are scared of competition because they have no
self-confidence and usually with good reason you know like Joey but I've always said that good
Competition makes you better. It's good good to have good and we have horrible. Oh, we got a lot of ass
Noon, you know, we got that tub of crap but footy
Can't take them up with something better over there over there than that than footsie tootsie putsy wouldsy
Oh, oh god. I think even noodles would be better than that
Maybe lotion kugel with raisins hmm
Time Andrews and having imposed rights 4,000 and counting yesterday's coding of the 4,000th American soldier in Iraq was the latest grim maker in the Bush administration's
disastrous war and occupation of Iraq coming just days after the tragic passing of the fifth anniversary of the American invasion
Both occurred as the hollow claims by the Bush administration that it's so-called military surge is working became even more obviously absurd
For months it's been painfully clear that the goal of the surge political reconciliation that a decline in violence was to make possible had totally failed
Now even the reduction of violence promoted daily by Bush and the Iraq war apologist lack credibility
Up to now the misleading claim of a decline in violence and a record only be made by comparing the numbers killed and wounded
The last years catastrophically high levels kind of like standing in a violent category 3 hurricane and claiming that it's a beautiful day comparing to a category 5
Now even that claim can no longer hold water the so-called decline in the number of violent tax stop last November and for weeks the level of violence has spiked significantly up
Or again
Meanwhile the people of Iraq continue to pass their own cataclysmic milestones for more than a hundred thousand who've been killed
Well over four million turned into a few years
There's no even sight for the carnage
No sign that the US back government will be willing to compromise with its rivals and absolutely no hope that the wishes of the majority of Iraqis that American forces be removed from their country will be taken seriously
Next month the President will ask Congress to pass another tragic milestone by handing over a hundred billion dollars more dollars for the military occupation
That'll be the latest installment of what Nobel Prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz
Calculates will be a three trillion dollar price tag for American taxpayers
Washington pundits predict that Democratic control Congress will facilitate this milestone by once again rolling over and handing the president whatever he wants
But this is one milestone that we need not reach. That's why the 40 member win without war coalition mark the fifth anniversary of the war last week
By circulating open letter to Congress imporing it to reverse course
Adverse to Congressman Jack Murthorck, chairman of the House of Appropriation Subcommittee on Defense
It calls on Congress to stop funding the war
Support a diplomatic offensive stop funding the construction of permanent military bases in Iraq and military contractors and
Refuse to fund any permanent security agreement between President Bush and Iraqi President Maliki unless first approved by Congress and the Iraqi Parliament
The only acceptable milestone will be the removal of the final US soldier from Iraqi sword
I
Was in my fun making my car run but I didn't get real far
I got a crummy deal fake these four wheels maxing out my car can't drive around to the prosco
Down I thought it could but I was wrong
With their pump and got my wallet trinketing so I stopped here at exon
And I said exon is was making me poor makes me I read that been out my cash flow
It makes me grow when my tax bill
Cuz it ain't up the last of my go
Exon is providing gas your home paycheck only build up a half-day
It's all out of control over
I
Don't raise it again
Don't raise it again or you're gonna want to list the 1033 to 560 WDQ. I am so any who we have 52 votes on the new pool
Archer thrilled archer said it actually
Super
What part of the newspaper you always read comics nine
Comics yeah, do you read the comics? I voted for I don't read newspapers
Oh, I don't read the comics ever. I haven't read the comics in years. I guess I don't mean sometimes there are political cartoons and comics that are already
Sports eight. I don't read newspapers seven local seven front page six editorial page three obituary's two
Yeah, that's a nice hobby. Let's see who died
And then you get you know when you finish reading you think well, I'm still alive, you know
And then about five minutes later. Oh massive heart attack. You're dead
Just because you're so evil and insensitive world section two dear Abby one coupons one
Classifies one business one national one crossword tourist gop and stayed none
Yeah
Crosswords just find the guy one. Oh, okay. Oh wait until we're okay. What who are you gonna wait until they got a vote?
No, I just I just checked because I'm a little bit behind here. There's three more hosts on the other thing after I've printed this thing out
I'll hang on a second the phone's ring all right
And here I don't have any music you know
By the way, we're gonna have a uh a seminar
Hope it'll be um
It's all being arranged case these slow and come in here
On handicapping how to bet on the horses seminar next but right there in uh in our face at our table hopefully
Is she can point to the board and explain what things mean and
Show me how to do a wheel
Oh, I almost found wrong. Yeah, I should be up to get being rude
That the bitch. I mean the lady from the driving school is driving me nuts
You like the drive? No, it's not for me. It's for Paco obviously
First she called me on my on my black bar and my cell phone
And then after I finished talking now she calls on the other number because I had been trying to call her yesterday
We're answering their phones. So I guess it left a you know it left the numbers
Go away Rosanna or whatever go back to uh
Mexico she actually is from Mexico and ironic
Okay appropriate. Yeah, very appropriate
American Airlines the world's largest carrier canceled 200 flights to rein specced wiring and Boeing MD 80s after
The federal regulators raised questions during a maintenance audit
I don't know about you of course you don't fly you don't go anywhere because you're a slumber. You don't have any money
I
Can't even remember the last time I flew on American Airlines. That's how many years ago it's been
I don't like American Airlines especially in Miami
The airport in Miami the terminal is just always congested in fact the rest of the airport can be empty
And of course people will say well that's because everybody flies American ho ho ho
Well good for them. I don't want
About 50 departures each were canceled and Americans hubs a Dallas for worth in Chicago or here international airports named of course after the great legendary Francis
Oh here
One flight from Chicago to Fort Lauderdale Hollywood was canceled. No flights were canceled at Miami International
Or it's always chaos and psychosis at American Airlines
The cancelations represent about 9% of their flights today Americans checking whether a bundle of wires was installed and secured
According to a FAA's administration directive a mercant spokesman Tim Wagner said an emailed statement the spokesman
It's the second time in a week that Americans had a cancel flights as the FAA can have special maintenance audits the U.S. Airlines
Carriers have come under increased scrutiny since March 6th when the agency proposed a 10.2 million dollar fine against
Southwest airlines for flying 46 jets without required fuselage inspections
Many inspections have already been completed the aircraft are currently in service Wagner
Say we're in the process of completing the inspections on the main air planes will return them to service on a rolling basis throughout the day
Following me proposed flying against Southwest the FAA said it would check records in more than 100 airlines by March 28th
Which sounds like what day is that Friday?
By Friday to see how they complied with a sample of 10 agency directives
And if they don't comply they're going to shoot all their planes out of the sky just to teach a militant don't do it again
Is it a good idea?
Yeah, shoot them all down
Unless it's the one that I'm on Friday that would not be a good idea
Well go ahead and do it anyway
Okay, so we gave away that gift certificate right? Yes, to clear that
And then between noon and one dollomy forget we got that panther ticket hit we got a panther hit ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket
Is anybody ever sent anything about that or explain why we do that stupid thing in there?
You look let's let's let's roll play this like I go and talk to somebody about something like the stream or why we're doing something
All right, and their response is who are you?
Why are you talking to me? You're just a dingleberry on Neils ass. What does it have to do with sports?
Why are you even bothering me anything we say really?
Any questions. It's like why we even bothering them
And they're world and how they do more sirens coming by the way
Maybe it's a lady from the odd driving school
I should have told her I should have said speak it in English bitch
That's what I should have said and don't call her again. Don't bug me
Hear that oh yeah
It just goes on and on and you know
I'm not one of those people who's nosy, but I just wonder are these like dead people or they people have just got hit big car wreck somewhere or you know
Curiosity killed the cat
That's why WKAT is playing Spanish or Haitian melodies now whatever the plan that station's still on the year
You guys can mean yeah, I listened to as much local radio as I read local newspapers. I don't listen to radio
I do listen to six eighty news though when I'm driving a woodbinding back. I told you that
I learned to say CDs. I don't know what the station man
And you find out where the traffic is and what's going on over here? I'd like sure and I'm a gardener and over here and blah blah
It's good
And actually if people sound like they belong on the air like real broadcasters is opposed to some of the say are like
Like that for example you don't hear that in like a real professional market, which is is not a course
But nevertheless Gary Hart is pissed off. He said the media is hyping democratic candidates negatives
former senator Gary Hart's criticizing the sensationistic tendencies of the media
In the 2008 democratic dominating process appearing on CNN's newsroom
The one time Democratic presidential contender said the media plays a role in all this and when producers are networks
Decide to recycle charge after charge after charge and go to the other campaign and ask for responses
That's what you're going to see on television
Hard as a porter of Barack Obama continued
I don't mean to point the finger
But it's not as if the media plays no role here if the media focuses on budget deficits on casualties in Iraq and elsewhere on the failures of Bush economics
But I think the voters will tune in
The Colorado Democratic who halted his own run for the White House in 87 after intense media scrutiny of alleged
extramarital fair Donna Rice rude the constant news focus on videos a former Obama pastor Reverend Jeremiah Wright
If you see nothing but Reverend Wright hour after hour day after day and the Obama campaigns asked to be spotted that endlessly
That's the news said Hart adding that such coverage makes it very very difficult for candidates to be focused on what's really important for this country's future
biggest name
New York's neurologist
4560 QAM
The fourth leader
Have a heart or a liver?
No
You failed
What you want?
Newt
People I got it newt
Some tax money so you can spend it loot check your mail for a little rebate
Oh when you get holes and out of it. Hey people
And I phone spend all of it by two spend all of it. Hey what
This recession
We're about to honey
I'm giving you
Some spending money
All I want you to do for me is to spend every last down
of it
We will have a shopping spree spend a lot of water and
dry
And out of it
R e b a g e pump up this economy
R e b a g e go by plasma TV
Oh
A little rebate
Yeah
We hold out of your tax rebate
Spend all of it
Don't get tired
Don't get tired
Keep on home by and spend all of it
Just don't put it in the bank
Don't get keep on home by and spend all of it
R e b a g e
Don't put it in the bank
Send us man we can put it to good use
I can take it to woodbine and triple it for you this afternoon
1046 14 before 11 at 560 WQM
The jerk show come up into this afternoon
A lot of rumors about that show about the future of it
Or the fact that it doesn't have one but nevertheless
We want to go into that do we?
I don't care
Which is a backhanded way of saying oh yeah
Let's wrap it up and ask again
You rip him you'll be on Friday
From the other's a difference
Me acknowledging things that are going on
Has nothing to do with my opinion of it
It doesn't matter what they stick on in the afternoon
It's going to fail
Now why would you say that?
Because they'll be the ones losing
On a lot of time we were doing we were kicking ass all the way to the end
Because Joe and Clarence will be the ones deciding what will be on in the end
Oh so therefore well that's a good point
Therefore it will fail
I never thought about that
George W. Bush is not stupid John Stuart told a crowd in 2005 he invaded Iraq
They didn't have a weapons of mass destruction or ties to al-Qaeda
But Iran does so he's only one letter off and that should he should be credited
The agency that brought you over scintelligence on the Iraq war
A defense intelligence agency operative who knew that a key US intelligence source was unreliable
Said in on meetings within secretary state colon pal when he appropriated claims about mobile Iraqi weapons
Lives into his portfolio
Now brings you the Iran that is actually Iraq
In a brief official history of their own agency posted on their website the DIA
Confused Iran and Iraq the defense intelligence agency
Noting world crises in the 80s
The agencies report sites in Israeli F-16 raid to destroy an Iranian nuclear reactor
The discrepancy was first caught by the Federation of American scientists Steven actor good
Who writes the blog secrecy news
In fact Israel attacked an Iraqi nuclear reactor
Osirac in 1981 Israel hasn't attacked Iranian nuclear sites or released not yet
The description appears to match Israel's raid on Iraq's Osirac nuclear reactor 81 is really
Scalar Gideon Ramez told actor good on his blog
Today's preoccupation with Iran's nuclear program seems to have been projected on the events of 27 years ago
If that indeed is the case I'd recommend a correction he added
The defense intelligence agency which offered the report couldn't do each for comment
The DIA isn't the only one who's made ghost comments about Iran recently
On an official visit to the Middle East that was supposed to highlight his knowledge in foreign affairs
Senator John McCain told reporters
It's common knowledge and has been reported in the media that al-Qaeda is going back into Iran
And receiving training and are coming back into Iraq that's well known
Press by reporters as Julie Berman was whispering into Osir
Who knew there were no uh that al-Qaeda was being trained in Iraq McCain continued
We continue to be concerned about the Iranians taking al-Qaeda into Iran
And training them and sending them back he said only after fellow senator
Julie Berman who was traveling with him whispered into Osir did McCain correct himself
I'm sorry the Iranians are training extremists not al-Qaeda not al-Qaeda
I'm sorry McCain said and sorry we were very sorry that you're the best that one of the two major parties can come up with
A dottering old fool like you who never made a war they didn't like
Who wants four more years or maybe eight more years of Bush uh crap
With tax cuts for the rich and of course with the more and more wars
There's always going to be a lot of words when there always be war especially if John McCain
It's going to be a say about it
He's pissed off about those years as POW don't think he took it lightly you know
He's pissed off and so he's going to go out and kill some people
Not necessarily uh you know enemies but just some people in general just to make him feel better
Doesn't make you feel better if you could go kill some people
Yeah I got a list
115 votes on the pool and I don't think we're picking on jerks again
Huh what means nothing to me
It's out of stories about him in the shortening about
See any go once again your bad judgment about people you just you know no no no bad
Yeah, it's like to make things up
I said that he seemed like a really good guy and I don't uh change that opinion
He's uh you know seem very nice to me. What does that have to do with his performance on the air?
Now just yesterday uh the day or maybe Monday you were saying that um
There are people saying that he's not a nice guy just this morning
Just as much as they but there are people who say that he's not
He's only ever been nice to me. Let's not pick on the jerks because after all we got
We got to uh we'll be a part of the club can't wait to be part of the team
Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. You know that crap
Uh what part of the newspaper do you always read we have 115 votes local session 23 local yokel baby
Sports 21. I don't read newspaper 16 comics 15 the front page 12 editorial page nine
Obituary's five. Oh yeah, look at those dead people
Crossword puzzle four classified two minutes two world two dear Abby one coupons one horoscope one
National news one and state news none who wants to know about what's going on in Florida?
Anyway, yeah, those people read the obituary so the same ones whose idea of a fun vacation is taking a tour of all the concentration camps
Ooh, Dacau and Bergen Balson. They're so serious. You know they love those names right wax figurines
Lime shades. Oh, that was bad. I can't believe you said that
What are they? Tell somebody you are
No, it's got nothing to do with that. It's got to do with the fact that why why be morbid? Why do you have to be morbid?
Well, what's the point of going to see it? Why agree? No, we know what happened
We read about it. It's like it's like going to the to the Coliseum in Rome uh to
And to know look at all the Christians that killed here and fed to the lion, you know, you don't have to see that
You go there to see the uh
the edifice
Yes
Am I right? Right. Remember that movie with the
Moses name Richard Burton edifice Rex. Yep
Chelsea Clinton has failed a lot of questions as she campaigns for his mother's or mother's presidential bid
But yesterday the former first daughter faced an especially awkward query for the first time a query for she looks man. She is so
meous. I mean we can't all be beautiful. I sure is howl know that but do something for crying out loud
The hair do something with that hair. That's the biggest picture. She's doing all she can. No, she's not
Why do you say that? I don't think it helps. She's doing all she can but it's you don't only do so much
She's doing all she can to look gruesome. That's what she's doing. Have you seen her lately?
Yes, because it wasn't nearly as roomous a mission used to
Well
Since he was a little girl she grew some yeah
campaign
Get Butler College and Indianapolis and audience member asked the 28 year old whether the Monica Lewinsky scandal had damaged your mother's reputation
Wow, you're the first person actually has ever asked me that question. I don't know maybe 70 college campus. I've been to
I don't think that's any of your business she responded appearing a bit surprised by the question the crowd immediately cheered loudly at the response
Yeah, you go Chelsea and got are you ugly?
It was supposed to be the last question of the event but Chelsea Clinton decided to take one more saying
I don't think that should be the last question
Maybe the last question should have been after that is daddy still screwing around and his mommy really a bull bike
Though she's faced and wear a public license. She was a girl
Chelsea Clinton's contender with renewed press coverage after taking on a more prominent role in her mother's campaign earlier this year
The Monica Lewinsky scandal made a brief return to the news last week when newly released White House schedules indicated
Hillary Clinton was likely in the White House
During at least six before the instances of encounters between her husband and the former White House intern
She was in the house
Which he didn't know what was going on in the house that speaks real well for ability to be like the guardian of our
National security doesn't it she can't even secure what's going on inside that then building
For husbands down there on on her hands and knees or Monica's on her everybody's on their hands and knees
They're trying to send a blue dress out to the dry cleaner. So let's be alive
Took those pants to the direction is just they will see what happens. Oh, okay. I was gonna say was there a verdict that you on
Well, she said the Chinese lady she said to me because I told her
I made up the story that the maid accidentally washed the pants in the washer you know, okay
And dried them in the dry run slow cook
And they they seem a little I don't know like they've lost their
Well, they were feeling there. Yeah
But she said now usually they come out okay, and we'll see we'll see come see come that yeah
She looked at me and said you could probably afford another pair. That's what you was thinking
No, she was probably thinking a shlup or that dresses like you can't afford to a good pants
I better make sure these come out good as probably what she was thinking
being the
Clothes slob that I am being the homeless appearing guy that I am
Although you know something it doesn't help you think that if you walk around dressing like I do looking homeless that the homeless wouldn't
Bob you hey spares some change it but they they still do there's Chelsea. Oh man. She is so me is
In fact, she started looking a little bit more like mommy every day. Are you watching CNN? Oh then there's mommy
They're going to know mommy's got the better here
She's got to do because she wants to be president
So she's a spend probably a lot of money on a do or is Chelsea, you know
She probably figures what's used and she didn't she break up with her boyfriend
Yeah, I'm following it. I don't know yeah, not that long ago a few months ago. She broke up with her boyfriend Chelsea
But of course if your last name is Clinton and your your daddy is a Bubba and your mommy is a swallery
She can probably get all she wants you know, I'm so I'm sure
She's probably got a blow up doll a Tom Brady blow up doll
What part?
What part of the newspaper do you always read 130 George by the way turned me on to a really great story here
I'll find it's important on my list possibly the most important story I'll read today
Is it really could change people's lives? It's one about the gun in the cockpit now no the top 10 reasons to have sex tonight
That's right
I'll get to that after the break. I wonder as if I wonder if they have my reason on there
Because you want to yeah, because it feels good. Oh, because you want to
I don't remember I'm sure once upon a time it was something very important part of my life
But I can't remember that far back
What biggest name
I am the fourth leader this is the Neil Roger show
This is your brain
Bill Clinton was exposed as an adult rarer one of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly
But now is my turn to show him what I had discovered
On that auspicious day lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent
One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro. There was a mischievous gleam in his eye
Then he said something that left me in awe
Hillary I have a picture of you in my office
Mmm delicious
Almost immediately we crashed into bed
It was wonderful to lose myself in sheer physical sensation
A few days later
Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House
I answered yes, you must come to see me
That night I was ushered upstairs and told to put on a wig and hoop skirt
And he periodically broken to giggles for no apparent reason
I'm not all that athletic anymore
But the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth squealing
When Seedy finished I felt numb
Another surprise soon followed Paul McCartney George Harrison and Mick Jagger
He'll didn't mind after all
It happens
I think that George Harrison be a good fit right now. It's 11.01.05.60 WQA and happy
Wednesday to you. I don't even know what day of the week it is anymore
It's up day
And what are we doing that pant? Oh, that's next hour pants are ticket it
We're gonna be giving away some a ticket ticket ticket ticket to the Panther Games
Who are not gonna make the playoffs again. Oh boy
Here's the thing that George had passed along because that's all he's got on his mind is the getting stone and getting laid right
What else is there 10 top reasons to have sex tonight
Says when you and this is from CBS news of course where they know all about it
Mm-hmm when you're in the mood
It's a sure about the last thing on your mind is boosting your immune system remaining a healthy weight yet
Good sex offers those health benefits and more all right
That's a surprise that many people says joy Davidson PhD in New York psychologist and sex therapist of course
Sexes everywhere in the media she says, but the idea that we are vital sexual creatures is still looking at in some cases with disgust
Or in other cases a bit of embarrassment
So really take a look at how our sexuality adds to our life and enhances our life in our health both physical and psychological
Is eye opening for many people fly opening for others
Sex does a body good in a number of ways according to Davidson and other experts the benefits aren't just anecdotal or hearsay
Each of these 10 health benefits is of sex is backed by a scientific scrutiny
Among the benefits of healthy loving and a relationship and it's got a list of 10 here. This it kills him good time number one
Sex relieves stress a big health benefit is sex is lower blood pressure and overall stress reduction
According researchers from Scotland who reported their findings in the journal biological psychology
They studied 24 men and women and 22 men who kept records of their sexual activity
Then the researchers subjected them to stressful situations such as speaking in public and doing verbal arithmetic and note that their blood pressure response to stress
Those when and intercourse had better responses to stress than those who engaged in other sexual behaviors or abstained
Another study published in the same journal found that frequent intercourse was associated with lower
Dysdolic blood pressure and cohabiting participants yet other research found a link between partner hugs and lower blood pressure in women
2 sex viewed a boost immunity good sexual health can mean it may mean better physical health
Having sex once or twice a week has been linked with higher levels an antibody called immunoglobin
A or iGA which can protect you from getting colds and other infections
Scientists at Wilkes University in Wilkesbury, Pennsylvania took samples of saliva which contain iGA
From 112 college students who reported the frequency of the sex they had
Those in the frequent group once or twice a week had higher levels of iGA than those in the other three groups who reported being
abstained having sex less than once a week or having it very often three times or more weekly
three
Sex burns calories 30 minutes of sex burns 85 calories or more may not sound like much, but it adds up
42 half-hour sessions of burn 3570 calories more than enough to lose a pound doubling up
You can drop that pound in 21 long 21 hour long sessions
That's just in one day of course
Sex is a great motivation size as patty britain p. hd and la sex all just in prison the mercen
Association of sexuality educators and therapists it takes work work from both the physical and psychological perspective to do it well
She says for sex improves cardio vascular health. What did you just facts me?
Couple things just things
Nothing worth interrupting this great story over
Oh look at that read about what the newspapers make money on the ads
Well put that on there the ads all the ones think anybody reads the al well maybe they do
Maybe I do yeah toilet funder finder look at that. Well get to that momentarily although part of this is missing
For sex improves cardio vascular health
While some older folks may worry that the efforts expended during sex because of stroke
That's not so equipment to research is from England. I guess all depending on what you're stroking
In a study published in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health Sciences found frequency of sex was not associated with stroke in the 914
Team in they followed for 20 years and the heart health benefits of sex donate in there the research is also found that having sex twice a more week reduced the risk of
Fatal heart attack by half for the men compared with those who had sex less than once a month five sex boosts self-esteem
Boosting self-esteem was one of 237 reasons people have sex collected by University of Texas researchers and published in the archives of sexual behavior
That finding makes sense to Gina Ogden PhD
Although she finds that those who already have self-esteem say they sometimes have sex to feel even better
One of the reasons people say they have sex is to be a bit about themselves
He tells about MD great sex begins with self-esteem and raises it if the sex is loving connected and you want it
What you want it raises it whatever that means love double fuck six sex improves intimacy
Having sex and orgasms increases levels of the hormone oxy tossing oxy tosen oxy tosen how do you say that
Just like that see tosen the so-called love hormone which helps us bond and build trust
researchers from the University of Pittsburgh and University of North Carolina
Evadiated 59 pre-menopausal women before and after warm contact with their husbands and partners ending with hugs
They found that the more the contact the higher the oxy tossing levels oxy tosen tossing whatever it is
A lot of us have you the urge to nurture and bond Britain said higher oxy tosen's also been linked with a feeling of generosity
So if you're feeling suddenly more generous toward your partner than usual credit the love hormone
Seven sex reduces pain as the hormone oxy tosen surges and Dorfens increase in pain declines
So if your headache are throttest pain or PMS symptoms seem to improve after sex you can thank those higher oxy tosen tossing levels
Whatever it is
Eight sex produces prostate cancer risk
Frequent ejaculations especially in 20 something then maybe do us the risk of prostate cancer later in life
Australia researchers reported the British Journal of Urology International when they followed men diagnosed with prostate cancer in those without
They found no association to prostate cancer with the number of sexual partners as the number reached their 30s 40s and 50s
But they found men who had five or more ejaculations weekly while in their 20s reduced their risk of being prostate cancer later by a thud turd a third
Another study found that frequent ejaculations 21 or more a month will link to lower prostate cancer risk and older men
As well compared with less frequent ejaculations in four to seven months
What happens if you have more than five a day when you're in your four well, and you're going to be so healthy it'll be discussed sweet
Nine sex strengthens pelvic floor muscles
For women doing a few pelvic floor muscle exercises known as kegels during sex offers a couple of benefits. He he kegels are kuggles
What I just like that word
You'll enjoy more pleasure
Also strengthen the area and help minimize the risk of incontinence later in life to do a basic kegel exercise
Tighten the muscles of your pelvic floor as if you're trying to stop the flow of urine count to three and then release
10 sex helps you sleep better
The oxytocin release during orgasm also promotes sleep according to research and getting enough sleep has been linked with a host of other good things
Such as maintaining a healthy weight and blood pressure something to think about especially when wondering why your guy can be active on minute and snoring the next
Okay, what's this thing you said you about the toilets kegel
Discussed in consternation turned into business inspiration for Peter all of San Francisco after you visited an outrageously dirty public bathroom in a bay area
I thought if I were someone who had a sit down would be a nightmare says all 42
They encounter laid the groundwork for miss p.com miss p a new service that helps pedestrians in 18
U.S. and Canadian cities find nearby sanitary restaurants by entering the website and their cell phones browser
Then their city and current location
Phantom of fission auto is also can add toilet locations and rape them on the site
You can rate the toilet. I'm sure the one that I
Departed in the Hilton hotel Saturday night and not be rated highly at the present time
Although I'm sure they've done a beautiful job of cleaning up and discarding the used underwares
These somewhat soiled boxer shorts. Ah
consumer
that
170 votes on here while we got some people read the newspaper
although
14% don't I don't read newspapers
Sports 36 local 30. I don't read newspapers 24 front page 19 comic 17 editorial page 12
Obituaries 8
Always read the obituaries I mean don't you find it a little bit is that morbid?
I mean, what do you find that?
No, no comment, no opinion, whatever.
Curious?
I know that my mother always used to read the obituaries.
She was hoping to find my father's obituaries,
and eventually she did.
Called me up.
Oh my God, I got such wonderful news.
He's dead.
Crossword puzzle five, business five, world four,
coupons three, classified two, national two,
deirabbi one, horoscope one, state news one,
and the ads we just put on there, nobody yet.
I mean, if you always read the ads,
that's exactly what the business people want you to,
just read the ad.
Throw the rest of it away.
Wipe your ass with the rest of it, but read the ads.
Clip out all the coupons and stuff.
Actually, when you come right down to it,
most of the newspaper look on a Sunday especially.
You have to have like a forklift
to bring the newspaper on Sunday morning
because it's so heavy and it's so amazing.
And 95% of its ads.
Yeah.
Ads.
Buyers, advertising sessions and fires and coupons
and rape coupons and crap.
Parade magazine.
Boy, what a memory you got.
You still have that parade magazine.
I reckon.
Now there's that blind chick again on CNN.
I happen to think I give her a 10.
I think she is really some mokin.
I could be wrong.
Look at that, the dozen, I have 25 point.
Are you watching her yet or what?
What a month CNN.
Well, there she is.
You want to know what I'm doing?
You don't like her?
He's on MSNBC.
Oh, I am. I'm on the wrong channel.
Yeah, I, what is wrong with you, man?
You are such a nerd.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, because I'm on the wrong news channel.
She is clean and pristine.
Oh, yeah.
No, she is very sweet.
Oh, she looks like intern Shannon.
Like it could be a princess.
She looks a little bit like her.
Intern Shannon looked exactly like that.
I'll send you a picture.
Like that could be your sister.
Matter of fact, Shannon looks better.
It would be...
Absolutely.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
He wants to stay here.
He wants to stay here.
But his own party wants him to go away.
The minute his ride rides,
he'll need to stay here.
Lowly breakfast, red-heads, legs for you.
Oh, you know what?
He wants a man to scream,
and then he dies here.
I'm glad you're up in your way,
That thing we gotta give away another one of those certificates tomorrow on the show see better facts me that again for tomorrow. I
You know I'm saying I got it. I heard me tear it up and throw it away. You didn't say nothing do right now
I just says right on there give away on Thursday the 27th. I don't care
Well, that's very nice. You crack your voice audience getting something nice for free. Yeah, of course I do
Well tomorrow will hit on here. You know you talk out of both sides you're asked all the tomorrow
We don't understand. This is about jerks be the guy. I don't yeah
You make stuff out of your cheeks tomorrow would have come and somebody would have said hey
Don't forget you got to give away another one of those things and then I would have said like 70 days
Interesting what's on the show maybe
Three would have Lee would have and then I would have said okay. I'll fax it back to him when we would have done it
What do you all work on?
What are you gonna do about him Chris? He's just getting really ordinary these days. You'll come because he's not gonna late enough
I'm not I don't know. Oh tell us again about how you're gonna get laid this weekend
Well not this weekend. I'm staying home tonight and tomorrow and yesterday and the day before that maybe tonight
Maybe tomorrow two weeks from circus probably tomorrow
This could make for one odd family reunions is here Barack Obama's a distant cousin of actor Brad Pitt and
Swelry is related to Pitt's girlfriend Angelina Jolie
Is she his girlfriend? I think that's what they're called
They're not married. I don't know who's he married to now? Is he married to her? Is he married to I
Think they're married or something. Oh, well says here girlfriend. Maybe to the world what differences and make I mean
You know what society today. It's like nobody's married everybody just screwing everything and making babies. That's right
Researchers at the New England historic genealogical society found some remarkable family connections for the three presidential candidates
Both Obama and Clinton and even insane McCain
Clinton who was a French Canadian descent on their mother's side. I know it. I knew there was something there
Is also a distant cousin of Madonna Celine Dion and Alainus Morissette
Obama the son of a white woman from Kansas and a black man from Kenya believe it can call six U.S. Presidents including George W.
Vosha's cousins the can is the sixth cousin of first lady Laura Bush
You think with all that singing talent the family she'd be able to carry a tune Clinton senior advisor
Philip Reyn said but now it makes much more sense how she snagged a Grammy
Clinton won for the best book in word Grammy in 97 for it takes a village of Obama also want to Grammy in that category
This year for the audio version of his book the audacity of hope we the thoughts on reclaiming the American dream
Genealogist Christopher Child said oh, what a used to be one of my favorite places in the world was childs on
Boyleston Street in Boston where you get a great banana split. Oh
I could go for long long long since gone but nevertheless well
There's that thing about they're giving that thing away tomorrow. Thank you. You got it
Now her hair used to be really frizzy they just showed her again
Chelsea Chelsea
Now it's just ugly now it's just ugly right stringy. I had to step in the right there money
She can't afford to go get a do maybe in another 10 years. She'll go with a little bit human
Genealogist Christopher Child said the while the candidates often focus on 20 our differences between them
Their ancestry shows they're more alike than they think
It shows a lot of different people can be related people you wouldn't necessarily expect child said
Obama's got a prolific presidential image that features
Democrats and Republicans his distant cousins include president George W. Bush and his father George Herbert Walker Bush
Gerald Ford Lindon Johnson Harry S. Truman and James Madison
Other Obama cousins include Dick Cheney British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill and Civil War General Robert E. Lee
Obama often jokes about his cousin Cheney at campaign appearances his kinships are across the political spectrum child said
Child to spent the last few years tracing the candidates genealogy along with senior research scholar Gary Boyd Roberts
author of the 1989 book and sister's American presidents
Clintons distant cousins include Beaton and coffe Jack Kerouac
Camilla Parker Bowles wife and Prince Charles. Oh my God talk about a donkey puts wow
This start is the puzzle starting to take shape now for you. Uh-huh all the pieces are started to fit together
McKinsey ancestry was more difficult to trace because records on his relatives were not as complete as records for the families of Obama and Clinton
Child said a bomb on president Bush our 10th cousins once removed linked by Samuel Henkley of Cape Cod who died in
1662 John Henkley what oh the greasy belch now is rancid verb verbal
I know the bacon's like I am soak it all up. What did you have?
Nothing oh, oh, I got a weenie in the other room. I could I can eat a cold on the other way come back. Yeah a lot of taking while go get it right now anybody we know
What are we gonna about Neil going to see now?
Need a different Irish jig or is that a real?
What's going to play doing a game show on St. Patrick's Day, but we missed the opportunity
We could play different pieces of Irish music and play real or good. I can't I don't know we need
I've got a power center, but I'm sure it's on our community that there's got to be delivery service there in Toronto for a big shot
Why for a big shot like you bring you stuff right there?
Listen, I don't need any more
Fat okay, I mean
More food you're right anymore armed a more fat the walking to the store for the food is the only way I do what I wait on
The plots right there. I'm not gonna do it. Don't was not good. It was the highest I've waited years
I have again on the scale every day
You get on your feet every day
Pit and Obama our ninth cousins linked by Edward Hickman who died in Virginia in 1769
Then a lot both a spokesman for the Obama campaign to climb a comment on the center's ancestry
Clinton and Jolie our ninth cousins twice removed both related to Gene Cusson who died in St. Sulpice Quebec in 1718
St. Sulpice
It's a frog thing you know the New England historic genealogical society found in 1845 is the oldest and largest
Non-profit genealogical organization in the country. Maybe I'll heat up that bratwurst in there. How's that sound?
All right, maybe I'll put it on the flavor wave sure
Well, no, it's not I mean I'm sure that they're pre-cooked, you know, but no, but still you didn't want to cold brats
It's a white weeny one now. You can't eat cold brats. Oh, yeah
Man just a thought of that makes me want to gag
So I would be like taking those pants to the cleaner which Chris in the Zach especially Zach is a slob, okay
He really got guy, but it's wrong with that though. I mean fact people were all slobbed. He's a real slob
Oh, just wrap it up in some
You know a paper and a plastic bag from publics and taking the cleaner and pop it down on the account
Right and say I was speaking a plopping down by the way to the open
That's gonna be really interesting this afternoon when I pick up my laundry from the a dry cleaning Chinese lady across the street
Well, you tipper nice right
What are you talking about you don't trip the dry cleaning lady, okay?
Well, you tipper nice. What are you talking about? It's her business especially if you give her poopy pants you might want a tipper. Yeah, oh
tipper nice
Yeah, you tip the dry cleaning lady. I haven't been to the dry cleaners in a long time. Yeah, there you go
A guy like you can't afford to be going to no dry cleaners right and that's the least that that wife of yours can be doing is doing all her clothes
You know it's the least but nevertheless she don't she doesn't who doesn't have it once a while
I do or I go to the laundry and I tip the laundry lady
A buck or two she's very nice her name's cookie my my Chinese laundry lady is
Extremely nice. She's very very nice and very sweet. What's a buck or two?
I'm not gonna give her a she charges an arm and a leg. It's already expensive enough
What are you talking about what's a buck or two? I'm gonna tip her
I tip the a drinks people at woodbind about the only or two. They every time they bring me a dive coke
Every time they love me. Mm-hmm. They keep them so does come and manage just and I'm right
I'll put my coat on this here and run into the tea room P in and P in and P in my brain
So which is good for a bottle yet is?
It's really good keep that flow going good for your pocket. That is good as sex according to that article
You don't believe me. I've seen plenty of people at woodbind that maybe I'll try the other one this
Later
I
R I
Dr Prof. Peir cake
What was that noise?
...yeah let me take a look at the security
Anything to do with sports.
No.. just a lot of building burning and carnage.
crossvious
Go back to the file
2017  bricy
fl Contact
We cheated. We had what? The thousand five. Woo! So we got twelve hundred and nineteen votes.
So far today our goal is twenty-four million. A billion. We want a billion votes on the poll today.
Call everybody you know and say vote on that neo-roger.com or there or God's gonna smite your ass. He's gonna smote you.
What part of the newspaper do you always read sports forty-six of course George?
Anybody knows that of course. Local thirty-four I don't read newspapers thirty-three.
Comics twenty-two. The front page twenty-one and a toil page sixteen. Obituraries.
I'm tired of the hair. Ten.
Vitness eight, Crossword puzzle six, coupons four, World News four, classifieds three, Horoscope three,
National two, Dear Abby one, State news one and the ads have got none.
Of course. You show me somebody's gonna take the newspaper just so they read the ads and I'll show you somebody really really really.
I have no life. Yes, you're serious. Well, we got a lot of people out there need some serious.
Oh, that's beside the point. So that's that's what we got going on there on our second poll of the day.
The person that sends stories all day that doesn't need to send any ever.
Yes. And stories all day need to stop. This whatever multi-page large print several stories that they're sending today that you already have and don't care about.
They need to stop. What are they sending?
Hilaries or Reverend Wright.
Yeah. And then they got a cover story on all the pages Larry King.
A summary king story. Uh-huh. That might be interesting.
Name least sexy TV host. Oh, gee. How that happened.
Name what least what? Least sexy TV host. Yeah, no kidding.
Pages and pages pages that I'm on giant print. It's like one page story, but they print it really big for your old eyes.
I got a fax number on it. A return number. I'm a hitter.
There's Chelsea, man boy. No, he is.
Well, they're sending it from their computer as a matter of fact.
Oh, my God. It's probably Eric. No. Doug Thompson on Capitol Hill Blue writes for a Hillary lying eating no big deal.
He says Hillary Clinton got caught in a lie recently a wapper about being under fire in a so-called combat zone.
A well rehearsed lie. She's been telling on the campaign trail for months.
When the truth came out as it so often does in the microscopic world of politics, she shrugged her shoulders and dismissed it by saying,
I made a mistake. That happens. It proves I'm human, which you know for some people is a revelation.
Calling her tall tales of running and ducking for cover a mistake is a massive understatement.
Her claim about being human leaves an opening that's right for comment, but we won't go there.
Clinton's campaign for president is built on a mountain of lies.
She said she brokered peace in Northern Ireland, the man who did broker the peace, and also who won a Nobel Prize for his honest efforts, says her claims are a crock.
Ron Forney of the Associated Press writes an excellent analization of Clinton's vague association with the truth.
During a speech last week on a rat Clinton stretched the truth to the breaking point.
I certainly do remember that trip to Bosnia and there was a saying around the White House that if a place was too small, too poor, too dangerous, the president couldn't go send the first lady.
That's where we went. I remember landing under sniper fire. There was supposed to be some kind of greeting ceremony at the airport, but instead we just ran with our heads down to get into the vehicles to get to our base.
Hogwash, the truth is, there was no sniper fire. Nobody ducked for cover. Bad weather, not security concerns kept her husband from making the same trip a few months earlier.
Clinton anirates to behind the story which he has told more than once until video surface showing the former first lady, her daughter Chelsea and their entourage strolling off the plane and walking calmly across the tarmac.
What makes swillery situation unique in the Bosnia establishment so damaging, the embellishment so damaging, is the fact that the New York Senators build a candidacy on the illusion of experience any attack on her credentials as a potential Achilles heel.
As firstly, she did not attend national security council meetings, did not receive the presidential briefings on terrorism and other threats and didn't have a top level security clearance. Her foreign trips were glorified goodwill tours, a collection of photo ops and sightseeing trips.
Let's be fair, Hillary Clinton is not the first political candidate to lie, Iowa Senator Tom Harkin lied about being a combat pilot in Vietnam. Barack Obama's petitors resume with glorified claims about brokering a deal on immigration in the Senate about writing a bill to deal with a housing crisis.
If Clinton manages to make it back to the White House, she won't be the first to last president to play fast and loose with the truth.
John F. Kennedy lied about American involvement in the Bay of Pigs, Fiasco. Lyndon Johnson lied about a purported attack on a Navy ship to justify escalating the war in Vietnam.
Nixon lied about water gating many other things, Jimmy Carter lied by simply claiming he would never tell a lie.
Ronald Reagan lied about a rhyme contra among other things, Bill Clinton lied about doing the nasty within termonical whiskey and lots of other things that were more important in damaging to his presidency.
George Herbert Walker lied when he promised to never raise taxes, his son lies just about every time he opens his mouth.
So we shouldn't be surprised that Sweltery Clinton is trying to lie her way into the White House as a career politician she simply doesn't know any other way.
Yet her lies about being under fire used as a questionable way to justify her claim of being qualified from day one to be commander in chief are an insult to every man a woman who served their nation and actually came under fire.
Anyone who's been under fire in a combat situation will take it. It's not something you forget and certainly not something that you simply miss speak about.
To accept Clinton's ludicrous claims that she mis-spoke means accepting the fact that she mis-spoke at least three times during the campaign.
Each time she added more embellishment to the story. When challenged with the facts, her first claim was that she was sleep deprived and because of lack of sleep she wasn't in full control of her, her memory or faculties.
This for the woman who wants us to believe that she'll be the best person to answer that ringing phone at three o'clock in the morning.
Think about that sobering thought says Doug E. T. Had a boy dog, ripped her an ass baby well this year.
She's confused. She is the rain. She's a bubblehead. She's full of crap.
Now let me say again if her last name was Smith or Jones, she wouldn't get eight vote. Am I right about that?
You bet. You bet.
Shrill. Shrill and full of crap.
Are these ready from day one? She knows where the silverware isn't where the fine-challenge is.
She knows where that blue dress was.
Oh God.
229 votes on a poll not too bad. Not too shabby. Don't forget the next hour we're giving away some, well we're not doing giving away anything.
But QA is doing it.
At the Carolina ale house might as well start promoting it now. Why don't people can go there for long?
Sure.
26 18 Western Road in Western. We got a Florida Panther ticket hit.
You go there I'm sure and see the QM van. Am I right? Right?
Or the 100 and one of those things.
And you can take your pick. You just see the Panther Crapital game or the Panther Trasher game.
Washington, or Atlanta. But hurry because when they're gone it says they're just growing.
They put that in every promo now in every line. When a guy and they're growing it's a Tommy thing.
I got nothing to do with it. Tommy, you know Tommy speaks strange.
Good guy but strange voice, strange. Oh he's a saleswoman, right? That's right.
Still? Still.
Is he selling anything?
I don't know.
You don't see him anymore?
I do.
And I don't say hey have you sold anything? Why not?
Why not? Don't you care about whether he's making enough money to buy you some good wheat or something?
He has never bought me.
You are so insensitive to his needs of other people.
Yeah. I don't care about it being selfish. You know you're going to get your time in I.
And good friends will talk about interesting things all the time like sex and play.
Yeah. Look at late sex drugs have you you know things like that.
I don't ask him about his business.
Well just this one time.
Alright.
Hey Tommy.
The best talent he does is he'll reject.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Hey sounds that you hate.
But I'm in it and I think they're really great.
I don't ask you can't hit a one or two.
Much less or eight.
Eight sounds that you hate.
But men from the boys they will surely separate.
I tell you what they are.
Guaranteed you'll go.
Yeah.
I like fingernails on a blackboard.
People crack their neck for their knuckles.
When I rough style we're full together.
That just makes me shuck.
Eight sounds you can't stand.
But you could tolerate if you were a handsome man I am.
And to the list of eight.
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate.
Here's what I really love.
You might want to try it.
Give me feedback.
In my head froze.
Oh yeah.
That's more like it.
Little more.
Little more over there.
Little more.
Yeah.
Eight sounds so unique.
Now let's review so you can really, really free.
Figure nails on a blackboard.
When people crack their neck for their knuckles.
Rub his eye, we're full together.
Cause it makes me shuck.
I like when new sneakers on a gym floor.
Raising in a womb and a window.
When it gets it's drilling my mold.
That makes me pay.
Big no.
My boy singing on his record.
You can't hold on for a China.
If these have give you the shivers.
That makes you a winner.
Hey, you go nuts to someone bite their fork like this.
Cause I love it.
Here, I'll do it again.
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wiping a window I crack my neck?
Suprae whips.
Supra whips.
Oh wait.
I got one more.
Yeah, we got that one.
But nevertheless, I shouldn't have done this toward the beginning of the show.
I meant to.
But we're still on a year.
Now is down 117 by the way.
I bet you the S&P is down.
I'm putting out some useful crap here.
I want to get the address of this place.
The famous.
Not the old famous, but the new famous.
Somebody from my space emailed us to me yesterday or the other.
I don't know a few days ago.
The famous kosher restaurant is open at 203-01 Biscayne Boulevard, Aventura.
Now this isn't the same old famous that used to be on 6th Avenue or...
What a Martian Avenue, Miami Beach.
Years ago, that was just phenomenal.
That I was rave about.
Is there any connection, other than the name?
How about a hybrid theatrical?
It's all right.
You win new times.
Top notch, Nush, it says.
The famous kosher restaurant fills up, coming void and then some.
You know, we also had the Carnegie Deli.
Wasn't it in the Gables?
Was it in the Grove?
Where was that?
I don't know.
Don't you remember that?
Years ago, we had a Carnegie Deli there.
Boy, that was good.
Man.
It's said that Jewish history, along with religious holidays that celebrate it, can be summed up in three sentences.
They try to kill us.
We survived.
Let's eat.
Oy!
That's very good.
At no time of year, does this ultimately concise historical summary seem more accurate than now, Thursday is poor.
Being last Thursday, of course.
A holiday where religious rules mandate that Jews gift others with food and personally scarf down as some sure as suffice is affordable,
even rabbis have required a drink enough wine that they can no longer distinguish, one blessing from another.
An April comes Passover, Pesach, with its lavish satyr dinners.
And in May, Israel's modern independent state tradition is an Al-Fresco feast meeting barbecue time for most.
Barbecue time?
There are those, though, who think of a picnic of a Jewish jelly for strommy and corny sandwich on rye far more appropriate.
So even folks philosophical enough to accept that the Lord give it and the Lord take it away can't help but believe the scheduled April closing of 53-year-old Rolfi Cohen's rascal house is a mighty poor timing on the part of somebody upstairs.
Luckily, the famous kosher restaurant, a bustling Eden take-out deli with a comforting classic New York City feel openly last year to help fill the gap.
It opened last October or something, October 14th.
And how come here it is, it's March 26th and all of this time nobody is told us anything about it.
Have we ever had anybody say anything?
Not that I would call.
Since heaping bowls of creamy coleslaw and fresh pickles, sauer's and half-sour's both admirably crunchy or I've almost as soon as dinners slide into their booths, appetizers aren't really necessary.
But it would be ashamed to miss two nosh plates potato pancakes and fried creplach.
Well this sounds like the old famous baby.
The former were mostly finely grated potato with ample onion to make the crisp crusted cake savory.
On all her dietary laws make dairy products a no-no-what kosher meat eateries, the part of neutral-line dairy sour cream supplied upon request was an astonishingly good ringer.
A dining companion couldn't believe it wasn't a real thing.
The plumpy, the plumply stuffed creplach, especially popular a firm owing to their triangular shape,
symbol of either the pockets three corner hat or ears of the holidays villain, Heyman, could have used more spicing and it's gone be filling.
But the generous mound of fried onions topped the noodle dumplings more than compensated for the meat's mildness.
Literally salted and peckered at the table and dosed with more of the rich sour cream, the creplach was sumptuously sinful treat.
Scrumptuously, what did I say?
Some just, what do I whatever what?
I'm getting tongue-tied just reading with some so pissed off.
Sandwiches come regular or extra-large described as mile high in the menu.
X New Yorkers expecting Carnegie daily-like creations, mountains of drippingly juicy fat meat too big to even get a sand ribbon-art-sized mouth around, will likely be disappointed.
And allegedly extra-large to me for strom-me corn-beef combo on very small slices of rye bread was more mouse than monster,
especially since slices were nearly paper-thin, minimizing any interesting chewiness, for that chewiness.
But the flavor of the homemade corn-beef and New York-made for strom-me was pleasant of mild.
Surprisingly, since both Nova Scotia salmon and saltier locks are available, the delis take out counter, the menu offers no eatin' locks, and only two no-vitems, a Jewish western salmon, sliced veg omelette, and a smoked fish platter which was a bagel and light textured par of cream cheese, plus green leaf lettuce tomato pepperine onion and cucumber.
The quality of fish was sparse of the quantity, but the quality was high.
Let me say it again, the quantity of fish was sparse, but the quality was high.
Properly custom-carved from slabs, the slices were silky at firm.
Unlike standard moshi, pre-slice smoked salmon.
With per pound prices relatively low, take out as a way to go for smoked salmon mavens.
From chicken soup to bargain-priced means under $20, with super-salad plus two sides, including the lockies, there is much more for eating diners to enjoy.
At least you can think of it through paysox.
Well, that's good. This is written by Pamela Robin-Brant in New Times, as a public service from us.
I wonder what Fuzi knows about it yet.
Where's the best deli in town? Is it the famous kosher restaurant? Is it the...
I wonder if the deli then is still open and it's the 18th reincarnation in a Hollywood.
And if they aren't, guys, blew his brains out.
Did he?
Yeah.
I think it's when they wouldn't let us play sofa king anymore on the air.
That'll play the...
But it's anyway.
So here's the ad which I googled, I looked it up.
Oh, you can download the menu.
The location is 203-01, Viscane Boulevard, Avonchura.
They're open Sundays, 80-M-9-PM.
They have a Sunday breakfast, 8-3, that's supposed to be something special.
Monday through Thursday, 10-M-9-PM, Friday, 10-M-3-PM.
Oh, that's right. It's a kosher place.
So they close at 3PM on Friday. They don't want to be open at sundown.
We're burning hell.
And Saturday, open 1 hour after Shabbos till 12 midnight.
I...
Have you know when it's 1 hour after Shabbos?
How are after Sunday?
You start to watch. You start your timer.
You look it up in the paper.
It says, oh, I see.
There's a... They had a contest here with face painting, balloon arc, that whole big thing.
They were brand opening.
How come nobody ever signed them up to be on our show?
Right.
They thought to promote it.
We missed out on face painting.
Yeah.
I'm talking about the food, about the famous kosher restaurant in Avonchura.
How come nobody in our sales department ever got them on a year?
What kind of a joy are we running here anyway?
I could have been a cat.
You could have told Tommy to go crawl on them for Christ's sakes or for ours.
Yeah, for your sake, I would write in there.
Although maybe when I'm down, I'm going to check this place out.
It opened October 14th, 2007.
But you have really good kishki, too.
I wouldn't be surprised, in fact.
You know how during the break?
Gravy.
Maybe I'll check out the menu.
Or certainly between now and two o'clock.
I'll check out the menu. Probably not a good idea.
It's nice brisket.
It's a nice little bit of fish.
It's a nice little fish.
Let's check out the brisket.
And some great potato lockies and maybe some kishki.
Yeah.
I haven't had good kishki in the years.
Since the Goyom took over the local deli here, the one I used to get my kishki remember.
Mm-hmm.
But the Goyom took it over and now they got like all kinds of stuff for Goyom.
And people from India and stuff like that in Chinese people.
Oh my god.
Lots of Chinese money.
252 votes on the poll.
What do they read in the newspaper?
Most of the sports section, of course, 52.
What part of the newspaper do you always read?
Sports 52.
I don't read newspapers 40.
Local 39.
Editorial page 25.
Comics 25.
Front page 23.
Obituaries 11.
What a great hobby.
What biggest name on time?
That's Tababash.
You know what this is?
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Whoa, I'll be good.
So Hillary, I wouldn't have.
I'll be good.
And I'll behave like I should.
I'll seriously.
So good.
So good.
I swear to you.
Wow, I'll be nice.
And I'll control my voice.
Truly, I'll be nice.
Hillary won't tell me twice.
Hey, so nice.
So nice.
I swear to you.
Oh, daddy.
They won't let me play my horn.
They say I'm too horny as it is.
I know sometimes in my life.
I've done some things that were wrong.
But when I campaigned for my wife,
I promised I won't do any harm.
And I'll be good.
Told Hillary I would.
I'll be good.
Lisa, I think I could.
So good.
So good.
I swear to you.
Put a course on the figures across.
Well, here's some visitors from India.
They rescued that two year old girl.
She was trapped in that well, well, well.
And for many, many hours in their rescue.
I hope she's got a good dowry though.
Oh yeah, we got another one.
That's fine.
Oh yeah.
One of these days, once you least expect it,
well, I had something really, oh yeah,
I checked the menu and they have kishki.
Of course.
All right, with gravy.
Of course with gravy.
Anybody think like dry, like khazirai, dry?
I want to make sure, you know, I don't know how to do that.
Dry dry, man.
Dry what?
You better get with it.
Dry anus.
Dry, yeah.
Oh, let's get back to that anus punsing, you know,
stir it, man.
It was good.
Start eating now.
Heavy do these stuff.
No, anyway, their menu looks unbelievable, man.
It's really, oh.
Well, someone should call on them then.
No.
Yeah, I wouldn't want to do that.
Then Neil might actually have a spot.
Or maybe we could get him on that two for one thing we got going.
Yeah, I heard you had a soft spot.
They believed me.
Trust me.
It's all I got.
I'm doing fine.
Okay, for an old fart like me, I'm doing a good job.
What are you eating now?
You're not doing so fine.
You're still with.
From how is how is he on an inch cuban?
It's success.
I can't, can I just move on?
But there's nothing to say after that.
Okay, there's nothing to say after you blurt that out.
It's part.
Now what's Chris eating?
Are you also eating?
Yes, I had a turkey sandwich.
You had?
You inhaled it?
I had it earlier.
Okay, about an hour ago.
So in other words,
a nutnik there was just getting around eating now.
Is that a safe?
It's a little floundster.
It's a fine baby.
So, get on time.
A ceasefire critical to the improved security situation in Iraq.
A period of one raviled this week when a militia loyal to radical Shi'ed Muslim cleric
Mokta'a al-Saudr began shutting down neighborhoods in West Baghdad and it was issuing demands of the central government.
Simultaneously, in this strategic southern port city of Bazarah,
where Saudr's mocked the militias and controlled, the Iraqi government launched a crack down on the face of warnings
by Saudr's followers that they'll fight government forces if any Saudrists are detained.
And he's Saudrists are detained.
So I want to hear an Arab satellite news channel's reporter clashes between the Makhni Army and police in Bazarah.
The freeze on offensive activity by Saudr's Makhni Army has been a major factor behind the recent drop in violence in Iraq
and it refers that the confrontation that's erupted in Baghdad in Bazarah could end the low in attacks, assassinations, kidnappings, and bombing.
All of these things.
As the US military recorded its 4,000th death in Iraq, US officials in Baghdad ward again this week
that drawing down troops took where they could collapse Iraq's fragile security situation.
There's only one war that's going on. It's a civil war and we're the ones who created it.
Okay, we made a create the situation of vacuum of leadership there and we created this civil war there.
That's the war that's going on. Shut up, comedy, what do you hate America?
Pentagon officials said that military leaders are watching for any signs of backsliding
as they consider whether to keep drawing down troops below pre-search levels.
President Bush spoke about the death toll saying one day people will look back at this moment in history and say,
thanks God there were courageous people willing to serve because they laid the foundations for peace for generations to come.
Even as he spoke the situation on the ground was rapidly deteriorating.
On Sunday, a barrage of at least 17 rockets at the heavily fortified green zone in surrounding neighborhoods
were both the US and Iraqi government headquarters or Houset to corner police.
Most of them were launched from the outskirts. I don't want to read this. It's too depressing.
So far this month 27 soldiers have been killed in Iraq of those 16 or 59 percent died in Baghdad.
In January 25 percent of the US deaths happened in Baghdad or 10 out of 40.
But so far this month 27 already.
Civilian casualties also under rise in Baghdad. After a record low number through November when at least 76 people were killed 306 injured,
the deaths began to rise. December crept up to 88 people killed. On February 172 in February and is in March 24, at least 149 killed a 448 injured.
There's blood shed in chaos is what's going on. But the media don't want to be bothered with that because they're busy talking about crazy preachers and stuff like that.
And there's the shrunken head on CNN.
When it comes to foreign policy it's not the way to go and it's even going to be.
She is one of the weirdest. I mean I realize it's supposed to be journalism although it's not.
Right. One of the strangest creatures.
Dandarage. Straight creatures right.
And your buddy Lou Dobbsman, he's screaming in the out about the poor middle class and about the outsourcing of jobs and all these damn illegal aliens.
And listen all the Mexicans back except his wife.
Like that. How would that pull kind of slow down on this baby here Chris?
You're not going to make your 10 million votes. 283 is all we got.
Let's set a goal of like 450.
Okay. I think about 900 but okay.
Join WQM right now at Carolina Alehouse at 2618 Weston Road in Weston for a Florida Panther ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket in the ticket.
Get free tickets to see the panthers take on either the Washington Crapidels or the Atlanta trashers.
Hurry because once they're gone they're just gone.
So look for the QM van or the Hummer the Humper right look for the QAM Hunter.
2618 Weston Road in Weston and truck has to Weston.
Well that the famous Cocher Deli sounds really good.
I think we got one facts about it and we always get these facts saying is this the real is this original or what's not the original one but nevertheless it sounds pretty damn good.
Well sure be nice if we got some facts with some reviews on it.
Yeah.
Somebody's actually eating there instead of pining away but what are we going to do the Rascal House is going all the old Rascals.
I don't have anywhere to eat anymore.
Well there's a place right there in Evan's Uro okay.
Which last time I checked isn't that far from the Rascal House.
What is the Rascal House about 170th?
Oh yeah.
Yeah I don't remember the last time I was there. Wait.
I've never been there.
You've never been to the Rascal House?
No.
Am I missing?
You've never been to the Rascal House.
What the Puppernicks wants?
What about Wolfies?
No.
You were never to Wolfies?
No.
Corkeys?
Many times.
Wolfies was better than Corkeys.
Oh it's take your word for it.
Corkeys the best thing they had going of course was the brisket and the potato pancake.
Oh I guess what I'd have.
I don't know.
Quitsons.
And what about Wayne Arle?
He must be reopened now.
The quitsies are in a month.
I don't think so.
What?
I don't think so.
No.
We would know.
He would not reopen without telling us.
Well how can he tell us we don't take any calls and fats are there.
He's not going to answer the phone when we're not putting him on the air.
He knows how to get a hold of us.
And how is that?
How did he ever get a hold of us both by the following?
Yeah.
Good one.
All right.
All right.
I'm going to get a hold of him.
Over waiting Senator McCain's foreign policy speech on CNN.
We don't have to wait for CNN.
I can tell you what he's going to say.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
Yeah.
That's it.
Crazy person man insane McCain and Julie, remember that would be a hell of a ticket.
Guaranteed to lose.
287 on the point.
You got to get to 300 before we can get to 450.
I'll take it that.
It's pretty slow.
So I heard.
Maybe that what?
They don't like this poll I guess.
Sorry Brandon.
Brandon's not communicating with us today anyway.
I don't know.
What's the story now?
It's spring break.
In fact, there's a thing in one of the local, local papers.
I figured whether it's the hair of the sun, or the middle.
Got a big picture of some guy hanging from a light post, light post in spring break and four lot of day.
Back in the late 60s.
Yeah.
Looking for some elbow room.
Those were the days baby.
Before all the politicians and all the old folks drove the kids out.
Oh, we don't want to have that.
They create too much of a fuss.
And there's all this drinking.
Listen to that.
See?
Wow.
Well, I talk about timing, man.
I still got it.
The sirens are coming for all those spring breakers, all those punks.
Send them back to Daytona.
Send them to a panellini city.
Send them someplace else.
Send them to Cancun.
Anyplace else?
Because we sure don't want anybody in the age of 100 in South Florida.
God forbid.
Oh, and speaking of crazy people, she's ended again.
Sally Kern.
Oklahoma House representative Sally Kern made an Easter Sunday appearance.
A KFOR TV's flashpoint to face off of an openly gay pastor,
elaborating on her recent leaked speech and defending her views.
A spirited theological and political debate ensued between representative Kern,
host Kevin Ogle, panelists Burns Hargis, and Mike Turpin,
and Dr. Scott Jones of Oklahoma City's Cathedral of Hope.
I was speaking to a group of Republicans, grassroots Republicans,
Kern explained of the original speech, which gained worldwide attention after posted on the internet
by the Gameless Biennick Victory Fund.
And I was talking about the homosexual agenda, and how they're putting forth
funding very heavily, homosexual and pro-homosexual candidates to run against and defeat conservatives across the nation.
Like Charlie Chris, for example.
I did talk about what I believe scientific evidence healthcare
proved that the homosexual lifestyle is a dangerous lifestyle,
and yes, I did compare it to being more dangerous than terrorism.
And my point in doing that, gentlemen, was this.
Everybody knows that terrorism destroys and tears down,
and that was the only analogy I was making is that the homosexual agenda,
this lifestyle, which is so destructive to individuals, is that the heart trying to tear down what is
the bedrock foundation of our society, the family and traditional marriage.
You don't really believe that, Scott? As panelists Michael Turpin,
a pastor of Jones is more dangerous than a Somovian Lawton Dwayne.
I believe that he, with the homosexual agenda, and lifestyle that involves his deadly relation.
Now, I wasn't saying that Scott, who is personally as dangerous as a Somovian Lawton,
but I was just making comparison to who my point, she said.
Well, I would denounce hate speech of any kind, rebutts Jones,
and having my public remarks in response to yours.
And you have to understand that when you say that gay people are like cancer,
and cancer is something that we eradicate that we kill,
or that we're worse than terrorists and terrorists,
or people like what we go after to annihilate, to kill,
you have to understand why those words without rage people,
because what are you saying? That we should go after gay people and eradicate them, or annihilate them?
I wasn't saying that you guys were cancered, legislative,
Dr. Jones. I was saying that the effect is the very same as cancer.
If God's people don't stand up and proclaim God's word,
which teaches that homosexuality is a sin,
and if we just try to ignore it, let it become mainstream and take on the mentality
that you folks want, that it's a normal lifestyle,
then that's going to spread through our culture,
and we'll no longer have the same kind of culture we've had for over 200 years.
That's all I meant.
You have to understand, appeals Jones, that there are multiple churches,
Christians, denominations, highly respected scholars,
who disagree with your interpretation and application of scripture.
Sally asked, chirping, if you had a gay child,
I would love them as much as anybody else representative Krona,
answers. I would love them more than any other children
because they would have a greater need.
Kron also weighs in on her son answering allegations that he was gay,
gay, bashed, on a 1989 arrest of Jesse Jacob Krona,
an old Sodomy charges.
In 1989, my son Jesse Aaron Krona was 12 years old,
he was over living in Boise, Idaho.
He's never been arrested, he's never been interviewed,
and he said, I am not, I am straight.
But if he were, I'd love him, she continues,
because God created us all in his image.
God's got a wonderful plan for every single one of us.
Sin is out to destroy God's plan.
She goes on and on about the gay agenda and yada yada yada.
She's almost as crazy as my neighbor, but let me say it in almost.
The biggest name of the best out of Tito is the name of the nation's Krona.
It's the only name I am.
The fourth leader.
Neil God?
Is it done or a lean, or does it involve your behind?
Don't strum, there are many things that only gays do this.
Absolutely.
Most states have laws,
you could be jailed or they are fine.
The Senate now must pick which you're a best.
Oh, oh.
Oh, sat me, Peter, Pup, Ford, Cobbos, Ride, Archback, Corridor, Abandoned me
Oh, sat me, the front door's the backside, Just go and ask to Kennedy
If long is my face in the Senate, you'll have a seat
People without health care, folks lacking livelihood
The way they act is really what is loo-oo-oo-oo
Well, there's Helms to model Spectre, and Hornet Bob Packwood
No matter where you stick it, we get screwed
Look out of me, the Senate's lost its mind
There's stronger drugs and crime, God knows
Look out of me, they're saving our maintain
With careings on the Lichio
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
a big write-up here in New Times for Christ'sACE. With the whole menu. I mean, who's more powerful, new times are... no, god! You're thinkin' about back in the day when we had an audience? Back in a day when we were moving it, and shakin' it? Yeah. They got potato pancakes, they got stuffed cabbage, fried crepe, and onions, kishka, geffilfe, chicken fingers, buffalo chicken wains, smoked salmon. These are just appetizers. All kinds of salads like wight tuna, omelettes,
Like the famous Jewish western omelette with no onions, peppers and mushrooms,
grilled Franks and coniches, they got the famous meat conich, the Frank conich, hot dog and a bun,
knack worst than a bun.
How come I'm giving him like a whole spotter because I think it's a revelation baby, right?
I think it's in the bobble and maybe somebody will you know put them on the air. This is a little freebie like a little taste.
I doubt it.
Homemade chicken soup with noodle or rice or with lots of balls or crepe block and then they got soup a day
like every day they got something different like mushroom barley on Sunday. I love mushroom barley.
Wednesday it's lentil. Oh and Thursday split pea.
We'll take a split pea just this morning. Mishmash salads. Mishmash.
And then they got on trays like stuffed cabbage and rotisserie chicken and chicken cutlet and
smothered and chicken breast and chicken in a pot.
Dirt will take the pot part.
Fresh brisket. There you go. A task in a biscuit. Let's strap that brisket. Hungry and goulash.
Sweet and sour tongue polonies. Oh, we were doing so well till we got to the tongue.
Flanking. Oh, what a menu. Ribbon steak. Schmork is boring.
Cachia varnish.
And this is like a spaghetti marinara spaghetti meatballs. You shove in your meatballs and sausages a little wine.
Boats. And they got all kinds of course of sides like macaroni salad and potato salad and
cashe, cashe varnish. And mashed potatoes and potato pancakes and Greek olives.
And of course the gigantic sandwiches, the mile high sandwiches. All the reviews said they're not
that big. Well, they don't have to be gigantic. They don't have to gag on it for it to be good.
But it helps. Corn beef and pistrami and brisket sandwich and roast beef and beef tongue.
Turkey breast salami. And they've also got desserts.
Chocolate or raspberry cigar. Cake, humentation. They got humentation. Oh my god.
Also available in no sugar added. We got a whole bunch of things on here that have
rubla. Remember the lady brought the rubla? Almost killed me on a year. Apple stewed
Russian coffee cake baked apple, seven layer cake, Danish, Swedish, Goyish, all of these things.
Wow. All of these things. That's pretty sunny. I'm going to put that menu right away. I'm
going to check that place out next time I have a chance in Evan sure. I'm going to go and say,
I'm the famous meal Roger. Oh yeah, you're looking for a free meal. Yeah, you should live so long.
I'll tell you the other place. I really like a lot. And I only was there twice. And I still have
their menu because I liked it so much. Two jays. Oh, no, I think it changed ownership.
And when I went through the second time, they didn't have the same omelette that I wanted
from the first time. Okay. I could be wrong about that. But it was very good. Two jays. And they're,
I guess they're all over the place. It's a chain. Oh yeah, look at this on the back of the menu.
Plantation. That's the one I went to on university, driving to fountain shops. Are they still there,
by the way? Good question. Because you told me you've been there more than once. To two jays?
No, that must have been somebody else. Maybe it was a court. Somebody told me they'd been there.
What about you, Chris? You're a big eater. No, you never been to two jays? Never.
I must have been yash. T-O-O-J-A-Y two jays. They're in coral springs in Boka. Plantation. They're
all over in Boka. Like worth Palm Beach Palm Beach Gardens. Jupiter Stewart. Viral. They're not in
the plantation area. They're about to pop a nose somewhere up there, northwest. Coral springs.
Coral springs. They're about to. Anandadream dessert. Oh, you know what I had for dessert before I
had pooped my pants at Ruth Chris Saturday night? I don't know, Crembroulai. No, they didn't have that.
In fact, Paco Taco got that, but he didn't finish it. He loves that, but he didn't finish it,
because that's when he got into his debate with his buddy. I said, anyway, I got that. What do they call it?
Banana Cream Pie. What the hell do they call it? Carmelized. Carmelized banana cream pie.
No, Crembroulai. It's got that same caramelized topping. You know where they take out the
Nuke with the blowtorch there. But they take a blowtorch. That's great. Oceans 2, 3, 4 has
wonderful. I'll crmebroulai by the way. They nuke the top of it and boil the caramelized banana
cream pie. Oh my god. I almost had time to finish it. It's got out of here. It's got out of here. We're going.
Maybe that's why my stomach was upset. No, it's that butter again, you know.
They broil the steaks in butter. And if you're sensitive to butter or if it makes you get the
squirts man, let me tell you right now, say, oh, hold the butter, please, because otherwise you
might have a meal experience. You'll be kneeling. I can't take too much butter and shoots right
out my ass. Back up back up back home. Ben, Fer and have ring up. Blue me to the can.
Now's now my time to wash and the butter now. And close the window and see the
butter. We're there too much butter. We'd be the butter. Then I get the butter. I can't take too much butter.
I can't take it at all. My ass burns from all less drop and especially sorbet tall.
I know my feet are jumping in a quick shaft. I got a double hole in my back. It ain't got a
thing. I can't take too much butter. It goes through me too fast. Every time I eat it, I have to
take my pants. I can't take too much butter. It shoots right out my ass. You won't think it's
name. The best talent here is your project. You're 20 to 5. 60 QAM. Thanks for it's
leader. The media is sick and you can't bad this.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, now text me, babe. Uncle San take all the money that I've
made. You've earned and while you've added all the money. To add insults to injury. Just take
my purse for a baby. Now I'm taking these duchons. Now I'll be your king. I'm gonna find some
tax loot. Just to make those we saw this. The IRS.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, now text me, babe. Tax my dog, the tax my take and
to pay. Tax my patience, tax my sanity. Yeah, I'm gonna lose it anyway.
I ain't gonna keep that thread of days.
About 31 to 5.60 WDQM. What is Sunnish Island in here? It's beautiful, man. Why is it that
people who predict the weather are so full of crap? I mean, once in a while they get it right,
but then even I could do that just right by the outside. Yeah, that's right. Look outside
and look like you're out of the window. Take an umbrella. Sunnish in 38, it's gonna be 40 today. Oh,
I had a Lucio. A happy day. And no snow and no wind blowing like crazy like the world is coming
to an end. And speaking of good things, God is good. Says $1.1 million slots winner. I
talked about the lady who won the 9 million. Right. Well, Cassino Ramoff and Barry here a couple
days ago. Well, here's a lady right there in Margate who says God is good. A hard working
home health aide from Margate who couldn't afford health insurance for herself is now likely
the biggest Jack, Cassino Jack by winter and Florida history. Well, that's because we're just
getting the slots going, baby. You wait till this weekend when I'm there. I'm gonna be dangerous.
I think I'd go to Gulfstream. Yeah, three to shoot. And Pompano. They got will fortune there.
Yeah, $4. $5. $5. Yeah, how much you can lose in a $5 machine like in 12?
No, but I bet you'll tell me or show me. Oh, Paulette Miles 48 was down to her final spin
on a progressive jackpot cash cow class 2 electronic gaming machine at Syneril Covenant Creek
Casinos there tonight. And it turned out to be a good machine, man. She hit the button and won a
record $1.1 million. Good machine, man. This is wonderful. Now instead of having to work seven days,
I only have to work five days a week said Miles reached by the Harold by herself on this morning.
As she was leaving the home from a patient she'd been carrying for overnight. Miles and Megan
from Jamaica, man, since he's using her winnings to pay off her mortgage pay off her car loan,
buy yourself health and life insurance, help her niece with her college tuition,
help her needy family in Jamaica and pay the taxes from her jackpot win. See, there are taxes on
your winnings there. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, you're finally getting lucky and you win something
that they make you pay tax and I guarantee it's like 40%. At least. Isn't that disgusting?
There's no tax when you win it to track here with a casino. Then you're the cash,
are they right? You check. Have a good time. Have a great life. The right she said will be safe
for emergencies and to build a retirement nest egg. God decided to bless me for a reason. I will
not waste my blessings on things that aren't necessary. She said I will not waste it on things
like a vacation. Steve Bonner, General and I am Jirthy Semidal Coconut Creek Acinus at Miles
hit her jackpot shortly before 11 o'clock Saturday night. She was playing one of the nickel machines
one of the progressive electronic gaming machines that for a year now a build up a jackpot of
over a million bucks bonner said we were wondering when somebody would finally hit the jackpot.
The nickel machine that Miles was playing builds at jackpot because it's linked with all the
other progressive nickel machines at the Semidal tribes seven Florida casinos. Bonner said Miles
won the 1.1 million dollar jackpot because instead of betting one nickel at a time which in total
he'd played just one pay line she was playing all 27 pay lines at once. He said people about the
maximum pay lines are the ones who win the big jackpot which is absolutely correct. Now let's see 27
nickels is how much 20 nickels is a buck so it's like a buck 35 yeah very good.
So it's like a dollar machine man a little more than that it's like a buck and a half machine.
Miles said she'd bet the next one because she gets poor to spend a dollar 35 per play on
nickel machines see if I would have just kept reading I would have known it was a buck 35 but we
can do the math we can handle it. I can't afford to play the quarter machines that way that's
why I played the nickel machines said Miles said she plays the machines once in a while to relax
and dream and has never bet more than a hundred bucks at a time. Miles said that when she had the
jackpot she thought she'd won five grand but the woman playing next to her screamed that Miles
had actually won one point of million dollars they treated me like a queen when I once said Miles
that's how they always treat me a woodbine like a queen. I'm appropriate. Said Miles who
after filling out necessary paperwork with the IRS received the amount in the lump sum. God is
good she said. Oh God! Bonner said the biggest jackpot win to take place at Seminal was 800,000
seven years ago and also took place at the Seminal Coconut Creek. I wonder if that was the one
where they didn't want to pay the guy remember remember that one. Yeah I do but they straighten
that out. Now function at the junction oh they certainly did they straighten it out because he
came back and said hey guess what you guys owe me a bunch of money like that and he'll okay. He's
that lawyer and bad press to them. Mm-hmm. Things like that. Right anyway that very nice
option. Joyce it unfortunately she's got to pay a ton of ton of money in taxes. Yeah well I'll
take it anyway. I understand but 1.1 million Christ. Now how do we know how we're doing with those
pants and tickets is anybody communicating with us do we know who's out there even every probably
a week in the bulk of the report. Is this just an exercise or what? Yeah. Join WQM right now
Carolina Alhaus 2618 Weston Road and Weston for plan a Panther ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket
stick it in your ticket and then listen to Wilson ticket. Get free tickets to see the
pants who's taken either they washed and grabbed those or they landed trashers your choice
hurry because once they're gone they're gone I don't know how many we had do we have any idea
up to 1000 probably your bond I'm gonna find out. Yeah fight out something find out what's going on
with that because that's a noondah one thing you know it's already 1236 now that I'm watching
a clock or anything like that that would be bad there's nothing worse that people are going to
work and they watch the clock you know when you go into a supermarket and you go through the
checkout and all these young punks are talking to each other all the employees oh what times
your break what time you get off that's all they're thinking about is when the hell they get off
from work yeah that's not my idea if somebody really has their nose to the grindstone like Chris
who wants to know how early can he come in and how late can he stay exactly yesterday's can he
work that's only because he might make an extra couple of bucks something like that
is that what you're thinking about when you come in in the morning how late can I stay and how much
can I get done here today always how can and in Georgia you think of that how can I get done today
mm-hmm and by whom right I already do you 238 votes on your poll we need to get to 450 or else
by the state of Israel oh boy there he goes again bap bap bap bap I wonder where Julie
Julie remains hiding under the podium by the way they just short of wailing at the wall
like Julie Bremen was under the podium asking is this thing kosher it's old I know that I don't
know if it's kosher Joe but it's it's old old and craggy like insane McCain I mean this is the best
that we can do in the free so it used to be free world is to come up with this this piece of
dreck well look who they had they admit Romney who had that you know comic book appearance
and comic books we do it very well in fact didn't they come in second and our poll about
the way you read the newspaper people like the comics yeah you like you like Marlon Brando's
grandson there he reads the funny papers remember that mm-hmm now who was that was that Anthony yeah
was that right and then of course after we read the funny papers he became an opera singer yeah
with that me yeah yeah yeah yeah there was a lot of that in that family we had the priest everybody
can you we can always use a good young priest and then the opera singer yeah wow wouldn't you
thought they'd been a little bit more mature when at mafia family you know thought I'm then of
course Sophia but I schnoss of course those Italians you know the stories that you came back with
what do you mean stories it's not stories it's the truth I didn't say that there were you know
false stories but nevertheless they have a different criteria there and literally there's
no such thing as yeah unless you're a recipient of anal sex otherwise you can do anything with
whoever you want right it's very uh and you're just a go a guy a lot of latitude there you
roll that's the attitude
they wasn't just tell two or stuff of agency the file chapter man's on bad rock
see yeah the time the time the fail gets to it
tough is there hot dog when you've been in it to it
heaven with the k-mots a whip is queen time for k-mots
and all employees as the k-mots get fired right away
yeah
no more to come to talk but underwear no more fuzzy slippers to 99 appear no more of those t-shirts
just like these days keep out the night coming back here again
tell me where the k-mots oh now it's quick and sound but k-mots
and all employees as the k-mots oh
well I'm bitterly disappointed you know I thought I thought I'm my space and I thought on the
facts machine and all over the place even bottles coming through the lake Ontario
there'd be messages about the famous kosher restaurant and adventurer okay when you were
thought I would have you get anything no nothing you get any calls about a crazy
facts not an email oh I love them see he won't answer the phone anyway correct it wasn't
ringing anyway for what it's worth have you know it wasn't ringing because I got the screen
to green light like you we have a hand well why should I have the screen on I can't punch him
up here anyway I know but never let's I know you're not going to but I do have a screen on
and it hasn't blinked at all we'll make the phone ring okay five six day at 05 60
crystal answer it if you ever read it to you new the new famous restaurant on an
adventurer the co-famous kosher restaurant and tell you Chris's fire report see it's going to be
another minute before the labels up and what's the start with the Panther ticket ticket ticket ticket
ticket ticket ticket ticket Rick it what's the story I'm getting information as a matter of fact I
might already have it let me look my text in stuff we had 10 pairs yeah and we still have a
couple pairs left we're uh done at one okay we got a couple pair left so you want to go see the
Panthers on us just hit up our of thing our horn is out there who we have horn out there oh I'm
so sorry one is out there at the Carolina Hill House 2618 western road and western for a Panther
ticket it you can go see well whatever we got left that's what you'll get we got one pair two pair
but you better hurry up you only got 14 minutes left because once it gets to be one o'clock one
you will see him no more he'll be long gone and once he's gone like the tickets they're gone so go
well that's also bad we had 10 and we got a couple pair left so some people actually came by but
the thing over now is the phone ringing about the famous phones ringing are you answering it oh no
do it all right come on fat so you lump this ought to be funny you know the expression about a lump
of coal yeah then that's him lump the human lump coal is hard and shiny I mean is that a lot to
ask we're just I mean not on the earring thing just off it's because I'm sure that that he knows
that it's just going to be those people how do you know that or I don't know it so that's what you're
saying and you don't want to get any information about anything we can't do it because those people
will hijack the phone we know that they're I wouldn't put it that way this is what you call catching
them off guard uh-huh they're not expecting any calls once they hear my voice and know that I'm
doing the show on a given day they know forget about it they're not going to be no calls
so they're all gathering for them you should go over some and try this at English they're the only
ones who call these days and so much you tell me when I ask you about the show when I'm on
vacation etc you know we see a whole bunch of great intellectual colors oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah what's the story Chris we're getting info on the famous deli we had three colors one hung up
one wanted to talk to you because he'd never been there and once that he's been there
everybody wanted to talk to you about Wayne Arnold's place so uh yeah that was that's another one's
ringing there's the uh the fat one now hey what are you talking about why is it Chris that one he's
gonna give us a blow by blow okay great this is the expo on the family people people don't like to
actually listen you just want to know people have been to this place right right yeah these people
aren't listening they're just calling in give us a spy report if you've eaten there is it great is
like the old famous is it better than the rascal house is the food great is the one is something
these is Kate Christ how did it go this in to figure that out five six seven oh five sixty
and leave them there what is it for the day calling right now what Lee Feldman has been there and I'm
calling him right now to get his report how you don't want to do it there the food was uh okay
was okay huh hey not great I'm gonna put Lee on speaker phone now what he said all right Lee you're on
speaker phone I usually uh hit on six different way but now we're actually talking on the air the
way you get a phone call go ahead answer Neil he wants to know about it he used to be Cat's
Deli he says yeah the radio off you would just get confused listen to us in here why is he listening
on the radio is he really that stupid or he doesn't want to see so anyway tell us how the food was
I think I'll find you are you're on the cars you're not in the car wait a minute he was off
turning the radio off how was it how was it Lee it's a good place that place has been like three
different places it used to be a red door high place and then it became a cat's deli and it
only has only cat's deli for like six or seven months now it's the famous kosher or whatever
it's called now but it's a good place you've been there since it was the famous I've been
the all three places yeah so these guys it's good you're in the Pomona shopping center over there
by the wind gets you right there to park play power smoothie is the kind of gym there yeah the gym
is good to have hot action there so what what did you have when you went I had I was a bagel sandwich
with uh with some hummus but it was good big with some hummus yeah it's real it's a real deal kosher
Jewish place for sure yeah they don't open okay on chavis they close Friday night at some
alarm go on I can't wait to eat there oh hey any other questions for leave you
for a starter maybe you're riding a degree starter there and then if you do you can ask him how come
he didn't sign him up to advertise on our station okay then we're done with Lee right thanks a lot
flee I was going he ran away as soon as he heard my voice he ran all right another call
I called them said he's been there since the famous that's great it's great probably the owners
that's okay the the menu looks sensational and one thing I will tell you is this there aren't too
many bad delis although rumor once took me one in the Adamsville here remember that time he took me
out here about a hundred miles out into like who knows where it was I have no idea I think he
took me to Kingston or somewhere I may have never driven so far to get to such a mediocre place
rumors favorite deli oh hey the tables were so small you were knocking these under the table
which I think is what rumor wanted oh my god just to die from not to die for to die from but if
you don't usually find bad delis and the reason that all the delis in town went out of business
like the Carnegie Carnegie I'm trying to think where the hell it was you don't remember it
nope was it on miracle mile and a gables or somewhere like that it was somewhere down south
I never hung out there it was great in fact that's not the one I'm even thinking of the Carnegie
deli was a different one this one began with an M Marshall majors Marshall majors not to be confused
with stand major all right yeah the more you're the thing it's great it's great and they want to talk
to you I don't want to I don't want to talk to them okay forget about it oh that's why hung
up on a one they said that good I want to take calls we could do that you could punch
about there but I don't want to Marshall majors now that was in the gables I'm going to google it
during the break that place was great and the Carnegie deli used to be a sponsor but I wish to
have a long time ago a million years ago I can't remember where the hell it was they weren't
browards somewhere in browards for a lot of deli to be exact and it was really excellent but the
problem with the delis is that all the old Jews stole the silver and the sweet and low and they
put them out of business and you think I'm joking when I say that like more fees and pump or next
I don't think you're joking it's a true story and anyway so you don't remember Marshall majors
no I remember Marshall Mathers from that bad show you just haven't been around man you've been
of course it's probably a hundred years ago yeah that's what happens when you get to be 500
years away I told you the places where I lived down here all the places that you used to love
and you ask everybody else oh I never heard of that that's because I live where you've been
bought his dollars on when I lived down here before it was down there homestead leader city redlands
yet I'm sorry for me that before you can't tell me that well you keep forgetting it you never got
far away from home is that it instead I'm sure they got a lot of great kosher delis in homestead
yeah for the gigantic kosher you don't have to be Jewish to love deli you know who loves deli
black folks okay it's true I'll take your word for it I don't know what the reason is that the like
but the black folks love deli what because it's good maybe yeah like in Detroit I mean like that
when Dick Burton was talking to us and I had turned him on to lose finer deli contest now unfortunately
like everything else in Detroit it went downhill and in the years since I left the turn and he tried
it on my recommendation and said oh yeah it was horrible lose finer deli and when you'd go in there
like at least 60 percent of the client though would be black of course I was in Detroit but nevertheless
they had all these other restaurants to choose from they love deli man who doesn't love a great
bowl of mots of all soup some fried crepe block this place sounds sensational I might just have
to come down there and try but don't go there on Friday night because they're not going to be open
Neil it's a shop is they're real you know observant their kosher I'm gonna sneak in some bacon
would that be that would be great just like me wouldn't it be that he's in faster than seeking
something trache yeah well rub the grease on your fingertips and then touch stuff
I can I can squeeze the maziza would now I've bacon grease leave you if you rub bacon grease on
your hand and then shake the chest hand that they have to close down right because he's no longer
kosher they have to kill him he becomes trace 66 you're not gonna make no 450 today man this
pull is slowed down to a crawl I don't know what's going on today is there some is there some
other kind of holiday we don't know by yet or we just I just went there oh is that what it is yeah
yeah yeah I thought it was poor ones there maybe paysocks coming next month 12 55 at 5 60 WQM
brought you a big black guy named Ben Gaur alarm now bring you and old Jewish guy named isa
get away from my quarter of the hell you big and the ass remember when we used to post
and back at carapoeons we ought to get a bunch of finished baby tonight was a cooler get away from my
house and try to steer my car I feel safe everything old Jewish guy named isa get away from my
in order of the hell you big and the ass get your old Jewish guy named isa car alarm now and
receive a free flower antenna get away get away get away from my in order of the hell you
big and the ass and old Jewish guy named isa car alarm now available at all there's stories
so chicken egg is still using his ears credit cards what I hear it's more
clock at 5 60 WQAM so I googled martial majors deli into my phone what nothing oh that's
depressing that was a great place was in the gable somewhere somebody call up and tell Chris
where the martial majors was now a Carnegie deli I don't have to I did google it wait till I
tell you what I found but I wasn't it was in gallery and for a lottery okay give a rea Carnegie
deli never heard of it the gallery yeah and so I googled Carnegie deli to find a soft photo
one because I think there was more than one but there was that one for sure in lottery and I
found from the New York Times in article July 30th 2002 two men are sentenced to life for slaying
about Carnegie deli two government convicted of killing three people and woundy twitters
an execution style shooting above the Carnegie deli contestant midtown Manhattan were sentenced
to life in prison yesterday July 30th 2002 the killings on evening of May 10th last year were
the result of a boxed attempt to steal marijuana and cash in an apartment above the deli on 7th
avenue between 54th and 55th Street after the sound of gunfire sent people scrambling on the
midtown streets outside the two gunmen fled the apartment and mancy lost in the crowds
and he liked that above the Carnegie deli nothing kosher about that
and once in these other delis weren't really strictly kosher but this one obviously is
because any place that closes down friday night at sundown and doesn't open up again till Saturday
at sundown yeah that's kosher can't get much more kosher than that speaking of kosher how do we
do with our pan through ticket ticket ticket did we get rid of them all we don't know yes we got rid of them all
did we really we did how do you know that you're just saying that okay i'm just about to call
some martial majors christ we get any he's writing something down he's on the phone talking to someone
but he's not exciting we're like no and you know the my space craft i don't know about that
crowd you know the uh they don't know them who it was in south Miami right right off 57th and sunset
see that's back in my ws news days in the studio for w and ws was on lowlam road at pixie highway
and what's the lowlam road like 70 six in the seventh 60 that very good excellent that's that's
absolutely correct so this wasn't far from work this was right up the over she highway martial majors
boy that was good see and people so you're living in the past and like you you get all bent out of
shape when i do that think about the restaurants from the past just like those shows about the
controversy the shows from the past with your friend reverie reverend show oh my god so many morons
and so little time it's just it's staggering you know sure is so you had now somebody called and
said they remembered martial majors that they just knew where it was uh they told me where the address
was yeah that's okay but it was great and they ate there many times and it was fantastic they didn't
say that much kneels got great taste in the deli and other uh Jew food and stuff and say that
that's where it was though in south day boy how the times have changed uh now back in those days
i lived in kindle office sunset on row 7th and kindle right off the corner there and then and remember
we're talking about the supermarkets and it used to be uh whatever a grand grand union the grand
union is long gone right why that i'd be like you know 50 years ago now that's right a hundred years
ago what what do you expect i'm 140 years old that's when i was the young guy was only 40 a hundred
years ago it was out right in the corner there was a grand union et cetera mm-hmm
more in doubt right telly or nobody question mark
well the cool cats away the Hillary my soul play marine says as Barack Obama was floating in the
pool with his daughters the last few days in st. Thomas some fit and disciples were floating the
idea of st. Hillary as his vice president she can't move without him said one Hillary advisor
and he can't move without her they're stuck with each other it's one of my favorite movie formulas
driving the dynamics in such classic says a few good men the big easy and guys and dolls charming
good guy spars and crawls with no nonsense driven girl until they team up in the last real he
spices up her life she stiffens his spine and soon they hear the pit or pattern of little super
delicate feet who are thrilled not to be pulled in two directions anymore and everybody's happy
or are they a couple weeks ago when hill and bill mentioned the possibility of a joint ticket it
was an attempt to undermine Obama and urge voters and super delegates to put Hilary on top the
implication was that this was the only way democrats could have both their stars and besides it
the prokoshis boy wonder had plenty of time but with the math not in her favor in her options
running out bill Richardson running out and uh why can't there's a word here that i can't read
narrative of dodging bullets in Bosnia oh i see a lie and securing peace in northern
arland on raveland could Hillary actually think the best presidency is the best she'll do
one Hillary pal said she wouldn't want to go back to a center for lawmakers who'd abandon her for
Obama and even if she could get to be a majority leader would it be much fun working with Nancy
Pelosi who's just taste for the Clintons has led her to suddenly maneuver for Obama
maybe the terminator is thinking if she could just get her pump in the door dig chainy after
always able to run the white house in the world from the vice presidents residence calling every
shot while serving under less experienced and younger president and observatory circle is just
up to speak from where Hillary now lives but aside from Barack and Michelle Obama's certain
resistance would it fly many Hillary voters are hardening against Obama and more and more Obama
fans are getting turned off by the idea of dragging down the Obama brand with Clinton dysfunction
no drama vote Obama pluckered in t-shirts are popping up at Obama rallies and one of his military
advisory dubbed him no shock Barack it's hard to imagine that after spending her whole life playing
second fiddle with superstar politician Hillary wants to do it again she's been vice president
could the Veepe talk be a red herring? applaud design to distract attention from the Clintons
real end game? even some kind of loyalists are wondering allowed if the wind at all cost
strategy of Hill and Bill which continued Tuesday when Hillary tried to drag Reverend White back
into spotlight is designed to rough up Obama so badly leave the party so driven that Obama will
lose in November to John McCain if McCain only served one term Hillary would have one last shot
on election day in 2012 she be 65 why also would Hillary suggest that McCain would be a better
commander in chief than Obama and why also would Bill imply that Obama was less patriotic and
attended by more static than McCain why also would fill singer Hillary spokesman Santa conference
called the reporters on Tuesday that Obama was trying to disenfranchise the voters of Florida and
when it comes to voting senator Obama's turn the audacity of hope into the audacity of nope he
said adding there's a basic reality here which is we could have avoided the entire George W.
Bush presidency if we'd accounted votes in Florida so a singer making the case that Obama's
as anti-democratic as W. was when he snatched Florida from Al Gore some top Democrats are
increasingly worried that the Clintons divide and conquer strategy is nihilistic Hillary or no
Democrat or as one Democrat described at the ABC's Jake Thapper Hillary is going for the
tanya harding option if she can't get the gold knee cap arrival after all the Clintons think
of themselves as the Democratic Party when Bill and Dick Moore's triangulated the first term it
was what was best for Bill not for the party in 96 when Bill turned the White House into motel
1600 for fundraisers it was more about his reelection than the reelection of fellow Democrats in
Congress in 2000 the White House focused its energies more on Hillary Senate when the
Al Gore's presidential run and even Clinton supporters know that Bill doesn't want to be replaced
as the first black president especially by a black president with enough magic to possibly
eclipse him in history books that's your gal marine dog marine the queen the New York Times today
how's the poll coming you're going to get your 450 or what oh three eight and nine no chance
how you can do crazy what we can do it you need 61 votes in 52 minutes I should be able to do it
what differences are made none we just pretend to be up so we gave away those pan through tickets
we gave away that certificate for downtowner and the good news is that'll be our
Neil Deal thing tomorrow we actually have one this week because they're still in business
and I bet you that famous co-shed y'all you're still in business too based on the calls that
we're getting based on what your friend flea was babbling about when he finally figured out
how to turn the radio off it is and it's great food from what I'm being told people are calling
Tonya's really great yeah the couple of people and actually a good friend called instead they used
to get from there like once a week for work mmm mmm now I'm aggravated I can't find no
kishki here maybe I could find that I could take the Pontiac and drive around all afternoon and see
if I could find that deli a hundred miles from here that rumor took me to that time the place where
the food just absolutely sucked job remember why maybe he remembers where it is he said you a
google map I don't want to I could talk to him but you know what I don't want to which part of
the newspaper do you always read I never I don't read newspaper 76 that's leading almost 20%
including George sports 72 local news 63 editorial page 38 the front page 38
comics 32 of bichy worries 15 I don't I just I don't know maybe if you're old you know like me you
want to see if anybody a new croaked business 12 crossword puzzle 11 coupon 7 national news 7 the
world six horoscope for the ads three classifies three dear Abby two and state news
solimentate uno who wants to read state news about a bunch of silly ass rednecks and florida who can't
do anything right 390 so you need 60 in 50 minutes it's uh it's doable but I don't know all do it's
something going on today they'll come through can't you feel it can't you smell it there's something in
the year I smell something mm-hmm that's Chris oh no I tried change your pants man change your
pants too many ass outages for how much food going through that you know I don't have the problems
that you have Carnegie deli now I know I was in WS news back when that place was really popular
and I'm sure that they must have brought us food this has been going on for a long time this is
the only place now that I got the studio in my apartment here this is the only place I've ever
been safe from the garage of all the incoming food and of course having no willpower I've never
been able to resist anyway I mean I would do was like just just a non-stop garage it was insane
it was like a food orgy every day and Zeta by not a clock in the morning we'd have eaten three meals
already in Zeta pizza cheeseburgers there was a place and again here we go with this again I have
no idea what it was where they opened real early just special for us and make these incredible
cheeseburgers and bring them to the studio at Zeta oh okay yeah no not just all for me for
Capri to end the bird your friend the bird he enjoyed himself he had a good time on it show
what I'm acknowledging what you said he didn't enjoy himself and I would be because I was
talking about the cubs or something he wasn't interested in he would put his head on the
key in the world and he blew it was getting paid 50 grand a year to eat free food and
pack of course in a while and just keep his mouth shut most of the time he could do it and now he's
dead from it it's after one at five sixty WQM Niels hat price deals continue to be the head of
the town speaking of great food every week we don't have another offer for you with more happy
near Rogers listeners and starting a new tomorrow you'll be able to buy a fifty dollars
certificates for just twenty five bucks to the downtowners saloon a four-lotter day of landmark
and one of the great last one of the last great local restaurants downtown like I just said
with waterfront dining on the new river this family friendly restaurant saloon has got a local
friendly atmosphere an awesome chef specials including a raw bar and a fantastic all you can
eat Sunday brunch as well as all you can eat cram legs on Sunday nights try the best seafood
around including crab cakes fresh grouper and seared tuna or try the awesome roasted prime river
the ribeye the downtown is a great place to watch your favorite teams during March madness on
their high death big screens two for one drinks Monday through Friday and live entertainment Wednesday
through Saturday and our thanks to yours truly will be able to buy fifty dollars certificates
for just half price twenty five bucks tomorrow at the noon opens at noon tomorrow at WQM dot com
but don't forget like Tommy always tells us act fast because once they're gone they're just gone
biggest name the best out of Tito is no Rogers squirtering the five sixty QAM
the fourth leader have the vision pays off how old I'm Tommy from Tai Tommy saying for the best
high food and the best service as long as you're not black come on down to Tito me yourself
bitch we know like black people they don't keep well besides white black people are too
expensive anyway we're not have fried chicken on the menu always I forget we have spare ribs
luching I talk what are the words on menu it's a battle so if you're not black come on down to
come to think of it those damn gay people we know like them either should they keep food but they
talk too loud with funny lists the stuff other customers no come back so no gay no black and while
we added laddie people you make reservation for seven fifteen don't show up at eight twenty and
expect you table we give to somebody else already like them people always late no black no gay no
time and Jewish people you start figuring all of bill who care who have what pay with an
goal set outside take forty five minutes trying to divide up bill we know what you hear no
Jew no black no fact no Cuban and white people you think you better than everybody else come
plain too much if we don't keep your ass you'll come back no white no black no Jew no Latinos no
everybody else for the best high food come on down to tight on me on the beach hurry before we have
to close once seventeen if I wonder if they ever did close tight on me think we know I thought they
did I care I don't know no I don't think so I think they're still I still doing their thing
whatever the thing is I did Google Carnegie deli for Lauderdale and I was just reading the
crits screw up on my computer I say that when you huh all the time it freezes up what what does
that happen because it's something you want to do can you give me a serious answer for once in
your life no you guys are supposed to be the computer expert I I'm telling you it's Murphy's law
of computers you want to do it it's gonna blow up just freezes up your computer and you have to
like do all kinds of a stand on your head to get the dancing back to a fox fire fire fire fox fire
anyway and it was an article about four Lauderdale working harder than any other city in the U.S.
to the spirit spring breakers and Nikki Grossman was going on with her big fat mouth
oh yeah it's wonderful we had to work very hard but we finally got all those punts out of here
all the punks and drunks and MMA right
406 votes on Chris's bullies got 42 minutes to get 44 votes I think anybody I think even
Stevie Wonder could do that no two yes indeed
so I can't find too much about the while the Carnegie deli is still in New York I'm sure and the
people saw a photo had a chance to have a really and they didn't want it they said here's a great
deli from New York it's just like you still love it they don't mind we don't mind if it's good
they don't want that's why I wish the best elective is new famous kosher deli whatever it is
and having sure because if it's really great now I would imagine in that area that it would be
when you I imagine and I bet it is I imagine they do a hell of a business man area where
remember that's all by county frances where the Jews are right Chris there aren't too many Jews
left in South Florida they've been pushed out by your people they've been shoveled up the
bokeh if you call that South Florida see to me bokeh is like I mean I only have listeners
and bokeh like chicken it where the glam are
the boys are in the tea room at Westland if Jose Conceco was seeking revenge he founded rights
Terry Thompson Christian Red and Michael O'Keefe in the New York Daily News oh man wow I'm
gagging on it Conceco says he was nice enough to educate Alex Rodriguez about steroids and even
introduced him to a friendly steroids dealer in the late 1990s but that A.R.A.R.R. return the favor
by trying to bet his wife the former Bashbrother alleges in his new book vindicated big names big
liars and the battle to save baseball whenever his motivation can and of course this morning a DA
who was on for Joe was just wailing about this well A.R.R.R.R.R. don't need his wife he doesn't
need sloppy second he must have said that 400 times he was very very upset about that the A.R.R.R.
can we out again tonight for nine to midnight I was the beast I was the actually did they roll
them out of that I was on and he was on and he was on can't you be I didn't listen then how do
you know he was on for sure because I was driving around about 10 30 head home radio happened to be on
I was like I'll have it around when you win it I spent a year in and my radio hungry on a five six
years like oh hey the beast is on and then I put a CD on that is so smart as I'm moved
with some chili peppers though you know whatever his motivation can say go right he's confident the
Yankee star in three time MVP you steroids I did everything but inject the guy myself can Succo
can Succo says he introduced a future Yankee to a trainer named Max and every 10 day we're in
the locker room you know what he used to say push the button I said Jack lemon oh now who do you
think was Keenan win yeah who's also in that movie no no he was a fan of steroids he had
connections with local suppliers can say go right Max later called can say go to thank him for
the reference he said a rod it signed on can say go right I didn't ask for specifics
Consequo claims Rodriguez paid him back by ogling his then white Jessica
Consequo and Rodriguez are working out a Consequo's Florida home when Payrod made his admiration obvious
the first day he was there my then white Jessica joined us in the gym and a rod's eyes bugged
right out of his head Consequo wrote man your wife is the most beautiful one I've ever seen Payrod said
later Consequo added Rodriguez began calling Jessica on her cell phone I'm not a jealous man he says
but I can see that Payrod a bachelor at that time was Jonesing from my wife
Consequo's book and Skidzel be released on Tuesday and I want to say to him that I was yesterday
Oh next Tuesday but publisher Simon and Tuesday started shipping copies this week the
New York Daily News obtained a copy yesterday after online columnist Joe Levin first report on
the contents of the book Rodriguez didn't join Yankee's winner Haven Tuesday for the game with
the engines but as you left legends feel and travel is asked about the book he told the AP I have
absolutely no reaction absolutely asked about the portion pertaining Consequo's ex-wife
Rodriguez said I don't know how to answer that reached by phone Consequo's team myth that his
book would be available a week early I can't give a comment on till Simon and Tuesday's okay
is it so we're gonna have to wait Consequo also writes that he's not 100% sure that Roger Clemens
used steroids but he sure sounds like he is according to the books I saw Clemens would sometimes say
he was off to get a B12 shot a known synonym in club houses for steroids when a teammate
homework Clemens would say such things as man you must have had your juice this morning he's
talking about Apple use even when a television's most respected reporter is this thrown into the
mix Mike Wallace in 86 privately grilled Consequo about the benefits of steroids and human growth hormone
after interviewing Consequo in 2005 when the camera stopped rolling Wallace asked me if we could
talk off camera Consequo writes he kept me there for another hour clearly curious about steroids
he wondered how the steroids in human growth hormone might help him a man in his 80s
little longer healthier life he wanted to know everything well now Mike Wallace is on steroids
all right Consequo also writes that he injected maglio or donias of the tiger several times with
steroids earlier this year the times he ported a Consequo to keep ordonias out of the book
if ordonias invested five million dollars for a film that Consequo is producing sounds like a
higher price Consequo writes in the book that the times charges not two and he wasn't involved in
the documentary I met mags in 2001 when I was with the white socks Consequo writes when all was
said and done when mags had the information in the 80 told me he was in a few days later we went
in the back room in a clubhouse and I jabbed a needle into his butt oh he said that hurt you got
to get used to it I said oh he said kind of like the don't taste me guy oh Andy wouldn't that his name Andy
that was Andy from Western right were you so surprised Gator that that you remembered that
he wasn't even cute right exactly Consequo writes that he will bottom I'm going to tell you man
it's Steven straight in that movie wasn't in that movie again the covenant that's
that's got all my I'm going to tell you at any rate Consequo writes that he wanted to include his
suspicions about films in his first book juice but the publisher wouldn't let him according to
source close to the publishing house Harper Collins the names included net book were ones about which
Consequo had first hand knowledge of use oh Consequo writes a comment he made about Clemens to 60
minutes in the S.P.N. were mysteriously ended out of the reports Consequo began to think there was
some sort of conspiracy efforts specifically Roger Clemens was from Texas he went to play for the
Astro to be close to his family George W. Bush are former owner of the Texas Rangers baseball
theme is like Clemens are proud Texan Clemens is a personal friend of Boinion and his wife Barbara
with her Marty Feldman eyes Clemens still has a standing invitation from Boinion to visit the
White House anytime he wants getting the picture maybe the president of the U.S. or his daddy the
X-Preson made some calls and took care of things for old Roger says Jose Clemens attorney Rusty
Hart and Clemens spokesman Joe Household didn't return calls he can comment but Clemens gets
Higley treatment of the book and per day Rod can say go in one chapter by saying so a Rod if
you're reading this book and I'm not getting through the let's get clear I want thing I hate your
blanking guts well how do you like that I hate your effing guts pay Rod that's what soze can suck
us yeah woo heavy duty so what do you think Jose can suck or Pete Rose the figures come back
Chris I'll go to say come you think Chris is the bigger uh yes I do he's the best
kind of thing
well a couple years ago I made some money I didn't pay taxes on the government's got plenty of money
they don't need your taxes dramatically higher taxes it's tax rate my grades and I know why
the headaches always come around tax time keep that and I gotta fill in the lines and get it in
on time oh I know tax forms of a pain to think and fill in the mouth man it really stinks I'm
doing all this so they can take but pay yes they can't cap away it's so unreal but a fact you know I'm
in a matrix of pencils and numbers and no spots have my receipts long ago how I'll ever get to this
I just don't know as we love and cry even though I try and it all fell apart right from the start
what it means to me it just means to read equal fantasy try so hard and then get far
this is the end someone who fits this matter pay to go to step girl in the end there will
be better in your tax time coming up the burden of taxes has shifted from the wealthy to the
middle class that sucks clear it is hello there is there is bozo man 132 560 WK don't forget to
do I George this Friday speaking of plunging your guts off a gallstream from 10 to 2 come
by for great horse racing played a little bit of poker maybe hit the slots for big money like
that the lady of one or one point one million plus in dressing great food and very strong George
gets ready for the Florida Derby with his handicrapping I got to leave the noon on Friday so you're
on your own I got an expert we're going to have a hopefully we're going to try to get it lined up
a nice lady that will give us a nice handicap he's nice lady and George is trying to he's
trying to line up a nice lady for the golf team show or act out of the golf team several nice ladies
right yeah okay whatever good luck to him thank you Mike Lupica writes in the New York Daily news
I thought Mike Lupica only wrote about sports Chris okay all the way does any I know he likes
the Rothport a lot but I guess all we just made sure Roger Clemens in the story so I guess
that makes it kosher the headline on the story governor Patterson and Hillary Clinton need to stop
telling stories it goes one in two ways for David Patterson another politician out in New York
who doesn't know when to shut up any more than swirly Clinton does here's one Patterson continues
to give us way more information about his past and any of us ever needed and they run him out of
all but he's faster than his predecessor and working girls on hotel rooms the other is that he
stops giving interviews now stop acting as as if that's his day job and begins to show if he
actually is seen chops if he has the chops for a job he clearly never expected to have a
near as when he was in the words of late grade Warren Zevan making out like Charlie Sheen
if Patterson can manage that an old Albany boss named Joe Bruno I end ends up acting governor
for a few months then Mike Bloomberg gets a special election he wants in the fall and Bloomberg
essentially succeeds one kind of frisky crusader spitzer the way he did when he succeeded another
frisky crusader Rudy Giuliani to become the mayor of New York Bloomberg says he's not interested
in being governor generally with him when he says one thing about his political ambitions it's
show it all down and bet the other way so that's one scenario for Patterson one that takes him across
clown line forever the other is that he really does learn how to stop acting as if he's talking
to doctor Phil instead to us because up to now the only thing David Patterson hasn't told us
is that he had a dog sniper firing his way to his next girlfriend Patterson apparently
expected to request to start singing happy days are here again because he's the governor
who didn't have to pay for it even as college kids start to think hanging with him would be a lot
more fun on spring break than going to Florida Patterson is a progressive and decent guy
sent him in Richard Brodsky someone who knows Patterson from Albany was saying yesterday but he
needs to understand that the political climate in this country right now the whole president's
elections about character if there's one message that the American people are sending it's that
we all ought to be listening Brodsky Hillary Clinton's supporter was asked if that includes the US
senator from New York as well as the new governor of the state it means all of us he said
but both the governor of New York and the senator from New York had called out on character now
in judgment why because neither knows when to zip zip it that's why Patterson keeps telling us all
about the women he said send up a flare if you think there aren't more to come and his delta
house passed in Hillary Clinton talks herself into a world of trouble by making a trip to Bosnia
in 1996 sound as if we're seen out of black off down when it wasn't anything of the kind
what's this facts oh I see it's about a deli this is what senator Clinton said last week in
the speech referencing the trip to Bosnia and remind another example of her former careers in
international troubleshooter remember landing under sniper fire there was supposed to be some kind
of greeting at the airport but instead we just ran with our heads down to get to vehicles to get
into vehicles to go to our base that was last week on Monday here's where Clinton said when I
asked about the trip to Bosnia that communist will bunch of they filled off your daily news we had
to have our bulletproof stuff on because of the threat of sniper fire I was also told that the
greeting ceremony would move away from the tarmac but there was this eight-year-old girl and I
I can't rush by her I've got to release greet her so I greeted her I took her stuff and then I left
now that's my recollection of it when pressed on the issue of her credibility by a bunch she
continued I think that a minor blip you know if some if I said something like that you know I say
a lot of things millions of words a day so if I miss more than this spoke that was a mistake
when she talks about how she misspoke and this statement she starts to sound like Roger Clemens
knows she means exactly what she said originally there was a story that she thought she could get
by with and a campaign built on this welfare of a notion that she was practically co-president
of the U.S. ones you can only imagine the hysterical reaction from her spokesman howling Wilson if
Obama's version of something was this far from the truth she originally talked about being worried
about sniper fire running for cover will but I'd say yesterday then you look at the footage and
there's your daughter Chelsea standing right there next right next to her the mea's kite while both of
is it why the new governor of New York looks more honest when talking about women on the side
than women running for president looks talking about a trip abroad yesterday Clinton was still
answering questions about Bosnia even if she desperately wanted to change the subject back to Barack
Obama's pastor saying again she misspoke and then adding this I'm a human in which you know
is for some people a revelation not so much says my clupe are you there right here okay I
thought I lost you oh here you are you didn't want to hear it because it's by my clupe who
usually talks about sports he didn't mention Roger Clemens okay either way that was good
and what's even better is we got enough votes on there we got what 432
I bet if I refresh it we got more than 433 woo they're pouring in by the ones man we need only 17
votes to get that 450 and you got 23 minutes to do it hold it. Puerto Rican Ralph says I last time in
New York City either the Carnegie deli at 57th Street I was greeted by the owner who was a big fat
Jew then we had a nice bowl of Jewish penicillin and then we had pastrami on the table they had pickles
and coleslaw so the one here if it's closed they're missing the best in the world also it says
the reservations for Vancouver been made air for hotel oh good deal good deal you want to go to a
really great hotel by the way in Vancouver certain places my recommendation route right downtown
right to middle of things it's a beautiful I don't remember if it's that expensive but you like it
so have a good time in Vancouver Ralph and thanks for the Carnegie deli yeah we had it and it's gone
and once it's gone they don't come back it's gone you know what's that yep like the famous thing
now another famous may have absolutely nothing to do with the original of famous because this one's
called famous kosher deli but I have a feeling they're you know playing on the name because it's
I think the third or fourth time they brought back a famous deli and I'm going to give it a
try if it's as good as the one on Miami Beach man I'm going to rave about it even if they don't
buy any spots I'll rave about it until the cows come home see once about a time I would discover
a food product or a restaurant or something really good and I go on the air and I'd rave about it
and then before you know we'd be doing spots for them they become a sponsor you know like the way
we're selling the radio you'll be happy no Pete Lenny came in and to get the name of that place
and he's gonna go call on them there you go a real real professional zoo I mean salesman
Pete Lenny good for him even though he isn't asked his sir but you know he knows what he knows
what it takes to survive in his doggy dog world dog he's a hustler he hustles he does he
goes out there and he makes calls you know as a plan as opposed to some of the people like Brian
Schmutz who come back from oblivion wherever the hell he went to and they blow away whatever spots
we had on the air it's just amazing I could write a chapter in a book the book you keep telling me
I'm gonna write a chapter just about the sales department and how they've destroyed everything
it took me 32 years to build up it's just amazing to me astonishing shocking
and of course keep in mind we don't we don't really get to hear the story behind the story you know
what I mean mm-hmm like the story with Pony Thiel we don't know what really went on there that
pissed him off so bad which he keeps telling us it's the sales department 434 votes you need 16

Oh mama, mama, the before you go to your duty mama
We just still be around and go film a using interview
Never come all out, mama
You saw a candy date, first mama
Get out of the boat, those real love-o, mama
Your careless name sounds just like a summer
Oh mama, mama
Should we get rich, we love your wife's food, do you?
She ain't got the thing or the way the ones you done your aunt
Let's party in the democratic party
And the way you make the species make the girls feel locked in
Do do do do, that would be a duty
Keep the dog a chance on a washing till the end
Those chickens, you and me, chicken
And the way you can't replace that with public ends
We ain't no mama, you be guilty
Oh mama, mama, the before you go to your duty mama
We just still be around and go film a using interview
Never come all out, mama
You saw a candy date, first mama
Get out of the boat, those real love-o, mama
Don't care his name sounds just like a summer
Oh mama, mama
I'm 46 and 560 WKM, we got jerks back now for another
Gettin' it's ready for another heat loss
I'm in games they got love, hopefully not too many
What about Tanner, so far?
Oh, too many, way too many, I would say 10 do many
Anyway, Sean the a pull guy from Hollywood says despite the potential actor effect
I seriously stumbled upon the best way to make a stake
Granger's stake to medium rear, slap it on the cutting board and slice it up
Stir fry it for 90 seconds in butter
Salt pepper and maybe some garlic, serve on a TV tray in the bathroom
That's cute
What a...
He says the butter really does it in more ways than one
Stake butter, salt and pepper garlic
One to two tablespoons of steak
Why see, he's got the amount of each ingredient
And he says two each medium depends on the diapers
They have five game flutton
No, that's, see, I totally didn't, it was way too many
PS, please mention time location of Georgia's next appearance
You think I need to do that again?
Georgia via Gulfstream Friday, 10 to 2
Now where exactly are you going to be hanging it out at Gulfstream?
It's in the same place, the finish line, casino right there, it's in the middle, very hard to miss
It's hard to miss, Sean
Kind of the ground floor
Right next to the... what do they call it?
Where they parade the whole shion
No, where they parade the way
Oh, are you a ring?
Walking ring?
Yeah, like the... not the promenade, not the...
It starts with the...
Walking ring
It starts with a P
It starts with a P
Yeah
I want to say promenade but I'm sure that's not it
The paddock, something like that
The paddock, yeah, there we go
Right there, right there next to that
Who does have probably the best early speed
of the speeds in here today and she's coming up from Gulfstream Park
See how do you like that?
Is that a homeowner or what?
Woo, heavy duty
It's the third race of equinox him in its way
And if Sean shows up he can be part of our
betting seminar class that we're going to take there at 1 o'clock
How do you know he knows anything about betting?
It's for people that don't know anything
I see
It's going to get that girl to take us by the hand
Gently, I hope
And walk us through the bus
Well, my way at least got pounded by Boston six two last night
We'll lose in Boston again tomorrow night
They're done
Panthers are done
It's better that last spot
We have, we'll take the money though, thank you
Hillary Clinton, Tuesday, we vived the route
over fiery racial rhetoric by democratic
Fobarak Obama's former pastor
As she tried to dodge that storm over her
Overblown account of the 96 trip to Bosnia
With a White House race again
Consumed by bitterness
The New York Center said she would have left the church
Had her pastor come out with a march like those of
Reverend Jeremiah Wright
The Obama campaign accused her trying to deflect from her own embarrassment
After she admitted that her claims that she dodged sniper
Fired during the Bosnia trip as first lady
Were untwool
How come they keep using all these
They're lie
That's all lie
L.I.E.
Okay, not a misstatement
Not untwool, a freaking lie
I made a mistake that happens
It proves I'm human
Which for some people's revelation
She said is the controversy
Raged, distracting from her claims of high level
Foreign policy experience
In addition to which what if the story was true
What if she did have to dodge sniper fart
What does that have to do with foreign policy experience
You know what I'm saying?
She wrote on a jet
You know she'd been to foreign places
And what about the pilot? How come he can't be president
Then good at the pirate?
Are
She used that same news conference in Pennsylvania
To pointedly discuss Wright who after
We could choosing not to comment on the issue
I think even all we've seen and heard
He would not have been my pastor
Flynn said
We don't have a choice when it comes to our relatives
We do have a choice when it comes to our pastors
And the church we attend
The fewer prompted Obama to give a landmark speech
On racial reconciliation last week
Which appeared to quiet the storm
But Republican commentators denounced him
For refusing to disown Wright
And the drama
Which some analysts could say could hurt Obama
With the drama
With working class wide voters
Looks set to be a general election issue
If he wins an nomination
Obama spoke to him in Bill Burton
Accused to a worry of bringing up race row
The race row to cloud her own embarrassment
After originally refusing to play politics with this issue
It's disappointing to see
Swellery's campaign sink to this low
And a transparent effort
To distract attention away from the story she made up about
Dodging sniper fire in Bosnia he said
The truth is Barack Obama has already spoken out against his pastor's offensive comments
And addressed the issue of race in America
With a deeply personal
And uncommonly honest speech
How do you like that?
Every time he makes a mistake
Or somebody makes a mistake in the word
She just falls in a puddle of mud
Her attempts to chase down former Obama
More complicated by the Bosnian snap
Which arrivals aids her frame does an example of her dishonesty
And her overstating is for her foreign policy experience
It's been a very long campaign
The laughing cleanse and interview with Pittsburgh Radio Station KDK
I didn't misspeak the other day
Right
Lire
Obama is quickly pointed release for the recasement stretching back to December
When she recalled coming under fire
When she landed at Tuzla Air Base on March 25th 1996
She's got this habit of misspeaking
In other words, she's got Greg Reed syndrome
She lies a lot
She lies like a trooper man like a champ
Don't let me forget to give away that thing tomorrow
All right
That meal
That's significant
Put the reminder right here on the
443 Chris is knocking on heaven's door now
Knocked on the edge
450 we got it already how do you like that I
I didn't
Refreshed it
And it came 450
That was a great line by Sean on there
Yeah
About to the pins
He did on a TV tray in the bathroom
Where our gold steam takes most of the meals I understand
Why do you say that because we have a bit of him doing just that
Oh, we can't play that no are you crazy art of dumping where he's got a TV tray in the bathroom
Yeah, right
Well, when you're that fat you have to have food with you all the time
You're looking for the glory holes for L
I just every time I think about him it just brings a tear to my eye
Because in spite of all his bombacity and all of his um
You know not knowing where to draw the line and just being over the age all the time
He really is a sweet guy
He's here he means well. Yes, he is
He means well, but you know
so did uh
Genghis Khan no he didn't
During by 80 Cobb in the fourth race of the anchors remember 80 Cobb no
Uh
What do you know about how about corn? I do I remember corn and I do like that Indian corn man
Now is that is there really such a thing or is that just the way you cook it maze what is maze corn? Willy corn
But it means it just any old kind of corn is not maze. That's another word for corn. It is yes. Get out of here
I thought maze was like with different colored the kernels. No
And was the kernel colored it depends on which kernel you're talking about the one with the chicken
Okay, that's colored white very white
450 votes on a pool. Here's the deal
Which part of the newspaper do you always read? I don't read newspapers 90 20% don't read newspapers
And of course if software to have one they might
Sports 681 local 73 front page 44 editorial page 43 comics 36
Binis 18 obituary 16 cross repuzzle 12 coupons 9 national news and eight
World news six horoscope five the ads three
Classified's three
Dear Abby two and state news
Solamente uno who cares what them Yahoo's are doing
His name
No
Thanks for it later
