Mill Rogers is coming up next. It's 10 o'clock. Have a great day everybody
The views expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and collars and you not reflect those of the busy broadcasts
Oh the down is making a big comeback today
Because it's working. It's coming happy new year
Happy new year
Downs up 193 points. Dr. Sight. Yes, that's because they're anticipating the big deal. Yeah, let's make it
Will you deal? Yeah, the real deal that we give away our all our money
560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger show
George didn't get his bonus yet on the five second vote for Christy's
His dirty own running damn other calories cold toll free. Let's go on the price pack
There's 85 Neil or pound five
He's on your 18th day and four eyes and wireless phones the opinion expressed by Neil his guests or his colleagues
Do not riffle
We my KAM and staff or sponsors now the Neil Roger show today's
30 WQAM I like peace and quiet and I don't need to listen to Barney Fag
Party Frank ranging in my ear because I've made a few bucks off a book. I work down
Star market is down
Oh
Well my broker's calling and he's telling me the market's falling now
We stand by his window calling come and jump with me
My starts are fading even though I've done some heavy trading
To hit the pavement I'm in here some hating coming jump with me
Mark it's crashing my life is lashes before my very eyes
Stocks on the bus then I'm jumping hope they have a coffin just
Oh
Why family I will be stranded come and jump with me. Oh just to last a thousand six me
Air is making a little bit of a comeback. It's a fine opportunity
Well, I buy buy buy my skin piece up 29 next except 41 and a half
I'm gonna keep my eye peeled on this crap all day long to the
Bye, bye, bye. What the hell was that bye? Bye? Bye? Oh, I see. That's right. It's a buying opportunity
Scared to hell because I hit a button there and all of a sudden that thing fired off scared me
I scared
Well, you know something there are some people that just don't get it
But it's Russia show us so naturally even though the world is allegedly coming to an end as we used to know it
Well, we got to put on the Yamaha and go drink some wine and Baruch at all to know it all this other crap
There's Barney Fag and then the Diane Feinstein and Russ Feingold those are the only three
Jewish members of Congress I can think of at the moment
Can you think of any other ones? Nope
Arlen Spector is he Jewish he must be what a horrible thought oh and of course Jew Lieberman. I forgot about him
Trying maybe half a dozen
And all of a sudden well, it's a Russian son or it's the Jewish share holy day, you know
This is just a bunch of crap
In fact the one of the emails here this morning, they sure aren't a lot of them
There's a lot of crap under today, but nothing are useful
Sam says no religion type of holidays worth another trillion dollar loss
I'll just relax Sam the markets are bouncing back nicely
An anticipation of the deal we're gonna make a deal on Thursday the wheel deal the wheel deal
That's right whatever happened to that goofball the wheel deal
Remember that yeah, sure, what do you think I keep saying that?
What wheel deal
Of course, we remember the Jewish segment of this Congress couldn't skip running around the house with the arm liquor for a day
We have the same mentality as the Middle East Rome is burning and we still must pray prayer and kosher dinner should be back seat to the problem
We're in kosher dinners or a vase mere
I feel like I'm going to the senator's houses bust in and rip the beanie off their heads right in the middle
They're happy meal and stomping on the ground then drag them to the Senate building get to work says Sam amen Sam amen
Don't be messing with jr. Okay, it's the it's the high-holiday holiday holy day
So bunch of crap like all the other holidays like all the other religious garbage
Monish tana halalahize as they say in Ethiopia
How's hailey salasi doing by the way?
Here's the poll from yesterday and some of these people I was I
Just knew this was gonna happen
I'll find it in my stack of email they're ain't that many of them
Oh, that's right. We got to do what I give them the result of the poll that we ended yesterday well
We'll get to that
Here it is
Here it is once again showing these people just don't understand it the poll question is the one we did
Are doing now who is or was the greatest play-by-play sportscaster of all time and let me tell you people sure don't know your sports casters
That's because most of you have been sheltered I guess in South Florida for too long or maybe never got out
And Paul sends me an email yesterday saying Neil you left out Howard Cosell and jack buck. I'll admit. I thought about
Omitting jack buck yesterday
Jack buck was great. He was a voice of the Rochester Red Wings before he went to the state movies cardinals
He was good. He was great. He's dead
Joe buck is his son just like what's his name is the son of a bitch
What's his name what's his name? I don't know
But Howard Cosell was a play-by-play broadcaster
He did boxing. I know that but that's blow-by-blow and I played by play that's that's the different horse of a different color
Calling a boxing match
Down goes phrasia down goes phrasia remember that no no
I bet you I bet you frat chris has heard that I've heard it. Yeah down goes phrasia
He was good at that, but he wasn't a play-by-play guy
He was a commentator
He was a commentator don't you omit people understand the difference between the color guy or a commentator or a
Carmage or whatever the hell he was Howard Cosell. He wasn't a play-by-play man. Jesus God Paul
You come up with a decent pull that somebody actually might like and right away well
We don't understand and you left out this wooden that way. Yeah screw you screw you
Like I said yesterday so many dumb people walking around on the loose
And
Then I went to wood mine last night and won twenty three hundred dollars
Aren't you proud of me as perch the way the economy is right now, man
You can't win too much at your local race. You know
You can't win too much and especially here where they don't tax any of it
Got me a good machine mine gave me five hundred twice and then it gave me three hundred on the line and it gave me a
1500 on the line 1500
I think I'm going to spend the whole show from now on talking about my exploits at wood mine tonne
I'm going to start writing down every pull every play
Nice that five times five times triple bar 1500 beans and they paid me my money and I arrived flew out of there
I put on my wings and I flew out
I raced to my beautiful Corvette and zip-to-m
Anyway, here was the pull that we interrupted who who do you think I won the first presidential debate
186 votes Obama 599 55.1 percent it was a draw
17.2 percent didn't watch it 142
McCain 94 8.6 percent for old insane McCain
Who did a hell of a job?
I wanted to suspend his campaign old insane McCain and call off the debate tried to weasel out of it
Because he had a rush back to Washington to save the bailout deal well
As you did a hell of a job with his Republican colleagues in the house didn't he not
He just keeps shooting himself in a foot
Old insane McCain and it's already Tuesday. We're getting closer and closer to the Thursday night
How about you even George is going to watch that maybe although I might be out
And don't care 64
Then don't care about the debate. They don't care about anything 64 5.8 percent
Okay, now let's get to the day's pull. Let me let me read it again. Okay. I'm not making any additions
It's a little bit late for that wouldn't you think I think yeah
How many votes we got on their Chris?
654
Six six what happened to Chris six six one six six one
Whoo
Well, I printed it out one of six 40 so I'll be a little bit behind the time too bad and like I said people of South Florida
They just they don't get it either too sheltered or just have bad taste
I bet you they sell a lot of an Eli screen in South Florida lots and lots maybe also butter per can
I mean who the hell eats butter per can ice cream
No, it's tasteless. Tasted you eat that. I said. I don't know. I don't think I've ever seen it
Get out of here. You've never seen butter per can ice cream. I'm like in the store and stuff like that
But I don't want to give you a bonus. Oh, no, I got it. I got it. I was paid last month
But since I never get my stuff. I have no way of knowing that
I beg you pardon you already got your bonus. Yes. I want to do that. Jenny. I asked Jenny
You already got it right
So so this is just like what you did with Treasure Island. You're trying to double them. Yeah
That's exactly right. I think fat boy had a point. That's it. There you go. Exactly. I think fat fart had a point
Although actually this award begins with if I usually call him but can't say it fat fart
Fat F nothing spells worse than a fat fart. Oh, yeah
Trust me although this morning
I don't want to go into your
Bowls listen save it for Ethan Skolnik. Okay, save that save that for a bulk camper. It's good. Spelking
That's his speciality is Ethan Skolnik's volumovance and how bad they smell and how he was at Ethan's house
It's like a little fag fraternity man. This fag sports fraternity. They all hang out together and talk the same crap
The same endless swill
How about those fish? How about those fish?
Who is or was the greatest play by play sportscaster of all time
Keith Jackson is winning which just astonishes me that is so grotesque
94 for Keith Jackson
We didn't ask you who's been on the longaster who's the oldest and most sena we didn't ask you that we asked you who's the greatest
I wouldn't even call Keith Jackson great much less the greatest of all time. He he was okay
He had that cornpone
Effectance, you know that whole deal is
Al Michael 77
Kurt Gaudi 64 Harry carry 63 he got my vote
And I'm sure George would have voted for Harry too. I did
Did you I did well?
Holy cow. They don't come any better the Neil robber for a completely different reasons obviously
Oh and Brandon says butter pecans sells like vanilla. I know. That's why I said it. What do you think I said it for?
People with no taste. That's what they eat vanilla or butter pecans
Harry carry 63 male Allen 53 male israel was his name and the rumors were that he was
Gay
Vince cally 50 Marv halberd 45 Pat summer all 34 and
Inventory Adam and you know Pat was the master of understatement, but when he did that uh, I just I'm sorry
Not good pat but pat was already seen out by that point
Rick Weaver 32 Bob Prince 22. He should have got a lot more votes than that
He should be way up there near the top in fact. Oh my god. Keith Jackson. He couldn't lick Bob Prince's ass. Are you kidding me?
Red barber 19 Dan Kelly 14
That rookie that he was good Dan Kelly his son sucks
The older one John Kelly just the worst
That rookie skip carry 13 foster he would 10
Ernie how well nine to Kenbergate Danny Galavan 7 with a cannonate you save
He was constipated Danny Galavan Montreal Johnny most six we was rod John Miller for van Patrick for
Who hated those Philadelphia Eagles? You know van Patrick
There was a middle line backer for the Detroit Lions named Joe Schmidt
Was a hell of a player
But
Van Patrick was like obsessed with Joe Schmidt and he would call him making tackles when Joe Schmidt wasn't even on the field when he was on the sideline and be you know
Joe Schmidt
One thing about van Patrick he really knew his Schmidt Rick Generat 3 now. How come he's only got three. I mean you kidding me
Joe Bowen 3
See the hockey announces don't have any because South Florida's a hockey wasteland. They don't know from hockey
Fred Qsick to bill you would only two my god Bob Cole one old man cool
There's shoving his ass out van Miller one and Jack Quinlan didn't have any now that that's you know something
There's something really really rotten
Jack Quinlan was better. He was a mid in times better than it
Jack asked Jack Burke House. He was horrible
Hey, hey, hey, he was he was the worst Jack Burke House and Jack Quinlan was better than Harry Carey
But he got he was 38 years old
He was at spring training in Arizona with the Cubs and he was like walking across the street and got hit by a car and killed at 38
A little bit too young to get killed. Don't you think?
Jack Quinlan. He has no votes. This is an infomnie
This is disgusting
Action my best effort in the game
60 QAM
No person of this pebble. I think the economic city if you're messing we're gonna like run all spots all day from all
Incorporated to it you're a bastard
Don't or a holler any takers no
Really has got to be
Republican woman
Looking hot to be free
She likes the hunt she likes the fish
She's not a lovely tree hugging which I know it but we're just me insane now
I'm gonna vote for John McCain. Yes woman
Oh, great selection. Jack Quinlan got a vote. Republican woman
When's my election
Republican woman
You're no plain Jane
Republican woman
Got beauty and praise
When I saw you I thought what a milk now I'm not gonna be a kill
So say you're not experienced
You're a cure for impotence
You give us that sexy gaze cause it more than funds to raise hot woman
Of Geo free
Republican woman
You're my best to see
Don't
1018 at 560 wqa. I'm happy Tuesday to it. Here's our award-winning lineup on QA
I'm a two o'clock. We got the big oh rock solid
4 to 7 we got the mad dog at chula steak 2 7 to 8 we got that 2 now dolphins tonight
Which is just absolutely radio swill it's a swill show and then 8 to 11 the DA show
Which you might not like his show, but go to his website. He's got a lot of hot chicks on there
Mostly almost naked. Do you look at it?
No, it's not well. Why not?
Well, you are hard to get your bonus by the way. Don't be giving us this song today
Man, you get my bonus all right, and he's got me looking up on Arbor Tron
What was the date that the damn spring book came out and I'm oh
Since I don't get my pay stubs you don't keep your stuff away of knowing that I gotta stuff do you heard about that
Here's a guy named Paul who's becoming ultra chronic
Let me read these in reverse order because the first one is just absolutely you know when you're wrong
Admit it when you make a mistake Paul admit it and now let me read this one first
Howard co-cell did Monday night football for years play by play well guess what Paul
He never did play by play Frank Gifford did the play by play along with the color guys
Which was dandy Don Meredith and Howard co-cell
I guess Paul don't understand play by play that's a guy that calls the game. What's going on in the game?
That's the play by play guy Paul mr. mr. Jock Sniffer
For a station that's supposed to be here's the play by play I fall off and I think for the guy to play by play
We'll all find a game here where this play by play
There's Bob Paul who just turned a hundred and five years old on the cvc leaves in Carolina nothing could be finer than to lose to Carolina
And the Leafs won in a shootout last night an exhibition this game at the scare Canada Center and they did play better in the third period
See there you go. There's that boring coach Ron Wilson. Oh my god. He's just coma inducing
So anyway Paul you're wrong. Why'd you just admit?
Send me a call say you're right. I'm wrong
Instead of being a hard ass and then his other he follows that up with driving homeless not I heard marv Albert calling me
Monday and football game. What a true professional. Yes
I was then comparing him to Jimmy Cifilis and the other two Jock Sniffer's
You know comparing marv Albert with Jimmy Cifilis is like comparing a fine
Surloin steak with a with a pound and a half of elephant crap
God
I use the term compare lightly good
Listening to Jimmy's raspy straining voices painful to my ears as for Mad Dog and Joe Mad Dog's okay
But between the three of them you can smell the venge and real cream coming through the radio the bend gay
It occurred to me you really do suffer with WQM's mismanagement if they could continue to use these three who all struggle with English language
Say what you want about Moe and his checkered pants and pizza stealing ways he was ten times the broadcaster
Jimmy Cifilis thinks he is no Moe wasn't ten times the broadcaster
He was a thousand times the sportscaster they play by play
And in his more co-heat co-herit days when he actually knew who'd what the teams were and what the name of the players was he was pretty damn good
Moe not as a human being but as a play play by play
Hey Jimmy you fairy do us a favor and just walk away says you fairy Paul
Would it not be the biggest slap in the bald head the Moe if Jimmy and Joe were replaced by Steve Geldey Geldstein calling again
Love you and love the group
Love the group I guess that includes you guys. I guess so
Well the focus group
No, not the focus group George already got his bonus. Don't start crying for him. Okay
Now let's see how the markets are doing today. I want to keep you guys abreast. Remember yesterday
I looked at that thing after the a bailout bill got beaten the house
Yes, that holy crap the Dow is down 600 points the Toronto Stock Exchange dropped 840 points yesterday
oh my god, and of course the
The Dow the biggest single they drop ever dropped 777
Points in one day
Panic panic sitting in
Markovia. Thank God God bailed out by city group. Wacovia watch over your money
So this business of a Howard co-selfing and play by your wrong frank giford who was just horrible
But was an x-jock and used to look pretty good. I was married to that miserable bitch
He did play by play and I use the term very loosely
I'm Monday night football during that era during those days Paul
Howard co-cell did not do play by play on the radio on the TV on your xylophone anywhere else
So admit your wrong and quit trying to push a beat a dead horse
Fred says how about your e-thorn for the pool. Yeah, yeah, we could have been on there long with jack buck
You can't put them all on there right? How about honey mnush you can put them all on there
Well, I could put them all on there and you still wouldn't know who any of them were no that's right
How about wait hoi and the only reason I voted for Harry Carrey is because I actually spoke to him
You did on the phone several times hooking up interviews and things like that in the olden days
for you
Let's win
On the other hand on their beer
Oh, link how
Neil Rogers is right the cubs
sucked now where's the real Harry though? That's that guy who did the and Harry right real Harry hated that guy by the way
You know yeah, the in Chicago used to imitate him and sounded just like him and he did all that guy did all those drop-ins for us
Where's the real
That's very good and the cubs suck is also him
No, it's not it is the cubs suck no
Oh, yeah
That was choice drop there
For him not what he did that for us or for somebody right right
Right because he sure wasn't gonna say that on here although he did rip him and ask when they deserved it
Which was most of the time right
Fred says how about Gary Thorn for the poll what makes him greatest is ability to generate excitement when calling a wide variety of sports
Baseball hockey football he's done it all yeah, that's true
He's pretty good he could have been on there
But he's not and we're not ending in more names because in one of these days we're gonna be switching the poll over the other one
Whatever the other one is
Wait till you hear this speaking of people with bad taste now actually this is people with good taste. I like Wendy's
Wendy's customers will see new options on the company's frosty and burger heavy menu
Oh, I guess what I had for lunch yesterday Wendy's no Taco Bell no
So I get ahead well you're in your close
Not the food that the girl no mimekees okay
The Amos burger with bacon and she'll that one yeah on the pastry bun
You know what a pastry bun is no
I think that's what they call it
It's really good too bad you guys don't have it and they got lucky to special like I um
Yellow mayonnaise or something like that or some special kind of mouse-turd they put on their mana thing is good and onion
And let us into me to and as usual I ripped the lettuce off around the edges and just
Schmidt-candid too much lettuce
That crappy were giving me the other day, but oh iceberg lettuce. It's great. There's nothing great about lettuce. Let us sucks
Is that what I was saying
Anyway, the new CEO said Monday after was formally taken over by the owner of Arby's Arby's took over Wendy's oh my god
The 2.34 billion deal in the works for years adds Wendy's international of the stable holdings of
Triarch companies incorporated the company controlled by billionaire investor Nelson Peltz
A part-time Palm Beach resident no less
Roland Smith the new chief executive of Wendy's and former CEO of Triarch told the associated press a
Plants to rebrand the business the number three hamburger chain behind Mickey D's and Burger King to emphasize the freshness of its burgers
And we'll attempt to reinvigorate the menu with new products
We fully expect to be able to position Wendy's as they oh listen to this
We fully expect to be able to fully position Wendy's as the leader in quality food in the hamburger segment fully
As in full of Smith said Wendy's has fallen behind in part because customers have forgotten the chain sells the only hamburger
That's fresh not frozen. He says a new ad campaign will bring that message back to the peoples
I would hope he would start to re-be able to re-educate the consumer in very short order
The company plans to also improve its core item menus and offer better fries better buns and better bacon
No
Rogers
4.60 QAM
The fourth leader
The biggest names the best talent. It's the big dog Joe Rose weekday morning 7 a.m
Sports radio 5.60 QAM the sports
Neil God
He's John
Mickey
He's a strange little man knows how to survive kind of hunched at the shoulders dance five foot five
Trying to hold on to the republicans turb got a voice kind of sounds like a pompous murder. He's John
He's John
He's John
John McTain
He's John
Big John got the nod for candidate some folks said too little too late
When it came time to pick his VP chose a pretty young thing with an Eskimo hubby is John
He's John
He's John
John McKain
He's John
When her came Gustaf came to New Orleans you can bet John McCain was there on the scene if I'd not be able to raise his arms up high
But he can shoot down liberals with a gleam in his eyes John
Big
There's some that say he might not be Obama might have to leave that task to his hot VP mama one day years
So now by his great you can stand and read at the bottom of this grave
Lasawakey little man
He's John
John McKain
McK
Insane insane McCain 1033 and 560 WQM how those markets doing baby keep your eye peeled on that because everybody's real nervous man
They're all doing the green apple quickstep now is up 232 points. That's all you need to know
It's not continuing that precipitous slide from yesterday when it went down 770 7
As Eric Reed would say early weekend
So Paul who's a semi his 400th email of the morning already
At least he admitted he's full of crap
This from the American sportscasters Hall of Fame was somebody said we left off race got which I apologize
He belonged on here. He was a drunk
But he was the voice of the green bay packers for 100 years. I also think the Vikings are one maybe once upon a time
But certainly the packers he was a drunk race god
Harry was a drunk to his matter fact. Yeah, well, that's all right. They said a meme drunk really? Yeah
During his nearly 40 years in broadcast and late Howard co-sale did more to popularize television sports than any other sportscaster in this century
Mr. co-sale is probably best known for his 13 years of expert commentary on ABC's Emmy award winning Monday night football
expert commentary in
1977 he became a commentator on ABC's Monday night baseball
co-sale gained worldwide recognition and famous the voice of boxing including most of
Muhammad Ali's major bouts expert commentary Paul says you are right
I was wrong and I apologize for doubting you for becoming a chronic
Don't do it again Paul damn it
At least he finally you know a lot of and I noticed that for whatever reason
Maybe it's because yesterday was such a pressure day on the markets and everybody having nervous breakdown
But the negative to read people some of them are back today sending me hate like Edward really
You know these people who tell me how bad the show sucks, but they're there every day. Not only are they listening
But they're also emailing
Delete delete this I don't even read them as soon as I see who they're from I just delete
Mm-hmm because I know I can smell it right off the amount of the right and smell
Oh, that must be Edward and a couple of other ones and I don't read those on the air because
See the purpose of the show isn't for me to be a masochist right as much abuse and punishment from a holes
Hit as I possibly can't know. I know that surprises some of these people. Oh, we're gonna abuse you's you know screw you
So Tom jicka this was sent to me by the beast yesterday. He said not sure if you saw this. No, I did not
This is the Q&A thing I guess from jicka nice without any camp on a week
They drives without the acquired taste of Hank Goldberg on WQM have left a dearth of any intellect with and just playing fun on the radio
I guess this show we don't have any intellect with or just playing fun. How do you like that? Right?
DR whoever you are
Please tell me lie to me that some AM stations going to play the tariff and pick them up. I'm not forced to talk to my wife. Oh poor baby
Tom says both our personal friends of mine
But as a radio listener I missed them on year two especially ed's fried in that football handicrappers
Alastair's nothing going on with Ed
Hank just had his ESPN contract extended with additional assignments
Funny how people at the nation's most successful TV network artist smart as the genius who ran off hang from WQM
Which is now the markets number two sports station. That's what Tom says takes a shot
A little stucco there at your close personal buddy jolly joe fat as bell
Nice going Tommy
How do you like that a rat? Oh
And this article that I was going to read by um
Michael moriast day, but I didn't have time maybe I'll have time today because I'm sure it's all not taking any calls. Oh come on
Yeah, you think I'm going to go through that again
But it's called the ironic ironic repetition. Let's just put this on tape and just keep playing me say
Saying the same thing over and over again
Never again and then every time I try it because all the audience what I like the cold
Yeah, you know something you like vanilla ice cream too. You like butter pecan. I don't really care what they like
I've been doing this a long time and I know that the phone is dead. It's finished. It's a it's a useless instrument
It's like a used condom you throw it away. You don't try to use it again
I'm just telling you that's my that's my take
Yesterday did the the Reverend and the boyfriend
Passing cell phones back and forth calling on two or three different lines and then of course I'm your friend
I'm your friend and chamba derone morona grunovsky chamba
I'm the chamba guy
And let me say it again management of this radio station has let three or four
certifiably insane people take over the phone and they can have it like I said
I'll be more than happy to give them jolly joe's home number his cell phone number whatever
He gives your information out. Yeah, that's right. He sure as hell does he gave it to him
A vocamper my my cell phone number and then he gave this some anonymous list of my damn email my personal email address
Who could ever forget that and then he tries to turn it around and blame me. Oh only a crazy person would be so upset
No only an irresponsible person would be given out people's private information only someone totally
Manifestly irresponsible like fat ass jolly joe bell who has no respect for any of us who work in this damn place none
When the boss has no respect for you then you know you've got real problems
George, but you got your bonus. Yes, I did last mark. George got his bonus. All right
It's about time we had some good news boy. It is dank and murky here today. It's not looking good
It's fishy here today to rain overnight. It looks really murky. You know what I mean by murky right
gray and
nasty
Woo, let me take a look and see what the temperature is because I know cast iron over this can do oh, it's only a 61
And only going to make it to like 64 today not good
Starting to get to that time, you know pretty soon. There'll be like ice and snow and you'll be sending more of them
Cleats for my feet. I still have those sitting around here somewhere
Good. What are those things? What do you call? Yeah, I call them
Chains for your shoes steel belted steel belted radials
No, they're they're like rubber bands with steel coils around them so you don't slip and fall
Oh, I want to slip and fall do you sure
21 before 11 at 560 wqa. I'm the best deals on the most comfortable mattresses on earth are just one easy phone call away at
1-800 mattress now featuring the new
Seely posture penech lineup which eliminates tossing and turning by improving circulation to relieve 95% of your body's pressure points
In sleep studies Americans toss and turn up to 80 times per night
1-800 mattresses got no stores and that means lower overhead and they pass enormous savings on to you
1-800 mattresses south Florida's largest Seely dealer would same day delivery whenever you choose when it's convenient for you
8-am to 10-PM weekends holidays even on rusher shunner baby even on young kipper even on Ramadan
And of course all with the famous 1-800 mattress 30-day in home comfort trial
So just do what I've been doing for a very long time
What everybody at qm is doing call today or find the blue 1-800 mattress web banner at wqm.com and click it to chat instantly with an expert sleep consultant
You can ask questions get information even complete a sale
So call the one and only dial a mattress to go to their website the all new mattress calm
Here's that number 1-800 mattress
1-800 MATTR ES leave off the last S it stands for stew pendus sensational saving
The biggest name the best talent
You know it's no Roger sports radio 560 qam the fourth leader the biggest name the best talent
It's the mad dog Jim Man did afternoon sport a 7 sports radio 560 qam the sports leader
Howard David's a bitch
It looks đated their
And
And the gun
No.
When do family and the kids sing this song and the fact that you care they're more
You fell.
1044 at 560 WQ I am.
That was up 200 and some odd.
281, well almost 300 points.
How do you like that?
Okay, great.
I like it a lot.
I like it a lot.
I don't know if the markets were just going to collapse all around the world.
So they told us that pay a lot yesterday and that what they said.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
See, I don't have any sympathy for people who invest in the stock market because I already
did that.
It was a bad, bad mistake and I will never do it again.
Burn me once.
I'm a schmuck.
Burn me twice.
I deserve to be dead.
Which some of the emails this morning that would make them very happy.
We're tired.
What are you going to do then, Eddie?
We're tired.
And then this Paul Tuchus or whatever his name is, Tuchus.
This guy keeps sending me the same thing.
Joe, Joe Tuchus.
I guess he expects that if he sends it 100 times, I'll read it.
I'm not going to read it.
His treatise on who's to blame for the economic meltdown and the bailout bill and all
this other crap.
Here's the poll again.
Let's see.
Ray, who's chronic.
Ray says Moe was terrible under radio.
He said when he called football for Westwood 1.
He was excellent on Monday Night Football on radio.
He was a one trick pony but nevertheless.
Why can't you give credit?
Okay, we don't like him.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
We hate a white boy.
He wrote a vocal level thing.
No.
He had a great voice for play by play.
Do-do-do-do-do-do.
And he sounded good but I was like,
after I started listening to him do the dolphins
and seeing how much he screwed up.
Like with like the wrong players and stuff like that.
I was wondering, did he do the same thing on Monday Night Football?
I just didn't realize that he didn't have the players.
No, he was great.
I used to listen to him all the time on Monday Night Football on the radio.
So then what were you wondering?
But I was like listening to the radio.
So I'm not actually watching where I was watching the dolphins.
I'd watch the game and listen to him.
And like I'd see one guy make a tackle and he would call somebody else.
Was he doing the same thing on the other on the Monday Night radio?
And I just didn't know that because I didn't know the other teams or not.
Some other words you don't want to give him any credit.
No, he sounded great.
And I had no problem with him until I saw that he was like, you know,
calling the wrong players with dolphins.
Let me ask you this question.
What turns is it, Mike?
Who cares?
Well, I mean, if you're listening to play by play, you kind of want to know.
Who cares?
The actual alley.
Who gives a crack?
I care.
The Josh Mitz on the sideline and Van Patrik says,
and it's a great tackle by Joe Shmid.
He's not even on the field.
Exactly.
Every tackle at the line's defense made was made by Joe Shmid.
If he listen to Van Patrik, maybe he had a Joe Shmid blow up now.
I don't know.
Joe is a really ugly guy.
I don't know.
And then again, so is Van Patrik.
He was a big, big fat guy.
Now he's dead.
That's what happens to big fat guys.
They die.
In fact, as we go down this list on the pool,
I'll tell you the big fat guys and the drunks.
Right now, why did you put race God on there?
I told you no additions.
Oh, I thought I thought I'd take it off.
It's wrong with you.
No, don't take it off.
Just leave it there.
It's got a zero.
Oh, who is or was the greatest play by play sports guys
through of all time?
And isn't it sad that you have to, in South Florida,
such a bastion of sports expertise,
you have to explain to the public what a play by play announcer is?
God, I just never heard of such a thing.
All the time when we take these polls,
they answer the question they want.
They never understand it unless it's something really simple.
And even then, your kids recall this now in conversations.
All they even remember everything.
Oh, my God.
Where's some play by play?
Go out here and commercial break on air.
Here's a better look at it here.
No chance for Costco.
A perfect deflection by white right into the post and in
to get the blue is a nice going.
Ian stuck it in his own net.
Nice going, baby.
You're done.
He's OK, Ian White.
He looks pretty good to me.
Who is or was the greatest play by play sportscaster all time?
Keith Jackson is winning.
That in and of itself is enough to make me want to jump right off the balcony.
I just can't deal with it.
Keith Jackson 105 votes.
Al Michael's 85.
It's not even close.
Kurt Gaudi 71.
Harry Carey 69.
That's just.
I mean, Keith Jackson way above Harry Carey.
I just I wonder.
That really flashed my ass a little bit.
I don't blame you.
Mel Allen 62.
Vince Cully 61.
Marv Albert 51.
Rick Weaver 37.
And of course, I've been remiss.
The fans beginning to blew the blow the who the place election.
Pat Summer all 36 Bob prints 25.
Oh, yeah, somebody sends me an email.
Who was the guy who did the Pirates games?
Who was the guy who did the Pirates games?
Is that pathetic or what?
Bob prints 25 red, Barbara 20.
The old red head overrated.
Dan Cully 16.
Skip Carey 14.
Ernie Harwell 12.
He should have a lot more than that.
Foster Huat 11.
Johnny Mostten, Dickenberg 9.
Danny Galavan 8.
With this cannonating shot and assimilating save and his other BS.
Frog.
Joe Bowen 4.
John Miller 4.
Van Patrick 4.
Rick Jenner, Red Only 3.
Oh, what you people know about play by play sports cashews.
I could put in a thimble and have room for Joyce and jolly Joe's ass in there.
There's Jack Quillin.
All of a sudden got three votes.
I guess that's because I the sympathy vote because I see he got killed by a car he did.
Fred Q.
So two Van Miller to bill.
He would do Bob Cole one and Ray Scott's got the big drunk.
Oh, I forgot to mention the fat people on list.
What turns does it make?
Right.
And you know something when you come right down to it, who knows how fat they were when they died?
Am I right?
Skip Kerry was fat.
Van Patrick was humongous, huge.
Rick Jenner, right used to be juggernaut.
He lost a lot of weight.
He still was about 800 pounds.
He's great.
Rick Jenner, right.
He's got three votes on the pool.
Oh, we know our sports in South Florida.
Yeah, right.
Give me a break.
Just a wasteland, just a vast wasteland, even the alligators have moved out.
Unbelievable.
Michael says the video of your appearance with Gilbert cackling in the background is fantastic.
Do you have any other video clips of you doing a live show?
No.
Could you please tape any other upcoming events for those of us who can't make it to your live appearance?
I will take them all.
OK, OK.
We'll tape them all.
All none of them.
Oh, yeah.
What a joke.
By the way, everybody should check that out though, I would think.
Wouldn't you?
Yeah.
If they're a fan, sure.
Here's one from all over the mean of fan.
They today they all hate.
I see.
Some of them like you, but they still hate me.
They were tired.
Yeah, I used to be good 100 years ago.
They said, but you know, but I'm still showing up here every day because I can use the money.
I might just actually put on my clothes and go off to a blind again today and give them back the
2,300 I won last night.
I don't think so though.
I'm on a roll.
Good.
Hit that three grand on Friday, 2,300 last night.
I'm always almost got some real money in my wallet.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Not too many people can say that these days.
Now that the sky is falling on Rochars Shawnee, you see the Lord works in mysterious ways.
And you notice yesterday was aero for a show.
Now it didn't happen until sundown last night.
And so the goyum dragged the market down, even though Barney Fag was their bellyic and protesting and screaming and yelling and curing on.
He was good.
And now that the sundown came, now you notice the markets have gone back up because the Lord God involved again.
The Lord God.
Good Lord.
Steve says I recently watched the following movies I hadn't viewed in years.
Glenn Curie, Glenn Ross, Jan Justice for all and network.
Aside from the Godfather, of course, these are three of the greatest movies of all time.
I would agree with that network.
A movie made 30 years ago.
Not 30, man.
And perfectly this grabs the situation today about television news in the mainstream media.
It resonates louder and sounds to her today than it did when the movie was made.
I would agree with that.
He says, how can George not like this movie?
I was mad at him.
I was mad at him.
I don't think there's any more.
He says, how can George not like this movie?
But I love you anyways, George.
We can't be right on everything.
He's got me confused with Josh Cordes, obviously.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off right in the middle of the city.
Howard Veele is God says, Steve.
Let's make a deal and get the chalk lines from the other ones.
Um, of course, classics.
They don't make films like these no more.
So who said this?
Steve, some, uh, emailer.
Like, I know who this is.
This is some anonymous emailer.
Okay.
You get enough tight about it?
Yep.
Got my nickers in his wisdom.
How can you not like network?
Whoever said I didn't like network?
Oh, would you stop it?
Some guy with an email here.
Okay.
I know.
It's been a lot of time writing two long paragraphs.
As far as the debate last week, I love how McCain was name dropping.
Every chance he got during the foreign policy part of it,
regarding all the countries he's been to and leaders he's met.
It's amazing how someone so traveled doesn't have a diplomatic bone in his body.
These countries realize that the, uh, something is in.
I can't, it's chopped off the fix.
I'm just guessing that.
Maybe that's what it says.
Well, I will continue to go into countries make more when we feel like it,
regardless of the intelligence of information that is gathered or lack their own.
There will be no toxic diplomacy within same McCain,
much like he wouldn't even look at or borderline acknowledge that Obama was a few people from among states.
So another four years at last date, this time ran,
waits as if people are stupid enough to vote for this wrong choice again.
I'm a maverick.
I'm the insider.
What's the difference?
None.
Same old crap.
Love your show, Neil.
So Steve,
well, Steve is happy as opposed to.
RETIRE!
RETIRE!
Ah.
Just a wasteland,
a some pump and out, uh, just a gigantic outdoor septic tank that is called South Florida.
And when people send me emails or any kind of correspondence and they say,
they got out, you can smell the happiness on the page.
You can smell it.
Is that what I'm smelling?
Well, you smell something.
Glenn says, go to suncentral.com and do entertainment news.
I didn't find it.
Title is Glenn Beckback on WID,
footy shown the door.
Happy Jew years is Glenn.
Happy Jew year to you, Glenn.
I think he's a goi.
Glenn Beck is back on, oh yeah,
another all right wing all day on IOD.
All ultra right wing.
And Glenn Beck, of course, certifiably crazy.
Crazy person.
Another Tampa, another, uh,
Tampa reject.
Just amazing, but nevertheless, just keep plotting right along.
You know what I mean?
What do you think?
In a shadowing new interview,
Steven Spoonamore goes into harrowing detail about the Bush regime's election fraud past present and
if we don't spread the word right now to come.
Since he's the only whistleblower out there who knows the perps themselves and knows how they operate,
we have to send this piece far and wide that says here Spoon tells us that McBush's team,
Carl Rove and his henchpersons have the plan in place to steal this next election by 51.2% of the popular vote and three electoral votes.
He also talks about the major role played by the Christianist far right and the electronic rigging of the vote.
And it defines our electronic voting system as a major threat to US national security,
calling for it to be junked as soon as possible.
And favor of a hand-coded paper ballot.
Since Spoon is a Republican, an erstrom McCain supporter, as well as a noted specialist in nosing out computer fraud,
his testimony is essential.
Not only for its expertise, but no less for the impact that his views will surely have on those Republicans
who've been lowered to see what Bush and Company has done to our election system.
The big name.
The best talent.
You're new projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name is the best talent.
Are you sure?
You're listening to sports Radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Latter-day.
New Rogers.
This is your brain.
P-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p.
Any questions?
It's the best kept secret and fast food.
And David Caruso must protect it.
CSI.
KFC.
What do we got?
Well, Horatio, the Colonel has trusted us with a secret recipe.
I hope no one steals them. I'll just have to be sure there's no foul play
David Caruso does you can write on CSI KFC
Good news or ratio the guys who tried to steal the recipe are now facing the electric chair
I guess the only question now is original or extra crispy
It's drama by the bucket tonight on CSI KFC
I can't wait that David Caruso. He really does it for me. No
That's another example of somebody who's extraordinarily popular and I just can't figure it out
Can you tell me what his appeal is? No although
I
Look good. He's not as good as he thinks he is because as soon as he went off that show and tried to pursue you know like a movie career
Yeah, he flammed. Yeah, flapo. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and guess what talk about being a bunch of sadist to see it in
Guess who was on before Wolflet's Creek finally showed up. I don't know Rick Sanchez. Yes
Oh, here the world the market is dropping precipitously. He's a market expert. You know, oh, yeah
And there's the hysterical hyperventilating Ricky Tiki Sanchez on there on CNN yesterday afternoon. I just couldn't believe it
The cows up to 145
Down here into the canyons of Wall Street
I talked with one mother and her
Russia shine your daughter. She wanted to show her youngster
Richard of law after what happened and it's certainly already you're gonna burn in hell today. We'll have an impact on her daughter too
To wish boy like Richard Roth working on Russia's show. I mean I'm working on Russia's show about I'm gonna burn in hell anyway
So what terms is that's right?
Plus you want me to be here today unless you want to do the rest of the show. No, thank you
I could go to woodbuying right enough for doing that show on your cloudy day. I don't think I'm going today
All right, I'll let the fat Christ aside for me think about really
what?
Oh, I'm easy, you know, you like a magic eight ball shake him and see what it says what cracks me up about life
Those people I got an email the other day which had anymore waste my time reading on here
Please tell us what an and I've had these before
Tell me what an average day is like for you
Yeah
I'd like to get up to you brush your teeth first right take a big dump a joy
So well, you know, please take them through it in detail would you post a blog about it an average day?
Yeah, an average day for me is whatever the hell I wanted to be that this is what I know
That's what single men without families that that's exactly what it is right now
You're thinking you go. I wonder what I'll do today
And it'll be a special entirely a schedule when I only work to this week. Wow. It is sensational
Gee, you all sleep in this bed right maybe I'll walk over it
I get up early to go to work on which your fat the Chris doesn't like it
But nevertheless whatever I said to you alarm for like 4 30 or 5 in the morning and then when it goes off
Either I get up and go or maybe I push it ahead another hour. Maybe I just go back to sleep whatever I want
Freedom
Freedom is a beautiful thing. Remember we used to have freedom in America. No Fred and Boca really pisses me off
He said Howard Kosell was a bald headed fart
Yeah, and I mean I don't doubt that and of course, you know Dave Johnson hated him like oh
I know what's that about the other say the other say what that was all about why that
Just hated him. He was a nasty miserable person
It's like asking why did we hate Moe? You know, it's the same kind of thing
But by the same token professionally Howard Kosell was way ahead of his time
He actually opened up a mountain-send things that other people were scared schmittless to say
And when he talked about the jocque accuracy and about these dumb jokes taken over sports and sports casting
He was right on target and look what it's degenerated into today
Everybody who ever wore a joc strap is a broadcast air they're in the booth. They're in the booth
We got an 80-man booth
Shirley booth John Wilkes booth
So you can knock Howard Kosell all you want he was you know, he was what he was
Don't forget when we get to a May if we live that long when Dave Johnson calls in for the Derby
Well, I have a conversation about Howard Kosell. He gets wild when I bring that name up
He was always working on those telecasts for the Derby, you know on ABC Howard Kosell. He's dead
He had a nasty hair piece
I'm trying to think of what they were I don't know which one it was but there was one year when the hair piece nearly flew off
It was a windy day at the track and
His hair piece was like like side-settle. You know, I mean we'd like slip down on the side of his head kind of yeah
A lot of I bet you in the truck. They were laughing their ass off a lot of crazy kid stuff
Now speaking of ice cream which I didn't have any ice I had a good day yesterday good
I really did good
I had all though I did it now I will say this I do eat that pastry bun when I go to Mickey D's and get that burger
All right, the ainess burger with the
Bacon and I'm a big fan of bread so I can understand that pastry bun. That sounds incredible
I want really is I want to write me down
You get all the burgers and Mickey D's it's a it's like a
I call it a pastry. I'm out of the scrap. I'm polishing for Russia Sean. I want a pastry bun right near
Trayff so bacon with cheddar are you can be trayff right and
Bacon yeah, oh my god. That's great. I'm gonna have a lot of you look at it. I'll fuck you to nasty some lobster
God who's kidding whom
Neil have you or George tried fried apples ice cream
No heard of it sounds compelling sounds interesting it says it's very good
I love it the fried bits of apples make it very interesting like you said try it you might like it
Thanks for the great show Neil you and George are the man
That's great we demand you and me
By the way Neil did you hack my computer ever since the last picture of me?
I sent you haven't been able to send you anymore just kidding
Windows live mail program doesn't work right now since I installed an internet explorer 8 beta 2. I don't know please
It says I might have to wait for the final version of internet explorer 8 to be released to get that problem fixed or just
Uninstall internet explorer beta 2 right now. That's what I'll try good luck to me
Oh, why do we care about all your technical computer problems?
I mean, I don't want to sound insensitive, but do we care? No, no and then somebody says how about Mel Allen?
How about that? How about Mel? He's on there. He ought to be a lot higher on the list, but he was
Neil guy. No, he was gay. Yeah, well same difference
How's Mel doing?
Let me take a look. We got 765 vote Mel's got he's in a fifth place right? I'm Harry Carey's ass
He's got 66 votes and Keith Jackson continues to lead what is wrong with you people Keith Jackson with that cornpoll and accent that oh my god
Keith freaking Jackson
Now I'm sure we've got some bits in here some Keith Jackson stuff. Don't we?
No, we do we have to I don't know what it's under though
No, I've got some recent here, but I don't want to hear I don't want to hear Keith Jackson
Dennis says have you heard about this ad which is being snail mailed here in Florida as well as other states?
It seems to be a combination Republican and Zionist joint effort to elect McCain by scaring the public about terrorism
Oh my god, that obsession thing
Well, we'll get to it. Okay. This is about an ad campaign to win list citizens to take action against what they're calling Islamic fundamentalist
Yes, but surely points to a more sinister goal. They're using the same methods as Fox TV to manipulate the public
Yeah, it's that the DVD they keep putting in a papers including the Harold and the Sun sent all by the right shame on you
Shame on you putting a bunch of ultra right wing propaganda in there. Right one newspaper in North Carolina refused to put that stuff in their rag
Well good for them. Yeah, they deserve it award. I received this a few days ago. Dennis is here in Seminole, Florida next to St. Pete
I followed up on Google and found several websites associated with this it appears the focus is to unless grassroots it's called obsession
Which he doesn't have in here. That's what it's called the clearing fund which it seems to be nonpartisan
But they just happen to endorse McCain right it's just it says this was a shocking thing to receive in the mail
I feel felt like I was being solicited by the KKK and I'm Jewish so the whole thing is quite uncomfortable
The ad is a highly sophisticated graphically based fold out with the DVD
They also wanted to donate money to help them organize against their fear campaign
There are several places online that are behind this one one is the clearing fund. Yeah, I've been talked about that at length
Lister since the early 80s, but when I moved out of the area lost you luckily
I hooked you up looking up on the web and have been able to listen online last six months
I'd download the archive of the day when I can't well, then that same goofball in New Orleans is belly
The last hour was not there again
The giri in New Orleans that guy gives me he gives me Roy's bed in my back. Oh God. I can't stand it
No matter how much I talk about him bugging off. He just won't do it
I mean at least that Paul guy when he made a mistake about Howard Coacel
He resv- and they very seldom do that when they make a mistake. They just vanish
Remember how it used to be with the facts in the same crap
And you'd have him right by the short hairs. You know you're wrong. You're full of crap
Oh, no, you know what you're talking about and then after you'd prove it you'd read something like out of
Wikipedia or something to prove that theater what they were talking about and then they would just disappear as opposed to having
At least have a little bit of class like Paul what a guy's name was that chronic who said yeah, you're right
No more on Howard Coacel was not a play-by-play guy. He was a blow-by-blow guy
That's boxing down goes phrasia down goes phrasia. He was he was great at that
He was very good
So that guy that friend and boca was he was a boy. He say a bald head at old fart
I'm a bald head old fart too. And how do you like that friend boca?
Moe Howard David in the
Voice of the jets was a bald head old fart. I wonder how he did that what how his work was with the jets
Evidently I guess not all that good
His name the base of the result
Fourth leader
So big name that talent
It's that's the end Joe wait nights for me to live in here on
Sports radio 560 2 am the sports leader grab my junior honey
This is keep Jackson on special assignment trying to get a word with New York Yankee Jason
Jambi while the team sucked Jason seems to be back to old form
Is it because it's his contract year?
Is he trying to suck more money out of a team and then arrive and be horrible like he was for most of the time
It is with the Yankees here comes Jason. Jambi. Hey Jason to what do you attribute your amazing come back this year?
I'm just isn't because you're back on the juice
No, I think you mean to grow a mustache or did the hair simply grow because of all the substances
You've been pouring into your body Jason Jambi answer this question if you didn't have the mustache
Do you think you'd be able to hit the ball? It's I know you saved the mustache Jason
I know that's what you were going to say but what I'm talking about is while you had the mustache you were on an awesome
Tear do you think it had anything to do with the hair on the your lip?
Jason do you grow other hair all over your body uncontrollably?
Please answer a question. I'm not sure why you're stuttering is it because you're nervous?
Maybe are you intimidated by the man in the golden century 21 Blazer who's more than twice your age?
asking you the tough questions. I'm one of that's what I thought Jason if you can't answer the tough questions
You can't play for the New York Yankees can you?
You waited you think the New York Yankees would be so horrible this year. I guess this keeps Jackson
You heard it right from the mouth and the former hairy lip of New York Yankees. Jason Jambi
Oh, Keith Jackson. Oh brother. It's just I don't know. I don't understand it
I mean I'm not saying I don't like Keith Jackson, but the greatest sportscaster of all time
The greatest blow by a blow play by play
Now somebody says
Your list is missing Lindsay Nelson and not by accident either Lindsay Nelson was awful
He also had a lot of flashy sport coats, you know like Bob Prince only he wasn't no Bob Prince or Don Jerry
Lindsay Nelson sucked
Also, it says it's about time for you to make another trip to Las Vegas is Craig in Palm Beach. No Craig. Sorry
Don't you love people what they tell me how to run my life and where to go?
I mean, you know some people love to tell us where to go and one day we probably will
Yeah, I'm going to eat her who is a fellow candidate what Academy alum
But not for my class though obviously Peter
Probably younger because everybody you know one thing about when you get old like me everybody's younger
Unless you're in South Florida when they no matter how old you are everybody ever
See and let me just give you a little piece of information
For you young whipper snappers under a hundred
And that is when you get unless you've got like physical infirmities. You know you have a tough time walking or you've got
You know hearing problem or whatever you don't you don't feel like you're like an old man
You know what I mean right you don't feel like an old goat. I feel like about I don't know 45. Okay, you know what I mean?
Good, I'd like to feel something keep walking I do good
In fact just just from the machine what I do is I put my jacket on the back of the they don't have the cups anymore because there are no coins
You used to put the cup on the chair to save your machine
So I put my jacket on a back of machine
I make sure I have a couple of quid it's left in a machine and then I go walk to the tearum
Which is a long long walk and then of course you got to walk back and
Then walking to the parking lot and back that may not sound like a lot
But it's more walking in one trip to Woodland that I would do in a year and so forth
I'd be dead already I'd be dead probably one 90 on the scale this morning
Now that's not great, but it's also not so bad
It's better than the 240 are we lugging around at IOD Wow
Like in that video is that what you wait
That particular video. I don't know. I don't think that's this
Fatter than your torso fat neck. Yes, I like Walt no neck Williams
Had a big oh, I was a thick neck. Yeah, I wouldn't say no neck. You had done nothing but neck all
Neck mm-hmm, but not red, but just eyes on top of it no red neck and a neck with eyes. That's good
That's like an ass with eyes then at least you can see where you're when you're sitting down
You wouldn't be sitting on no monger
Don't use it pass right by yeah, yeah eyes not wanting to hear it
Peter from a candidate where Academy says probably two way a late to add the list
But as a kid I used to listen to Chuck Thompson doing orio games from WBAL my still my all-time favorite and let me tell you
Oh, Pete and Tampa and let me tell you Pete and Tampa Chuck Thompson was not only a great broadcaster
He was a good guy too when I worked at
What was it JNO in Palm Beach 1975? Well of course back in those days the
Was it the Orioles? I don't know who the hell it was well anyway the Braves played the exhibition games in West Palm
And he was there to broadcast one of those games. I guess maybe for the Orioles and I met him in the at the stadium
And he was just a great guy sat and talked and talked and talked I met him in the freebie food lounge whatever they call that
What do they call that?
They could they have the free the for the broadcast the hospitality tent. Yeah, I like that and
He was a really good guy Chuck Thompson
I'll tell you who else I met and was a really good guy even though everybody in a business hated him and he could have been on
List too is Milo Hamilton
Boy when he was with the white socks and Harry was there they hated each other like poison is what everybody is said
I've read it. I'd be reading it hated each other Milo Milo was good
He did the braves he did the white socks Milo was really the broadcaster and a good guy
Didn't interview with him on JNO boy those were the days man. That was quite a year 1975
I weighed 168 pounds then I had lost a hundred pounds in a year
And then you know what happened he died I found it. Oh, okay
I don't know if Milo Hamilton is dead or alive. I don't know
Harry's still dead
Tim and Miami says I don't know how you did it when you called a hurricane baseball games
But play by playing ounces and football often rely on spotters to identify the players of all to a certain play
That's correct
We don't have spotters in baseball if you need spotters to do a baseball game
You got a real tourists your blind is a bad
Maybe Moe had bad spotters
Or the earpiece in his hairpiece were fighting with one another
That might have been it
The earpiece get falling out of the hair piece. I don't know only Moe know
He says good point Tim excellent
Well the emails are really pouring in today and
You trying to give me to take calls again today shame on you shame on you
Please take some call on me if I listen to you shame on me they like the calls if you listen to me
If you well, we don't have any calls at the moment
What nothing then I just I don't know when you make stuff up
You should send me a script and why you like network? What did you have against that movie? Oh?
It's just awful. I thought that's right after this
Steve God needs to email me a script too so I can say the things he thinks I said oh
You always this is your same routine all the time
You do it continuously
I never put a lie like a some bitch you say the opposite of everything that I said he said I'm a son of a bitch
Yes a lying skeething and Chris is agreeing with you. Yeah, he knows he hears it
That was pretty weak that the Keith Jackson bit and the bit was all right except the Keith Jackson voice was very weak
I'm sure we have one another thing somewhere there
Is under Jackson I don't I don't know oh not Jack and the middle man that Jack ass
Jackie Joe Jackie bail
mm-hmm
As in the fable the ugly duckling grew into a swan
Well, what did that mean yeah, wow jackpot?
Boy, I haven't played those and of course here's our favorite Jackie Bales one Jimmy Carter is looking for a miracle the former president
It's trying to push push in Bosnia Wow
Deputy QA and there you go, okay reach over and shut it off
When you wanted to call that's right. That's what I wanted that was
They missed the calls they want the calls they like to hear you interacting
I don't wow I don't want I ain't gonna
Here's the way to pull is setting up right now now how you all would get a thousand votes on this easy my right Chris
Yeah, thanks, sir because generally the barometer is if we get over 800 by noon
Then we can get those thousand vote if we're not at least over 800. We got seven seventy four already
And so I love in 24 and there's old McCain seven ninety four that are energy efficient and are not dependent on the car
Yeah, almost 800. It's not even thirty that's our goal and my friends we can talk good anybody possibly even look at him and say
This man is gonna be our next president with that bimbo. He found in a shopping mall somewhere
As vice president a heartbeat away from this dying old man
Who wants to bomb the Russians and the Iranians and the North Koreans and Canada and everybody?
Hey, did you get that email essentially?
About what about the Glenn Beck article? Oh?
It's not much really to it, so
Well, why do I need article? Am I not the guy who told everybody? What is it under? What where did you send it to?
Oh Yahoo. Oh, I'm not gonna be you think I'm gonna be looking at that
I got all these important emails on here. I'm gonna be looking at Yahoo. Let me just tell you something about Yahoo Yahoo email sucks
I get the same spam with these dams
Soft sea Alice and soft biagra and hard penis and all this other stuff from the same idiots over it
Here's one right now from Boykin gross. It's pretty gross and you click on spam and it doesn't they don't filter it out
They don't filter it out
So where's the article Chris?
It's a link. Yeah, it's a link
That really stink when you know it's a footy gets the boot. It's Tom jicke. It's a good article. Thank you very much
fat Chris you make quick and print it out I
Can't believe that Tom jicke actually discovered something that's going on
I shouldn't say that there was a nice shot. He took a Joe Bell. I was good time didn't mention his name
He didn't have to rip him an ass
And how can Bill he would be tied for last place with Van Miller Frank, Houston Bob Cole on our poll?
You people have no soul
My god
That's because most of these people are like Yahoo's they never got out they never were anywhere
What happened all the people from the North and the amid West?
Jim Gordon should have been on her too. He was a great arranger's announcer on the in New York
And what about Sam Rosen?
Who I say let's start it all over again
Good plan. We better do the break though. And then we can read about the footy got canned
He got the cans
Fort like you're five sixty QAM the fourth leader the biggest name the best talent
It's a big O or land who else are Gary half-coward
Sports radio five sixty QAM
Yeah
Yeah, the sports leader
New God. Hi, I'm NAC and I'm Barack. My renting made is the governor of the giant state of Alaska
My running mate is a senator of the small state of Delaware. My VP choice likes to shoot moose
Well, mine likes to shoot off his mouth. My renting mate is a smoking hot former beauty queen named Sarah
My running mate is an old white guy with hair plugs named Joe
Ha ha I win. Oh
Boy, I'm not having time to up print all these great things out and Tom jicca the responses to the article. What's the best?
About footsie. Oh really is our people upset? No
Well a couple of more I wouldn't be surprised if he sent him in okay. Let me let me get to it
This email thing boy just a lot of work too much like work as opposed to sitting back and punching up those lines
And
If you give me that crap again about the public wants to call
800 tree votes on our pool
Let's see Milo Hamilton is still doing the Houston Astro games
He and skip carry an Ernie Johnson
Were what made the braves into America's team on channel 17 on WTBS Ernie Johnson sucked
And he kept retiring and retiring and then they would bring him back
And he would be on some other oh
Says no more America's team braves their left with a bunch of
Brub abroad casters is that a shot at the the booster chip is no chip off the a carry block chip carry
Says Fred and queer water
Nothing wrong with chip carry
He's no skip and he's certainly no hairy but then again who is
Larry says thanks for setting us straight about Howard co-sale
I'm not a sports fan but when I was little whipper snapper that's what I thought he did on football night
No, that's not what he did on football night. He sat and commentated
And he interacted with dandy Don turn out the lights the parties. Oh, and of course frank yufford who was semi-literate at best
Another classic exam that that must have just really pained co-sale have it to work with gifford
Who was so inarticulate and did the play by play he was just a dullard
He was too up Monday night football. What Kimba Bo camper is to the world a dullard
Tom jikas says footy gets the boot the footy show is no more
Wio D has reverted the decision of a year ago Glenn Beck is back in the nine-aimed anew in spot
He occupied to last September when he was replaced by the return of john footy cross to daily radio
And what are footies cross about do you think
That's bad footy one of the good guys in the business had been retired after 32 years this morning host on why 100 may of 2006
The demise of the footy show and unfocused mishmash of humor current events and interviews with local boring newsmakers
Marks that up now. That's his word
jikas puts that with local boring newsmakers
Marks the departure of the last locally hosted program on wio D
syndicated open up a pot and put something cheap and crappy on the same right wing nonsense
Wio D program director crin Charles who put footy on said he rooted for the show
footy is a true pro and he gave it his best but the ratings just weren't there
And if you think they're going to be there now with syndicated Glenn direct your dreaming
Ken Charles who are you kidding man you're so full of crap oh
Neil is the a gold standard of park radio yeah right
I told you they wouldn't put me on here and now just before the election five weeks before the election to the day
You notice they're loading up with the right wing propaganda because that's teeth channel
I
Elsewhere I look for radio power 96 is extended the contract of its popular morning DJ
Las Mendes through august
2010 DJ last ice call and DJ last whoever you are. Do I ever meet him?
I don't think so maybe he's a very good guy. Yep
Is it look good the pimple of the lip you would you wouldn't think so
Oh, well, I'm not asking what I think so I'm just just asking an objective answer that's all he's not my type either
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha but I bet your clerics has got the odds for no I don't think he plays games. Hey Clarence you fairy
Oh DJ last correct
Now
There's eight million comments should I read some of these so we're kind of funny. I'm glad Glenn is back
I don't agree with footy politically. Oh, I see that's right. If footy was that that's why they took him off the year
He was to the left of a till of a hunt
Tom I'm not surprised you're about to demise of footy your show wasn't interesting his vocal talent wasn't very good
After listening to him for a few weeks. I knew it would be a matter of time same goes for Jim DeFeedy at WFTL
Hurrah back to boring redundant conservative drug addicts. Can you say satellite radio because South Florida radio stinks says Olga
Posted by uncle Neil just went himself with laughter. It says
If anyone has not noticed it was not that footy is bad at all
WIOD 610 and WINZ 940 remember the same company in clowns
They've slowly but surely replaced all the independent thinkers last two months
Gunner Alexa Dave Lamont and Nathan Nicole Sandler who are both far and away better than the racist
I'mest and the wacko Beck
It seems to me since the election is coming closer and closer
The polshire Obama head that either this programmer can Charles's ignorant or racist or just a follower to do what he's told
Without standing up for the good of the people good of the people give me a break
Here's one. I wish that all you liberals were just piped down
In fact is that footy was boring nobody was listening besides Beck was on too late and 610 was probably losing audience to 1290
Which had Beckon from nine to noon. Oh, yeah
1290 they're getting a big audience not
Here's one that says good riddance. I was horrified last year when I turned on WIOD to find that Glenn Beck had been sent to the nine PM hour
Footy might have been okay if he would have stuck to local issues like he said he would
But when he started with politics the true socialists came out had to turn it off glad to have Glenn Beck back signed eight-all Hitler
And it goes on about his liberals to the air all the right wing i.o. D. Croud. Oh, I'm sure glad that Glenn Beck is back
Now just put Sean Hannity back three to six and I'll listen to i.o. D. from nine to six PM
All these right wingers man all these Nazis you can you can hear the goose stepping already
Here's one from don't list as I emailed Ken Charles from months saying footy was horrible
And I quit listening to 610 start listening to 1290
I think it has nothing to do with politics
I think a three-hour show asking the same laying question like what's your favorite burger gets old
He was annoying by taking calls
But before letting anyone get a word in it. Why is he cut him off my hang up on it?
It got so annoying I turned the channel every time I heard one of his lame promos
Tom says that meat market bit was a loss of waiting to happen
The oracle says footy always reminded me of some guy who hangs out and crummy new Jersey clubs
Justin says hey footy was my bud
He screwed himself though. We should have stayed a while 100 a couple of words between commercials
That's where he belongs or he can do like sunny fox remember sunny. He's on satellite radio getting done
I guess uncle Neil will probably be next they've boned him pardon that and neutered even the great near-riders now can't do a show
Oh well as long as the page that continues to clear he and George don't care poor George
Hope he's saving money once Neil goes he's done
No one will hire him since in this day and age one company owns everything which is ridiculous
Neil God and by footy maybe Kim a boat can't hold him a job as a greeter like Walmart as it knew as a new sports bar implantation
How do you like that?
They wish a good luck. Oh, thank you
Here's what about Nancy Pelosi Pelosi this and Pelosi another illiterate right-winger
Dave Roberts is to heck with them all get rick and suds
They're just a zillion of these on here a lot of comment most of it negative
Although footy seemed like a decent person listening him was like being stuck at a bar with an obnoxious nobidol
Who's often wrong but never unsure? I tried to listen to the show but always ended up turning it off from either boredom or discussed at her his verbose stupidity
wow
Ron says the guy they have now sucks balls footy was better
He had a meat market deal with crazy women going on dates. It was funny
He also talked about lots of stuff this guy all he talks about is the market market bailout bailout that boring crap now
They have people going back to boring meal Rogers he has no balls anymore
He does what some lawyer tells him to do the FCC says it's okay to do fart noises
But since the lawyer says no he doesn't use the fart noises
He's a paper tiger. He show his boring. It used to be funny with all those songs and jokes
But now we can't use them hey w. Why would he put some fun people on the radio to listen to funny stuff and forget all the crap that's going on says Ron as in more on
How do you like that? I do what some lawyer tells me yep as opposed to playing
Raspberry sound that's right
How you doing on your pole air fatso
888 votes let's hear it. Oh for fat Chris
It'll even all the get it right who doesn't even know who most of these people are on the pole that's correct
You don't know I know like some of the names, but you know
You don't remember Kurt Gaudi. Yes, I know the name. I probably heard that Kurt Gaudi and I OD he's dead now
He was a nice guy. I never was a big guy. I mean he was okay. I mean didn't dislike him
But he turned out to be a really nice guy
He was out with me for one night and I met him in the studio
Why would I have been there in the at that time of day?
I don't know. I don't either. Maybe we had a meeting or something
Maybe
Rick Weaver met him sure
He was he smelled bad. He what now he smelled bad. What did he smell like?
Constrops. Oh crap. You colictus and he was just a he was good though. He was great
I give him I'll give him his doom and he was a great play by play guy. He was only ever what he was only ever polite and professional to me
Yeah, he is and on clear street right now
Biggest name the best talent
You know, Roger sports radio 560 QAM the fourth leader
The biggest name the best talent. Are you sure big dog Joe Rose
What is that Florida sports always matters?
Sports radio 560 QAM the sports leader. I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now
I
I'm
The corners
You fail I'm cutting
I'm a victim of recession
Buying from his
Stores and I don't know if I'll get through it
Oh
No, I've spent too much I bounced by checks this month
There goes my credit rating I thought I had more in my savings
Or I'll take you out to lunch if you buy
Oh
It's the softy kind of me
It's the softy kind of me. I'm saving nickels and corners
I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of recession
Buying from this
Long me $50 wow
Whoever put that in there really stuck the joint out you know, yeah
Who did put this stuff in here way back when?
It was a joint venture, but a lot of part timers were involved. Joe Castello helped
For the most part so it was me and him and then we've had lots of flunkies as a put stuff in there
Wow if there's no trip tone on it it's someone else someone else did it. Oh somebody else did that one
Weighted weighted
Mm-hmm
Here's the poll 813 votes in fact Chris is bouncing up and down like a little baby boy
You know it
You can feel the tremors all the way here
Who is or was the greatest played by a place sportscaster all time somebody
Kevin says your list is missing a Maryland legend check Thompson
And we just talk about Chuck Thompson and I said I met him and what a good guy
He was and he was a great broadcaster, but we left him off. Okay, so sue me
His signature on your exclamation ain't to be her cold and go to war misdiagnas are still famous in Baltimore
He was the best thanks Kevin. He was great. Well, we left him off of there, but he wasn't the best of all time
And neither are a lot of these people on this list here, but you know, you got to have a list
And the the result of this list is such a revealing
I mean, it's like opening up a gigantic scab and seeing the puss and ooze inside. Oh my
A festering scab
Like on your ass. I'm
The greatest play by play sportscaster all time. I'm surprised nobody voted for Joseph Gackie
That's the soft Florida mentality Jimmy syphilis Joseph Gackie and Dave Ann boring the marlins when the world series
God
He needs a goose
In fact, maybe a good foot up his crack them asked would do it no more Marlon games. I guess for wildhawk Chris
Nope, no more Yankee games no more meds games nope
Oh, and somebody actually somebody with a great sense of humor. I guess suggested the scooter
Phil Rosuto the money store Phil Rosuto one of the all time only cow only cow the worst the absolute worst
Here it is
Ralph, oh, this is chronic Ralph. He's usually pretty good emailer, but he's just lost it today
He says hey all you dumbasses play by play a self explanatory in the same for commentators while some of these people are a little bit slow
Ralph Kiner and Lindsay Nelson how about Phil the money store Rosuto only cow yeah, I put them all in the same category
No, that's that's a shot of Lindsay Nelson
At least Lindsay was articulate he was boring. I think he was from Alabama or somewhere like that
But Ralph Kiner and the worst thing about Ralph Kiner is he had a bad stroke and and he kept working
They kept putting him on the air. Yeah, I don't know if he's still working
Hey, like you know a stroke where like the one side of your mouth rules down
He's like McCain. He was drooling all the time
Of course McCain was drooling because he kept checking out Sarah's ass
Greatest play by play sports catcher all time the astute south photo audience who knows nothing about sports keep Jackson
14 keep Jackson
Al Michaels 91 Harry carry 78
Kirk Gaudi 77 Mel Allen 69 Mel israel Melvin israel
Happy new year Mel. Oh, he's still dead Vince call a 67 you know something
I was never a big Vin Scully fan
But once in a while if I'm channel surfing on the baseball package
Yeah, I hear Vin Scully's voice. Oh, thank god. It's somebody actually doing mind hearing. You know what I mean? What he did
In other words, he really belongs there. He's a real broadcaster as opposed to the Lenny martesis of the world
Which are all over the place all these illiterate dumb jocks and it's just frequent went to program
There you go. You a choice. That's Q. I. M. for you right there. That's the swill
That's the garbage that the management puts on here on a station
And I bet you'll let me once wore a jock strap
In fact, I understand that these they should have meetings in Greg's office. Yeah, scruan and Roy and Lenny martesis and Troy
Well, then he's like a personal trainer
You know, yeah, and they all wore a jock strap. I got your crow bodice right here home boy. Where would they wear them the crow?
Where did I leave off on a list as a make a difference?
L. Allen. Mel Allen 69 Vince scully 67 you wrong. Marv Albert 56 Rick weaver 45 Pat summer all 43
Adam Vitaturi
Um, Bob Prince 26 red barber 25 Dan Kelly 17
That lucky
Skip carry 15 Ernie Harwell 14 Johnny most 14 Dick enberg 13 foster hew at 12
Danny Gallivan eight foster hew it was uh he was old when he was young, you know what I mean by that?
Mm-hmm old and crotchety Danny Gallivan eight Joe Bowen four he should and Joe Bowen should be near the top of the list
John Miller four van Patrick four race got three rich generous only got three votes. Oh my god
I'd be so embarrassed if I was you people. I would the crown of the bed and hide right now
I would go Dave hide
Jack Quinlan tree Bob Cole two Fred Qsick two van Miller two and the great bill who it's got only two on here. Oh my god
You people how how does stuff float even have a hockey team?
Is there any interest? No, do they make the playoffs ever? No, do they like sell out the joint? No
Do they need a new arena? No
What's the story there you you one note one note Charlie's man give me to ball give me to ball football. That's all they know football
football
Rick Jenner retts got three votes. Do you have any idea how secular religious that is?
How insane how what lunacy that is what madness?
Or here's Joe Dodge. Yola's got a poll suggestion. Yeah, I'm surprised nobody voted for Joe garage Yola
You did check and put the car in the garage Yola
Sean
Cute now was we ever used that before no
Jim says Rick Jenner retts fantastic
Absolutely for those of you don't know he does play my play broad cash for the Buffalo Sabers
If you go to YouTube you can address him with his famous game calls including mayday mayday
Goal go
and his
Something on any fight that occurs our grade give that guy listen and what about
Also Marv Albert is a sick bastard. We're not when I ask him who's the nicest guy who dresses up nice and Marv Albert's a sick bastard
Maybe it's commentary when something like this one he assaulted that woman in a hotel room pews back
Yes, full of sunshine by the air
Something about Marv Albert wants me to take a shower see Jim unfortunately and gets to New York is too busy
We're about the private lives of these guys if you find out about the private lives of most people you'd say oh my god
There's sleazy and slimeball. Oh my god. That's right am I right? Yep
Drunks and degenerates as it's a drug ease and right if they're not that's right
I wonder what Jim and gets full is doing yeah right wants to take a shower with who Jim huh who do you want to take the shower with?
Probably Marv Albert
One thing I will say the sad part about Marv Albert is they gave us that kid that Kenny Albert with a mush mouth
I'm telling you who else I don't like Chris is that Harlan what's the name Kevin Harlan
That's okay. I guess no he sounds he sounds a little bit like
Kenny Albert he sounds like he's got some of the elephant dung left over from the pile
Got much much more
Most know 40 hour. I don't like people to sound like they've got a mouthful of a mong
Like Kenny Albert if Kenny Albert weren't Marv Albert son. He wouldn't he couldn't get a job at
WGV engine even in New York
Assuming it's still on here, which I doubt
That's a good poll questions like she and what was your favorite radio station that no longer exists?
Good one not just in the South Florida market, but like anywhere, you know
Did they were they still she when they were doing the the progressive music right on the verge of playing some good new music before they changed it into like the plan and or something like that?
You're asking me yeah asking you
Well she went to the no she went to the coast she is not the planet
No, it's 3.5 correct coast is
7.3 right
That used to be TTR. Oh, that's what the yeah
It was GTR which wasn't a bad station then they turned the coast slush just a good rock and roll station not the best of the world
But right yeah, and who is on GTR who are those guys out in the morning patty Murray herman and McBean
And McQueen that's right patty Murray she died. Yes, she did
Wow, they you know they put that plaque on the van remember that they made the daddy Murray Memorial van a month later
They changed the the station sold the van, you know scrapped everything
See here's another guy bill who doesn't understand what this pulls about I just had a chance to put the radio on
I heard you read my buddy Kevin suggestion in the Baltimore announcer Chuck Thompson's name. He's got a name
Did you like my suggestion of Joe mumbles name it? No because Joe name it never did play by play okay?
Oh, by wow peek out kick
Remember that Rachel Alexander Rachel Alexander writes an article about
Mike on how come Mike Lang is not on here and talk about it enough. Oh, oh my god
Mike Lang is not on this list
What's wrong with you Chris you screwed up bad oh, okay
Oh, not a new one adding anybody else so we are Mike Lang
Well, let's see if Eric's got the other uh pull to switch
Although I kind of like this one. It's right up my alley. Oh, yeah, which singers got the most beautiful voice that can wait
The most beautiful voice you know what that sounds like to me. I mean I could be wrong, but
It's a guy
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on Q a M
From the comedic mind of Matt Damon comes Disney's hilarious new film that's fun for the whole family
White house hockey mom starring Terry Gar is Sarah Palin. Hey, rap that's off side
Just like Vladimir Putin's expansion into the former Soviet plot. I tell you that's found on thin ice and Charles
Roden as first husband Todd
Hey honey. I just built a new practice or ain't got back
Please tell me you didn't put it in the road garden
Uh-oh
They're the first family of funny Disney's White House hockey mom coming soon, but not too soon if yes, John McCain
Oh, look at that the doll is up 300 points
Oh
I wrote it down it was 291 and then as soon as I wrote it down it switched
It was they put the bushes push on the TV
From that boring speech you're this morning about how the sky is falling
Certain thank God. It's not his fault. You know it. He had nothing to do with it
That was up 300 points and as they accept about 73 and the S&P the stedidon poor is up 41
Super beef is a seasonal hamburger offered by McDonald's in Russia
Available from February 6th to April 1st
This year, so I guess it's a maybe no mole
And it sounds to me like the anise burger
The sandwich consists of a hundred percent beef fatty sauteed onions ice burger lettuce slice it tomato spicy tomato sauce
garlic mayonnaise and aged cheddar cheese on a chia bata bun
The price of these sandwiches 88 rubles the super beef is also offered with bacon at 98 rubles
And in New Zealand they got a thing called the keybie burger at Mickey D's sounds like crap
sure does
It's an all-beef patty egg tomato lettuce cheese onion kick cooked beetroot sauce and now it's turned in a toasted bun
The egg is fried in a round shape
It was also sold in Australia under the name mcaz however did not include the egg the mcaz has been discontinued and then replaced by the McFeeze deluxe
I know
beetroot
Sounds awful, and that sounds awful like kaka yes like oh for kaka push push your listeners here's Jason
When are you going to change this poll who cares this poll sucks your listeners are not jocks nippers
And then he's got in big caps change the effing poll
No, I'll change it when I feel like it
In fact just just because you were a moron
I'm going to leave it up there to leave it to a thousand votes
Then I'll change it I could change it right now, but I don't want to
Our listeners are not jocks nippers
And that's something in other words in order to be in order to have an opinion on great sports casters
You must be a jocks nipper you must be in that ponderous sports crap
You know what I mean I do
You see the game you see the game?
Oh, I'll say what did I miss mike lang was a bad omission. I think we ought to start that one over again
Just in honor of Jason start to hold pull over
Mike Langdon have any votes out of 831
It's got to be a while before we get to a thousand Jason. Sorry
Well, what what is the poll have to do with anything when you come right down to it
See you could criticize no matter what you do. Oh, and you read the poll results too much
You're sending it in you're mailing in the numbers from the poll okay
And then if you don't oh, I'll change it. I don't like it change it. This is uh this sucks
You follow what I'm saying? Yep
Sean you know Sean from Hollywood the poll guy Sean right
It says forgive me if the email below is stale, but here it is
Remember the congressman psychologist in Fahrenheit 9-11 who said you can make people do anything when they were afraid remember that yep
According to NBC news there's a clause in the bailout proposal that says the treasury secretary's decisions cannot be appealed or amended by any court or legislative body
It's useful to be called a Hitler was awarded addicted to real powers by a multi-party lawfully elected legislature
Who then dissolve themselves by majority vote the bailout is the fiscal 9-11
It's a money grab note the rush to make a decision and money going directly to the banks and investment firms
Imagine you have a company and your guaranteed have seen profits no matter how badly you fail
It's simplicity itself just take the money and the government will replace it
If defaulting mortgages were really the problem could we not issue mortgage vouchers directly to homeowners to bridge the gap between the income and the mortgage payment
This way the homeowner keeps his home the banker gets paid well nearly the same cost of the taxpayer
By the way, I can explain those black eyes on Maria Bartolombo
She gets punched in the face a lot this morning
She repeats on talking point that oil prices are the result of supply despite
Recent proof that rampant speculation in the option market is the real cause. This is old
But still relevant and then incredibly she said investors should stay the course and have diversified investments in stocks and real estate
I'm surprised. She didn't recommend N. Ron Polaroid or our white the stars steamship lines
I understand they have written one sinkable ship sailing out of Southampton
She needs to get a job that's more socially responsible like clubbing baby seals
And Sean says I am but flots him on the foaming surf of horror
Wow
Talk about emotional huh change the pool change on how come gene hearts not on there
Says Friedrich voice of the filth at off your flyers gene heart spelled G-E-N-E not J-E-N like John like a frog gene heart was Jewish not French
God he's dead by the way gene heart he was fat now. He's dead
He was good
But too many tasty cakes put him over there. That was the sponsor and when the fires would score a goal. He'd say another taste of tasty cake
Yeah, and he tasted cake was the sponsor obviously he ate up all the profits because he was big and fat and he died
He choked on tasty cake no doubt. He was good
Gene heart
He's
Here's one from Chuck
After Neil yesterday mentioned the band bread David gates George played some songs from bread and David gates
I went to the website YouTube
Cube to listen to some bread songs and found a video of David gates playing a medley of his hits
He's playing with only guitar on the show top of the pops
It's from 2000 to what amazes me his voice is still the same even though
He is in the video and is early in in the early 60s
What oh he's actually 60s. I don't know what they you may want to check it out. No
says Chuck
I don't want to
We had enough of David gates yesterday last night. I'm a beautiful voice wonderful voice ugly
Ugly look like david gravy line
Ugly
Sorry, David, but you're ugly and so am I but at least I admit it
Trevor says oh
Trevor
Here is maybe the silliest email since we said what is it like tomorrow be three weeks we've been doing the emails
Okay, I think it's been pretty good
Of course we could take some calls you know
We could
By a certain name oh here's here's another look at this
This is just
Sad more asking palm metal ray. I don't like askisses
This is just like the one we had yesterday. Oh quit being so humble. How come you're not on the list
And this one I'll print it out
Great dead radio stations hands down franken St. Pete says ckl w
How do you like that? All right
Yeah, let's play some jingos man
So anyway this a palm metal races the radio guys who came up before tv took over were the best red barbers
My personal favorite he can make a rain to lay interesting and why isn't Neil Rogers the sports announcer on list? What up with that
What up with that is that Neil Rogers isn't the best play by play sports announcer whoever lived and I'm not interested in like
You know patting myself on the back
God
Mr. Ego palm metal ray take it easy. I'm Lindsay Nelson when you spoke with Chuck Thompson reminded me of a similar afternoon
I spent chatting about sports broadcasting with Nelson L. Langfield he should get credit alone for carrying Ralph
Kinder for almost two decades
Ralph Kiner in articulate that best and then stroked out at worst and Lindsay Nelson was pathetic
Going going going going he was bad going going
That's what you were doing this morning, isn't it yep going going sure a lot of joysing
Ckl w grade station but wk and r and d tour was much better keener 13
How about Bob yuker the voice of uh
michigan a classic
Only it says bob ufer uf-e-r. I don't know who that is
I thought he meant bob yuker who wasn't the voice of michigan bob yuker did the braves games when they were Milwaukee
Bob yuker terrible former uh media yuker catcher
Another x-jock all the x-jocks all the time yeah, like you said the
Name an announcer
As opposed to answering the real question they make up their own poll question right which really pisses us off by the way
The poll question isn't isn't just name an announcer who did play by play the question is who's the greatest
What you're wrong that's how many announcers can you name how many names do you know that's the question their answer?
Well, here's Trevor who's an idiot
He says please add ron franklin
sunny herge and scotful well to the pool oh
Also could you please play sandsdorm by de rude for old time say it would be cool
I think we need to take some time get out of here with that
Hey, he asked didn't he say nice didn't he say please no I thought I thought you said he did
I think he said pretty please with sugar on top
extra sugar caramel sugar
Neil at neil ige's dot com that's our email address draw your
Pensational email
What about the scooter Neil what about the scooter he did those ads for the money store to scooters
But on the coffee honey, I'm gonna be home any minute
To leave the games early sometime because he was so disinterested in the old and the people I can see that
One being just interested in the game wanting to go home. Yeah, the scooter
He would scoot on home
Oh
Sorry, you want some more filler music here's no here's a fake email from joe bill oh Neil great
Show today I look forward to seeing you next time you're back in florida
We have some exciting plans for you and george coming up he has
Yeah, we have some exciting plans for you and george coming up
Fake email from joe bill
While he was sending me an email on that thing
You think it's from him nope
Why not because I don't I think he's got some plans for us all right. I think it includes a gun
The biggest name the best talent is the mad dog
Man, the afternoon's quarter seven sports radio five sixty two a.m. These sports leaders Neil Rodden
Here's the announcement man
Who do you think McCain is gonna pick his feet
Like a right
No, I'm gonna vote for you
That's a risk. Oh, you just can't wait for election day
I think of all the other than you could have been
So I'll be love with it. I don't like your shit
But the game of the game of the game
I'm
Looks like it's
Okay, we're gonna add Johnny mattress. I just put the new pole up there
And I didn't change the pool because of that jackass Jason. I changed it because it's so disheartening
Looking at the results. Okay
It's like asking a bunch of Eskimo's about some tan. You know, it's just pointless
But the people that always win these are it's a name recognition thing the most famous person always wins whatever it is
I see
Keith Jackson haven't you noticed that?
Yeah, probably
Oh, my client finally got a vote before we closed it out at a boy
Who is or was the greatest played by place sportscaster of all time? Before we get to that here's some more numbers
From John he says there's still maybe hope three of the major electoral college predictors have Obama 273 McCain 265
Obama 278 McCain 227 Obama 286 McCain 225
They've got Obama up five points in the popular vote and McCain is quickly losing ground
Obama's got Virginia now and gaining you know how North Carolina and it's a virtual time florida
Keep your fingers and legs crossed John says I'm crossing it
Even on Russia's shown I'm crossing myself
Greatest play by play final tally 852 vote
So now that we got the other one up there do you put Johnny mattress on there? Yes
We'll do over a thousand easy now
Cheating dude to you know we can do six different polls
Keats Jackson 118 ridiculous al Michaels 97 Harry Kerry 85 Kurt Goudi 79 male Allen male Evan Israel 71
Yay
Vince call a 67 Marv Albert 59 took kinky for that the one guy
And gets will in the animals belt Pat summer all 46 Rick Weaver 46 the great Rick Weaver just ask him
He would tell you he was good
Smell bad
Bob Prince 27 red barber 26 Dan Kelly 19 skip carry 15 earning a hardwell 15
Ernie was great Dickenberg 14 Johnny most we was robbed 14 foster you at 13
Danny Galavan 8 race got five Joe Bowen five John Miller 4 Van Patrick 4 Rick Generates still only three
Oh my god
Jack Quinlan 3 Bob cool 2 5 Qc 2 Van Miller 2 Bill Hewitt 2 and Mike Langa giga one
He got one
Here's a brilliant the email Neil who is the guy who called the pirate games? Let me say it again Bob freaking prince. Okay
Jesus God
What two people know about anything?
Just astonishing
Which singer has the most beautiful voice new polls up there?
And I think we only got two votes new poll men up. Oh now we got another starting to trickle in we got five
Here's the list
Karen Carpenter see I wouldn't say Karen Carpenter had a beautiful voice. She had a great voice. It was distinct
Is there's the pulsae who had the most distinct voice? No
She had a manly voice. It was he had a deep voice right
The long ago
Played by a little Karen Carpenter
She'll probably win and I loved the Carpenter. Don't get me wrong. Mm-hmm being Neil Queen that I am I can admit it
But she had a great voice, but it wasn't beautiful
You can you follow what I'm saying to this thing that I do I don't hear any Carpenter. Oh, sorry. I don't even hear a Jewish Carpenter
Shara
Which I guess Bill Marth thought that was very funny. Oh a Jewish Carpenter. Ha ha ha ha
That nothing about Bill Mar he's another one of those guys who lasted him everything he says he's laughing. He's yucking it up
No one ever kid if I should leave
Now take it back
That's it
But if you play like for all we know
We got that for all we know which is a good song
Yeah
All we know are jelly Joe maybe on the table across the street
Forget about
Oh
I think it's back to you boys. Okay. She did I just thought she was like a little deep, you know
It was people commented about that, but that's fine. It was in fact in the buttery biography thing on them
So Richard was talking about the the one solo album she tried to make and she never had a released mm-hmm
And he said the material was all wrong because it wasn't too high of a key and he talked about the fact that she was you know like down here like
Manly yes, not as manly is um what's your name there Rachel Maddo right
But then again who is
Can Esmas macho Janet Reno or Rachel Maddo
17 votes on the new pool. Here's the list Karen Carpenter for Johnny mattress two Freddie Mercury two or Orbison two Luis Miguel two
I voted for Luis spited George's hostility
Because he was Mexican port of weekend Italian. Yeah, he had a great boys
I never denied that beautiful voice. Sure. Why not you just don't like his music that's correct. Well your mama
How about your mama likes Luis Miguel does she like Luis Miguel whom I'm on uh. Yeah. I don't think she knows who that is
Why didn't she get out of the house not much that is often a shite it gates one gladdest night one Gordon Lightfoot one Jay black one from J and the Americans
God was he great? I don't ask you listen. I don't ask you to call good
Um
Justin Hayward from the moody blues one got to go now go now go now
And none yet for these we just had to pull up here's the list though Linda Ron stack Jam Morrison Neil said Neil said Daca had a beautiful voice
Want me to play some happy birthday sweet? He had a he had a high piercing voice sounded really gay even though he's a married with 85 kids
Neil I love Neil said acad don't get me wrong with his boy go ahead
Beautiful voice
I mean that's just gonna be a joke
Who did this cool oh shine
Well, he also had Andy Williams and
Frank Patterson cranky potential more about
I'm not calling that beautiful. No, I'm gonna put Sarah Brightman on the go
Barbara Harris from the toys Everly Brothers
Merle and McCue Gary Puckett Yvonne Eleman
Jesse Cole and Young Roger Whitaker and Dusty Springfield also. I don't I don't buy that one
Now she had a really deep voice. I'd rather be with you was not that what was the song? I'd rather us screw you
What does Dusty Springfield? Yeah
You know what I mean?
Very manly voice not as manly like I said yesterday not as brilliant. I only want to be with you. You got it? No
No
Oh, they're coming to take you away again. You hear the sirens out there, man
I think that's for jolly joe bill and that fake email we had before
Have this though
Wishing and hoping to sweat swishing and hoping or swishing and growing
Morning fast favorite
And dreaming each night of his jaws
Oh
So if you're looking
I'm waiting for Jason to send me an email saying change this pull this pull really sucks too, Neil
But I haven't got one yet
Neil can you can you play the Zeta song Neil wakes me up in the morning
I
Might want to do that
Well, you can play it. Yeah, can you doesn't say will you?
Where is that one oh, yeah
Well, that's not it
What the hell is that
You're on money
I
Whether
Yeah
we smell red
where's the bail
Sportage of 560 QAM
The fourth leader
So take your name
To that talent
It's the D&J
Wait nights for me to win an A-
Here I go!
Sportage of 560 QAM
The sports leader
I Luis Miguel
Play it, baby
Rock solid
My wife took their card at a moment
She drives my viewer
And she's three feet tall
I wouldn't ride with an away
I said I'd meet her there
Later today
So I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey
Waiting for the lovely first to take me away
Or I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey
With my friend
I
Looked like it's time to tell my change
Closer must be
And don't always stay the same
All they're gonna do
What get her tells me to do
The private her life
She must be insane
Just sitting here
Rest in my bones
Wondering why my wife won't leave me alone
We've talked it over
And I never win
I just wind up
Slepping through the mall again
Oi, so I sit on a bench in Del Rey
Waiting for the lovely first to take me away
Oi, I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey
With my friend
And there he is
About ten times
I've been waiting the whole damn day in this bench
Where the hell have you been?
And where are you going?
How can I do this?
Pufferty three at five sixty
W.D.C.
And we got the big old rock college
Two mad dog at four and then after that
Well
Joe Tahas says for the poor
Joe Tahas who just won't stop by emailing
How about Otis Reading?
That's why I played that sitting on a bench in Del Rey
Otis Reading?
No
Otis Reading had a beautiful voice?
No
No
No
Nice
Nice voice?
Not beautiful
Or speaking of people who aren't beautiful
What happened to the thing I was just printing out?
Oh no
How about BJ Tahas or Steve Perry?
OK
BJ Tahas has a beautiful voice?
Sure
I had an email from Gilbert
But I guess I deleted it
I tried to print it out
Don't ask me why
Let's see
Joe Tahas
Here it is
And it starts out by saying
Hitler
I saw your video with me on it on your website
Why wouldn't George let us talk?
You don't need a foodie bodyguard like him right?
Love Gilbert
Love Gilbert
And then it starts out
Hitler
Yeah, obviously that's not Gilbert
How do you know that?
Because Gilbert knows who I am
And he knows that I wasn't there
Therefore
Oh
Gilbert knows what I look like
Very well
By the way Tony the UPS man in Connecticut
Don't go away, man
Just go away
Go away
When I blocked you on my space
There was a reason for it
Because you were a noodnik
You bugged me
You were an idiot
Now you shouldn't that be enough of a message
When you blocked somebody
I shouldn't get a message
Listen, it's not about what you want, Daddy O
Oh, I forgot
Go away
Freddie Mercury is winning, that was your choice
Yes it was, I don't know
If I could change my vote I'd vote for Sarah Brightman
Who's going to be doing well
You she?
Yes
Beautiful lady with a beautiful voice
She's got one?
She's a beautiful lady with a beautiful voice
I see
Ralph, who I was doing well with these emails
But now, how about Doris Day for your beautiful voice?
Well I say no way Doris Day
You talked about her the other day
Yes we did
Oh my God, are you kidding me?
Case or eyes or round?
Fat man after dark who's also chronic
Really chronic?
Please put John McCray on your poll
He's leasing or the band Cake
No I like Cake a lot
But me too
Beautiful voice?
We don't have all their albums
I don't mean the music
I'm talking about Cake
Like Michael and Godfather 3
Cake?
Dittly crouched
If you talk about this guy
Engines big fan
Not a beautiful voice
The green light flashes
The flags go up
Churning and burning
They yarn for the cup
They definitely maneuver
Okay
And so for right
Okay
Get some health fat man
I think the fat's cutting off your circulation at the neck just like Fat Christopher
Here's some exciting radio news
WG and American cable channel will broadcast
Daily highlights of the Bob and Tom shows
Indicated Morning Radio program beginning November turd
The Bob and Tom show ears
I'm more than 150 radio stations nationwide
I'll meet the mornings from studios in Indianapolis
Bob Kavoyan and Tom Griswold host a mix of
Talking comedy from 6 to 10 a.m. Eastern time
Used to be great just like some other shows I can think of
Like...
They'll cut
But then they got debauled
You know, and Justin and Justin Tinkerbell and Janet Jackson took care of the whole industry
Along with certain others
So even though I don't hear them
I just... everybody gives me spy reports
The show is a shadow of what it used to be
You know what I mean?
Yep
Highlights of the show where they're each not at midnight Eastern time on WG and America
And at 11 p.m. on Indianapolis TV station WTTV
WG and senior vice president Sean Compton says Kavoyan and Griswold produce one of the most entertaining shows on radio
They sure did
Kavoyan says he thinks viewers will enjoy a peak behind our radio curtain
We got a whole bunch of their stuff in here all the most of it we can't play anymore
Like head shampoo for example
Oh yeah
BASS and play that
No no
I mean nobody speaks English anymore
They say I love his taboo
Oh and prison bitch we do not be playing that
Why not?
I don't know
I think it might be clean
But it's four minutes long it'll take a while to audition it to make sure that it is
Clean
It's not
I'm pretty sure that was one of those that this somebody arbitrarily said
Oh you can't don't play prison bitch
You know
Arbitrary is right
Yeah
Like Bob Green came in and I would he
Oh don't play trouser trout
Remember that?
Mm-hmm
That was a steep, nickel thing by the way
Was it really?
Yep
How do you know that?
I have a good memory for these things
Oh here's a good one
So sorry if I missed this
But how about Marvin Gaye for the pool
Yeah he had a beautiful voice
No
Sure
Would you sound a little bit unsure?
I was thinking about it I was mulling it over you know
Yeah
Giving it a fair of thought
Yeah
And why not?
Yeah stick him on there
Freddie Mercury 13
Karen Carpenter 10th Serob right men 9
Roy Orbison 9
Johnny Matrice 5
Linda Rohnstead 5
Jim Morrison 3
John Anderson of Yes 3
Jay Blackton
Luis Miguel's only got 3
Too many crackers out there man
That's the problem too many freaking crackers
Grab with it
You don't have to give it a try
4.560 QAM
4th leader
Neil God
Your key 10 keys
You can't say no
It started when
You were an embryo
That night you strayed
In the hotel room
Was decided when
You were in the womb
The lander in
Isn't your DNA
Because I was cheating
I want to make you play
So don't walk his tail
It's a scientific excuse
It's cheating
I want to make him lose
It seems like him tastes
That strange couples
Yes straight men that's why Freddie Mercury is winning
Yeah
Is that what you said about Luis Miguel?
What? No I didn't say that he was gay
No
I told him this was gay old women
Old women and gay men like him
I think is what I said
Whereas Freddie Mercury has universal appeal
I don't know who sent it
Because it was just a number
Typical
How about none of the above
Says some jackass
None of the above
As opposed to coming up with one himself or itself
How about none of the above
We always get those always somebody wants that
Yeah, none of the above
Somebody wants George Michael Pam from the facts
No
Voice is beautiful she says
Well okay his ass is beautiful
And lots of folks know it
Gene and Steven says Aaron Neville
Oh Gene
You buying that?
Why not
I mean it's not going to be my brother
I'm all on there
Let's have your names on the list
Just think how much time that will kill
All the beautiful voices all the time
I'll read the full twice it will be two o'clock
Time for the big oh
Here's one that says Ann Murray
Now that is ridiculous
Wow
Man Murray
That's the reach
Talk about deep yeah
And low mighty low
Ann Murray
Wow
No, I don't think so
Mark from Marty from point and B to
Follows up on the first paragraph here
With that joke about the bear in the rabbit in the woods
It's older than you are Marty
Oh stop with the jokes
Marty says have been listed since 1981
I had the pleasure of speaking with you in a few occasions
You made a lasting impression on me from the beginning
I can remember the places I spoke with you
Michelle's video on Pine Island
Pompato Harness track
And my favorite your studio at WINZ
When you were still doing eight to midnight
My cousin Stanley J brought me to the studio
And some isolated part of southern Broward County
I can't remember if it was off flamingo or some other road
Anyway, thanks for years of entertainment
Some isolated part of Broward like Carroll City
You know where I and Z used to be
Which I'm sure they're not there anymore
But out there in the middle of the like field
Yeah, kind of
Yeah
And then of course the doesn't tower sitting in the back
And when I would leave it night at midnight
To go home
When I was doing eight to midnight
And I would drive about a half mile up the road
And I couldn't hear it
I could see all the towers
I couldn't hear the station
That's how directional we were
Not good
This has got to
Oh and this again
Tony the UPS man in Connecticut
Just to show you what an ass this man is
How about Janice Joplin
And today is my eighth wedding anniversary
Could you please play the happy anniversary gentle
No we can't Tony go away
Go away
God
That's life man or some people who just don't get the message
Yeah
Yeah
Here's what you want
What? It's not about what you want
No it's about them and posing them so that's right
That's right
Stay off of my ass Tony go away
You're an idiot
Go tune in the goddess
Go tune on Glenn Dreck
That's right it's Rush
Johnny Ola says what about the voice
Barbara Streisand
Put her on there only she'll get a bunch of votes
Yes you will
People
Speaking of old women then she'll get all the old women votes
All the old Jewish women votes
On Rush your Shiny you can't
Now let me ask you can you go to the computer
I guess not on your kipper
Rush your Shiny it's okay
Only it's for pleasure
On Rush your Shiny it's only you only burn for a little while
But if you go to the user computer on your kipper
You're going to burn in hell for eternity
Yeah here it is how about none of the above
How about a good swift foot up your ass
You idiot how about none of the above
Oh
So many negative people so many sour sour people
The only thing I like sour is like pickles
Good sour good sour good cold sour people
A letter a listener sent you the following link
Should I open it or not? Sure open it
Yeah
Responsive radio or some such crap it says
Don't call it HD
We had that story yesterday about the the beesleys and at HD crap
Go away get caught up on the show
Johnny Fountain with his olive oil charms his Ralph
Yeah Johnny Fountain
Elvis had a great and beautiful voice
Put them on there the king even though you hate him
Elvis
Could not King Cole be consideration for the poll
Sure but Cole in the poll
That King Cole
Oh
Robert plant
I wouldn't say Robert plant's got a beautiful voice
Good good voice but not beautiful
John Denver
Oh
And James Taylor had beautiful voices
I would you know as much as I'm really just burned out on James Taylor like 100 years ago
I would agree he's got a beautiful voice
I've seen fire and I've seen man
What do you think? Sure what is
Put them on there
James Taylor
Neil before Bobby Brown turned to an aircraft hole
Whitney Houston had the sweetest voice I've ever heard
Remember the national anthem of the Super Bowl during the Gulf War?
I joist a meada when I heard that
Just yesterday morning
They let me know you were gone
Yeah
Oh I can't stand him
But if you want to put them on there it's up to you
I'll leave it in your capable hands
And here's somebody else's Nat King Cole
Moan Alisa
Moan Alisa
He had his own TV show back in the 50s
Back when it wasn't you know all that commonplace to put the dark complex of people on the area
Rammland Roe
On Capitol Records
Rammland Roe
Can I go see here?
Fifty-six
No
Wait a minute
No, I thought he would have been dead by that after all I'd seen him smoking he did
WB says it's Freddie Mercury hands down
Dead Paki that he is
Paki Stanie
He was Pakistani
Not anymore he ain't
No he was
Apparently he was packing it
Steve Perry number two but as much as I hate country western bluegrass
I think Alison Krauss is the best female voice around you know who that is
I know who it is I'm aware of her
Chris you ever hear of Alison Krauss?
I've heard of her yeah
I don't know what she sings
Country western bluegrass
P.S. what's the email address to use in order to send your show on
What?
Who's they do at it's the only Alison Krauss that I have
What does that mean?
He doesn't know your email address
He doesn't know your email address
He doesn't know where I get this then
Where did I get this?
Oh you faxed this to me?
Yes, like me or I knew Rogers.com
Who's that?
Well it's Brad Paisley but it's a two wet with Alison Krauss
It's the only thing I have
Brad Paisley is he can't do waterpays with it
Trick again
Waterpaisley, driver in the Chicago circuit many moons ago
How much he used to
Oh I don't want any more country western
Yeah send that to Jolly Joey you can put it on kiss
I'm sure it is
You made his one
On kiss already
Is it? Are they kissing it?
Yeah, they kiss it
It's all good
Well it's a good thing we changed the poll because they sure didn't know nothing about sports gasses
And they sure don't know too much about beautiful voices
Here's one from Tracy says
It's hard to separate a beautiful voice from a voice you like
Good point
I'd like to nominate James Taylor
Oh
I apologize for yesterday's blender Eric Reed
I worked with him myself
Good Tracy keep working on it
Eric Reed who talks to his teeth
72 to show me one
I hate that there's anything I can't stand
You know who reminds me of
Who quarter-slot guy
Oh yes
Shame kind of Schmidt
You got to be careful when you talk like that
Here's one from somebody
Nera
Long time lister by the way I'm female under 25
Hallelujah I started listening to your show when I was 16
And starting college at UM
I was sitting my card during lunch and listen to your show
Although we differ on religion
Yes, I'm a Bible believing born again Christian
I still enjoy your show
Wow get some help
Oh Eve even Miami
PS even though I'm part of the 20% that will see an increase under Obama's plan
Female and Christian I still no way know how no McCain palin
That chick scares me that interview with Katie Kirk was the last nail in her coffin
And yesterday's follow up in the cane sitting next to her answering her questions
And leering like a dirty old grandpa didn't help matters for the pool
Celine Dion no
Patsy Klein
No
Dolly Parton no and Whitney Houston okay
Have you disagree on any of those?
No, Dolly Parton's got a beautiful voice. She's got big noses but no
And Patsy Klein
I go out walking after midnight I'm just crazy
Yeah, I don't think so
And Celine Dion oh my god
She ought to be banned
And also can you how can you forget Shirley Bassy
And gold's a stink finger remember that?
Yep, gold stink finger
Carolyn Picard
Did we add Elvis yet or what?
Yep, who's Carolyn Picard?
Oh that's who's seven
Sorry Carolyn
Elvis
You didn't put it on it?
Oh it's on it?
Stink finger
From the movie of the same aroma
Shirley Bassy
That's when she weighed 280 pounds
Oh yeah, that's beautiful. I'll think I
No, she did not have a beautiful voice
No, I mean that goes
Let's put off a little bit on the wall. We're at it
Andy Williams was originally on Sean's pool. I crossed it out
Andy Williams had a soothing pleasant voice but not beautiful
God, Paul Rogers from free
And now little lady if you'll kindly step up to the parapet
I'll come back to on these awesome voices somebody
Paul Rogers
We'll get three votes
But it says awesome voice that's not the full question
I can do better
Who is that?
I'm a woman, your favorite
But she wasn't wailing like she usually does
Anything you can do, I can do better
She was always screaming and waving
Oh, Paul Rogers has an awesome voice
I'm a dream
Oh, see what I mean?
Okay, that's enough
Yeah, I'll say
Somebody out of the age of 300 members Ethel Merman except you, you're obsessed with Ethel Freaking Merman
She's my favorite
Would you play that Gordon Lightfoot spoof all the songs were like the record of the Emanuel Fitzgeralds
There's Cliff and Kendall who's beyond chronic
The poll question is
Which singer has the most beautiful voice?
Not awesome voice
Not powerful voice
Not great, I like it a lot of voice
The most beautiful voice
Which sounds really kind of gay if you ask me
But
Now, what does this mean?
Can you believe I just went to
BJK
What does that mean?
I don't know
Oh, subject Burger King
So, what does that mean?
I don't know
Can I believe it? Yeah, I believe it
And I don't care
Please add Marvin Gay to the poll
Great voice rate lyrics is head and four lot of it
Didn't we get Marvin on there?
Mm-hmm
We would have put Marvin on he was a little bit too gay
Sam Cook
Sam Cook's a good choice
Just played him yesterday
Sure
Don't know much about history
Barry Manlow
Oh no, I'm sorry
Barry Marcus is the name of the guy who sent Sam Cook
Sorry, Barry
Julie Andrews had the most beautiful voice for 60 years
Just for this 9-year-old in 1965
She certainly fulfilled the whole Madonna Horthand
Says Joel and Four Myers
What does that mean?
You know the Madonna Horthand is
That thing that men have were women or either one or the other
They categorize women as either a Madonna or a whore
Mm-hmm
So she's both
See that's one of those things
When you have a really really innocent woman that goes all
Hori and dirty
That's hot
That's an exciting thing to a lot of guys
Julie Andrews
Yeah
Because she showed her boobs eventually
This year really? She did
I can't believe she had it a couple times
The other one
The best talent
You're missing your Roger
Sporting your 560 QAM
The fourth leader
The biggest name
The best talent
You're listening to sports Radio 560 WQAM
Miami for the Latter-day
It's the one to do our
You
I'm John McCain
You may have heard that I invented the Blackberry
Well my friends it's true
And I'm going to tell you how I did it
My tribe and I were camping in the hills of Kentucky
But we didn't call it that back then
Anyway, I was messing around
And I crushed a blueberry
With a poison
And I was messing around
And the next thing you know
I got a Blackberry
Oh what's that?
It's coming from this little box
Hello
John, it's Sarah Paylon
Sarah?
How did you get it to this funny little box my friend?
John, it's a blackberry
It's a phone
Oh, did I invent this?
Not really
But that's okay
It's time for your nap
Just let Sarah take care of this
Just like I'll take care of everything when we're in the White House
Hey?
Okay, doke
I'm Governor Sarah Paylon
And I approved this message
I'll approve anything that gets me in the White House with this
Ancient Geaser
How's it going, eh?
102, she probably picked that up across the Canadian and the Laskin border
I know, because she's aware that Russia is over there on the one side
And Canada is over here on the other side
She gets her binoculars pointed in the right direction
Wow
My late mother, this is from, I don't know who this is
My late mother would sue in a period of homo and Linda Ronstadt before she passed
Kristie Ali on the meat scale
Well, what does that mean?
Oh, I see before she passed Kristie Ali on the meat scale
Linda Ronstadt
She's on the pole by the way Linda
But Otis Reading gets my vote, especially since he died a couple of days before
Sitting on the dock hit the area, he never got to his own voice on the radio
Oh, in other words, that's the barometer by which we're choosing now
I think the poor question ought to be
Name somebody who sang a song
That's always the case, remember? Like the sportscaster thing you were talking about
Give us a name and something to name once was on a list
Stay saying even in the shower of what's right on the pole
How about me? I sometimes sing in the shower and since they want to kiss my fat pimple, yes
Oh, how about you, Neil, when did you end baseball?
I sing every morning before the show I should rotate
You know something it leaves me weak, it leaves me just limp
Sitting in the morning, so...
I mean, that's not a beautiful voice, it's a good voice
Right, nice voice distinct voice, nice character
Not beautiful
Nora Jones
Somebody says
Okay
No
Not for me, but if they want that out there, sure
Would you, well, if they want to send other words, anything they send in here, you're gonna say sure?
I will, yeah, sure, I'll say yes, sure
Y'all sure, oh, y'all
That was up to an 65 point
You tell me if Nora deserves to be on the list, all right?
What?
You tell me if Nora deserves to be on the list, does that?
Sounds right
No, no
Hope you didn't put it on there, Frantzo
You know?
You didn't put it on there?
Nope, good
Now is that your vote that you didn't want to put it on or just, you had a premonition?
It was still kind of up in the air, so I waited
No, good
Allison Kraus is probably most recently recognized as Wolf
for doing the duet album CD with Robert Plants
I ain't got that
You ain't got what?
I ain't got the duet album with Robert Wright and Allison
You're what?
Lisa says Raul Mallow, former lead singer of the Mavers, has made some great solo records
His voice is amazing, says Lisa
Do you know who that is? Raul Mallow?
Never heard of him
I hear he's really Mue Mallow
I like his brother Mui
Mune Mallow
Mune Mallow
Mune Unic? Why do you like Marshmallows? Well, I haven't had those in a long time
Good
Roasted on the campfire, some Marshmallows and Wienies
Mmm
And Marshmallows got to be like a little burnt on the outside and like a real
Mushi on the inside
Louis nominates Charlotte
Charlotte Church Opera
You know who that is? She's an opera-checking
Charlotte Church Big cans
She's a great singer
She's got a beautiful voice
And Allison, everything
She got a beautiful ass
She's got beautiful boobies too
Oh, it was Victor Victoria by the way, somebody emailed in
Julie Andrews showed her boobies in Victor Victoria
Okay, she had Mallow, I don't think so
What? I don't think so
Well, that's what the guy said
He's a baby movie, he's wrong
Oh
So what, where did she show her boobies?
Oh, what was it in that movie?
No, I got to look it up
Did he go to the train?
Yeah, that's it
The devil in Miss Pailin
I got to go on IMDb
Somebody says, Pa Mcartney
This is Paulian Titusville, O'Polly won't see him no more
And Annie Lennox, somebody says
I'm a big fan, but I don't think she's got a beautiful voice
Not a beautiful voice now
It's like Janice Chaplin, not a beautiful voice
And just so you know, Freddie Mercury
It was from Zanzibar, not Pakistan
Oh, Steve says, still according to summits all the same
Sure
And it does make a difference because he's still dead
Got it?
Got it
Oh, somebody else said, this must have printed out twice
Maybe I printed some of these out twice?
Yes, I did
Norah Jones, the answer is
No, no, no chance
Well, I get an a million names in here
That's really a sitillating
It's captivating radio, I'll tell you that
And for the guy that before was giving me a song at dance
That Jason guy, oh, change the F and pole
I like the other pole better
Because this is just a bunch of names
I mean, the sports casters
There was something that you know, a secure teethen knew
There was some meat on the bone
S-O-B of every single American
S-O-B-1
That's where Julie under the shutter boobies
And also there was a lesbian movie she made
But now is the moment for us to come together
And put the fire out
I mean, think about it
Think about it
If your neighbor's house is burning
You're not going to spend a whole lot of time saying, well, that guy was always irresponsible
He always left the stove on
He always was smoking in bed
All those things made me true
But his house could end up affecting your house
And that's the situation we're in right now
We've got to make sure that we put the fire out
And then we'll start making sure that these folks stop leaving the stove on
Okay, now you're supposed to play Burn Baby Burn or
Disco in Furnow or Burning Love by Elvis
Wouldn't that be a great segue?
Right? I'll be like, I'll choose this one for now
And that really just was just a joke
It was just a little joke
Your neighbor's house is on fire
Oh, yeah
Okay, now I'm going to tell you something about old, old material
When you hear this, you're going to just
You're going to give up, okay?
You're going to gasp
From Biscayne, David Cooperman
From Biscayne Electric, okay, now we're nervous
I don't read people's last names on here
But I will hear it because David should be punished for sending this
And Miami Gardens no less
Hey Neil, if Karen Carpenter read, Mama Cass is sandwiched
They both still be laughing
Oh, that is older than the Hill
Old and Abelinkin's beard
Older than the printing press
Older than Mathuis Luz Ass
Oh, somebody says it was SOB but you being in the punch
Yes, now did you get that email also?
No, no, just remember that
I've heard it from my suggestion
Here's a good suggestion for the poll, Syruvon
It's one of my favorite all-time songs on Mercury Records
Broken Heart Emility by Syruvon
You got it? Broken Heart Emility
You got it? Look at the movie
Oh, it's good, she was great
Syruvon
Doors are weirdin' from the cranberries
Big fan, I don't think so, though
Not a beautiful voice
Oh, I can't believe you got it
Wow, if I don't have it, I'll get it
How's that better?
You're still alive
Woo!
Oh, I can never know the truth
Oh, rock
Won't you have some of you?
It's not the only thing I've heard
Okay, that's enough, we don't want to get carried away because you know, it's old
What is that?
Horse, Syruvon
Really? Yeah
You get the name this tune? I have no idea
Never heard it
So much on
Really, I never heard it or sing a tune
And the living is queasy
Never living is easy
Oh my gosh, she sounds so manly there
Now, why did you have to play that in the sportlet?
You racist bastard
Oh, I roll, that's the racist
The first black
Is he a Roger?
I never did
The sports leader
The sports leader
Who's gonna give Ricky a blow?
The investment bank filed for bankruptcy
A shocking ending to a weekend of frantic negotiations
This time the Fed said, you're on your roll
I was freaking with our workers
What happened to roll the bank?
Customers are worried about the safety of their deposit
It's my money
It's in the one and Fed
Close my door, oh and K
It's a sad day in America
It's reminiscent of the Depression
The odds market tells us there were people
We've all fed we were
You're fired
Well, this has been fired
It's another great depression
And the wind out doesn't even care
And I like to fish
They pay 2000 euro wait
But he tell me, can you spare a dime
Not so fast partner, you owe me some money
So tonight we're going to borrow like it's 19, 20 times
What do you recommend, it's a beard depression
Not to steal the money, not to borrow the money
Not to steal the money in California
You know the fact that he is a governor of California
Didn't I tell you that a long time ago?
You did
Next to the Toyota right there and then and there
That we're all finished
That's the end of the world
California, he can't even say it
He can't even pronounce it
He's a goofball
He's the terminator
He's a silly person
But then again so was Ronnie Raygun
From soap net somebody forwards me
This breathless news
Galen Gearing, Luis
And Eric Marzov, Ethan, formerly of passions
Have been picked up by day of our lives
There will to be appearing shortly
Not exciting?
Yep
When the passions is done
It's finished
Finito
158 votes on our
Which singer has got the most beautiful voice pool?
Karen Carpenter 23 and Freddie Mercury 22
Ever seen him together? Same person
Karen Carpenter 21
We got a good battle going on our hands there
You know what?
Knack and knack knows to knows
Well I would love to see them do a like a duet album
Like Frank Snottra
Remember Frank Snottra? What about Frank Snottra?
There you go
I mean I hated him and I still do but beautiful voice
Strangers and then I
Huh?
Yep
I think you believe it
I ain't no band leader, yeah I heard that story
Roy Orbison 13, Sarah Brightman 11, Linda Ronstead 10
She's great, Johnny Mattress 9, the African Queen
Luis Miguel 7, he should have 100 votes Luis Miguel
He has got the most, his voice is like a symphony orchestra
Beautiful
Jim Morrison 6, Gladys 9, 6
You don't have any Luis Miguel in your mouth?
I just might have a lot
Well really?
Or nearly because all my Luis Miguel stuff is down there in the room where you're sitting now
You're holding on to it
Gladys 9, I have everything
Do you?
But he ever recorded, they miss you any song
They miss you, swania
Don't have it, do you?
Ah, dude I got a giant recording list over here
This is a good example of what we're talking about beautiful voice
Like butter, smell
Oh my god
Luis Miguel 7, he's just dynamite, fantastical
Jim Morrison 6, he ought to also be doing better
When you agree, Jim Morrison, I do agree
