The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests and collars.
And what kind of a name is Plycic Glass anyway huh?
The biggest names, the kind of a name is this for Gun Drop.
You're listening to Sports Radio 560WQAM.
Miami for Lauderdale.
Why can't you hear something now?
They cranked that level down so much in the other room.
And there's a much more foot.
No, I'm not that comfortable.
It's the 701.
Yeah, look at that.
560WQAM.
The best.
The new Roger Show.
To talk to Neil, dial 56050560 in day and brown.
In other counties, he called toll-free 87775 Neil.
Or pound by 60 on your AT&T and Verizon Wireless phones.
The attendance expressed by Neil is guests or his illness.
The 996% dose of WQAM management cap or sponsor sit down the Neil Roger Show.
On 560WQAM.
Well, isn't that right, Plycic?
No, he doesn't have it.
That's not true at all.
Don't you, you don't have a penis.
It's an underdeveloped penis.
That's what I was told when I was a small child.
No, Bobby, isn't it the fact that it's really your first child?
You were told that a small child, you said that you were a himafridite.
I was told a lot of things when I was a small child.
So were you lied to you, Bobby?
I don't think I was lied to about my past.
No, no, no.
Did you live your life in your early informative years as a woman?
You're fair, yes.
And it has totally...
It has totally...
My whole life.
How?
I...
I had to wonder.
I'm a very athletic person.
I've always been a jeans and t-shirt type girl.
I wonder when I could unclose if I look like a dike.
I wonder if the way I wear my hair, people are going to think I'm a dike.
Absolutely.
I wonder what people are thinking about me sometimes.
I wonder how I'm held and I let this happen to me.
How could I be so stupid?
She ain't no teal up to Kee Laugh.
I'll tell you that.
Boy, if I ever have to be forced to watch that crap anymore,
I'm just...
I'm going to jump off the balcony.
Yeah.
It's the price you pay for, you know, having company.
Sure.
Controlling me, remote control.
Oh, it's always got to be another chance for love.
And a second chance...
Those shows are the worst shows in the history of the human race.
Yep.
Teal up to Kee Laugh.
Oh, she's by and she's this...
And all the people on there are butt ass ugly.
The chicks, the guys, everybody, including her.
Oh, it's a chance for love on MTV.
Why can't we get back to real world with a bunch of hot naked people?
What would be wrong with that?
That's what people want to see.
Yeah.
Well, that's why you don't get it.
They want to see all the syrupy stupid...
Well, maybe they do.
Maybe the kids want to see that.
Syrupy stupid garbage.
Teal up to Kee Laugh.
Oh, my God.
Kee Laugh.
Kee Laugh before multiplies, but I doubt that.
Well, let's take a look at what's going on.
Got a death.
Oh, do you know who this guy is, though?
I do.
No, yes.
Well, you didn't before the show.
Robert Prosky.
Who?
Get the truck.
Hey, get the truck.
Put me on the channel.
Ag for it.
Yeah, had a boy, Jack.
He's still dead, by the way, Jack Lemon.
What a shame.
What a great actor.
He was good.
He was really good in mass appeal.
And in Glenn Gary Glenn Ross.
Where's the leads?
Where's the leads?
That was great when he went to that couple, you know, that...
Yeah.
I don't want to ruin the movie for people, though.
They won't watch it anyway.
Glenn Gary Glenn Ross.
No, I'm too good.
What?
Nighborgs.
The Nighborgs.
Is that...
That was their names?
Yeah.
The cyborgs?
Yeah.
I'll be damned.
That was up 64 points, by the way.
We're going to take it real easy from now until the end of the year.
It's the holidays, you know?
And I can see the audience is taking it real easy, too.
They're not much going on with the emails.
It's not that we would want to read on the year.
There's some crap, but, you know...
Oh, yeah.
You're wrong about this.
You're going to go to hell.
I'm just deleting and blocking and blocking and deleting.
Yeah.
That's what it is.
It's just like that MySpace page.
I haven't had an email from anybody on the show MySpace page since before Jesus was a little
tiny infant.
Robert Prost-
Prost-
He died.
77.
77.
You know what's not an often that number comes up?
A lot.
I wonder if there's something in there.
And you apparently...
78.
77.
Those are the days, man.
Those were the days.
Now look what we got.
Oh.
Stage TV and film actor appeared in the Hill Street Blues, Robert Prost-
He portrayed many characters including a desperate real estate salesman and Glen Gary Glen Ross in the play.
And the Avoncular Sergeant Stan Jabonsky and TV's Hill Street Blues.
I never watched that show and I didn't even want the Hill Street Blues.
I was pretty sure, I guess.
That's what they tell me.
It was highly rated by the intellect.
Yes, it was.
It was.
He died in Washington Hospital Center Washington DC, complicate it from a heart procedure.
Oh, don't be getting none of them heart procedures.
Don't let them talk into that.
He jokingly attributed his success to his punch and prematurely gray hair, telling the Washington Post.
This hair and this gut are the two reasons I got started as an actor.
I could play with men in 50 when I was 30, maybe 25.
I could always be thought of as the funny fat man.
Oh, there you go, fat boy.
Have people think he was the funny fat man.
All right.
Or he could be like Oprah and think her her is the sad fat cow.
Oh, she ballooned up again.
Poor Oprah.
What are we going to do about that bitch?
I'm shocked.
Stop the bullies.
And all these millions of women.
Oh, wait till the book comes out.
We find out how she's going to shed the weight again and how she's going to put her back on
and start binging and binging and losing and losing.
Oh, my God.
What a cow.
I'm 189 on this scale this morning.
She weighs over 200 pounds.
She admits to 200.
She probably weighs about 240 now.
She's like the human balloon.
You know, little air out.
And then all of a sudden it just balloons back up again.
Binging with that money with billions of dollars and she can't control her behavior.
How do you like that?
If I had that money, I'd be too busy to be sitting around shoveling potatoeships now my face.
That was up 66.
You happy about that?
Serious is up to 16.
It was down to 15 cents this morning.
It's up to 16 to make it a move.
It's a selling opportunity.
That's where my close friend Maria B would tell me.
It's a selling opportunity.
Get rid of it before they go bust.
Okay, here's the poll from yesterday.
I've closed it out.
I'm sick of it.
What skill should every man know?
954 as if.
I'm thinking every single one of these every man should know.
But of course one having to do with boobies, that's the one that wins.
That's right.
Oh, it's tealant tequila.
That's the second chance for love.
Seriously, no wonder the minds of our young people are rotting and turning to puke watching that garbage.
My God.
And Paco just obsessed with that crap.
Oh, just, and what's the other one that the hills?
Is that the other show they have on it?
The heels?
Thank God I didn't have to watch that.
What skill should everybody know?
How to undo a brow with one hand?
394 votes.
41%.
How to undo a brow with one hand?
How about just to rip that baby off?
undo it.
Just rip it off.
Sure.
How do I change the tire?
125.
How to drive a stick shift?
94.
You got to learn how to drive a stick.
Stick it to the ticket.
I don't know how to drive a stick.
That's not what I heard.
How to perform CPR 66?
How to tie a necktie 56?
How to use hand tools 55?
How to grill a charcoal 41?
How to jumpstart a car 40?
I can't wait till I'm done reading this poll.
This is the worst.
I thought the one before this was bad, but this is worst.
Oh, do you guys like this one?
Yeah.
Because it makes you feel like man.
That's right.
We're manly, man.
How to build a fire in the wilderness 19?
How to shoot straight 14?
How to perform a Heimlich 12?
How to drive in snow 8?
How to escape a sinking car 7?
A sinking car?
How to carve a turkey 6?
How to properly cast a lion 4?
How to replace an electric outlet 4?
How to put out a fire 4?
How to chop down a tree 3?
How to treat a snake bite 2?
That's it.
That's the end of that horse ball poll we apologize profusely for that.
For that pile of swill.
The thousand 82 points.
There's, oh, I thought for a second Sherry Rosenblum, she's a neighbor of Governor Blagio,
you know, you have it.
I thought that was candy County for a second boy.
She is really grotesque that woman.
Let's see.
Fat man after dark says, who had a worst piece?
The governor of Illinois who was arrested our Mohawar David.
All the news coverage I watched when they showed the guy couldn't help but wonder what doctor did the surgery on his two pay.
Oh God.
You notice how they keep going back and back and back and back to the same old tired swill.
You notice that?
Yep.
Always coming back to the same and just beat it into the ground.
Fat man after dark.
I have no idea.
No wonder.
That explains a lot.
Let's take a look at the Wednesday schedule today.
We got the big O2 to 4.
He's back on track.
Is he ill in hour?
What's his story?
No idea.
You have no idea what about his show?
Is that still ill in?
4 to 7.
We got mad dog at the hard rock.
7 to 8.
It's, oh, dolphin tonight.
I'm sorry.
8 to 9.
Hurricane hotline.
Oh boy.
And then 9 to 11.
We got DA.
Poor DA.
The stuff that he follows.
I wouldn't wish on fat ass jolly Joe.
Just horrendous.
The stuff they make him try to follow.
Like they, like they, you can tell that the needle on the Richter scale isn't even moving by the time he sits down there.
There's not, there's not a heartbeat out there in radio land.
And tuned into the station by the time poor DA sits down, except when it gets to fill in once in a while.
And look how many votes we got on the poll.
77 on the new poll.
What is with that anyway?
I'm going to WABC.
How do you like that?
Oh, 79 now.
790.
Oh, that's across the street.
We don't want any part of that.
Ooh, Fui.
Don't touch them.
Which of these people is most about hype and not talent?
And let me say it to you again.
The world is mostly about hype, whether it's religions, whether it's talent, whether it's politics, no matter what it is.
It's mostly about hype.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yep.
Let's get it on it.
99 votes.
Paraselton 35.
She's off to a big lead and then no doubt.
She was born into a lot of money.
She has no talent.
She can't sing for crap.
She can't dance.
She can't act.
She looks like crap with that needle nose of hers.
But she's got a lot of money.
Why can't you just take her money and enjoy it?
All the bitch in here being part of the Hilton family.
Right.
Wouldn't you just take your money and go away and not throw her?
Sure.
But no, she's got to stick her ugly pussy into everybody's life.
Paraselton.
Hold you see the video, George?
Remember that?
Yeah.
Remember that?
I would want to watch that.
That is green.
Dr. Phil 15.
Rush Limbaugh 10.
Howard Spurmaid.
Oh, that's going to get some of the how-way people upset.
Hannah Montana 5.
Oprah 4.
Poor big fat ugly Oprah.
Oh, my God.
Elsie DeBorden Cowell and drag J. Lennon's who are Madonna.
I don't have any.
I guess they figured Madonna's got a lot of talent.
And that's funny part of that is Madonna's one of the greatest and with hype.
She's one of the best at using hype.
Remember that stupid book that came out?
Yeah.
Years ago.
You book.
You book about nothing?
Yep.
And then the Kabala Kabala Kabala.
Oh, yeah.
That is all crap.
The idle rich.
That's right.
A lot of money and nothing, you know, never, never, never satisfied.
Never got enough.
Oh, let's see.
Here's rubber, rubber toughest.
Voker Raton Reelder reaches under woman's skirt and bar near Delray Beach.
That's a news story.
They were standing against the bar when a man reached under the woman's skirt and fondled her.
The woman said she turned and saw a man quickly remove his hand.
I wonder if he sniffed it.
Oh, that's a horrible story.
I don't want to go into that.
Sounds like real perverted.
Yeah.
Here's one that says from Donna and Roger MTV sucks.
I'll get into that after the break.
MTV is good.
They don't show any music videos anymore.
They haven't for years.
And they put on these insipid idiotic stories.
It would be one thing if there were like a bunch of hot people on there.
Teela tequila.
Oh, it's your turn for love.
It's another chance for love.
And of course, all these shows.
It's like the American Idol Syndrome.
All these shows about other people being humiliated, degraded, and eliminated.
That's what people want to watch, right?
Because it makes them feel better about themselves.
You do understand that.
Sure.
People want to watch other people being tossed off the show.
Oh, is this the wicked dancing with the stars? All of those shows.
Oh, you're going to have to leave.
You're ugly and you're gross and you smell really bad.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't have no Roger.
Sport like you're 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
No portion of this program will be in danger.
You know, you've never known.
You've never known.
I've never known.
Beaver broadcast group incorporated.
Beaver Rogers, God.
It's the all new Leaver to Beaver.
Starring Barbara Billingsley.
You Beaumont.
Tony Dahl.
And Clint Eastwood as the Beaver.
Beaver.
Beaver.
I'm not now.
I'm cleaning my gun.
Beaver.
That's my name.
Don't wear it out.
Now look, Beaver.
Whatever you did, don't drag me into it.
I love Beaver.
I know it's told Miss Canfield.
But just between us, man.
Why didn't she go to cafeteria for lunch?
Well, if I tell you, you're not going to like it.
That's ridiculous.
Now come on, tell me.
I lost my lunch money at the race track.
Again?
Oh, Beaver.
Your mother and I have been very patient with you,
but this habit of losing money has got to stop.
How come you're so mad?
You don't win out there all the time, either.
I'm not mad at you.
But we've got to do something about this business of losing Bernie.
Yeah, you're right, Dad.
Give me ten bucks and I'll win it all back.
In fact, make it twenty.
Okay, be sure first.
Ah, more so I've got to do with Luke Kappen.
Ten, eighteen.
Luke Kappen is sixty-one years old.
Okay, oh my god.
That makes me feel a hundred and fifty, you know?
Yeah.
I've got something coming off the printing press right now
that's going to make you make your innards clack.
Really?
It's up a hundred and twenty-some point.
And?
It's from my close personal friend, Little Tommy Jicca.
Who forwards me?
An email he got from Stan Major.
I guess Tom was doing some investigative reporting
until you got the email from Stan Re-plined years.
I reckon.
Stan Major, dead or alive, it says?
And Stan replies to Little Tommy Jicca,
I'm fine, healthy as a forty-year-old.
You might be interested in this.
A few months ago, I contacted Ken Charles,
queer channel Miami offering to do a live local show for peanuts,
misspelled by the way Stan.
Stan was never too bright.
Peanuts, P-E-N-U-T-S, penuts.
He ought to be doing penance for that too grand.
He invited me to send him some stuff from the Neal stand days
with those huge ratings, which I did,
with those huge ratings.
Oh!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh!
Oh!
Which I did.
But I doubt he even listened to them.
He never even acknowledged what I said to him.
Never invited me down for lunch, even to check me out.
It was an insult.
They put boring I'mus on a few months later.
So much for a localism, printed if you wish,
my best SM, Stanley T, major.
Stan major, Stan major, talking about...
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
So Neal stand days with those huge ratings.
Yeah.
I guess he's talking about my ratings, sir.
That must be it.
Talk about a Klingon stand, you know.
It just...it just didn't work out.
Where are your calls?
Anybody buy a good watch lately?
Wow.
How do you like that?
I'm actually listening right now.
While I'm Vandy, we're live, Stan.
It sure is how beats the alternative.
Right?
Yep.
Well, good.
I'm just...I'm taking it really easy from now to the end of the year.
I'm not going to stress.
I don't care about Joe Bill.
I don't care about Clarence.
I don't care about Phantasm, Joyce Bitch.
I don't care about any of these people.
They don't care about me.
I don't care about them.
Come all the way up here for that stupid football game last week.
Oh, but to dolphins, one year we won.
Yeah, big deal.
Congratulations.
Like I said before, whether the team you support wins or loses,
it doesn't reflect in any way upon your life.
It has nothing to do with your life.
If they win every game they ever play from now till the end of the time until you croak,
it still doesn't make you a better person or a smarter person or a decent person.
It just makes you a...whatever you are.
It has no impact.
Am I right?
You bet.
Yep.
The Twin Cities Pioneer Press reports have probably been launched in a Minnesota Senator Norm Coleman's
ties to businessman Nasser Kazemini.
Kazemini.
I don't know how you say that.
And I don't care.
Federal and Frescica.
I mean, Teela Tequila.
Oh, God.
You've got to be...
Oh, it's another chance for love.
It's a chance for love.
It's the cute tongue that my throat and see if it comes out my foot.
Oh, have you ever seen that, Tubby?
I've watched enough of it like 10 minutes of it to say, wow, this is just bad.
And she's just really annoying.
Annoying is the word.
Absolutely annoying.
The fact that I'm forced to watch...oh, just hours of it.
It goes on forever.
One episode ends and then here we start with another one.
Teela Tequila with her little boobies, man.
Oh, even animals aren't into her.
Federal investigators are looking at allegations that a long time friend and benefactor tried to steer
money to U.S. Senate and normal Coleman, the pioneer presses learned.
Agents with the FBI have talked to her, made efforts to talk to people in Texas, familiar
with the allegations.
Houston is where the first of two lawsuits was filed, ledging NASA Kazemite, a Bloomington
financier, tried to steer a hundred grand of Coleman, by his wife's Minneapolis employer,
the second sued filed in Delaware, ledges Kazemite initially tried to get money directly to the
Senator.
They both denied wrongdoing and yadi, yadi, yadi.
But it beat a boob bit above.
The campaign provided no evidence for the claim that the allegations are politically inspired.
Well, what?
Who cares?
There are most of the bunch of crooks, so there you go.
And how about that Black O'Avige?
He called, he said the F...
Oh, he said F everything.
Yeah, everybody.
F you, F the people, F the people.
That's right.
Obama, F the...yeah.
Obama, your mama.
And go ahead and tape me.
Why?
He said go ahead and tape me.
What do I care? F you?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Oh, if you listen to me, everything I say is truthful and upstanding.
Yeah, what a jackass.
Yeah, what a man here, piece like.
Oh, you guys said.
Bad piece.
Look like that big boy, what is it?
Your last brother's big boy?
Yeah.
Well, that's a cartoon character.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's what that looks like.
Yeah, that's what it looks like.
cartoon character.
Donna and Roger in the pie and say MTV sucks.
We have a daughter who watches this crap all day and all night and she's 15 years old.
Tila, Tiquila and Perre Souten and all this other BS is filling her head with fluff.
And her favorite show happens to be Tila, Tiquila and Perre's BFF, whatever the hell that is.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not religious.
I'm not the type of person to smothers their kid.
I give her the freedom.
I just hope and praise she doesn't...does the right thing.
But you have to wonder what kind of effect this crap on MTV has on 16-year-old minds.
I mean, I don't want my daughter idolizing Tila and Perre Souten are morons on TV
and here's one of the great lines of all time.
Famous for being famous.
Yep.
What's a parent to do?
Anyway, we love you and you'll keep up the good work.
Donna, Roger in the pie.
Famous for being famous.
Oh, I love that.
Donna, that's one of the greatest lines in history.
It's not hers.
I know it's not original, but still she put it down there in ink.
Yep.
She put it paper and pen and keyboard and sent an email to neoletneorodges.com.
I wonder how many other people are sending beside Fatman after dark?
Who's out of control today?
Now, he's alright.
He's good.
In fact, I got another one from him.
Well, let's see how they're piling up in the outlook.
Oh, there's one.
There's one.
Neorodges, WQA, and Robert Porsky is dead.
Oh, no kidding.
And this is just from the same...I'm blocking this idiot.
Ranges, ranges.
They made a great effort.
I don't care about the ranges.
Okay, blow it out your ass.
The gay leafs.
Yeah, the gay maple leafs.
Can you believe that?
Yep.
Here's one.
It says, not only does the team successor fail you're not reflect on you as a person.
You have nothing to do with the team successor fail you no matter how big a fan you are.
Well, you did it.
Volshmit it says.
Right.
That avoids you.
And we did it.
Who's we?
What position you plan besides prone?
Besides laying on the couch filling your fat face while you're watching a game.
Fatman after dark says,
he let the keyless one of the most annoying, awful, worthless pieces of Shmit around.
She said it was her show that led to gay marriage being allowed in some states.
Sure.
Worst in the dating shows or the housewives shows, real housewives of New York Orange County.
Oh, I've never seen it.
I've never seen it.
Oh, don't.
Do yourself a favor.
Forty-something women passed their prime, spending their husbands harder and money on spot treatments and clothes,
contributing nothing to society.
I've been lucky I haven't seen that.
I thought I was cursed with tealot tequila.
Oh, no.
Nothing is worse than that.
I think the newest one is like a lantern or something?
I saw five minutes of it.
Dumber than a box of rock.
You want to pour gas on them and set them on fire these days?
Realizing they're going to find it.
Oh, it sounds like fun.
That sounds like a show.
No items in this is a view in the email.
Oh, my God.
That's because these people don't know from tealot tequila.
Their kids are busy watching that crap.
And they don't know from tealot tequila because they're too busy going out and gambling and stuff like that.
I got a story about the seminal something here somewhere.
I don't know where it is.
I'll get around to it.
Okay, we're taking it.
We're really easy.
We're playing all the old real.
In fact, I was thinking about playing this again.
Is he more than a touch-tone phone?
Because you won't play.
The louder the loudest.
The more dramatic drill.
Able to sidestep reality in a single loud.
That was you know, Jim Stone.
Sure.
Whatever you say.
Look, it's on the phone.
It's your magic.
It's your brain, Jackass.
He's the only reason people.
Oh, no, it's Yinta Man.
Oh, man, I love it.
I love it just as I can.
The best talent.
You don't have no life.
Okay, I love you.
I love you, my mind.
I love you, my mind.
You're way am the fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Jim Manditz.
Afternoon.
Sport a seven.
Sports radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
You're a bad.
It's the all new three students.
Starring Curly Howard.
Larry Fine.
And Clint Eastwood as Moor.
All right, you knuckleheads.
Be careful with my stuff.
Don't break anything.
Ah, testing out my bed.
Are you Curly?
Yeah.
Take that.
And you, porky fine.
Take my dresser upstairs.
Ah, take it when I'm ready.
Oh, yeah.
Are you ready?
Yeah, I'm ready.
Why are we all whispering?
I don't know about you guys.
But I talk like this all the time.
Now you guys just be yourselves.
Why are you my order?
What a bunch of assholes.
This is going to be a long season.
And don't forget that part.
Well, I can't believe that they actually had the ass board
close to it on there.
How do you like that?
That was back in the day.
I'm going to get all these old ACNs this guy here.
I only got like 600 of them.
Oh, and look at this.
The wheel of meat.
Yeah.
Wheel of meat.
Go, come on.
Wheel of meat.
If you recall.
Wheel of meat is a jerky beet production.
Fish fill the lonious freakish.
Yeah.
Rick used to comment frequently about how they ripped him off or them.
I don't believe in ACN.
Well, that's what Rick would say.
Are you calling him a liar?
I'm telling you what Rick said.
You can call him whatever you want.
You're calling him a liar and an A-hole and stuff like that.
I'm just telling you what Rick said.
This is perfect for our strike.
Meaning the dial to bring you the constant anxiety of jerks.
The wheel of hip music.
The agony of our jokes.
Hey, boy.
This is the wide world of dorks.
Plus the ratings of geeks, twerps and bozos on Morning Radio's wide world of dorks.
Oh, boy.
You people don't know your hype masters when you are given the opportunity.
That was up on 17, by the way.
Oh, there's the president of Shell Oil Company.
Kill him.
165 votes.
Which of these people is most about hype and not about talent?
Paris Hilton 72.
She's winning hands down her pantaloons.
Dr. Phil 30, Rush Limbaugh 22, Howard Spurm 17, Oprah 10, big fat, Cawie Oprah 10,
Hannah Montana 9, J-105, and Madonna don't have any.
She's the mistress of hype.
But she don't have any.
Can you believe that?
Maybe she just got two stiff competition there.
Yeah.
Or maybe that cabala worked for her, you know?
Right.
That Jew crap.
Keith says, now this makes no sense to me.
It says, I was just thinking about your old WIOD days.
I saw you in a remote somewhere in sunrise.
You were the chillies or somewhere like that.
I don't think so.
One of your handlers are salesmen.
One of your handlers.
Maybe it was a man handler.
Or a salesman who had curly red or blonde hair said, I look like Pete Rose.
Then he said, I didn't look like Pete Rose.
What a PR I thought.
I can't say the word.
It rhymes with Nick.
It says Keith.
Do you remember anything like that?
No.
A remote in sunrise.
A chillies?
I don't think so.
I know where the chillies is.
That's where I met Rimmer.
He invited me to buy him lunch.
First time I ever met him.
At the chillies there on sunrise.
Boulevard.
You know, and sunrise.
I see.
Cross from the soil grass.
That's where I first met Rimmer.
That was on the on the notes to me at the time.
That was the first of dozens, maybe hundreds of meals I'd be buying for him.
Oh my god.
Talk about a snorer.
Brandon says there was a time that all I would watch was MTV.
Because at the time MTV had some of the best shows and still showed music videos.
I remember those days it was hot.
However, that was 8 to 10 years ago.
Real world used to be a good show.
Now it's trash.
Yep.
All the music shows are gone.
Beavis and Butthead are gone.
Even the award shows are crap.
What used to be a thriving network has been diminished to a channel for rich spoiled brats to show up to their friends.
Paris Hilton to get more TV time.
And no name nobody is getting a show so they can get a date or get laid.
Like Tila tequila.
It's a chance to love.
It's your chance to love.
You got to go home, you're ugly, you're gross.
And all these guys with tattoos come on.
They all say the same thing.
We don't want guys with tattoos.
So why do they invite guys with tattoos on the show?
To get a shot down.
Yeah, so they could say that.
Oh my god, the one guy they had on last night.
He had like tattoos on his neck.
I mean, oh, gross.
Plus, even without the tattoos, he was as schmutzzy as they come.
Nasty looking.
Real dirt bag.
It says that's just three of the 15 or 20 garbage shows they currently have.
Well, thank God I don't get forced to watch the other one.
The heels.
Oh, and then of course the watch is named the wrestler.
Hulk Hogan.
Hulk Hogan.
You know, you know, this is like a disease.
Yeah.
I see you know, I see in the family.
That was some funny stuff.
And then we went really downhill with the gaudy family.
That was real garbage.
And then of course, what's his name from kiss gene?
What's his name?
Seven kids.
Seven family.
And now we got Hulk Hogan and his daughter and his gay son.
His gummy family every last one of them.
Right, including him.
Him especially.
Right.
Him, her, the mom, the son, murdering son.
And they keep infesting the TV screen with his crap.
I realize nobody makes you watch it.
But how can this, and a lot of these bad shows are on A&E.
And what have I been telling you about them for the last couple of years?
Used to be like an intellectual network.
They used to have some really, really good stuff on there.
And once in a while they still do.
Like a medical injustice with Bill Curtis.
A medical injustice.
But generally speaking, they've got a bunch of turd on there.
Oh.
What kind of people are growing up watching that swill?
Besides morons.
Morons.
He said it.
Oh.
He says, speaking to morons, he's talking about the silly brits.
They invented Moronity.
Moronicity.
Moronicity.
Good morning, just a comment regarding hype.
How about the entire silly British world crap family?
I guess the stupid bits that got killed in the car was the main one.
She wasn't the main one.
She was small potatoes, Diana.
She wasn't even related just by marriage.
But still big years and that entire silly bunch of Germans continued to make the news.
Why aren't we hearing more about that bigger debuggery that he was involved in?
Also, if you're playing a little bit, how about the one called Moe Eats?
Moe Eats?
Do we have such a bit?
I never heard of that.
I think so, but I don't know if that's the name of it.
I think there's one called Moe Eats?
Get out of here.
Moe Eats, my ass.
That's what I heard.
Yeah.
You wish.
I don't wish.
Sure you do.
Maybe it is.
No, I don't.
Oh, God.
No, there's no such bit.
There's nothing I love more than people requesting vits that don't exist, or that they haven't
got any idea of what the name of it is, what it's all about.
Kathy says, was listening to an archive, showing her discussing spray on condoms.
Remember that?
Yep.
I used to work for a TV production company that produced infomercials and syndicated how two shows.
I did research for the producers finding products to be featured in the show segments,
on at about 3 a.m. and decided to contact them for our health show.
Spoke to one of the inventors on the phone.
He was a difficult interview because he was from South America and claimed he didn't feel comfortable
discussing things like this with a lady.
But I had to ask one pressing question.
Their website had a video demonstrating the application of their solution on a broomstick or something,
and with absolutely 100% form fitting.
And whereas the common version of a condom requires a bit of room or reservoir tip for that magic moment as the rifters would say.
Now as J.A.N.E. Americans would say, this magic moment, boy, that's a great song by J.A.N.E. Americans.
I mean the drifter did that too, but not like J.A.N.E. Americans.
That J. black man, he could build out a quarter rounds of sound like nobody. He was good.
You got it?
This magic, huh?
Looking...
Let's start with that little guitar crack.
Like that, see?
Down, down, down, down.
And that'll have it, like the rifters.
Good.
Good.
Nobody can touch J.A.N.E. Americans.
And at this stage, who would want to?
This magic moment, boy, that's just a different time.
So he would just be singing.
Tracing the jazz down all over the country.
I'd have been on a Greyhound bus, a gay hunt.
It said, I asked this man what happens with your product at that point?
Does it stretch? Could it break?
Does it back up the plumbing and someone loses hearing?
I mean, I've made someone laugh and shoot milk out there and it was, but this is ridiculous.
This guy got all flustered and refused to answer the question again.
Clemmie wouldn't be proper to discuss that, but it didn't sound genuine.
It confirmed my suspicion.
These guys know this will never be practical for use.
However, there's a lot of you might have been getting people to invest in research and developing funds
out of what you paid a salary for however long you keep convincing people that this has promised.
It's like Ron Popeel in that hairspray.
Remember that?
Yep.
The spray on hair.
Don't go out in the rain, but that didn't work for so long.
Or at least three years ago, and they've been at the same stage of development since then.
Nice work if you can get it, says Kathy.
Thanks, Kathy.
Spray on condom, my ass.
The biggest name.
Maybe that's what they should spray.
The fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The best talent.
The CEO.
Wake nights from being to an emin.
You're on.
The fourth leader.
The fiveth leader.
The sports leader.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to the station.
Absolutely.
Finally got a call here.
The number one rated to Moe Halliday, David and his show.
At least according to my aspirations.
So long.
Stay away from me.
I don't even know how you have children.
Bera-Bah, hello.
Yes, I want to take on J. Feeder.
Oh, J. Feeder.
Is a great quarterback and a good judge.
I like J. Feeder.
Well, not to mention, he's got extraordinary, smooth, but toxic.
Oh, yeah.
David, you got to be careful what you say here.
Oh, keep up.
Thank you, Moe.
Oh, no, no, wait a minute.
Don't go.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this?
I was the weather down there in the mirror, Moe.
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, I know. Wait.
By the way, something.
No, no, I have to go.
Okay.
Tell me what.
I'll hold you over in a break.
How's that, man?
I'll give you one of my old tank teachers.
How's that?
Bye, bye, bye.
No, wait.
That was the only caller we had.
Give away the phones.
Where
This is sinusitis.
Oh, you sayanderd
Using pimples you'd walk high, high, high, high
If you go look in the mirror you'll see
A road map of Yipps-O-L-T
You got your hairy sacks, way too tight, I say
Wow, wow, wow
My nose glows when something steams
Almost every day I'd be
And my veins has really started to go
My I've annoyed and tortured or tortured
Yeah I love like a ball in a bag
That's because I'm incredibly old-time
With no sense of the pointful pain
It's a pain that you're still seeing
And I have turned up this memory
Oh no, I love bleeding
I love bleeding
I love bleeding
I love bleeding
I'm trying to out-send me
1047, EQM
Let me ask you this question since you're the expert on all things obscure and not...
Oh the sun is shining, look at that, it's sunny and beautiful out there, just realize that
That's not the question
And cold as to which is asked
What was I going to ask you?
Oh yeah, poick-poick-poick veins
Okay
Now you've seen guys as they get old
Their nose gets big and red
And you can actually see the poick-poick veins in them, you know what I mean?
Right, like varicose veins on your nose
Right, that's right, varicose veins in the nose
Yes
Now does your nose get bigger as you get older? That's my question
Yes
It does? Yes, and ears and feet
Ears?
Ears, never
Oh, preference, Charlie
Never stop, Charlie
Can you imagine the crown they're going to have to have for that queen?
Holy cow
Wow
We got 200 votes on the pool, let's see how the outlook is fresh, no items in this view, you know
They come in spurts
Ask Peter North, he'll tell you about that, he'll tell you how it works
Which of these people is most about hype and not about talent?
Well Madonna finally got a vote
I mean, I just don't get it
I remember when Donnie Osmond was on my show on IOD 100 years ago
And he was really bitter about Michael Jackson and Madonna talking about how
Both of them were strictly about hype and hype and hype and everybody that all these phony things they did to get attention
Even negative things
Yeah
Although the last one didn't work for Michael though
No
204 votes
Which is most about hype and least about talent? Paraselton 90, no talent, none
What about what's your name?
Tila tequila
Oh yeah
Although nobody knows who that is, it's not worth putting around
I mean a couple of people who, you know
Tila tequila, if that isn't the worst shmit in the history of television
Even Mr. Wizard, Don Herbert is rolling over in his grave, the fact they put that on TV
It's a second chance, yeah
Are you a dyke? Are you straight? Are you both hearing in your ass?
Have you got enough tattoos to make me want to puke?
Oh my god
All the emoting
See one thing about reality shows, you can go to the bank on that is there's no reality
It's all scripted, it's all fake, it's all about as real as the Jerry Springer show
Those fights, you know, it's all as real as that
And these dumb dumb shuttons watch that crap in the afternoon, and of course these dumb kids watch MTV
Oh it's Tila tequila, she turned her down, she got turned down by that pasty blonde with the big tree trunk legs
Paraselton 90, Dr. Phil 36, Rush Limbo log 26, how it sperm 21? Oh you can't be picking the howie
Oh no, all those serial people get up sitting it's all the way up to 16 cent
Hannah Montana 12, Oprah 11, Jay Leno 6, and Madonna 2
Oh yeah, Jay Leno is going to be on a 10, well guess what, I didn't watch him at 11, 30, I'm going to be watching him at 10
Or any other time they put his ass on, I wouldn't watch him if you paid me by the second
Talk about a luck, talk about muzzle
He used to fill it on Carson, and then Carson retired and then croaked and Alino is a big shot for last time
You ever see that movie because it was actually very interesting, but how he got the deal and no
I think I don't know if it was Kathy Bates or somebody that plays the agent that actually most sold to him
Why would she take to his knee? Yeah, muscled the whole deal through it was actually very interesting, a lot of insightful stuff in there
Really? Yeah, what movie is that? I don't...
Sounds even better than the thing with who, how I'll look it up
It was actually very very interesting and very well done, especially if you don't like Jay Leno because it showed how it happened
It was not based on his ability to steal over a net show
I like Tom's Conn read and how am I any ginkgold?
It's because you're an old fart, you know you're...
Well I don't think young people are that much into Jay Leno, I could be wrong about that but nevertheless
And Letterman, if I have to see him throw the pencil through the fake window again, you know I can watch Keith Oberman throw the wadded up news story through the fake window
I think that's the same fake window, isn't it? Yes
How do you know? Make it it up
Charlie says, just heard you talking about Luke Halpern
Well first of all, that's not his name, he's not Jewish
He's probably circumusquipped but he's not Jewish
Well at 10.45 Eastern time, Flipper's new adventure is on Turner Classic Movie Channel, TMC, Happy Chanuka, he says
Is not what you were watching?
Is that what the one was? It was on this morning and I mentioned it to you and he was like...
He was 15, he looked like about 10 and even I'm two, I'm just, you know, I can't handle that
He looked about 10 years old, I'm sorry I'm not into 10 years old, what channel am I looking for?
TMC, Turner Classic, see here they're different, Navy Seals, oh Harris Fluffer's new adventure
What year is this from?
Oh no, this is enough the same one, he's over here, 64
Who is 17 in his way still looks like he's 10 years old
Jesus, approach up a little Luke
You know why he looks so young because he was scrawny
Remember what we're talking about that the other day?
Yeah, scrawny
Hot, but scrawny
Hey Luke, what do you got there?
Well you know when you were a kid you turned on TV and whatever was like exciting, naked and hot and interesting, you will watch this
See even Flipper's all excited and turned on by it
He said Flip your magic twang or Sandy?
Oh they're saying he would close on who wants to see that
Well I guess I'm going to be watching this all day so you better watch CNN
Oh Flip for his new adventure Flip or my ass
Oh brother, that's the only reason anybody ever watched this
Was kids who were into like hot you know, queens like me, young queens and pedophiles no doubt
A pedophiles delight
This is cute, orthodox, choose saltwater taffy
You know I haven't had that in a long time saltwater taffy orthodox, oh okay
Or orthodox, choose
And the writing on the package on the bag is like in Hebrew with the star David on top a Jewish tradition
Ha ha ha ha ha ha it sent from me from Kiske Pupik thanks Kiske I bet you that's chicken neck
Could be I don't know he comes up with all these crazy names right I sent him an email the other day
I said okay be Benadirat I don't even remember who the hell she was she was on I
Mary Joan or something like that orthodox, choose saltwater taffy is great and that's kosher for pace often Chanukha and any holiday I guess
You like saltwater taffy? Yeah, just like how about daddy McCallum whatever happened to that scratchy voice bitch
Daffy McCallum they had her on before me at INZ for a couple of years she had a real scratchy voice I'm taffy McCallum
Boy she was bad she wasn't as bad as Jewels Adler aka mr. Broward he's still dead by the way mr. Broward his name was Jewels Adler but he didn't use that name on here was a collar he's a chronic collar they made him into a talk show he's just like Lionel
Or the history of this business of people be besides ex-jocks everybody's a talk show host
Proof you're a toddler like footy look that worked out really well didn't just like Jimmy syphilis is gonna work real well not
Jimmy syphilitic are you people crazy or what over there that Ken Charles you know anytime normist
There's tell me about the oh this guy's really great. He's a big fan he's I know he's full of crap I know he's talking about a
Demented person
Ken Charles a cheap channel first of all anybody who's one of their henchmen over there like PD Volder used to be and Ken Charles is now
Don't feel bad Stan they don't want to pay anybody a dime all they want to do is open up a pot and put some cheap syndicated crap on here that's
Teap channel it's a cheap channel. I've been way they've destroyed the business destroyed butchered and thanks to Randy Michaels by the way for destroying
J. Corp and forcing them to all sell out to the channel and also for destroying the Sun Sentinel and the whole
Chicago Tribune operation nice going there Randy and they all rave oh Randy Michaels is involved this is going to be sensational just like his great success and radio what are you people talking about
The fake Alice Rantel says if you've seen your buddy Tom don't like us lately see now this is in the category of BS
He's got to be over 300 pounds still wears the dark glasses and leather jacket he's still this afternoon's a 97.1 FM talk KLS X and L.A. Don Buckwald is his agent
If you want to see how bad he looks just do a YouTube search a you cute search he speaks highly of you but says he was the only one to beat your ass in the ratings
Let me say it again let me clarify it for the last time for the hundredth and last time the only time time like his beat me or anybody
Else in the ratings was in the fall of 80 seven whatever that year was on I was on I and Z and they carried the world series on my station
Near United and so I was almost never on during that book
Says he had a battle with Phil Henry for a while well he couldn't look Phil Henry's ass or mine
So he was going around oh he and Larry Kent on the year over there
Oh the man that brought the king to his knees and beat near Roger and then the next book came out I had a seven share and he had a three
And that's when he got in the car in the middle of the night three in the morning packed up his goodies and took off for Arizona
Just took off didn't tell anybody was leaving
Tom don't like us talk about a talent
The biggest name
They all like you either kind of my
Later
The biggest name
You're listening to sports radio five sixty WQ am my am a Ford Latter-dale
This is the Neal Rancher show
This is your brain
Any questions?
I've got sunshine on W-I-N-Z
T-toy, t-toy, toy
When there's a hurricane, blow the baby
It's still the name
From two to six
I guess you say
What can make me feel that way
Standard your ears
Talking about standard's
Standard's
I've got so much honey
There's a bee in the bee
He checks the most colors
While he's smoking on a starchy
I guess you say
Two to six
Tell you I-N-Z
Standard's
Talking about standard's
Standard's
Standard's
You're ready to hey hey hey
Hey hey hey hey
Hey hey hey
Hey hey hey
All my radiation on my radio
I've got my floating oxygen baby
Which damn major on my radio
All together now, everybody
I guess you say
W-I-N-Z
Two to six
Standard's
Talking about standard's
Standard's
Standard's
Oh, these incredibly untill they j-m-m-ike
Let me know with three
At least I remember who it was this time
See my members coming back
Good
Two scrawny, Luke
He's just scrawny
I guess when you're scrawny
It makes you look a lot longer
Younger than you really are
When you're fat it makes you look older, Tubby
But when you're scrawny it makes you look young, younger
Right?
Yep
Like the Jonas Brothers for example
They look about like five years old for Christ's
I don't know what you're getting all excited about them for
Oh, you know me
Here's one that says Tom Lik is un-listenable
He sucks
Let me tell you a little more about that story
Since we're living in the past and reminiscing
Well, at the end of the year, you know
For a good old old time, Sake, and wow
We're all laying Zion, all right
What is all laying Zion?
Whenever you're out going through that and asking
They tell me but I don't really want to
Yeah, let's look
I'll pick it up
I'll fax it to you or something
Call living in the past
Anyway, so when that book came out
And Larry King is on WNWS going
After I'd gone over to INZ
Oh, he brought the King to his knees
Tom Lik is demolished
Neal Rogers in the fallbook
Well, so I was so teed
And of course in those days
I didn't have an agent
Not that I have one now
And so I had management
I went to them and I beseeched them
To contact Arbitron, the raiding people in Maryland
Beltsville, Maryland
And we had the day by day break out of the ratings
And the days that the World Series was on
And I'm not making this up
You can check it out
The days the World Series was on
And we had a no diary
Zero
Which kind of brought the ratings down
A little bit, you know
Considering that the World Series was on for like seven days
Oh, point
Oh, kind of like Bill Billo is the numbers on the radio in this market
Before we took his radio show off
Oh, don't worry Luke, I'll come and save you
It must be a pirate ship there
Oh, the pirates of Penn Zance
Maybe it's a Johnny Depp coming to get Luke Harkin
I'd sure like to see that
So Alice is back again to fake Alice Rantel
I challenge you people that are like like Manny Munoz
And all the other radio misfits that are sitting around writing this
Although some of it's fairly interesting
Well, why not use your real name?
What's the matter?
Well, you're in a closet or something
You're afraid you're going to get canned by Ken Charles over there at Cheap Channel
You losers at IOD
What a horse ball station that is
Now to just put a big swastika on the front door in that place
Nazi radio
Including the Jimmy Cifalidic
Oh my god, what a loser
And you know damn well
That's the reason that they didn't contact me
Aside from the fact they hate me like poison
But you know damn well that they wouldn't have contacted me when they were up here
Because Jimmy was part of the entourage
They couldn't just said, oh Jimmy, you stay back at the hotel
You go cruise down there on Young Street or something
And we'll go lunch with Neil
They couldn't do that, couldn't they?
Not that they wanted to nor that I want
But it just would have been a nice gesture
Just like sending you a birthday card or me one
Right?
Did they put a balloon in there?
At least you're there, they have no excuse
All what you're not here, we didn't know what the mail would show up
Even though it shows up the next day, you know
Did they check them, they envelope come for you or what?
Not yet, no
That better show up this week, I've mailed it out on over the weekend
Friday I guess
I'm sure it'll be for you and paint in the S-cortis
Fake Alice's, I just heard you read the email from Stan Major
Why don't you bring him in to talk about all times on W-Y-N-Z
Oh my god, can you imagine that?
You think Johnny Dork was bad having him in there
Sucking up free food, can you imagine Stan Lee T. Major blowing
Stokey smoking your pus?
It says you forget the good times you had when he followed you on W-Y-N-Z
This was during the Miami Vice-Days and Stan was obsessed with Don Johnson
Maybe can bring in all those classic carts signed fake Alice
Oh yeah, oh my god, I wouldn't be surprised if Stan ascended some of these with you
I wouldn't be, he's listening
And you know who else is listening right now?
Don't guess, because it's true, I won't be able to find it
I'm a little slower than I used to be being an old old towed fan now
I know, an old turret, I'll find it
I'll find it
Oh, I don't know what it's under
Oh here it is
I'm listening, that's what it's under
Yeah, he's listening
I'm listening just like he did when he was on the station
24-7, listen to the Stan, think you ever got any sleep?
Calling in off the air, calling in the Hank?
That was really something, calling in a Joe Rose
Remember that?
Called him an A-hole off the air?
Yep
Poor Luke has lost it, see I think it is a little rowboat
Maybe he needs me to fix the engine
Here's one that says Ray Leno, it was a TV movie called Late Night
Does it ring a bell?
Yes
Well why didn't you let out an exclamation there?
Let out a Gashry
Oh yeah!
You're kind of like a low key right now, like I am, I'm very low key
I don't know why, I'm just very mellow pop
I don't know why, I'm just very mellow pop
Are you really?
Oh, dizzy
From what?
I don't know
Somebody tainted Georgia's food yesterday
Must have been, or the day before, happened to be a bad taint
Yeah
And?
And I don't know
Anyway, yes, Late Night, very good movie
I think Kathy Bates is the agent
It's all about her, the movie, pretty much
Really?
And you know, yeah, you get a lot of insight about the business
and how it happened
And yeah, you want an agent like her, I was trying to tell you that earlier
Let's see, Dr. Phil Blowe's Mooseball says this email
I can't stand that loser, he's such an ass
Another no talent bitch you should add is Kathy Lee, says Bill Curtin
But Kathy Lee, we don't see any more, thank God
Right?
Right
She's back on today show
She is?
Yeah, that extra hour or something that they do
Kathy Lee Gifford?
Her husband's an hotel and two, but at least he was a hell of a football player
That would be a local broadcaster
He was part of the jockocracy that Kosoca used to scream about
Which is funny, because Kosoca was on his Monday Night Games
with Gifford and Dandy Don
Turn out the lights, the party's over
Oh boy, and now look what we got
Now we got all these people, who the hell are those three clowns?
Mike Toreco, is that the guy?
The playbook, I guess
On Monday Night
And then you got that awful Tony Cornhole who has nothing to say
He's like Dennis Miller
He thinks he's very funny, but he's not
You think it's a joke, but it's not
255 votes, boy they're just trickling in on the emails today
That's not a good sign
They're all probably watching the adventures of Flipper from 1964
That's right, you shouldn't have done that
You shouldn't have done one
Told people that that was on
Yeah, that's right
Well nobody should have told me I'm watching it now
And Sandy's all alone there on the island
He's drinking guava juice or something
Boy
Scrawney, but he sure was pretty
He was a pretty young man
But Scrawney looks like about five years old
And Flipper, Sanji, butch up a little bit sweetheart
You look like a real pansy
That's one thing about Luke Alpin
We never heard such rumors
I'm sure he was married and procreated
And had like a whole bunch of kids and you know
Right?
Right
Good head of a sexual boy
That's what America needs not these pansies
Nothing can't get like Jesse McCartney for example
I never heard him before but I just took one look at him
And I thought to myself
Oh, you're fair
Well that's not really what I thought
I thought, oh
I thought, oh God that's good
Too faggy lately
You're too faggy
Well let's see what George wants
He wants me to be a real fag
Yeah
Up here
The hell it's not
Oh here's another one that's got like Chinese letters on it
Another idiot who doesn't know how to send the
Now what were you telling me about this yesterday
Because I can't figure it out
I forgot to tell you we could play with some settings
To see if it is something on yours but probably
Oh I don't get that many of them I get like maybe two or three a day like that
And I'm sure they have nothing to say anyway
261 votes on our world famous pool
Our goal today is 500 let's set a real high bar there
For a fat Chris
So what's the story with you?
Do we have any update or not?
No idea
Good
Just keep showing up every day
And when a clearance comes in
They just slam the door on his nasty ass
Say go get the search party and search for a penis
Okay, get out of my face
Darrow
You simple then
God is he evil
He's just...
He is to our station what PD Boulder used to be the teap channel
And before that to a...
God Gannett
Or an impaction in between
Remember that dinner we had at the...
Yep, whatever the hell it was
Where it was now out of the...
Burton Shacks
PD Boulder and Rana Fink Wolf
Oh we've decided we're gonna...
You're gonna be so happy you guys we gave up
We paid Steve Nickel to go away
Yeah
And...
And...
Oh here's one from the fake clearance
We'll get to that after the break
Thank God we're starting to get in touch with the fake clearance
Which of these people is most about hype and not about talent
Paris Hilton 119, Dr. Phil 43, Rush Limbaugh 32
Howard Stern 26, oh my god
How these people are gonna be really poor...
Boba Boo is gonna be foaming at the mouth
Oprah 15, Hannah Montana 14
J. Lino 8, Amadonna, Solomente Quattro
Oh I gotta do a spot
And you didn't even interrupt me
You didn't correct me and say boy I'm fat so you gotta spot the new
Why don't you go and realize them?
You did?
Yep
12 minutes past 11 at 560 WQA
The best thing, the best talent
It's the big O or Land of Elves or Gary
One is all into the board
Sport Radio 560
QAMM
The sports gear
Damn good
It's the Andy Griffith Show
Starring Andy Griffith
As Sheriff Andy Taylor
Francis Bavaria's Ann B
Don Natses Barney
And Clint Eastwood as OB
Don P. Did you tell your father what happened in school today?
I... hell no
I had a call from the principal this afternoon
The principal?
Hey B, you're not only old and wrinkled
You got a big mouth too
What is that?
Oh it's not at all, surprise
What is?
During lunch period your son handcuffed Ralph Baker to the flagpole
You did what?
But Paul, he was being an ass-******
No man, what kind of language is that?
Let's English
I wouldn't be in this trouble now if Barney hadn't given me those handcuffs
Dog on it, Opie, told you not to use them on real people
Barney, I'm surprised with you
You too, Opie
Wait a minute, I play like a good lawman and you say you're surprised
I say you should be proud
Right Paul
Proud, proud, proud, proud, proud, proud, proud, proud, proud
How do you know that's Pat Goon doing whistling on that?
1118 at 560 WQAM
So I get a bio and a picture of the fake Alice Rentel
That's your convinces made, don't it convince you?
Oh yeah, how fake it is?
274 on fact Chris is pulled, you're going to have a real challenge to get to 500 today
I mean we put this baby under a fresh right at the start of the show
Right?
Yep, right at 10am
Oh we had 9.50 on the previous one
What?
We had 9.50 on the previous ones, where are we at over 1000?
Doesn't know how it works
No wonder you're getting canned
Say what?
Here's one that says, Neil, I have to agree with tricky to keep his skin as absolutely the most beautiful place on earth
Absolutely
Every time I drive across the cause where I'm simply awed it takes my breath away
I don't, I mean keep his skin as you know it's pretty
It's not the most beautiful place on earth
The most beautiful place I've seen is Hamburg, Germany
I don't know what the name of the river is there
But we stayed in a hotel that was like right on the river
Oh it's just a beautiful city
I'm not saying I like Hamburg, I didn't, it's no Berlin and it's no Cologne
But boy, talk about beautiful greenery
Parks and that big lake
Anybody out there know the big lake in Hamburg?
And that's just thing that in Germany they got Frankfurt and they got Hamburg
Yeah
See the connection, the concoction between hamburger and hamburger and frankforder
Frankforder?
Fake Fairy Jack, guys
I think we already had this yesterday but some of these people just is bubble on the way out of serious we don't care
Maybe some of you people are, I've never heard of him so I'm not going to pass comment
But I will say this, anybody I know in a business who has heard him said that he's a simply Tampa redneck radio at its worst
That's what I've been told
Kind of like Ron and Ron warmed over all over again
Is Bubba loves bunch planning an immediate exit from a serious satellite radio as the fake Fairy Jack, guys
Last Friday Bubba ran against serious management
Ripping into their decision to sign a lucrative contract with Martha Stewart
And claiming the company does not promote his show on Howard Stern's channels
He also said, goodbye to his listeners in case it was his last day on satellite radio
The normal replay of Bubba showed later that day was pulled because of his rant
Oh, this is a place where there's no censorship right?
Isn't that the big deal that they're always ran and ran away?
Yeah, right
Right
As long as you suck Howard's ass then there's no censorship
A spokesperson for Bubba tells FMQB that his contract runs until the summer 19 and that Bubba's agent Tom Bean is still in negotiations with the satcaster
As for Bubba's staying or going could go either way at this point it says
And then it says you can hear the audio of Bubba's rant. I don't want to hear it. I don't know if you're sure you're not going to play it
The fake Fairy Jack has just obsessed with serious so he's probably also the fake read you know probably the same person probably Jeremy Coleman or his boyfriend
God, what's will no items in his view?
How do you like that?
I'm telling you right now he is too scrawny in this movie and to be honest with you having watched flipper when it was on live
You know back in the 60s. Yeah, he never got any less scrawny. He was kind of like Robbie Benson who looked like he was 10 years old until he was 70.
How old is Robbie Benson by the way he's probably 60 something to any.
Let's find out.
Remember that movie one on one?
No.
School supply school supply.
Oh, I'm speaking about us rantell and stuff we haven't played in a long time.
Nice talk up by the way.
I'm not going to be a pretty honest standing in the front row.
It's in over so much.
I'm scratching in the dark and thinking of the false.
There we go.
Look at that.
So cool.
Look at that.
Right.
It's pretty pretty honest standing in the front row.
We can tell the crowd.
We had a restaurant that we both advertised in WNW.
It's called the palace.
And I got Luke Krohn with that time was our very nervous Nelly GM.
I got him really upset because I started talking about our appearance there.
Come and see Neil and Alice at the palace.
Cute.
That's why I started calling Rantell Alice on here.
He's 50.
Oh, geez.
Why are you doing that?
Because he's a fruit.
He's a closet queen.
That's why.
Who was obsessed with Sean Cassidy by the way.
I mean, it's one thing to be obsessed with David Cassidy that at least you know there's something to be said for that.
Even the guy with the eyes.
But Sean Cassidy.
Good.
Good.
God.
That was back in the Charlie Krapas days at WNW.
It's Charlie still dead by the way.
And everybody called me up one day and said, any idea where I can get a liver?
Cute.
No, it's not cute.
It's a true story.
He called me at home to ask you to inquire if I knew where he could get a liver.
And I should have said that publics their son are for like a buck nineteen a pound or something like that.
But that would have been bad taste.
He was dying.
I don't know what he had.
He was in a wheelchair.
And I don't know what he had.
Maybe a mess some I don't know.
He had something that there wasn't good.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And now he's dead.
I'd sure be interested in finding out although nobody knows.
And you Google these people.
And it's not like they were all that obscure.
But Google is very, very incomplete, very incomplete.
Like Prescott Robinson's a live or dead.
Steve Daley, dead or alive.
That's back when we had the morning news team there on WS News.
WNWS, WS News.
790 on the dial which has now become ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket.
What a disgrace.
Nice going Dennis Collins.
You sure butcher that up after we put you guys to sleep with the snooze crews.
The WS News crews.
We put them out of business.
That was great.
Then of course all those losers might have gone to the light bulb WFTL.
The original FTL, not all these 85 sports stations that James Crystal Bogus radio's got on now.
WFTL, the light bulb with Norma Cant on the air.
Oh, what a show.
And Mr. Ego and all those fake, all the fake controversies, all the debates, you know.
They mini battle of the talk show host.
Well, Mr. Cant, Mr. Rantell.
Mr. Rantell, do you remember that?
Yep.
You probably never even heard any of that.
Nope.
Nick Lawrence was over there.
He's smelling really bad.
Met him at IOD.
First time I heard of any of that.
Met him at IOD for the number of the name or solid.
He was at the light bulb.
He was joined with Mr. Ego at the hip.
He was part of that triumph right now.
Mr. Ego, Brian Craig and Nick Lawrence.
When he used to, when Mr. Ego used to show up at Pompa no Park once in a while and weekend, they would be with him.
It was like part of a traveling entourage, you know, like, like a minstrel show.
Like that.
Yeah.
Well, what is that all about?
I mean, traveling entourage, I don't get that.
I mean, Fat Rich used to go to the track with me a lot and my friend Derek, but they weren't on the show.
Although it was Fat Rich from the near Roger show I've got about that.
Well, he counts as two people.
Or it used to.
Oh, you're bad.
You are so bad.
He never said a bad word about you.
I never said a bad word about him.
You just got through doing it.
His name was Fat Rich for Christ's sake.
If he didn't have a sense of humor about it.
Hey Richie.
I had the super, I had the super.
And his brother for what it's worth is a mention also.
His brother is at the moment of Pornos.
I don't think so.
Mitch.
What's his business?
He's in South day.
He's got like some kind of a Pornos shop.
Head shop.
I said, I can understand the confusion.
No, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't think I ever met his brother.
I sure met his other relatives though.
Oh my god.
Like the day that his brother-in-law showed up and was sitting with us at the table of Hank.
That was the night I invited a hangtab dinner with us at Pompano Park in the clubhouse.
And Hank shows up and we're halfway through the meal.
And the Richie's brother says to hang, oh, this is my brother, Fat Rich, my, whatever, my brother-in-law.
As if Hank didn't know who he was.
He was just bizarre.
Couldn't we feed Sandy like a sandwich or something?
I mean, he really had a perfect face in the history of my life.
I have seldom seen anyone with a face that pretty.
You know what I mean?
And he had a pretty mouth too.
The biggest name.
The best towner.
He don't get a sandwich.
He's four hundred and you'll five hundred.
He doesn't get a sandwich.
He's the best towner.
He's the biggest name.
The best towner.
He's the biggest name.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
We're in the city of Gioros.
I never played that.
I never played that.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
I never played that before my life.
The following is a test.
For the next 60 seconds, this station will conduct a test
of the emergency casting system.
This is only a test.
I can't believe it.
It simply opens for 24 hours.
And my leading lady runs off of the pro sup.
And my leading lady runs off of the pro sup.
Oh, get me Susan Antonine.
Get me Helen Hayes today.
He's a happy fire scene.
I don't care.
I've got a cast this part.
It's an emergency!
This has been a test.
Now what the hell could this be? Pyramid show open.
Ha ha ha! Thank you! Welcome back and listen how we all ready to play the Pyramid!
Alright let's go! Alright let's start the clock!
And go! Okay grumpy, sleepy, dopey, bashful.
Right go!
Oprah and...
It's right! Come on! Go!
Okay.
Yo, yo, baby, I'm loonie, baby.
It is right! One more!
Ah, please your favorite music, really makes you laugh. Great personalities, fun contest.
That's it!
That was it?
Yeah, not very good. What disc is that you have in there?
Five.
That's what I thought.
Wow, yeah, yeah, there's more good stuff on there. I won't get to it.
In fact, maybe I'll just play all the disc between them in the end of the year.
All the ACN.
Six has a couple good ones.
Does it really?
Yeah.
Six? Well let me put this one away.
Alright.
I mean we're down to a precious few now.
Oh I got more leave into beavers and more anti-grifuses.
But you know we don't want to overdo that.
No, I can't get enough beaver. What are you talking about?
Wrong!
Not wrong.
Seven.
It's always room for beaver.
Three.
Four three.
I'm dead out of the beast any order.
You're in my drawer.
What?
Nothing.
No, that's funny.
You're in my drawer.
Like what's that?
I'm going to go off my horse.
Three hundred nine votes on the pool.
I shouldn't really turn this off because it's getting it's embarrassing to me.
He's just scrawny.
He looks about like ten or eleven years old, Sandy.
And all you fags out there like, oh look, like that.
That's how I would be.
It's bad.
One thing, here's a little piece of advice for all you idiots out there.
Check ID, okay?
Always check ID.
That a good piece of advice?
Absolutely.
Oh, absolutely.
Day without a gay is the latest protest against California Game Average Band.
Neil, you were supposed to not come to work today and you know today I do know that it's boring.
Yeah.
Call him gay and they'll come to work.
Boring.
You're going to really accomplish a lot.
Stupid is what it is.
Stupid.
Even Moe would agree it.
Stupid.
Like he would say.
Carlos says I was looking around Barnes and Noble.
Today, happy to come across a book title.
Hooking up with Tila Tequila.
Oh God.
She's got books out to this bitch.
Oh, it's a chance for love.
It's a chance for love with this pasty nasty bull like.
Oh, she's not pasty, I guess.
She's out.
I don't know what she is.
Is she like, um, what is she?
She's like Hawaiian or something.
Hawaiian, my ass.
God.
Also, there's a smaller text saying a guy to love fame success and being the life of the party.
I was like, what the f is this world coming to when stupidity is like that?
Who can't read book?
Who can't read get book deals?
I wish we could form a bonfire B-O-N-D bonfire and burn her along with all her books.
Please help us, Neil God.
So sing a porn.
Sing a poor born Vietnamese American.
Nah, huh.
I knew she wasn't like all of her.
I don't care what her background is or what her skin color is.
She does nasty.
I did change for the love.
It's a second change for the love.
Stick your throat down my bull like, uh, throat.
And I got news for you.
Okay, based on what I've seen, what I've been forced to watch, I don't see any heterosexuality in her whatsoever.
She comes across to me as all dyke, you know what I'm saying?
Okay.
All dyke.
Nothing of these twin sisters on there who look speaking of that, they look just like Alice Rantell.
They have the same schnauz.
The twin sisters and one of them says, oh, I got a big surprise.
And the guys are like, oh, gee, please don't tell you have a penis, you know, like that.
And then she does not.
At least though she says she doesn't.
Nothing would surprise me on those shows.
Those shows are just the end of the world.
Oh, Mr. Radio is back.
Oh, wow.
How do you like that, Mr. Radio?
You know what I always have told you over the years?
I mean, I may be a moron because I work for Beasley.
You've told me a lot of things over the years.
But one thing I've told over the years is that the chronics you can never ever chase them away.
Never.
No matter what you say about them, no matter what you, uh, no matter what you do, you can never chase away the chronics.
There's a statement that proves itself every day, which is what makes them chronic.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Hi Ron.
By the way, I'm not thinking of taking any calls today.
So if you're waiting for calls, I got this one guy, Matt, in Miami.
Oh, love the calls.
And he wants me to do a poll on which call they like to call her.
And they like to bet.
Forget about it, Matt.
Go get a life.
Well, listen to the archives back when I was being be-be-be-leagured by the same handful of, uh, misfits.
Oh, there's Lucas on the island there.
He's the lost on the island with some very nasty looking chick.
She is so ugly, man.
It says putting her on next to him would turn just about everybody gay.
I mean, that's just criminal.
Are you watching this?
Uh, no.
She's like, I don't know.
Maybe she's just an ugly girl.
Oh, and now she's coming down to palm tree.
And he's looking at her ass.
She's up there getting coconuts on the palm tree.
And she, we see her from, uh, no, that's bad 1964.
They were putting us on TV.
I was going to see that, but, um, you don't have it.
We just got the basic cable in here.
I don't think we have that.
Basic cable.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
So you can't see a city looking up her dress.
She just wrapped a coconut on his noggin.
And I think it struck him on his rectum.
I have to have good aim for that.
He weighs about 12 pounds in this movie.
Why are you forcing me to watch this?
Oh, because I'm a bastard.
Mr. Radio says today show us some funny Schmidt.
To talk about Steve Keynes on Taraj had me on the floor.
Did Nick or Brian follow Steve to the bathroom too?
Both.
They always had to go like a, what do they call that when a, like a course line?
Glend in hand.
Maybe you know how the elephants do with the trunk.
You know, they follow each other.
Maybe he needed help.
It says I bet Brian did at least.
Why don't you invite Stan Major to sit in?
I'm sure he'd have something to say on like Johnny Dork.
I don't want Stan Major to come in.
I wouldn't mind having him there, but he doesn't want to come in.
You think he does?
Sure.
Does he live in town?
I guess.
I'm sure he does.
Why?
Mr. Radio who lives in the past and thinks everybody else in the audience does too.
I love hearing about the old times.
I first started listening during the WI and Z days.
This is when the birds started coming in bringing in the mail.
Stan wasn't bad then, but he sucked at WI OD when he replaced Alex Bennett and afternoon drive.
Yeah, I got in both gigs, by the way.
I also got him hired at the WI and WS.
As I recall.
And what do I get for gratitude?
He's an overpaid talent.
I can use another little check before you go away.
Is that a great message or what?
I get my answering machine at home.
There's a message on there from Stanley T.
I can use another little shy.
I was going on motor, my million trips to Europe, you know.
You have to amp the screw around.
I can use another little check before you go away.
I don't think he was coughing though on the, you know.
On the voicemail.
No.
Well, I was the answering machine.
We didn't have voicemail back in those days.
You know, old fashioned answering machines.
Right.
That's old fashioned.
Now, I guess she ain't that ugly.
I don't know.
She's T.
Okay.
What?
Or the girl.
The girl.
I just, I just scoured the, uh, did you find it?
Did you find it over here?
No.
Well, they're running around, Glandon, hand.
I wouldn't be surprised now.
If she don't attack Sandy, man, she's a real dyke.
I'll tell you that.
They're on this island all alone.
There's the waterfall.
Oh, don't fall.
And there's a bunch of goldfish.
Why do people have goldfish?
They're the ugliest of all, you know, like tropical fish and stuff.
Why do people have goldfish?
They're not ugly.
I mean, they are.
They are.
They're not.
They're not.
They're not.
They have those bulging eyes, you know.
Oh, God.
When they get like, you know, they get the bulging eyes.
What do you tell them?
They're cool.
Oh, gross.
Here's one from Joe.
I haven't heard this in about 15 to 20 years.
You may not remember.
It was a bit with a sales hole promoting a million dollar detector.
Detector detector detector detector.
Remember this?
No.
And how the moments are great.
Yes.
You remember that?
Crapco.
The radar detector detector detector.
Well, we don't have that.
It's a lady.
Let's look it up.
Oh, on the disc.
Yeah.
I thought you were saying we don't have any crap going the DCS.
No.
And by the way, when the DCS end, when it breaks down, and of course we're going to have...
We've got it.
We'll do it like that.
We'll play the harmonica for four.
The biggest name.
The VASCAT.
The 236.
No, Roger.
That is it?
Just two.
36.
OK.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
You manned it, captain in.
Spider-7.
Sport radio 5, 60 QAM.
V.
Swords leader.
Your gay.
But Officer, I know I wasn't Spades.
I don't know that man.
But you're using an illegal radar detector.
How'd you know that?
I got you with my radar detector detector.
See?
Who am I gonna do now?
The RAPGO is back, and now we are fooling the fun.
Introducing RAPGO's amazing radar detector detector detector.
The only radar detector that detects radar detector detectors before they detect your detector.
Who?
Here's how it works.
The cops send out radar, right?
And your radar detector detects it.
Then the cops detect you, detecting them.
But wait, then the RAPGO radar detector detector detector.
Either set their signal, travels it, and sends it back to them.
Now you understand?
Uh-oh.
Good that means you're ready to buy.
Just ping on the phone and call 1-800-FUSD-U.
And order your amazing RAPGO radar detector detector detector.
Detector, which passion is radar detector detector detector detector.
I still don't get it.
That's good in order too.
And remember, in RAPGO, we always say, if you buy this,
and you'll buy anything.
I would swear I heard a couple of raspberries in it, didn't you?
Oh no.
That was a donkey.
Oh.
No, I heard a couple of raspberries.
Well, there's some good stuff on here, although I think I got most of these here this year.
I got some marked.
Simon and Bullwinkle, I don't think.
We don't got that.
You grew up with them both.
And now, antler records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and Bullwinkle.
We had you gone.
I'll put that eventually.
On you, classic Queens out there were sending me all these pictures of Luke Halpin.
Why do I need those pictures when he's on air with his movie right now,
running around stark naked with his thing hanging out the whole movie?
Oh, there she is.
There's that he's going to save him.
Now, she's pulling him out of the water.
She oughter.
I don't know what she's pulling out.
Oh, look at that.
I think Tila Tequila's got one of those.
Now, realtor, Jr., who I've blocked.
Oh, he's also a grubber tox.
Carbon copy.
Grubber tox.
It's the same person with a different email address.
Mm-hmm.
But he sends me this clip from Team Life magazine.
What kind of guy reads Team Life magazine?
Gay, Queen.
Gay.
Uh-huh.
That's right.
And you know what the headline is?
The remarkable body of Luke Halpin.
I mean, what kind of a screaming queen would send me something like this?
It says, while it is clich to say that beauty is in the eyes of the beholder,
it's the fact that there are almost as many descriptions of beauty as there are people.
In particular, what comprises beauty in the human body is largely a matter of personal choice.
But occasionally, there appears the very rare instance of someone who possesses a level of physical excellence
that can literally bring together millions of different points of view into common agreement.
In other words,
Luke Halpin's physical appeal was undoubtedly a factor in his long-lived popularity.
The athletic actor possessed a look that was lean, musculally subtle, and flawlessly proportioned.
Blessed with perfect complexion and frequently dressed down a little more than cut off jeans,
like he is in this whole movie, looks well-tanned body, became standard fair to millions of TV viewers.
Teen Life Magazine's description of Luke.
Luke Halpin, Sandy on Flipper.
Oh my God.
What is wrong with you guys?
Are you some kind of queens or what?
Yes.
God.
Fake Clarices got one.
This might get the fats all back into the show.
Get his attention again.
What we've lost you with, you know, Flipper, that's before your time in the movie.
Exactly.
Have you ever watched that show?
I don't think so.
What show would you rather watch?
Tila Tequila or Flipper?
Is that difficult?
Oh my God.
What a stupid pull.
The person I would like most to see get another ring with Mike Tyson is Joyce Jolly Jo Bellam,
a Howard Neal George, a Joey Porter.
Oh, bad pull.
Sorry Ray.
Bad.
Really bad.
You like that one?
It sucked.
It blew.
Fake Clarances, I have great news for you in George.
My boyfriend, the Beast, has agreed to come and help out with your show in place of Fadass
Chris.
However, we're going to have to take about 10% of yours in George's pay, which I'm sure neither
of you would mind a bit.
Just trying to make your show the best.
I love you in George, but I hate you.
Tubby, Tubby, Chris.
Signed Fake Clarances.
How do you like that?
Wouldn't that be the ultimate?
Well, first of all, he's not going to be on the show under any circumstances, the Beast.
Now, ever.
Yeah, she's nasty looking this little chick.
She's, I don't know.
She's about his age.
I don't think he has any interest in her.
And she, I don't know.
Maybe they're like from what's her name?
Tila, Tila, Tiquila.
Do you think?
Maybe.
She looks like she belongs in Fathers Knows Best.
Oh, they're going to the cable all together.
You what?
I just lost the cable all together.
It was out most of the show yesterday, too.
You lost the cable?
Yeah.
My cable's great.
What do you do?
What do you do?
I never tried to help us again.
Or even speak to me.
Don't waste your time, Luke.
She's bad, bad meat.
Yeah, he said that.
Look on his face like, oh, what a nasty cell.
Anyway, let's see.
PR Ralph, who's really getting on my nerves a big time.
He just annoys me.
He's your friend, but he annoys me bad.
He says, is Austrian lake or lake ore?
Well, the lake is Austrian authors, what Ian says,
and I have a feeling Ian is a little bit better prepared
to answer the question and PR, Ralph,
who just wants another excuse to get on their array.
Fuck,gut,gut,gut,gut,gut,damn it, waaaaat like that.
Don't go away, mad PR Ralph.
Just go away, is yours buddy.
Right?
I thought you didn't like rigapons, by the way.
Whatever you say, bud.
The river is the north Elbu.
The lake is Austrianestone, I'm pretty sure that's whatever.
I don't know.
It sure was beautiful, Oh.
A lot more beautiful than Kevon's skin will ever be, although some of you
parochial people who have ever got out of data are browered. You know what do you know?
Kevin says, just a thought. We all understood by prices on a lot of things rose due to the
hot gas prices, but since the prices have subsided, where is the residual effect?
The prices have remained the same. Why is there no outrage? I'll tell you why there's no outrage.
Kevin, because people are too busy calling in gay, not going to work, and because people are too busy trying to
eat out of living and save their job. See, that's what governments do, and they do it very effectively.
Keep the masses busy trying to survive so they don't have time to protest. That's right. That's the
game plan. That's the way it works. And of course, back in the 60s, we had some protestant,
about a bang, and they shot some kids at Kent State. They said, I don't think you people will try that
again anytime soon. And they didn't. This movie's got me worn out. Don't ever let me watch
flipper again, especially. I'm embarrassed by it. I'm not really embarrassed enough to mention it,
but I'm not embarrassed enough to turn it off. Like Larry Lujak, you know, we're since we're
embarrassed to work at WLS, but not enough to leave. WLS, boy, those were the days, baby, 89.
Do we have those jingles? I don't have any LS. I don't think. That's what you do. I do. You have to.
Now, I got some jingles here. I got all IOD jingles. That would give Mr. Radio all whipped up that loser.
Oh, that's got a fart in it. Yeah. This is the real one.
Oh, that's a little bit of a bummer.
Music WLS.
The best music WLS.
One more. WLS. That's everything. That's a short and sweet. Yeah.
Great Pam's jingles, baby. Get those jingles out. Why Michael be a con any minute if we took any calls,
which we want, because if we did, he'd be on there.
Well, let me ask you this. How can a perfect body be scrawny?
I mean, if somebody said to me, Brady Quinn has got a perfect body. I'd say, I don't debate that.
Not for a second, not for a hard beat. Obviously, if it's scrawny, it's not perfect.
Right. Well, he's scrawny. Let me tell you right now. He was always scrawny.
Pretty, but scrawny. Now, if you put his head on Brady Quinn's body, then you've got a man.
Like that WLS head song, jean, um,
a hundred pounds of clay by jean mcdaniel's. Isn't that who did that?
I bet you got that in there, a hundred pounds of clay. That's a great, that's a great song.
Oh, yeah, we got it, baby. All the hits all the time on Q56. Let's play music.
Let's play music for the next five years.
You're in heat. He goes loses across the street. He's he took a hundred pounds of clay.
And when we said, hey, listen, I'm gonna fix this the world today. I wonder if he can.
What the Google at the tub, he can give you something to do. What is it?
Jean mcdaniel's. Okay. Who had a, he was a one-hit wonder, a hundred pounds of clay.
I don't think he had any other hits, did he? I don't think so.
We'll find out. That was a great song. What? I'll find out.
I mean, I tealed to Keela probably wouldn't be listening to that, but then again, what is she know? That bitch.
American singer and songwriter. What?
American singer and songwriter who has greatest recording success in the early 60s.
Excuse me. Yeah.
Mcdaniel's grew up in Omaha, Nebraska. Well, all 40, it's the two that went into the top five were in 1961's Tower of Strength.
Wait, Tower of Strength.
Live in the pop chart and a hundred pounds of clay, number three on the pop chart.
I don't have Tower of Strength.
His best known song in this genre was probably compared to what a jazz soul protest song made famous.
Family life.
Looks like it. He looks like he's alive. Well, they don't have any death date on here, so.
Believe me, I've been in South Florida recently. I saw a lot of people who didn't look like they were alive.
They were wandering around like in that similar casino in Coke on a creek.
Oh my God. The average there is the average age is death plus 80.
And in the, but failure, you gum everything.
You gum the yellow, you gum the steak, you gum the everything pancakes.
You gum the gefilt of fish.
Scott says, I love your show when I can tell you to listen to Jay on 93 Rock and a Morning.
That's which over to you. Jay who? Jay Michaels?
Have you ever considered having Jay on your show?
You guys should try to get him or take over for the jackass that used to be on after you.
Is this man talking about Jay Michaels? I don't know any other Jay.
And God that we're going to put him on here.
What he did to my show on I and Z when they put me on Zeta.
I wouldn't do it to Hitler.
And that's what easy to that show.
And he was always chilling for this cruise ship scan he had going.
Jay Michaels. Oh my God.
What a God.
When stand on the biggest name.
The best talent.
I've never started talking about the four great.
You're five sixty Q a.m.
Four fours leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio five sixty WQ AM.
I am.
I am a four-letter day.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12 to one hour on Q a.m.
You grew up with him both.
And now Antler Records proudly presents the greatest hits of Simon and Bullwinkle.
We have you gone for this bad enough.
Not as yet.
You're is only without you.
Yes.
Simon and Bullwinkle.
Woo woo woo.
Recorded live in Central Park and Frost by Falls.
The music of Paul Simon.
The lyrics of Mr. No It All.
I'm singing on this radio station.
But I got a more than animation.
You know, to the bench.
Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits.
I am a moose.
I am a mammal.
Yes, it is Paul.
But it's not art.
And Rock steals the fame.
Cause Moot is never played.
Unfortunately.
Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits.
Now available at Mr. P bodies, Records and Tits.
Oh, Mr. P body.
That was a great show.
And I have all those, all those discs in the other room of it.
And yet they're just not funny, you know.
Right.
Did chicken X send me those who you did?
I forget.
Well, they're just not funny.
I don't know.
Maybe they just doesn't stand a test of time.
Or maybe they're just bad episodes.
I don't know.
If you like them, it was me if not.
It was him.
Oh, I see.
I hated them.
And George sent them.
Oh, was I think I said you the prisoner and he sent you those.
That's right.
I love the prisoner.
I'll say that.
Who sent me a flipper?
Johnny Dark says this is a real Johnny Dark by the way.
In spite of the fact that you're so negative about it.
Right.
If you bring Stan and I hope you treat him better than you did me,
you didn't let me say anything for crying out loud.
Why absolute life, we let him say what he had to say.
You know what that was?
Nothing.
The same thing you always had to say any time we put him on a year.
Put him on microphone or for me.
It's 87 long because stop Johnny Dork.
Yeah, that was it.
That was a medley of his repertoire.
Okay, and you're just jealous.
We were off standing, believe you me.
He wouldn't sit there and then come back a week later and try to muscle his way into the show like you did.
Johnny Dork.
Johnny Dark's out of the front desk.
He says he wants to come in and be on your show while screw him.
Okay, go away, Johnny.
See, he picked that up from the bird.
You know, you invite him in once and he wants to show up every day and move your free lunch and you know,
muscle his way into my show.
That's what he was trying to do.
Muscle is way on the air.
Is there any doubt about that?
None.
No.
Just like that, you brought Al Goldstein on there with that knock-off stuff at the top.
Oh my god.
Oh god, I love it when you sit out.
What?
I love it when you make things up.
Ron Jeremy, he brings in the fattest, the harriest, one of the ugliest people in the history of this subhuman race.
And just couldn't believe the fact that I called him a fat harriot Jew.
Yeah.
Gross.
And congratulated him on making all that money in Pornow being fat and grotesque and double-jointed and whatever else he is.
Gross, Harry.
He's got more hair on his back than most people have on their head.
Ron Jeremy.
When you set that up,
I, and then you got the record.
For the record, you got that loss who going against the station.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Out of control, the record.
I never brought anyone onto your show ever not once.
Did I ever book a guest on your show?
We didn't do guests on the show.
There you go.
Anyone that was ever on the show with you was someone that you asked to come on the show.
Al Goldstein?
Al Goldstein.
I never invited anyone to the show ever not once.
Oh, I'm a fat Jew.
Now, did you show up at those Sunday buffet's at his pump at a beach home along with February?
You bet.
See what I mean?
What?
Although I like it now.
I feel sorry for him.
I like it.
I feel bad.
I had to stop talking to him because of all that crap.
I told you that.
You thought it was funny.
I'm going to give him more on it.
These people are trying to throw me under the bus over that thing.
In fact, how come he's not on serious?
Good point.
He's hysterical.
How many times was he on Howard's show, by the way?
How many Zillion times did he come on here and entertain a high show?
Why did he offer him a gig on serious?
He'd be a laugh right without any censorship.
Opening up that big filthy mouth.
Has he'd be great?
I'd listen to all of it.
He would be great.
I would listen to that.
I hate the Irish.
But he's not part of the fraternity, I guess.
Somebody says, Jay Marvin, question mark.
I don't even know who that is.
Is that the guy from Tampa?
I don't know.
I don't know who they're talking about.
I'm supposed to know.
Oh, I used to listen to Jay in the morning and then turn over to you.
I don't know who Jay is.
And certainly hope it's not Jay Michaels.
Is it the Jay at 93 Rock that just got canned?
Who's that?
Somebody I just heard of.
Jay Marvin?
I don't know.
Jay, any Americans?
Jay in the Africans?
I know his name is Jay.
How about Peaches, what's that song?
Peaches and Cream?
No, no.
Peaches, pineapples and pumpkin pie, what's that song?
You don't know the song I'm talking about?
That's it.
What's it called?
I bet Jay the Tech Leads.
Jay in the Tech Leads, Jay in the Apple,
the Peaches and Pokedee Pie.
Pokedee Pie.
Pokedee Pie.
Pokedee Pie.
Pokedee Pie.
Stronberry.
And Pokedee Pie.
My cell scripting, I think, really.
I can't see them.
Zisco, who just also won't go away,
says, Tealette the Key to Looks Like a Cartoon Cricket
from those Pixar Disney movies.
Happy late birthday, George, says your good friend, Zisco.
Thanks, Zisco.
Oh, God.
Did they ever find Luke on here or what?
How many hours does this crap go on for?
How long is this flick?
Good, God.
Till 1230?
You've got to be Schmidt, man.
Oh, it's almost over another way.
Oh, and the boat just capsized.
Oh, no.
And Luke's in it and flipper is holding it up by bad.
But your flipper comes to the rescue.
You think?
I'm sure he will.
It'd be a very boring flipper.
Flippers after.
Oh, no, this is the bad guy.
The evil that was there and flipper is sticking his snout
into the evil guy.
And he just stuck his snout into Luke's private.
Oh, my God.
You ever see a snout spout?
Nothing.
He had 170 votes on the pool.
Let's see how it's going.
No items in his view on the email, by the way.
Just mention it.
It subsides for a while.
Then all of a sudden there's a whole flurry of them again.
And then, oops, nothing.
You think it'd be like a steady flow
with the zillions of people that we have
who used to listen to this show?
Which of these people is most about hype and not talent?
Paris Hilton 176.
She is killing, crushing the competition.
She's got almost half the votes.
47.5% that bitch that needle knows talentless bitch.
Dr. Phil 59, Rush Limbaugh 45, Howard Spurm 34,
Oprah 25, Hugh Hannah Montana 17, J. Leno 10,
and Madonna's only still got four.
How do you like that?
Well, flipper came to the rescue there and I just go on flipper.
I'm going to say that flipper is dead.
How long did dolphins live?
I don't know.
Astro-Docin.
What?
We'll find out.
How long?
This is a good assignment for you, Fratso.
Uh-huh.
At the track with Joel Feinberg, the primetime race group owner and driver,
takes fans on a tour of his day at Petit Limbaugh's 35 years.
They live what?
35 to 55 years.
So the flipper might still be alive.
They had a million hours of wild stories about Luke.
You know, they had scads at the time.
I've actually seen him naked.
You have to admit these things are a lot less interesting
without Joel Feinberg.
Remember when he crossed out Joe Rose's face on the 790 website?
Here's a video a day in the life.
No thanks.
I'll pass.
Who's this from?
Some chronic.
I don't care about Joel Feinberg.
I don't want to know.
Send it to Joe Bell.
It'll occupy some of his desperate time.
We don't care about Joel Feinberg or the ticket on the show.
We can care less about him.
Even though they're always on it.
Neil Rogers says this.
Neil Rogers is washed up and Neil Rogers is at.
Yeah, Neil Rogers.
That's the topic of this.
It's supposed to be a sports station.
But the real topic is.
Neil Rogers.
That's right.
Very Jackass says,
already called in.
Or already said he called into the Bubba Lozboin show on Friday to say,
we love you and hope you stay.
Already added that Bubba, the tale, some of the issues
complicating his contract between negotiation.
He was being brutally honest about some of Schmitt that he's gone through here.
I don't even know if I should say it.
It was fantastic radio.
Howard felt frustrated for Bubba.
He's really done terrific job.
He's an ass.
An ass something.
He didn't say the whole word.
All this Bubba Lozboin.
All these people looking for free publicity.
You know, like like we care.
You care about so much.
You care about Bubba Lozboin.
You care about Bubba, Bama Buie.
You care about already.
Although I heard about it.
Anything else, Robyn?
You care about that?
I don't.
I think get Al Goldstein on there man to talk real.
He did.
He get all the all the porn stars on that he made movies with and he.
Sure.
Oh my god.
He could monologue it with that.
This is what that was supposed to be.
A real, real cutting edge.
Wow.
That's just, you know, the F-O-R in the two F-H bombs.
But it was supposed to be stuff like that.
But evidently, what we read before it's not.
Don't say this and don't do that.
We get enough of that here on so-called terrestrial radio.
It used to be AM&FM.
Now it's terrestrial radio.
So now they can really look down our nose.
You know, it used to be the FM people look down their nose
at the AM people.
Now it's the satellite people look down the nose
until they go out of business by the way.
Should we take a peek and see what their
stock price is right now before we take a breath?
Yes.
Sure.
What a serious stock.
It's been hovering between 15 and 16 cent today.
Let's see.
It says,
says I'm slow today.
I'm slow.
And it's a 16 cents.
You pay 16 cents and what do you get?
So 10 is the only four to steal that.
That's bad news.
It was named.
I don't know that guy.
I don't know if I'm going to say the phrase.
You're 14.
You're 5.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Next.
So take your name.
Just that talent.
It's the ZA show.
Wait nights for me to win an A-ron.
4.
4.
You're 5.
60 QAM.
The sports here.
The U.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
So when you need a little help to make their shape
book someone's felt, they used to try out who's TA.
But now they can't go out and take for under bra.
Wonder bra.
Wonder bra.
When we last visited our hero, Wonder bra was trying to save his beloved
pure police sweetbreads from the clutches of the evil Simon Bogg Cleaver.
Wonder bra.
Oh.
Wonder bra.
Can't help you now.
Pure police sweetbreads.
This Simon says.
Stick to your mind.
I'm totally laughing in the park.
Help.
Wonder bra.
The situation's bleak.
Port Polly don't pout.
Wonder bra's here.
Can make them stick out.
Wonder bra.
My hero.
No, Jret.
Foiled again.
But I'll be back.
Wonder bra.
Yeah.
Wonder bra's getting away.
Stop crying, Polly.
While the villain is jerky, your bus line is back.
And your hooters are perky.
So now the world is safe for boobs that want to clump up and protrude
when cleavage is almost to show there's only one place you can go to.
Wonder bra.
Wonder bra.
Wonder bra.
Oh, I request no less.
How do you like that?
Boy, these last days of the year we're really getting into some real good nostalgia.
So did what's his name Stan?
Did Stan say any of you are yet saying he'd like to be on the show?
No, however, yes, the mail came in today and you check in.
Yeah, both of them.
Is it there?
You have it?
Yes, thank you very much.
Thank you.
Luke Helpens got in this hand right now.
So I got to watch.
Well, so we've got a four.
I'm going to forge Josh courtes.
No, don't have come on.
Hey, Josh courtes, your check is there.
Yeah, it's about.
He's not in the building today.
He's not.
No.
A-A.
Well, you're starting to sound like.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Right.
Oh, for me.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's one from the fake Adam Kirschner.
Now, how am I going to know the fake one from the real one now?
The real one has a real email that I know that you know.
The one that came in yesterday.
That's the real one with his real email.
Don't say that on the air.
I don't know what his real email is.
I do.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, it doesn't make any difference.
I see, I don't really care whether it's the real one,
the fake one, the in between one.
Who cares?
Right?
I do.
Why do you care?
I don't read the fake emails.
You don't read the fake emails.
They're fun.
Oh, man, you're about as much fun as a heart attack.
God.
You take this all way too seriously, man.
I take my comedy seriously.
That's right.
It's as I got serious for Howard Stern and Howard 101.
Why doesn't Howard or serious have a budget?
To keep up with love's fun.
And add new talent like an Adam Corolla,
Phil Henry, Kid, Chris, or Neil Rogers.
It seems selfish and Howard's part with his $100 million salary.
Not to have any money.
A lot of the higher good talent from terrestrial radio.
That is correct.
It's all about Howard.
It's all about Mel Carmeson.
And baby, after that, it's all about small potatoes.
We'll throw you a couple of bones.
They never spoke, never put one dime on the table for me.
Not a penny, not a dime.
All the conversations that your close personal friend,
Norma, can't, had with them.
Oh, we love Neil, but blah, blah, blah, blah, like that.
You know, that's always that way.
Because I'm making too much money.
So it's Dan said.
Yeah, that's exactly what Stan said.
That's why we don't want him on the show.
Somebody who's got the balls to beg me for too grand
or have his wife beg me for too grand.
So they don't lose their damn condo
and then have me give it to him.
And then call my house and say,
I can use another little check.
I like, I was going to support their ass
for the rest of my life.
And then goes on to your answers.
I'm an overpaid talent.
Well, screw you Stan.
Screw you.
He'd probably come on a year and beg for money again.
You want to win Vitamon?
I don't know.
I don't understand their question.
Do I want to invite him on?
No, you think we should invite him on the show?
No.
What about you, Fat Chris?
No, don't answer that question.
Let me ask you this.
Do you even know who Stan major is?
No.
See, I mean, certainly he's, uh, you know,
like if you wanted to make a phone call,
I'm sure that my God, look at that.
Luke is making love to flipper.
That's disgusting.
Even I can't stand that.
Oh my God.
He's humping the fin.
Jesus.
And flipper is trying to get away like,
oh my God, that thing hurts.
Riley Martin and Superfan Roundtable are good for
in shows, but I'm not enough to carry a channel
on paintless and deuces to fake Adam Kirschner.
Or the real Adam.
I don't know.
It was nice hearing from the real one the other day.
I'm sure this isn't that one.
Correct.
Well, how do you know it's correct?
I'm starting to get a scratch.
He throed.
I know.
Because it's 100 below zero.
I'm going to call in gate tomorrow.
I might call in.
I'm just giving you warning that I'm stem.
I'm not joking about that.
I'm not joking.
I'm not joking.
I'm calling six more.
I don't have any.
What?
I'm feeling horrible.
I'm not calling sick.
Is there a such thing as a stomach fluid?
That's just something that you hear about.
Is people make that up?
Do they have a lot of stuff on the internet?
It's a bit about people invented that thing.
A stomach fluid.
There's no such thing allegedly.
They don't know.
Well, they don't know.
And next thing they'll be coming up with a.
Recto blue.
Maybe I'll be next.
I could puke any minute now.
LaSette says, oh, if you want,
if you want me to put you over the edge, it's about Bush.
41 days to go until we finally
sicked by the George W. Bush.
As LaSette, we've had all had to witness the worst
presidency in US history, which will be written about
for years and years and not the positive influence
you put on our country.
I just read the article on your website named
when would you say enough?
And I'm disgusted.
This is a lot in the country that claims we
are the civilized ones, the smart ones, the world police.
George Bush has tainted our country, taint what you think.
And we can only hope and pray that Obama can get us back
to the country we can hold our heads up high
as the motive of what other countries want to be like.
The model.
This is like a choppy.
It's not printing out the whole thing.
And someday we'll figure out how to solve that problem
or not.
Something to talk about, you know.
Oh, look at that.
There's Ranger Ricks.
He's got his hand on Luke's shoulder there.
Get your hand off of there now Ranger Ricks.
Come on people go to jail for less than that.
Good God.
If I was a citizen in another country right now,
I don't think I'd be able to look at the USA and its
current form and say we're the best
that our country should be more like that.
I think they probably view our leadership
certainly the way that Hitler's was viewed.
That's right.
The only difference is that George W. Bush didn't come out
and say he wanted to eradicate certain races.
He just silently did it.
41 days ago, can I get an amen for that?
As Sly said, amen, amen.
Amen.
Oh, this movie is almost over now.
Aren't you glad?
Then I can go back to depressing news on CNN
and that stock market and all that crap.
And flippers, oh, flippers got a little
a thing around its tail.
I think that's where Luke raped him.
Look at the smile on Luke's face.
Must have been pretty good, huh?
That's a good poll question.
Do you ever rape a dolphin?
Okay.
Anybody we know?
What was their uniform number?
Luke Alpin, Sandy, you know the good thing about this?
I don't think PUD, the ugly little brother.
I don't think he was in this movie.
Penny, Julia, Sir Halsey, Hopewell, all these other people.
I don't think PUD was in here except maybe for about two seconds.
Remember his ugly little brother?
Yeah, little red head of kid.
Yeah, like Danny Bono, Ducci.
All the shows had to have like one token,
cutesy kid, preferably one male or one female,
and then one ugly little sibling,
usually a little punky kid like Danny Bono, Ducci.
He's annoying.
Yeah.
That crappy is, oh being too, being drunk is what I call Tuesday.
He's just a slime ball.
Hey, Neil, what does George do on the show?
All he does is say, yes, I know, aha,
and you're lucky he'll say something of value.
I'd rather hear Stan or something.
Says some kind uncle.
Well, I wouldn't rather hear Stan.
Oh, that's probably Stan himself trying to muscle his way
on the show, take your job.
You're a good friend Stan.
Hey, come get it.
Another Roger Magdalene.
Brian says you have a lot of listeners in Orlando.
You're big with Disney technicians.
That's because they're all gay.
Fags.
Jim Phillips on WTKS talks about you from time to time.
Yeah, he always does because he's jealous.
I've heard you mentioned Stan major.
I think it would be interesting to hear what he had to say.
I used to listen to him when he lived in Miami.
From what I remember, he has a history with you.
Did he create the hell in the Elvice bit?
No, he certainly did not.
Did he create the hell in the Elvice bit?
Oh my god.
Can you please play a bit?
I think it's called Dwayne Stopper.
My father told me about it.
Hi, George and Chris says first key.
First key, he's feeling a little frisky.
That this, see, you know, this is what this is the out
the aftermath, the the washout from yesterday's
getting in touch with him and having him respond.
He's still alive.
Now he's trying to muscle his way onto the show.
He wants your job.
Hey, make a play.
I don't want him.
Can you see that?
Can you even envision that?
Maybe I'm an overpaid talent, Stan, but let me tell you,
I don't like cling on to anybody else.
I'm not a cling on.
Oh, I remember those great ratings we had back then.
Oh, yeah, we that's right.
I remember what a bad mistake it was after Kane went to New York
and I had I recommended Stan for a two to six.
Don't ever recommend your friends for a job.
Ever.
It's a bad, especially in this business.
Bad idea.
I
Who is the artist that does that song?
Where can I find a bit of naked pictures of Brandon?
I called in gay today and my boss wanted to say,
I'm working instead.
Jess from MySpace.
Oh, somebody from MySpace.
Well, I never hear from anybody from MySpace except my two
chronic regular friends, but other than that, nobody.
But you know, what's the point of Schmitt canning the
aside?
You know, I got 16 and a friend.
I mean, you're friend on there and I just I'll check
I want some up like they do, you know, there you go.
And just ignore it because nobody, it's past say,
or everybody's in the Facebook now,
you got to get on Facebook.
No chance.
I'll be on Facebook.
You're saying they're going to go down the street.
No projects.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
Nick, you're four.
First leader.
The biggest name is the set challenge.
It's the big album.
Orlando Elzer Gary.
Mornings 5 to 7.
Sports radio 565.
QAMC.
Sports leader.
Spread them and say cheese.
How would you like to be your own boss and make millions of dollars?
Well, it can all come true for you.
My friends, when you represent the wonderful products of
durable life.
Yes, my friends.
It's time to break out of that nine to five cage.
Get all of that working for somebody else.
treadmill and stop sucking water from a bottle and let a
durable do it for you.
Yes, the demand for these adorable little critters is on the rise.
And you don't want to be left behind.
Just another get rich quick scheme.
You say, well, my friends, nothing could be closer to that truth.
And here's the durable life from us.
If you are not completely satisfied with your income after one month,
just simply refund every penny you made directly to us.
And we'll take it all back.
No questions asked.
So my friends, remember if you want to make money up the
wa zoo, let a durable lead the way.
And thank you from gerbil life.
1231 at 560 WQM haven't played that in a long time and you know what?
Probably a good reason why.
Oh, it's cute.
408.
Did you think it was cute?
Cute.
Cute.
Was it as cute as Luke Alpinay movies over by the way?
George C. Scott is on.
Where's that George Sanders?
George Sanders is the one to commit its suicide, right?
Who?
It's George Sanders.
Take him in its sausages.
George Sanders.
And remember the actor?
He's the only just the, he just passed out on the floor in this movie.
The movie is called Valley of the Damned Village of the Damned.
Well, I'll be I'll be damned.
So that would be the pull question to take some day.
Not anytime soon.
Who would you like to have as the third person on a show?
He'll work for free.
I would say work for food, but we can't feed them anymore.
Anyhow.
Right.
Stan Major Johnny Dwork.
Well, Johnny wouldn't do it because he's pissed off it.
No, and me.
Aw.
Yeah, well, he would do it anyway if we'd feed him.
We can't feed you, Johnny.
We can't afford to feed your fat,
mustache-y old face.
You silly ass part.
I don't think we need anybody else.
Well, once fat, Christy parts.
Yeah, it'll be like the old days.
Will it?
It'd be really like the old days if I came down there and did the show there.
Right, except we'll have a lot more dead air and, you know, interruptions and things like that.
Well, they don't care about that.
I know, I know, and I'm not gonna either if they don't.
That was a 81.
See what more is there to care about, right?
Jim says, God, Germany is better than South Florida.
Not sure if anyone answered your Hamburg Lake question, but I recall,
Ulster Lake was one of the coolest places I've ever seen.
I found this blurb.
The body of water which gets hamburgers most misty-eyed nostalgic is the Ulster Lake.
Created when the river was damned some 700 years ago,
it finds itself divided into an outer lake and interlaked by the Kennedy Bridge
and the Lambert's Bruca.
Lambert's Bruca.
Also, I stopped watching music television years ago,
so I had no clue who Tila Tequila was or is.
I didn't I am the research and have since spent the last 25 minutes scrubbing the shank of my monitor.
She makes me long for flipper.
I thought it was gonna say was scrubbing something else.
Maybe it has bad eyesight, but luckily for him, he did not.
Oh, oh, spokesman says Obama calling former governor to resign.
Bloggoiavich.
He wants him to resign.
Yeah, retire.
Before they put your ass in jail, which they will.
I bet I know what the response is.
F you.
Yeah, there you go.
Well, he says that to everybody.
Everybody.
Everything.
Don't take it personal, Barack, because he says that to everybody.
Anybody.
The company I work for just closes,
Jim, it closed its doors recently due to mismanagement.
So keep up the hilarity, puts a smile on my push.
You're the best judges about fourth and Chris is an unemployed slob like me.
No, he's not unemployed yet.
No, I won't be on a point.
I just fewer hours.
Well, what's wrong with that?
So fewer salami sandwiches, man.
I'm I'm thinking about lunch right now.
Of course, I'm not going to have anything to say about it,
because Paco is coming for lunch.
So he'll choose in the size.
I'm weak.
Why do I put up with that crap?
Let him control the remote control.
Well, he don't want to watch him.
I'm sure he doesn't want to watch him.
What?
MSNBC.
Keith Oberman.
Todd from Hollywood, chronic says I just started playing a game based on the best of
Jerry Lewis years ago.
And people still call me and sing songs with it.
The word lady.
And it like Jerry says, listen to the Elijah Show.
It'll make you a Schmidt.
Faithful sick offense since WKAT.
Todd from Hollywood, chronic.
Thanks, chronic Todd.
Since KAT boy, are we getting older?
What?
Well, here we go.
Grubber Tuchas is back.
I demand that we answer the following questions.
Well, demand my ass.
So I can't even look at it.
I demand you answering the first did the bird die from AIDS.
No, he did not.
And that's your giving ideas to the rest of
go away.
Grubber Tuchas, you jackass.
I demand.
Yeah, demand.
Here's one that's got no message from Frankie.
Frankie, the neorodgers and the boxes at blank.
There's nothing there.
Kind of like Frankie's bringing no doubt.
It's blank.
It's empty.
Scott says, how about a poll for the most annoying spot?
No, we're not going to do a, you know, this is the same old Krat.
People out there, I had one this morning.
Same Krat, I didn't mean to rip so-and-so sponsors.
We're not ripping the sponsors, especially during a freaking depression.
We're glad that our people are still in business
and got enough money to subsidize this freaking radio station.
You morons.
Oh, what about commercial bothers you?
You don't like it.
Turn it off.
Put your finger in your rear.
This George Sanders has some interesting quotes.
Yeah, before you kill them yourself.
Yeah, after.
I guess before that.
Acting is like roller scanning.
Once you know how to do it, it's neither stimulating nor exciting.
I don't ask questions.
I just take their money and use of things that really interest me.
I am not one of those people who would rather act and eat quite reverse.
My own desire to boy as a boy, it was to be, has to be in retire.
That ambition is to retire.
Was a boy.
My desire?
Yeah, I heard you.
My own desire was a boy was to retire.
That ambition has never changed.
Retire.
Exactly.
Or just blow your brains out.
Why are you looking up George Sanders?
Because he's in the field of illegitimate.
Yeah, the whole thing.
Yeah.
The important thing for a star is to have an interesting face.
He doesn't have to move it very much.
Editing and camera work can always produce the desired illusion that a performance is being given.
Really uplifting guy, huh?
The Audrey Blue is brain.
Audrey killed himself here.
He committed sausages in Spain.
Eric says, how do you do it?
He blows brains out.
I don't know.
I didn't say how.
That's a boy George.
I'm in the US Air Force here in Germany.
Listen to you every day.
After work, keep up the good work.
And I'm glad you got out of South Florida.
I'll never go back.
Take care and go panthers, is there?
Yeah, go panthers, but to be whether or not
televising the Canadian road trip games in Edmonton and Vancouver and Calgary.
To be whether or not televising because it's a cheap ass outfit.
And they're only televising 71 to the 82 games this season.
Whoever heard us such crap.
And they wonder why they can't build a fan base.
Oh my god, Alan Maddie Cohen, you idiot.
April 23rd, 1972, he checked into a hotel in blah blah blah.
A coastal town in Barcelona, Spain.
He was down in Lona.
Yeah, he was found dead two days later,
along with five empty bottles of nem nem nem nem nem nem you tall.
That's it.
Six five years old.
Let's kind of suicide note that red.
Dear world, I am leaving because I am bored.
I feel that I live long enough.
I am leaving you with your worries in the sweet cesspool.
Good luck.
Wow.
What a pleasant guy.
He sounds like something.
Are you sure he didn't die in South Florida?
Yeah, I know.
Sure somebody else didn't kill him.
That was up 80 to points.
Point 67, $8, $2.67.
You want to see what the price of oil is?
Let's go over to that B&N.
That gets them very upset.
Oh, you're doing like you're a growl.
You're going to oil is up to $45 a barrel.
Not good.
And the TSX is up to $15.
See when the oil goes up, then the Toronto exchange goes up
because it's the Alberta thing, you know.
They got all that crappy oil over there in Alberta.
So the markets here are dependent to a great degree on oil.
I think oil ought to go down to like what about $25 a barrel would be good.
I think it will.
And those Saudis, those Saudis can pound sand, man.
There's a lot of it to pound over there.
Pound sand, you miserable bastards, you grave robbers,
you and your buddy Bush and his boyfriend banned our bush.
Fact Chris George and Luke have sex with dolphins all the time.
GEORE sucks.
Oh, that's what Frankie said.
A little bit Frankie took him two times to send that.
Wouldn't it worth the effort?
Yeah.
Luna's about 79 cents.
That's good.
Keep it coming down to about 30 cents.
You know he was married to Zazogabor.
Who was Luke Halpin?
No, George Sanders.
I'm sure he was.
Maybe it was a fake marriage like Avogabor and a Merv Griffin.
Hey Mervin, you fairy.
Mervin.
Who is the guy Arthur Treacher?
Remember Arthur Treacher's fish and chips?
Yeah.
He was the Ed McMahon of the Merv Griffin show.
I see.
Mervin.
Here's Mervin.
Oh, God.
Sir, can you please bring back the Bener Boy?
I remember one Sunday morning me and the Bener Boy
were partying on the club space patio.
Boy could he move his Johnny?
Oh, yeah.
Bring back Bener Boy.
We wouldn't mind hearing.
And the fake Larry King says,
wouldn't mind hearing Stan Major come and you're right.
I think Stan was Gaffer Don's Johnson.
Maybe Stan can bring the nugman in with him.
Who the hell's that?
Don't know.
Bring him in Neil.
Not.
Not Larry.
Make a name.
The best talent.
You're busy, no Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
What's always that?
The best talent.
I don't know.
I think it's called that ear.
Sweet morning, seven of days.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Burn the bloody bitches.
Every so often an artist comes along that captures in song
the true spirit of Christmas.
Now that hallowed tradition lives on.
Come here, he comes.
The heart is working man in snow business.
The godfather of Noel Mr. James Brown.
And that's the only that's the only term.
All is right.
Feed the virgin.
And it's him.
It's giving up that.
You know, let's go.
Wow.
There's a skull.
A James Brown.
Christmas song.
Two miles.
Two records set that puts the soul.
You know, white Christmas.
Christmas time.
And you better watch out.
That's not trying to.
That's not.
Kevin you.
Yeah.
Sanders got a brand new back.
Why be good for Christmas when you can be bad.
Start watching your stocking with a James Brown.
Christmas.
Wow.
Happy hearing.
And your thing.
Got it.
That's my king.
Christmas in America.
I feel broke.
You're fairy.
Okay, he's still dead.
By the way, James Brown for anybody who was concerned.
Now it's up over 100 points, not a lot over, but just a little bit.
A teeny tiny, a little smidgen.
Mm-hmm.
A scooch.
Alan Burke used to talk about a scooch and how he's dead.
A scooch.
Yeah, a scooch.
Scooch.
Here's one from somebody who says,
Humberg is infamous for the frequent violet riding that goes on here,
including over minor things like soccer matches.
He also do a lot of boxing matches from there.
I guess the people there smell like these smell of blood.
Says somebody.
Well, I guess you're right, but it is a beautiful city.
It's a beautiful, bloody city, Humberg.
I wouldn't go back, but it's a lot of nice scenery.
And that beautiful lake.
Oh, my goodness.
Rosemary says, Neil, you need to stop making fun of Oprah.
She has a thyroid problem, don't you know?
And I must be it.
Thyroid problem.
That's what fat cows always say.
Oh, I have a thyroid problem.
I'm pleasantly plump.
She's a fat cow who can't control her fat.
And believe me, I know all about fat.
That's tummy here.
He knows about fat.
Uh-huh.
What do you want to know about Oprah?
She a fat cow or what?
I guess I haven't heard.
I'll see the board and cow.
She looks just like her.
You've ever seen the two of them together.
Same person, same creature.
I'll see the board and freaking cow.
You're not going to even make 500 votes today.
I thought we had a licked.
424, man.
That's weak.
427.
Come on.
Come on.
What?
Get out of current.
Stick your finger in the sock and get a current.
It's these people is most about hype and not about talent.
It's a good poll, I think.
Because the world is all about hype.
Ask the religionist, baby.
Oh, we're going to give you eternal life.
Oh, yeah.
And seven versions.
Paris Hilton 201, 47%.
She is skanky.
Yep.
You can't complain about her talent because she doesn't have any.
Dr. Phil 58, 68.
Another evil creation of LC, the board and cow.
68.
Talk about a phony draw.
That would be a good poll.
I love this spot.
Check, connect it and stay secure with windows.
Mr. Beers, there's Lala, Lala.
Down we now have great computers.
Oh, Lala, Lala, Lala.
Oh, and then they walk away from him because he sounds so gay like that.
It's funny.
Dr. Phil 68, Rush Limboff 55 speaking of big fat phonies.
Howard Stern 37.
Oh, they're going to put it on all the stern sites now.
Oh, that bagged down to Miami's.
Rip it on Howard again.
I just we've just put his name on the pool.
Although I voted for him.
O for 30, Hannah Montana 20, J. Lino 12, and Madonna 4, 427 votes.
Pretty weak fat.
So it hasn't even increased by or now it's 429.
You got an outside shot.
430.
What are we still doing here?
Johnny Rotten says why can't the Panthers locally televised the owners and flames game
seriously.
I just got through a ton of their chief.
Chim, chim, chim, chim, chim, chim, chim, chim.
The only and the least proudly have dates.
Reving noses with local pretty boys and searching for sloppy seconds.
Steve Wysher had a pretty one with nine seconds left and over time.
At a boy's TV.
Enough hockey.
Dolpins live a long, long time.
Oh, Johnny Rotten.
Dolpins, the OLP INS.
Very sad.
Carlos is back.
Sorry for the extra email, but I heard on the radio there were some bitch asking people
for money to make a super bowl commercial so she can find love.
Oh, she needs to go see Tila Tequila.
To find love.
You're off.
You're out.
It's kind of like the same thing as that stupid as Donald Trump show.
You're fired.
You know, that's what everybody wants to see.
So somebody else humiliated and disgraced.
It's an SNM thing.
I know you don't want us to post links so I won't, but her side is and it's got a side.
I'm not going to promote it.
I thought maybe you'd get a chuckle out of this crap.
I love your show.
Georgia's awesome and sorry, Tubby.
Sorry, Tubby.
Sorry, Charlie.
Larry says, Larry and Kendall.
He says, remember back in the day when Harry Curie was top dog on K.M.
O. X. and St. Louis broadcasting the Cardinals and Jack Buck was second fiddle.
It was rumored that Harry was forced off the station because he was caught with
Auggie, Doggie, Bush's wife.
That's right.
Auggie Bush from Bush, breweries.
The rumor was that Harry was doing his wife.
And Harry, you're hired.
That was it.
That's when he went to the White Sox and Cubs.
Now Shameless request Randy Rhodes and that's it.
Lanyard Kent.
That's all he wants was just given two for the price of none at a boy, Larry.
Here's another Larry.
Lengthy, but maybe informative.
Oh, I see.
This is this is a much better copy of something he said before that was unreadable that how
all these good.
Oh, what?
Good, maybe.
Well, it had all these links in it.
You know, I don't want links.
Stop with the links.
God.
Larry says regarding the Leno Letterman situation.
Carson for years was grooming Dave to become his replacement on the tonight show.
Dave was Carson's number one replacement.
A Carson helped NBC give him a talk show after the tonight show to help him get in the
routine of a talk show on a nightly basis.
As you know, late night with David Letterman became a cult hit than a staple for talk show
fans.
His ratings were high, mainly due not having any competition at the time.
Looking back, he did so well.
There are other talk shows now that that there were 12 30 a.m. but I digress.
This is Larry.
Yes, you do, Larry.
You digress.
Dave was pretty much counting on the tonight show deal at NBC Leno then became Carson's
main fill and host while Dave had late night.
When his retirement date became final, Leno's agent and bitch got involved the screw Dave
over and got Leno the gig as you were saying.
Kathy Bates.
Yes.
Great movie.
I'm your biggest fan.
What?
Well, the good movie.
I didn't think I'd like it, but I did needless to say Dave was pissed off as he considered
Leno a friend was still pissed off at NBC.
There were rumors that Dave ultimately didn't get the job because of his previous bashing
of NBC management over the years.
Oh, yeah, you can't ban management.
That's for damn sure.
When Carson died, Dave did his monologue using only jokes that Johnny had sent to him.
Carson had been sending in jokes not to Leno, but today since his retirement.
Dave then went into a long diet drive about how he and Carson had a very good relationship
and if it weren't for Johnny, he'd never be where he is today.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Dave made his entire show about Johnny that night.
It was pretty emotional and there's a link to it, which I don't want to see.
In my opinion, Leno is not and never has been funny.
That is correct.
He says if he didn't have that chin, he wouldn't be making 50 cent a week.
Letterman's done some wild and wacky stuff going against management on the air, but has
become more political, especially in the last year.
He had a rant about global warming.
There was pretty damn good and it's constant bashing a bush on the soon to be gone administration.
I don't know, I know you don't do links, but in your spare time, no, I will not.
I will not.
There's a bunch of links.
Good luck at Woodbuy.
I don't go to serious because then we lose the internet's link.
Thanks for the last and happy related birthday, George.
This is Larry.
Good Jewish boy.
Thank you, Larry.
Oh, happy Chinooka, Larry.
Don't eat too much pacific candy that saltwater taffy.
What was it called?
See, you don't remember, do you?
No.
The saltwater, the taffy that I was talking about before.
Lafay Taffy.
What was it?
Lafay Taffy.
No.
The Jewish thing.
See, you don't remember.
Shoei, jui, jui, taffy.
Shoei, jui, jui, that's right.
Juui, jui.
So I forgot to tell you.
1910 fruit come company, juui, juui, juui.
Remember that?
Yep.
The 1910 fruit come company.
Boy now there was a group.
Hey.
Is that it?
No.
No, that's Lafay Taffy.
Oh.
So I forgot to tell you when we came back from break.
Yes?
Bruce Beasley's in the building if you want to talk to him.
If I want to talk to him about what?
I don't know.
Anything.
About my contract?
Sure.
Well, what does that mean if I want to talk to him?
Did he say that?
He's in the building somewhere.
No, I was told that he was in the building.
So maybe he's here to listen to the show, maybe.
Oh, corporate.
You're like they can't hear the show over there, right?
Hey, and so I got a idea to make some money on the show.
Yeah.
Well, now that I'll be gone, the area that I sit will be empty.
Oh, I know where you're going.
So you can charge people to be part of the Neil experience.
They can sit right and watch the show.
Yeah, sure.
Maybe chime in from time to time.
Don't say that if Bruce Beasley's in the building,
he'll start sounding people up.
Why am I supposed to care about that?
I don't know.
Corporate's in the building.
Crying out, bitch, a duff is peeing in his pants.
Talk about a woose.
Oh my god.
A good guy, though, but a real woose.
Neil, when you exclude the bits and ads, approximately,
how many minutes per hour do you end up talking?
My guess is a little more than half the art, depending
on how industrious the salespeople have been.
So what about it?
Well, what's the point?
Bits and spots, spots and bits.
40 minutes by the way.
41 on average.
So you said if I talk to minutes an hour, the price is
right for you.
Right.
HMUC.
How many minutes are always looking for some stoch?
You know, critiques and what's the other part?
Critiques and the complaints.
Complaints.
Critiques.
You can see.
Here's one says, I know how you enjoy a good book.
No, I do not.
I haven't read a book in ages.
I recommend the Franklin cover up.
It's about the CIA, the Bush Cramson to get mind control,
child sex rings.
It's out of Omaha, Satanism, Iran, Contra and the Labored
Cover Up.
Hunter Thompson's even part of the history.
The book will blow your mind.
The biggest scandal most people have no idea about.
On YouTube and the documentary illuminates further on this
scandal, my description doesn't even give you 20% of the
story and it's jaw dropping amazing narrative.
Maybe George will send me the book for my birthday next
year.
Maybe.
Are there any pictures of Captain Curtis somebody wants to
know?
I've seen everyone else, but now I want to Curtis.
Cresty wants to know that.
Where will he find that?
I don't know.
Captain Cuey website maybe.
Go to wqm.com and scour it, OK?
Look really hard.
The best talent for you, Roger.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name is the best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am my Emmy for the Latter Day.
If the one to do our.
Let's get some pizza.
Let's get some burger.
Hey kids, I know.
Let's get some fungus.
Yeah.
Do you want some mushrooms?
I should or some sports.
Much fun you do.
You do.
You want more.
Just get out of that fat food rush.
Come on down to the fun gets hot.
Say when you get that craving for mushrooms, molds, or
any kind of parasitic lower plant life that lacks chlorophyll.
Come on down to the fungus hot.
We have deep fried toast, dough, mold shakes, and for dessert hot mushroom pie.
No thanks.
We'll just have a big bucket of fungus.
Yeah.
So come out of the sunlight and discover the dank musty world that's popping up near you.
So get out of that fat food rush.
Come on down to the fungus.
The fungus hot.
It's one guy looking good.
101 at 560 W.Q.
And we got the big O rock solid up a two man dog from where is he doing the show today?
Hard rock.
No idea.
Well, I'm just telling you right now.
Why don't you have any idea you don't get a copy of the schedule?
Oh, that would be correct.
Why is that?
Well, that's right.
You're out.
Yeah.
You're just living on burrow time.
If I were you, I'd be correct to Bruce Beasley and say, well, Mr. Beasley, can I negotiate
a renewal of my deal with you?
Yeah.
What?
You think he knows who you are?
No.
He couldn't give a flying crap about you.
OK, let me tell you right now.
Or me or George, but nevertheless, so he's in the building.
I wonder if Father got to bring what's his name back corporate chief engineer or former?
What's his name?
Bob Vermuth.
Just testing you.
Bob Vermuth.
He was a big hit and amped to them, not.
And boy, what a job he did on that studio.
Not.
X-Tom, who's a real pain in the ass.
He's the one that sent us that awful poll about the beach when the last time we were
the beach.
That was a beach of a pole, man.
That sucked.
He says, I begged a different on girlfriend Paris as George Vellandowaly can cure any
straight man's viewing of the illicit film.
Well, confirm your abilities of what counts most.
Kind of like the flipper kid to you.
Flipper kid.
That alone will keep her at the top of my a list.
Sorry.
I saw it.
Yes, she's very good, but there's more to life than that.
We skank.
I would rather have a bad job from a beautiful woman than a good job from her.
From a skank.
Right.
A talentless skank like Paris Hilton.
Oh, you see Paris Hilton video on?
Oh, God.
Like it says on there, the world's all about hype and that's her.
Why anybody would want to see her stark naked involved in any much less with clothes on?
Who wants to see that bitch?
With a great castle.
Well, father of Matt Castle dies.
You see this tummy?
Did not see that.
No.
While the son has been fighting for his team's playoff life, Greg Castle lost the battle
for his own life.
See, everything comes back to sports.
Father of Matt Castle, quarterback for the Patriots, passed away yesterday.
Well, Monday, excuse me.
The elder castle was a long time Hollywood scriptwriter and a horse trainer.
He survived by his other son's Jack and Justin as well as daughter Amanda.
Matt's parents have been divorced since he was 14.
His mother raised him and his three siblings.
The team had been off on Monday.
Matt reportedly went to see his father and Santa Clara, California.
No word from the team with how this will affect whether this will affect Castle status
for Sunday's game.
You believe in any way, shape or form that could let it affect a status for Sunday's game?
Not.
No chance.
None.
The Patriots are currently in a three way tie-a-top.
The AFC East with the right to the jets and the dolphins.
Team this week is playing against in Oakland against the three and ten raiders.
Three and ten.
The raiders who suck, who damn near beat the dolphins by the way.
We love the dolphins.
They want a game.
Yeah, we'll be do.
John says, I know you don't celebrate the holidays and make a big deal out of them, but
I just wanted you to wish you and your family, pseudo family and Merry Christmas.
The same to George and his family.
Unlike most of your hostile emailers, I'll miss Chris.
I think he's an excellent ass assistant.
PSY is their recent push in the Netherlands to close down the sex shops in the smoke
bars because they're stupid because they're stupid.
After all these years, they still haven't figured out why people come there.
They don't come there for the beautiful scenery, those brown canals, brown, dark brown,
or that horrible cuisine.
And there's that term very loosely.
And if you eat much of it, you'll be doing very loosely too.
Believe me.
Especially that nasty Dutch pea soup.
Oh, fat.
Also this MAMAB says, by the way, Tom Brady has been down to Miami Party for weeks now.
Seems he's enjoying the century of his.
Well, what do you want him to do?
You want him to sit around crying?
Yeah, just because he's in South Florida, he doesn't have to behave like the locals.
Like that.
He's all wrong with you.
He's a party kind of guy and he's still getting paid the big bucks, big bucks Tom Brady.
Sounds like insane jealousy to me.
Is that what it sounds like to you, George?
Yep.
I know you're jealous.
Oh, yeah.
You'd like to be hard-pooning all the...
Absolutely.
Right.
The fake Larry King who's back again.
I see.
If we didn't read the fake emails on the show, we wouldn't have...
We wouldn't fill up 20 minutes.
We'd have to go back to those stupid ass phone calls and believe me, I'm not taking any
today.
You'll see.
How many we got on there now?
None.
Oh.
And that's how many I'm taking.
Including Matt and Miami.
Oh, gee, we want to hear about your favorite the crazy cause.
Matt, go back and listen to some tapes, okay?
I'm your friend.
Yeah.
We can say it.
Yeah.
I'm your friend.
I say it just as well as he does.
I run.
Fake Larry King says we wouldn't mind hearing Stan Major come in.
You're right.
I think Stan was Gaffer Don's Johnson.
We already...
I already...
He keeps sending it.
That same thing over and over again.
Go away Larry.
Maybe Stan will only $50, but I doubt it.
And if he does, pass it back onto me.
Oh, these are oldies.
Oh, here's one from Larry.
I'm by, so I'm only working half a day today, Yippee.
He's calling in half gay to work half a day.
Isn't that sweet?
Kiss.
Silly, ridiculous.
Yep.
All of these things.
All of these things.
The fake Jimmy Cifilis says I hate you.
I asked Jim and Joe not to contact you in Toronto due to your wanton disrespect.
I'm sick of your insults.
I'm not a fruit.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're fairy.
I was on network TV.
What have you done besides opening up a big mouth in Miami radio?
You overpaid malcontent from Jimmy Cifilis.
Or Jimmy Cifilis to those who know us.
No hint of best.
Now, cute.
You're going to make your 500.
I think not by that much though.
461.
461.
What?
We only got to get it.
We don't have to get a by lot.
You don't have to win by more than a schnauz.
Exactly.
Like a horse race.
You don't have to win by 13 lengths.
461, Madonna's up to five.
Paris Hilton knows got 216.
Only the most desperate of the desperate of the heterogies would have watched that thing.
Oh, what would you know, Neil?
I know.
Believe me.
I know how when I see it.
And she ain't even like Luke Warm, just like Tila Tequila.
Just barely with a pulse going.
You know, that's how warm she is.
Oh, it's your chance for love.
It's your chance.
I can chance it love.
Oh, my God.
And you really think there's hope for the future of the human race with that garbage on the
ear?
Yeah.
Like Brandon said, MTV, once upon a time was really a neat channel, you know.
A lot of great music videos, a lot of great, uh, fleshy shows like real world and like that.
What was the other one?
It was real world and there was one of the road rules.
Road rule.
That's it.
They ruled.
And now you've been fooled because now it's researching for love.
And you're out.
You're out.
I hate to tell you, but you're ugly and you're tattooed and you're gross and come back.
Like all the guys in there last night.
My ass looks better than their face.
That's how bad those guys were.
Now you think they do that purposely?
They bring on a lot of really loser guys.
So it's easy for her to make the choice.
Yes.
And then she got turned by the, uh, the, I'm not sure I'm a dyke bitch.
She got turned down by her.
The end of the show.
And everybody's crying and running off the set.
Oh, yeah.
I guarantee you that's for real.
Just like professional wrestling, man.
It's for real.
The Jerry Springer show.
I guess maybe that's the purpose of those shows on MTV is to kind of like get,
get the young ones ready for Jerry Springer, you know, kind of like wean them into that.
Yeah.
And to create a crap.
And to contract controversy.
Then I'm going to listen to the Mr. Ego show if they can find it on the dial.
Contrive controversy.
The biggest names, the best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Jam Manditz.
Oh, right.
And then the next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
The next one.
Yeah, that's right.
Probably he would know since it's his bit, or maybe he forgot to.
Ask his chicken neck and his little bison
How does this work?
Does he also have a little box?
Yes.
And Eric's got a little box.
We're all in the box together.
Here is one from the real Larry who says,
it's really amazing how many listeners are named Larry.
Signed the real Larry.
What a perspication observation and great comment.
That's the medley of our email this segment.
See, I saved the bedtime stories for last hour.
because we get to a certain point and they run out of gas.
That was up on 27.
And Sirius is hanging right in there.
It's 16 cents.
All right.
I'm serial.
16 cents for that swill.
Well, we're fresh out of money.
We're fresh out.
Yeah, you're fresh out of everything.
OK, you're done.
You're finished.
Settle right radio.
What did I tell you about that in the beginning?
And at times, when times start getting tough for people,
they cut out non-essentials.
And if there's anything that's non-essential,
it's paying to listen to the radio.
My God.
And don't give me this stuff about cable TV.
Cable TV.
What's the comparison?
There isn't any.
There's none.
Can you even begin to imagine going back to the days of like the
right of years?
Oh, thank you.
With just the local local channels on there.
I mean, you get the network crap.
I don't watch any network shows.
Now that I think of it, I don't watch any network shows.
Not a one.
I watch the NBC Nightly News because I got to watch some news show.
And I shouldn't want to see Wolf Blitzkrieg doing his
professional Israel pom-pom thing.
What else is there to watch?
You know, since it's in that stuff.
I'm regular over the year TV.
Right.
Really?
Family guy, American dad.
Oh boy.
Sunday night Fox lineup.
I'm getting rid of my cable.
But that's it.
That I can think of.
You know, 60 minutes.
You watch that.
I don't watch it anymore either.
Since Leslie Stahl kissed the Antonin Scalia's ass,
I just will not watch it anymore.
They couldn't handle the truth about that Dan Rather piece.
And rather than defend him and point out that that story was
absolutely true about Bush's evasion of serving in the war.
You know, no, no, we can't support Dan anymore.
That was the beginning of the end for CBS.
You see the big tear in the CBS eye.
It's a big tear.
Kind of like the big tear in Bruce Beasley's eye.
He's probably wandering through the building now.
Who came in in breath?
Well, he told you that by the way, Fatson.
I was told by a couple of people when I was in the bathroom.
Was Bruce in the bathroom when you were in there?
No.
Oh my God.
Can you imagine if you got in with that corporate aroma?
Holy cow.
That would have solidified your position there for life.
The corporate Beasley aroma that could put anyone in a coma.
A special legislative committee is prepared to offer the seminals
and exclusivity of the keep their Vegas style slot machines,
but wants to take away the Travis Blackjack and Baccarol card games.
I still don't know what Baccarol is.
I still think it's Bacarat.
Remember Lou, what was his name?
Luke Bacarat, Chivvy.
Burt Bacarat.
And Burt Bacarat.
Yeah.
Who's he married to?
Carol Seger.
Okay.
Is he?
I don't know.
He's not married to Carol King.
Maybe he is.
Google it.
Burt Bacarat.
If you can spell it.
He's being banned from the seminals, Burt Bacarat.
The effort to find agreement with the tribe comes after Governor Charlie Limpurist,
Struck on with him last year only to have the Florida Supreme Court rejected.
Chris the High Court ruled didn't have the authority to allow the seminals
to operate card games at its hard rock and other casinos.
Hey Charlie.
You're fairy.
Only to legislate you can do that because it would require change to state law.
But the seminals, the state's sole operators of card games,
may not agree to get let their lucrative games go.
Their lawyers say they yesterday.
There's never been any reason to discuss that because from the very beginning of the negotiations,
table games were on the table.
Little play on words that very Richard, who represented the tribe in talks with Limpurist Christ.
House Speaker Ray Sansom, Republican of Destin, appointed a special committee yesterday,
to reconsider the deal.
I can tell you the reason we have a slot committee in the houses to re-examine the issue
and give it a fresh look that represented Bill Galvano.
We're probably going to break it into the committee.
That doesn't make it.
What does it say?
And this is a committee simply set up to approve the existing compactor to tweak it.
Or it doesn't mean that.
The tribe continues to run the games at Hard Rock Hotel in New York,
just last month the seminal started the games in their Tampa Hard Rock Resort
and opened a game Saturday at their immaculate facility.
Do you ever go to a mockery?
Don't pass through it.
Fast.
Go through it really fast.
Now what the hell was that?
Was that your phone?
Yes.
Why can't you do that all the way up here?
How about that?
I'm sending you a...
Her back rat's been married to everybody.
So I'm sending you all that.
Carol King?
No, Carol Bayer Sager.
Well, Carol Bayer Sager, that's not anymore.
Oh, they're not together anymore?
No.
Who cares?
God is he ugly.
I'll tell you one thing.
I don't remember what she looked like, but God.
He makes me look beautiful.
He makes me look like Luke Helpen at age 18.
He was there at Angie Dickinson.
She did Larry King, so what does that tell you?
She's God.
Bad eyesight.
She's God.
Bad eyesight.
Or maybe she's just Lucy Goosey.
Yeah.
Lucy Goosey.
Remember that movie that line was from?
No.
No.
Play Misty for me.
You need so a horny.
Marie had the meeting.
Now what the hell was that old time actress that played the agent?
In what?
In Play Misty for me.
Don't you remember she was going to hire him and Evelyn screwed up the deal?
And she showed up in the restaurant?
You know, that's you.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And she left his tape, his audio tape on the table and stormed out.
Google Play Misty for me.
Do an I&B on it.
Donna Mills.
No.
Irene Hervey.
No.
Jessica Walter.
No, that was the crazy, Evelyn.
Clarice Taylor.
No.
Britt Lind.
No.
Famous.
Famous.
Old time actress.
All I got in here is Jessica Walter, Donna Mills.
No.
Irene Hervey.
No.
Clarice Taylor.
Clarice.
No.
Britt Lind.
Jenna Patterson.
No.
And that's it.
I'm going to have to move myself through the barricades here and I don't see anybody.
Mag.
Her name in the movie was Mag.
That's Irene Hervey.
Oh.
I thought it was somebody famous.
I never heard of Irene.
Well.
Mag.
If I write about what a memory.
Oh my god.
That's a good movie.
Play Misty for me.
Spinning millions, moving.
That's it.
What?
Irene Hervey.
You've been a lot of stuff.
98 different things.
Let me say it again.
I don't know the name.
I'm the table potentially millions of dollars that state lawmakers want to improve any expansion
of gambling are now eyeing to help plug a 2.4 billion dollar deficit in this year's budget.
And even worse spending gap is expected next year.
Things are bad.
Go knock down Bruce Beasley in the hall.
He'll tell you where any depression.
Things are bad.
That's why you're out, Chris.
Yep.
The card games are the crux of the dispute.
Federal law groups, uh, Vegas style slot machines in the same class of gambling as bank table games,
including blackjack Richard said that means the tribe is in total to run a card games as
well as the slots, even a quarter slots.
But race track owners disagree.
They see the Supreme Court ruling proves it because the tribe has sovereign immunity and
is operating the games on tribal land.
The state can't stop them.
Dan Atkins, chief executive of Marty Grat, the dog track com casino closest to hard rock
and broward says he's losing 5% of his operation in a year.
The result of the coin to Department of Business and Professional Regulations data is that
the tax money from the three-permeachal facilities in Broward dropped $4.7 million from July
through November and estimated annual loss of nearly 18 million bucks.
The seminal is a promise to lease 75 million a year for the right to be the only ones
to run the card games.
But Atkins said his facility alone paid about 50 million last year to the state from licensing
fees and other taxes from dog racing slots and poker games.
The Senate is more amenable to allowing the tribe to continue the card games, but house
members aren't as likely to sign off on a similar deal to crists which could have produced
a new 200 million a year.
The committee will take public testimony to report the last before the session begins
on March 2.
Well, Seattle Play the Card game, so I don't really care.
I like the hard rock just fine.
And of course we like the permutials because Gulfstream is our close personal buddies.
Yes.
Right?
Yes, they take care of us big time.
We like them, they like us.
I want to go to a Christine Lee's next time I go there.
Okay.
Isn't Christine Lee's in Gulfstream?
It is.
I mean, I'll pay for it.
I'm not even for free because God forbid that it would get back to our management that
we're getting like free meals and that's right.
Oh boy.
Not good.
The best talent for the new projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
So the best talent.
It's the D.A.
Show.
Wing nights for me to win.
Here on.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports.
The.
The.
On the national geographic special.
After 14 months it's seen.
Chakilled is to observe subtle changes in his cruise behavior.
As we enter the sir Agares Lab.
I notice that Philip has removed his wet suit
And slept into a povakadschochtabdy
with matching French carbantes.
I am Agigast.
By the entire crew of the Klaisbsau.
as suddenly changed into a picabou lingerie and for some prajias.
Don't miss the season premiere of the Underwear World of Jankustu.
The sea is a strange mistress and so is my first mate Jocloro.
Don't you have a cup of coffee?
Uh-oh, tonight on PBS.
131 and 560 W.C.M. suggest out of curiosity who are these two weasels in the ati room that told you
we're spasely was in the building who were like maybe that's why they were in the tea room.
They just have to be there and they uh...
What were they?
What does it matter?
Does it sound like a prime man?
Yeah, no.
What's to give up our sources that nobody ever talks to us again and then you want to.
But in his case what difference is it may he's uh...
Maybe he doesn't want to be pushed the rest of the way out the door.
Yeah, exactly.
Soon I'm telling.
No.
And what do they say like breathlessly like?
Oh.
Huh?
They just said uh... they said sorry that I was out of here and uh...
Oh did I know that Bruce was in the building?
Oh.
Well maybe they were hinting that you go to him and get your job back.
Yeah.
He really hinting that we uh...
Go over there and like beat him up or something.
But you see you said that.
I said maybe that's what they were hinting at.
Sounds like a hostile conversation to me.
Not at all.
Sounds like you're making a real good case for getting bounced out.
Say what?
You heard me.
You got like a death wish.
Of course anybody that weighs 800 pounds must have a death wish anyway right?
512 votes on the pull we did it Tubby.
All right.
Which of these people is most about hype and not talent?
Paris Hilton 235, Dr. Phil 83, Rush Limbaugh 68, Phil Popping Fat Ass Rush Limbaugh.
Howard Spurm 44, Oprah 36, Hannah Montana 27, Jay Leno 13,
and Madonna 6.
Why is she doing so well?
Do they think that she's greatly talented or something?
I don't know.
You don't think she's about hype?
Madonna?
Mm-hmm.
Anymore.
I mean she had a lot of hits.
I've like maybe one or two of her songs.
But a lot of people really like her you know.
Really?
Her music.
I didn't tell she did any.
And Rika and Lil'avannis is when the barrel of gas goes up.
I love the way he spells barrel.
Gas stations immediately jack up the prices.
How come gas stations don't do the same way it goes down?
Because the world is a slaughterhouse in Rika.
It's called Fendover and let the big corporations rape you.
And the Saudis and all the other.
Although pretty soon it's going to be a bucket gallon.
They say believe that.
Are you sending me something?
That they.
Oh, it's coming from maybe it's Edmink Manam.
I $80 billion probably an ad facts.
What do you say?
What's your bet?
Ad facts.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Not satisfied with the current cleaning company.
Talk dirty to us.
How do you like that?
Genitorial service.
Talk dirty to us.
Okay, put a flipper back on.
It says it's funny how oil prices drop drastically that the bush is leaving.
Those MFs made billions from us.
And there's no investigation.
Screw you Bush in the other weasel.
We never heard from the entire term they stole.
Says love you Enrique.
They stole STOLD.
They stole it man.
They steal it and they stole it.
The down's up only 78.
It's been kind of hovering between like 75 110.
It's hovering.
It's obviously a selling opportunity.
And seriously hanging hanging solid there at the 16 rock solid 15 cents.
That is.
And here's one from my man, man, who's just chronic is can be.
I mean, I finally blocked you.
You're whatever that one guy is.
I just get tired of the crap, you know, as fueling.
Yes, viewers.
Let me say it again.
Complaints and critiques and criticisms, you know, and.
I mean, it's the holiday season.
Even last night I heard somebody on the tube.
Cube talking about how this is supposed to be at the time.
You know, people are nice to each other and not in South Florida.
And certainly not to us.
They want to be as hostile and negative to as they possibly can.
Hostile.
It says at least Wolf Blitzkrieg is a good boy chick and causes mom and Tamrak every day after doing a show.
Well, good for him.
Give him a gold star in a purple jellybean.
Now, give him a star David in a purple jellybean.
Professional Zionist, who fall?
That's Wolf Blitzkrieg.
He's in the situation room.
The most pedantic man ever to even say hello on TV.
Pedantic.
So George faxes me along this, which believe me.
Oh, yeah, and here's here's why finally block this idiot.
GHB GH with 40 million letters.
Subject SPCA.
Have I been talking about the SPCA?
Not that I can recall, not lately.
Neil, I can't believe you're supporting the SPCA in the reference to band dog and horse racing.
Backstabbing turn code, which he knows damn well.
I'm not and I never said that I was and I haven't been talking about that, but nevertheless.
Am I banning the SPCA?
Am I supporting them?
I know, I never say that.
I've never been ever critical of them and Peter.
But nevertheless, don't confuse.
Robert Holges Jr.
with his 85 letters on there.
Whole series of these people.
I'm just blocking and banning and blocking and banning and deleting and blocking and dealing.
And that's it because that's what it boils down to.
Almost enough to make you want to take some of those great calls, you know.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
By the way, Bruce, be sure and thank you for us when you go back to over to West Coast.
Thank you for your tremendous assistance on the show.
That was only a 50 points now.
And Joe says I found this format.
I look, I look this format very original.
Locals just emails.
I look at I think he means I like it.
This is I look at I look this format.
I'm a South Florida S. K. P. to I'm an Atlanta, Georgia.
What an age to be alive.
I can get your show on the net while I'm working at home.
Anyway, my favorite bit is the one a few years ago down in South Florida on business.
I heard it.
The one word, Dick Cheney is lying on the sofa.
Listening to one to two hour.
That's not a bit.
How about an encore of that one, Dick Cheney?
Yeah, by the way, Goka Brian said the bit.
With the cannibalism is a Greg Reed Thanksgiving.
He thinks and I don't have it.
You might, but I don't Greg Reed Thanksgiving.
I don't have a living.
No, got that.
I've got this one.
I read the mom's.
A mom's there.
No, I got this one.
Well, from Greg.
Well, well, well, I got that.
But I don't have a whatever your time.
I don't even Greg Reed what Thanksgiving for what?
A Greg Reed Thanksgiving.
In fact, if I were you, Tubby, I go I go running around the building right now
before it's time to depart.
I find Bruce Beasley and Tom, we all want Greg Reed back.
We just took a vote and we want Greg back.
All right, I'll go to that now.
Is he getting up?
Is he leaving?
No.
No.
That was only a 49 point.
There's a little bush on there.
Oh, no.
Now.
I'm telling you that whole southern red neck you think.
I just can't deal with it.
I just can't deal with it.
Don't like the drum.
My feel sims in his sideline.
No, no.
Time that sets his top.
Just fine.
I can't handle it.
I mean, do people really speak like that or is it just put on this Chris off the rest of the day?
They talk like that.
They talk like that?
Yes, they talk like that.
Yeah.
I think Phil ought to spend a lot more time on the sideline and off my TV, off the air.
Phil sims.
I'm positive that he's equally obnoxious to Chris Collinsworth.
Although I think everybody hates Chris Collinsworth.
Even more than Jerk Jerk Street.
I know Tubby hates Chris Collinsworth.
I like to like to poison his cornflakes.
Exactly.
Bert Backer X has been married four times.
First, Apollo Stewart.
Second, actress Angie Dickinson.
Third, Delirious' Carol Bayer-Sager.
With whom he collaborated on a number of pieces.
And fourth, since 1993, to Jane Strauss Hansen.
I wonder if she's from the Hansen group, you know?
Remember the Hansens?
Yeah.
Now, who do you think is going to be around longer?
Hansen or the Jonas Brothers?
Well, Hansen's already not around anymore.
That's what I mean.
Well, that's what I want him to know.
Yeah.
I thought I told you what I'm dying.
You said no.
I don't remember you saying that.
And me saying that in response.
When Hansen died.
Yes.
And the group died.
I don't know.
I'm sure hope that, and that Kenny, what's his name?
What's his name, Jonas?
The real ugly one.
He's threatening to leave because he didn't get much attention on it.
Nick Backrack was born premature.
Oh, Nikki Backrack, excuse me.
I wonder if she's kind of that fat Nikki Grossman.
Nikki Backrack was born prematurely in 1966.
It was for her, he wrote the instrumental piece.
Nikki, I never heard that.
Did you?
Nope.
Nope.
No.
She had chronic health problems as a result of her premature birth.
Also was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome and spent nine years at the Wilson Center.
A psychiatric residential treatment facility for adolescents in Fairbalt, Minnesota.
She committed suicide by suffocation using a plastic bag and helium on January 4th, 2007 to age 40.
Backrack said she quietly and peacefully committed suicide to escape the ravages to her brain brought on by Asperger's.
Why would your Chris is going to have a couple of those for lunch, a couple of Asperger's?
Asperger's, where do they serve?
Oh, no.
Woo!
Now, did they finally get those, um,
Anus burgers with bacon and cheddar and Mickey D's down there, they still just here?
Uh, I haven't, you don't know.
A fat guy like you that eats tons and tubs and gigantic oozing amounts of food every day does know from the Anus burger with bacon and cheddar.
That is one hell of a sandwich.
What the biggest name?
Plastic bag and helium, keep it in mind.
42.
6.
4.
4.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
6.
9.
5.
9.
9.
9.
9.
9.
9.
She's got a tocha so I'm I she's got a tocha so I and she don't care
She says that the wedding dress I know of her stress
Yeah, I don't know how she will fit in her wedding dress
She's got a tocha so I and she's got a tocha so I and she don't care
I tell you why you're too short to watch
She'll be right she'll work out no more
She's gonna have to go on the diet
To look like she did once before
I've done everything that I could I've needed in bed
To drive the opera slimmed plan or see Jenny Craig
Oh, she's got a tocha so I and she's got a tocha so I and she don't care
I tell you why I'm too short to watch
She'll be right she'll work out no more
She's gonna have to go on the diet
To look like she did once before
I think I'll try it like us and it's by some chance
Yeah, it is too tight in the way I'll get some stretch fans
Because I've got a tocha so I and I've got a tocha so I and I've got a tocha so I and I've got a tocha so I and we make this look fair
We make a good man
You only need that like a play that is because I love the way he says tochus you know like a real Jew
Yeah, not tocus
And then of course that's probably the only bit we've got that we have an alternative that's just please don't play it
See even determined can't say is this tocus yeah, what kind of a gochus your cup of sea touches
Touches don't touch us you might case something
529 on your poll you're okay fat so for your last day. I mean
So what's the deal you're gonna be here tomorrow? I believe so and Friday I think so when George is on vacation a couple weeks
You'll be here then well I hope so I sent
That you'll be here with George then right I hope yep, no
Requesting to work those days, but I haven't been told anything
Oh, maybe that's what they're discussing right now
You know the high-level meetings I'm sure include you oh totally not
I just says I know it's too late but my last boyfriend was thinking you might agree that no telling bitch Gloria as Stefan should be on the pool
No, not at all. She's small potatoes
She is definitely small for them. I write yep
George I cut a story on national geographic last night. I decided you might be interested in called marijuana nation on one part
This guy had a spray bottle. He was spraying the plants with and like magic. They seem like they grew 10 feet tall
You've been coughing and gagging a lot lately on the year just in case you're close to croaking
Want to tell you it's a pleasure listening to you every day?
Do you take my mind away from crap that we got to hear from this right wing Cuban boss I work for?
PS high-fat Chris hanging there as long as you can maybe you'll get lucky and you'll assign your name in the next check and set a
Josh
I'm gonna think about that. I think that would be you know because Josh now is a big shot
He hangs out with Joe Bell has lunch when in fact he's probably in a meeting right now with them with the beesleys
My gosh, you're cordless. That's probably why didn't come running in to get that measly beesle check
What do you think something to think about?
You got it got it
Here's one from Matt Miami. This is this is the guy who loves the callers
I'm a long time listener to your show field. It's best value for the money. Yeah, the prices right man
You're very entertaining and funny. I don't know what I would do without your show during the middle of the day
I'm glad you started mixing in some of the phone calls with the emails no
The emails were starting to get old. No
I know you get tired of all the chronic calls also, but hearing different voices is a lot better than hearing just one voice
It gets to be monotone after a while. No
Besides you have some of the best entertain calls in a radio business not
Not yes, I agree with you some like Prozac Ron Paco update guy old man John a few others do start to wear on you
Other callers are pretty good entertaining. I notice you dislike the quarter-shlock guy
Well, you ought to see how he spelled quarter-inch slot SLOTE I've yet to figure out what has he ever done to you
He's boring. He has nothing to say. Okay other than the fact he's the quarter-shlock guy. He's boring and chronic
He has a thick man's voice not a guilty squeaky voice
I was wondering what happened to Lucy Lopez guy
I know he would always give Georgia rough time hoping you can help me out with some answers take care
May God bless you met my may God bless you and that's just what I'm expecting on here may God bless you yes
Oh boy
Fake Larry King says if you aren't gonna bring Stan in which we are not can you call him for us face down in the gutter listening to the
Sandmaid your show did you ever hear Phil Henry do the fake Stanmaid your no I didn't know Phil ever did Stan
But I guess he did are you sure? Uh-huh
I didn't even know this film had we even news Stanmaid neither but Phil knew a Phil
Rick Spider-Man he knew all the uh, yeah, yeah, Simon
Rudy says what happens for whatever reason
You're doing the show tummy is George gonna do the show by himself
Yeah, Georgia's gonna do the show by himself. I'm laying out. I'm gonna call him gay every day
But you always did well, why do we have to have just gay wins?
They don't get you every day. They call him gay. That's a good excuse
Oh
Yeah, here it is. It says hey Neil your boy Jimmy Cifal is sure as together listening to some of his great lines
I W. I. D. the morning his idol is Rarshalin ball
He thinks OJ was given a heart sentence called OJ a gentleman and he's calling Obama a liar already
What a sports hole a piece of crap
You should have him on your show as a guest. Oh, yeah, but make for a great hour or two and by the way
I have a solution for fat Chris's problem with his hours getting cut keep Chris and get rid of George
Chris is more mount out it needs the money shameless bit please
Ebonics airline and guess what there ain't no such big
There is I played all the time
I think fourth
The biggest names the best talent. It's the big dog Joe Rose
Weekday morning seven attend sports radio five sixty
i am the sport
town
at 56
Hey
Come on never
week on a pear game
Kid's
Find it to be the name.
Yo, what you talkin' about?
You take a pumpkin joke for it.
I ain't fun boy, ain't fun some skills to make it rather.
Gotta put some skills.
Check out what I've been kicking.
What you talkin' about?
You haven't found a joke, Ash.
Show me.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus.
He's a polenta, polenta,
polenta,
he's a pizza,
he's a pizza.
He's a pizza.
Let's be your homie.
Home in home in the morning,
polenta,
polenta,
he's a polenta.
Home in.
Yo, this be evident.
Every early arbella,
he's a man of battle,
so fast,
but he's be a man of battle.
Man of battle,
Move that hole,
so,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho,
ho and ho and ho and ho,
ho and ho and ho, ho,
ho and cake,
ho and ho, ho.
ode.
Cock.
Now try your luck with applause.
All
Popp taki
ho they 
hoabe
Drink
By
tries
suspenseful
Buck.
Yeah.
Pete
ife
It's
gate.
Pete
ife
It's
gate
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
I never found like a bunker.
The ship mightn't have broken.
Buck.
Peek on it, Gas.
Peek on it, Gas.
Bye, bye, bye, bye.
