Oh, these are the best, the previous programs are those of them.
Oh!
And collars.
We did it!
And put it, your dreams.
And that's the best.
Thanks, Zach.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQA.
Yeah.
By the way, Joe Bell, stay the hell away.
Oh, you.
Even Freese said you were moron.
And that what you said?
560 WQAM.
Presents the Neil Rogers Show.
We said, after he's done 5755,
he'll be in day and bro.
Now what you said?
In other counties.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Ok.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
But you can't let the classroom work.
Kill what? It's gone. It's gone.
We'll be at the end of the day to dominate people,
with the gas that we sold in.
First time a gracer nation,
and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled,
to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there,
to Samantha,
are right.
Wean is drilling it over and over
and to our heads.
That iridescent weapons of master's destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
Unnamed in London.
But no one seems concerned.
All come to be in complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration.
That controls us by fear through media manipulation.
And the right wing is drilling it over and over and over
and to our heads.
Ooh, that iridescent weapons of master's destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table partners all are saying.
Blind obedient cattle don't have.
Any reservation.
Fought and provoked.
Faddle and.
World annihilation.
Old regimes must fall.
And halivert and it's no.
With no objection at all.
Democrats don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over
and to our parade was penned.
Iraq has some.
Weapons of master's destruction.
Only Iraq has some.
Weapons of master's destruction.
Queen.
104560 WQMX Wednesday November 5th.
It's my birthday, baby.
It's my birthday, big deal.
You kill that crap.
What's with all the music today?
It's your birthday.
Even my-
Open my fantastic open that I had all stacked up there and you're playing some crap in the background.
While playing celebrate in the background.
Yeah, celebrate this.
Celebrate the fact that joebell was in there and didn't take a big dump on your head.
Now, Clarence came in this morning before the show to put on a good dog and pony show for me.
At least he does it well.
At least he pretends that he actually can tolerate me.
But then joe comes in and he'll joebell.
Joebell.
And I thought, what?
I was in such a good mood.
We won the election last night.
Big, big, glanced like I told you.
Thank God.
It's my birthday.
I made it to 66, which is a freaking miracle.
And I got joebell coming in there.
Oh, well, did you get my gift yet?
And he'll keep going.
Check in the mail every day.
And like you said, he thinks he's funny.
See, this is the-
Like, I've always told you, the worst people in life are people who think that they're funny, but they're not.
And of course, Flea already told us about that.
He said the only thing funny about him is the way he looks.
And his breath.
Really?
Is he got bad breath?
It's a little funky sometimes.
Oh, must be really nasty in the sack.
You'd ask Chris that.
Chris would know that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How do you wouldn't?
I'm never close enough to know the breath, so I wouldn't know about the sack.
Yeah, how do you know the breath?
They kiss a lot.
Flea.
Well, I have conversations with him.
Yeah, although nobody has worse breath than Todd Greck.
Oh, old stench breath.
Sceptic tank breath, Todd Greck.
I'll tell you who probably has worse breath is Jew Lieberman.
Oh, I'd like to see the look on his face this morning.
I'd love to see the look on his face.
Every time you saw Old McCain, there was Jew Lieberman with that wimpy smile on his face standing behind him.
Look, look like he just swallowed a quince.
They're probably spooning each other right now.
And spooning this, spooning each other.
Jew Lieberman.
Oh, my God.
Anyway, it was the hell of a night and what a birthday gift, huh?
And I've got 80 billion emails all wishing me happy birthday and stuff, and I'm going to read them all.
Other MySpace thing, remember I was bitching about that the other day?
I got eight.
Eight?
You get a lot of, huh?
You're going to get some more.
Yeah, MySpace My Ass.
Most of those people are long gone.
You know, the novelties worn off.
Justin says, emailing to wish you a happy birthday.
Thank you for all the years of enjoyment you've forgiven me and all your listeners over the years.
I wish you all the best for the rest of your career.
May you be happy when lots of cash it would buy.
Haven't been with bun in a few days.
And trying to remember what the hell they I did go Sunday morning.
And today is already Wednesday.
Not going to have no time today.
Thank God Obama won the election.
I think I would have killed myself if Insane McCain would have won.
I must say I'm disappointed in the way the Red Decks and Florida voted a band gay marriages.
I'm a heterosexual male so the band doesn't affect me but I can't understand why people give a rat's ass if a gay couple want to marry.
It looks like in California the thing passed to by the way.
So don't be knocking Florida so much you know it is a mugwump state.
I can't believe that Obama won Florida and Pennsylvania and Ohio and Indiana and North Carolina.
Oh my God.
Once he won Ohio that was it.
The McCain people said oh jeez I guess we're screwed.
Anyway Justin says I wish the church and the government would just get the hell out of our lives in our bedrooms already.
I have a number of friends in Florida who voted yes on the gay marriage band.
So I get so frustrated when talking to them.
Well don't talk to them anymore just and just shoot them.
All that comes out of these people's mouths is bigotry and hatred or they must be Republicans.
I wish all the religions of the world would just go away already.
Love you Neil. Have a great day.
Thank you Justin. Nice email.
Actually said something.
I want to disagree with something Obama always says.
He said it again last night.
Another brilliant speech.
McCain gave a good speech to his concession speech.
Yep for him I thought it was pretty nice although his crowd, his followers there as usual.
A little unruly in the beginning.
Boo, that's far too boo.
But of course when you're whipping them up for weeks and months ahead of time with all that crap about the socialist terrorist.
What do you expect? Kill them.
But I thought he did okay for an old coup and I would just go away and take that pasty faced pill pop and wife ears.
I'm not sure who makes me more nauseous Sarah Paling or a Cindy McCain.
Although I don't think we're going to see too much of Cindy no mo.
Me would have to be Sarah her voice.
And you saw her me.
She was like a herrman.
Julie Lieberman.
He just oh makes my skin crawl.
He makes me wish I never had a home entouched in my life.
Although I could go for some kishki on my birthday.
Wouldn't that be great?
What?
Kishki.
Now listen you fake dude.
Don't be giving me this somewhat.
That was me not at all.
That was the fake dude. That was my thought it was a fake tick.
Anyway I want to disagree with the one thing.
I mean Obama says there's no this America and no well yeah.
And there's only one United States.
Well I wish that were true.
But the country as a whole that spelled H-O-L-E is kind of like the state of Florida.
It's two different countries just like the state of Florida is two different states.
And I've said for years we ought to have North Florida and South Florida.
If they can do it in the Carolinas and the Dakotas, why not in Florida?
Two different states.
Am I right?
Ask Lee he knows.
Yeah.
Not a bad idea.
Oh Jimmy Cifilus by the way is doing a poll this morning.
How do you feel now that Barack Obama's our president elect?
Wait till you hear the result.
I'll back him fully 10 and a half percent.
I'll wait and see how he governs 12 and a half percent.
He's liberal. I can't support him.
4.49 percent.
And I'm frightened for our country.
72 percent of the Jimmy Cifilus crowd of Nazis over there on IOD.
Hey Jimmy.
You failed.
Who the hell are you kidding you silly ass freak?
God.
Jimmy Cifilus might ask.
What a disgrace.
So Joe Bell has got budget being said.
I hope they really just rake him over the coals.
Oh I hope they don't cut Chris's pay anymore.
Can they get it anymore?
Is that possible?
No I think they can.
I think they brought in a razor blade from Naples.
Scalpel maybe.
They're going to slice it.
But you look at the map of the country and it's so obvious.
Look at the states that McCain won.
Okay.
Listen to this list of states.
And what comes to mind immediately.
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Tennessee, South Carolina,
Kansas, Nebraska, South Dakota, North Dakota, Wyoming, Montana, Idaho.
What immediately comes to mind when you think of all those places of special like Mississippi, Alabama, Tennessee, rednecks, rednecks.
That's right.
You got the USA and you got the rednecks, a two different countries.
You got like the living and breathing people on a west coast and on the northeast and in the Midwest too now.
You noticed that Obama swept Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, even Indiana and Ohio.
But when they announced he won Ohio, I just started doing cartwheels in the living room.
Of course they had a holdoff till that last hour because you knew that California is sitting out there with him way to hell out there and that's 55 electoral votes.
And you knew he was going to win Hawaii and you knew Washington, Oregon.
Here, explain something to me.
Oregon does all mail-in ballots, okay?
Yep.
So why do they say that the polls closed there at 8 p.m. local time, 11 o'clock, or whatever.
What differences make when the polls closed?
No idea.
I believe you can actually take in your mail and drop it off.
You don't have to just mail it in. You can actually hand deliver it.
I'm going to hand deliver you something.
You know my two dogs I had for all those years, I saved up a big gigantic bag of goodies.
That's got a smell by now.
And I'm going to deliver it right to your face.
Can you catch it on fire first, please?
The redneck states, baby, you got the living and breathing states and the redneck states,
the bigoted hate mongering states, the states where the average education is in a minus column.
You've got educated people and you've got morons.
And of course, morons tend to be very bigoted and very narrow-minded and very stupid.
By the way, Al Franken lost.
Norm Coleman outlasted Al Franken in one minute, so this tightest Senate elections ever squeaking past Al Franken
by a margin that appears certain to trigger a recap.
Out of 2.9 million votes cast, Coleman led Franken by 762 votes.
Wow.
42.03% to 42%.
Al Franken.
They found out that Norm Coleman used to be a college roommate with Norma Kent.
And they said, hey, Norma.
You fairy.
How do you like that? Al Franken looks like God-aged doubt.
Which is really bad news because that means they'll stick his ass back on the radio now.
Al Franken.
1013 at 560 WQM.
It's a great Wednesday.
Hallelujah.
Oh.
Oh.
Hey, Lin-Wall.
From Alaska.
For.
From Alaska.
For.
From Alaska.
Very true.
And Eskimo.
For.
From Alaska.
A hot, pima-fimbo.
Sarah some bulldozed some colleges after leaving Idaho.
She met a guy named Pa.
Who's a drunken Eskimo.
She modeled in her bathing suit in a local beauty show.
Then she got a gig in the media broadcasting force for polls.
She granted me the mayor in the town of 52.
Then he came to Governor of a state where the girls are few.
She kept the money for the earmarks that she got approved.
And Sarah named her children trick and track and dig it in due.
Where the path of tarp dealing up with crank in was still love for.
From Alaska.
Very true.
And Eskimo.
For.
From Alaska.
A hot, pima-fimbo.
Oh, don't say hockey.
I see the leafs lost for my birthday too.
I didn't know they were playing.
I didn't know but I had more important fish to fry.
How about the ranges?
I see the ranges lost again last night too for the obnoxious New Yorker.
Ranges.
Ranges.
Ranges all of a sudden.
They're losing all the time.
Ranges.
Well, I got about 4,000 emails here.
I'm going to read every one of them.
And if I omit yours if you sent me an email, thank you in advance.
But if I leave it out, it means I don't like you.
No, I just can't do them all, you know.
I'm just overwhelmed by it.
What?
I said, I'm serious.
There's in my thing that's usually empty, you know, where it says there's no one, nothing in this view.
It's just packed jammin.
Jam on it, man.
And you thought there was no more love for you?
There's not.
Well, Joe Bell was in it this morning.
Just keep watching your bail box every day and you'll...
Oh!
Thank you, your president's on TV right now.
No, your president.
He'll lead him in Senator Biden on their impressive victory.
I told the president-elect he can count on complete cooperation.
Yeah, I'm sure I'm positive he's going to want to come and consult with you with your stupid dumb ass.
We've gone from that to Obama.
And I told you a long time ago I was one of the first people.
Nobody took me seriously.
I mean, some people have got it and some people don't have it.
And even transcending specific issues, there are people who have leadership qualities,
the ability to inspire leadership to bring out greatness and hope in people.
And then there are people like...
No matter how they cast their ballots.
That's that.
That make you wish that you were dead.
That make you wish that we didn't have a government.
Eight years of hell we've endured.
Under these butchers who should have been impeached long time ago were not for the weak-need Nancy Pelosi.
Should have had impeachment pressing.
Can imagine how many more people might still be alive today if they would have impeached them like two years ago?
A war based on lies, 4,000 plus dead American soldiers, hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis.
Meanwhile, I'll kind of stronger than ever.
Osama Yamama is still running around.
We're going to smoke him out of their holes.
Yeah, you're smoking him all right.
I don't know what they are smoking there.
This moment is especially uplifting.
Yeah, because it's a referendum on your eight years of abject failure.
You miserable dumb-o.
You simple-ton.
By the way, your buddy, Jolly Jo, is still like George Bush.
Well, you want to know why?
Because dumb people like each other.
They gravitate to each other.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Douglas says happy birthday and you'll thanks for all your great work and go Obama.
Kick their ass last night.
Didn't just win an election.
Kick their nasty right-wing foamy name calling ass.
Oh, he's a socialist.
He's a communist.
He's a liberal.
They threw every piece of crap into the world.
Of course, they had no issues.
Other than they had this crazy red-naked bitch from Alaska that nobody ever heard of before.
And the fact that McCain kept staring at her ass.
Daniel says happy birthday, Neil God.
Thank you for the all the years of entertainment.
You're the man.
Yes, I'm the man or the whatever.
Well, here's my good buddy, Brandon.
And he goes to show you.
Brandon's a good guy because he's not holding the aim thing against you.
Fat Chris.
Cool.
He probably is.
Oh, well.
What?
Well, you're, you and George are the ones that turned me off of that aim, that A.O.
Wellance and messaging thing.
And thank God that you did.
I'm tired of getting that off my dim screen off my monitor.
Brandon says, well, happy birthday, Palli.
That's my gift to you voting for Obama.
It seems you got what you wanted.
That's one hell of a birthday present.
Happy birthday, my friend.
Thanks, Brandon.
You're the man.
The fake Ernie Sochins is happy birthday.
Want a sock?
Ernie Sochins with a sock show on W.I.N.Z.
100 years ago.
Those were the days, baby.
That was almost like a real radio station back in those days.
And a big ass studio.
Each phone line had its own pot in the control.
And they had no problem.
Yeah.
So they had no problem like tracing crank calls and really operating a talk show.
You know, they knew something about it.
As opposed to your fat ass friend who does his phone, he stand up comedy.
Was he standing up or sitting down when he was in their Chris?
Oh, he was standing up.
Yeah, figures.
Who the hell could, who could ever build a chair to hold that fat ass?
You put Debbie Ellis and the Humphers asses together and still not even in the same league.
That was funny.
Mike says, first most importantly, happy 66th birthday.
Good luck on quick hit.
It would buy it.
What a better present for you than to see Berac being our president-elect with the old regime on the way out the door.
What a landslide where it was double up on the silly electoral college voting system.
That being said, I did vote for McCain.
Oh!
But I'm looking forward to seeing the exciting energy that Berac brings to the party.
It's truly my hope that with the Democratic Controller Congress on executive branches,
it will only be a matter of time before he fixes the old farts on the Supreme Court as well.
He fixes him.
Well, the only way we're going to fix the old farts on the Supreme Court.
Greg says, happy birthday.
I hope you have many more from your fan in Northern Florida.
Thank you, Greg.
I bet you that's Greg Reed.
Haven't heard from Greg Reed in a long time.
Do you guys?
Yeah, right.
Oh, my phone's ringing.
I'll be back.
Uh-oh.
See, he pulls this, you know, just-
Just absolutely use walks out, you know, what kind of a radio show is that?
Yeah, yeah, that's kind of strange, you know.
That's why I guess we should have a music or something.
Let's see.
See what I got here.
What's that CD?
Oh, this is nice.
This is pleasant.
Exactly, you know.
So I use this as an opening music lately.
And how long has he gone for?
He could be gone for 35 minutes.
Somebody sent me flowers.
Oh, Joe Bell?
Now do you think I should go down and see who they're from?
I maybe they're from Joe Bell.
Surely you just-
He said, watch your mail.
Yeah.
Flowers don't come in your mailbox.
Oh, leave it from George.
If Joe Bell sent me anything, it would be in a brown paper a second,
it would smell like what I was talking about before, okay?
Maybe Joe's been saving up some of that wild-blooded diarrhea.
Oh, uh-oh.
What?
That's what I wish for him.
Not just for this year, but for eternity.
Wild, oozing, uncontrollable, bloody diarrhea.
How do you really do that?
I think maybe during the break what I'll do is I'll put my pantaloonies on.
And I'll run down there and get the flowers, see who they're from.
Isn't that sweet?
Very sweet.
How would send me flowers?
Maybe Poco.
Flowers?
Maybe death.
So now you're going to cover when I go downstairs.
It might take me more than like 10 seconds, you know?
Yeah, I'll play something.
Play something long.
Yeah.
Anyway, 1026 at 560 WQM, what a happy day, what a happy, happy, happy, happy birthday,
what a great experience last night.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future,
act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience.
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps, and sing feelings while the kernels go snap crackle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much.
Lick, a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and you're a country at the sign of respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask a stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be annoying.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon, a funeral.
Play Go Fetch with a scene I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling, kill her bees, kill her bees.
Say the word titty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries, then try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire if he'll take a million dollars for one of his books.
Try to find the secret to Caratop's success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcastis and force them to stay in his car seat.
Try to dribble bobcastis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no real will to anyone, unless you don't like them.
Then screw them around their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy or completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's-ange if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Smith and old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle in the gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
Find what's left of your innocence.
Understand it.
Embrace it.
Detect it.
And every so often, take it out for a nice nash.
Carat of not to care.
Home while you eat.
Act strange and people will lead you alone.
Here we sure do.
So anyway, I got some beautiful flowers from Paco.
Was that nice?
Oh, look at that.
I was right.
A nice little card inside.
See, some people care enough to send their very best.
And then there were those people like Jolly Jo Bell.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
So I guess you missed the birthday wish?
From who was that?
For Cordis.
You want to hear it again?
No.
You sure?
You put a lot of time in the email from either Himor from the fake Josh Cordis.
Let me get started on these 4,000 emails.
Okay.
I know it's not going to make for a simple, leading, compelling radio.
But I'm sure that, you know, castor over could take some notes.
In fact, I have one from the fake Paul Castronova.
Here's one from a guy who sends me a picture almost naked in a bathing suit.
Oh, why did you do that?
I'm not really sure which guy this is.
So that's good.
Oh, and here's another picture with him.
Oh, here it is.
From Ray.
Don't send me any more pictures, Ray.
You're an ugly guy.
Happy birthday, Neil.
Your present was delivered 11 o'clock last night.
Thank you for sharing it with the rest of the world.
Happy birthday, Ray.
Thank you, Ray.
No more pictures, please.
I think that's Ray.
Oh, the fake Roger Magdalene, who can't even spell as a fake name right.
Who?
So you guys don't know.
That's the problem with George being away this year on Election Day and on my birthday.
But that's George for you.
You know, that's George.
Sarah Palem is so gun-hoed allusion-alarm, still expecting her to show off with inauguration ceremonies
to take the Vice-Presidential Oath of Office.
She has personally set back the ERA movement 75 years with her display these past few months.
Unfortunately, she will not be impeached from the elastic governorship, but she doesn't stand a snowball chance in hell of being reelected.
And that will never have to see her or those effing glasses ever again.
I hope she goes broken as to go from being hockey mom to the hooker mom.
And a holler on Anchorage Street Corner.
What?
That's what the bitch deserves.
I'd pay for it, though, since I'm desperate.
Neil, I hope you live to be 112th stay on the whole time because my enjoyment tended to his more important than your happiness, but at least I admitted.
Nevertheless, happy birthday.
We're taking back America when I was the fastest at a time.
This is the fake Roger Magdalene.
Johnny G says we did it.
And happy birthday, Uncle Neil.
Keeps it short, right to the point.
Nice going, Johnny G.
Don't start getting chronic again.
So here's Josh Cortis.
And it says the real Josh Cortis.
Do you believe it?
No.
Maybe.
It says happy birthday, Neil.
I was planning on giving you something, but I spent all the money you sent me on booze and chasing tails.
Speaking of money, when are you going to send me my next check?
Yeah, that's him.
Yeah, that's him.
Here's one from Fredrick, who has happy birthday, too.
He spells it all out.
Neil, sorry it's taken so long for me to drop you my first email.
A long time listener, 22 years, I think.
Sometime, Faxier, never call her.
Also, my space friend.
Wish you the best birthday ever and many, many more.
Hopefully with us on the radio.
I'm also the former self-proclaimed Yale Rodgers pollster for the presidential elections.
But past this year, such was my confidence in Barack Obama.
Let's keep our fingers and legs crossed to garments as well as the campaign.
Peace, Fred and Naples.
Thank you, Fred.
Byron says, Byron from Ridino, Idaho.
Happy birthday.
You still sound like you're 39.
Thank you, Florida for voting Obama.
Signed Byron Peggan, mustered the Wonder Dog.
Oh, my phones were going to get on me back.
Oh, my gosh.
And why 39?
It's 39.
Have a sound to it.
I mean, 40, 30.
But who picks 39?
I have no idea.
And the other person said, I hope you lived to be 112.
Now, why 112?
Well, you know, be around for whole century.
You can kind of see how things changed.
Bayby's time is 112 will have flying cars.
Oh, yeah, that's possible.
So then he can be like, one of those people that, you know,
I was around when there was just like, you know, horse-drawn carriages.
As long as he's not driving when in the flying cars.
I don't want 112-year-old guy driving a flying car.
Are you sure?
That'd be fun.
But it's for my dentist office.
I got a tooth cleaning next week and now she wants me to come to Mars.
I said, can't do it.
I mean, the day after my birthday, I want to go and get my teeth cleaned.
Can't you just have my gum bleeding and stuff?
And as far as 39 is concerned, that's a jacked, anything,
which is way before your time.
Yeah.
He was famous for lying about his age.
So, you know, the line was that when he got to be 39,
he just stopped counting.
So he was always 39.
Oh, no.
So that's why they say, you sound like you're still 39.
I don't know to me.
I sound like I'm 66.
Timmy Williams.
Oh, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Timmy Williams at a safe number three says, happy birthday, Uncle Neil.
I still can't believe Barack took Florida.
Too bad it couldn't extend to getting the Diaz Bullards, both of them.
And Ilya Naras, Frou, Rosalite, and not to Congress.
But it's still a rare day.
But I'm not 100% ashamed to be Florida.
And I hope Iraq drops nuclear bombs on the red states.
Shameless request you to please play party doll by buddy knocks.
Your former incompetent boss, Timmy Williams.
You're likely to story the fake Timmy Williams.
I know we're not playing buddy knocks and party doll on coral records.
You got it in there and Georgia's stuff or you don't you have access to that?
He's got access to it.
He got it trying to find it.
He's not as, you know, used to go.
He's not as effed as Duarte.
There you go.
Come along with me, you have the little wild to be ever loving.
Dringle with my, to run for the fienders that do my hair.
Okay, Timmy.
Wow, it's gonna take me till at least midnight to get through all these emails.
There was my Dan dinner tonight, I guess.
Hey, Neil, jolly joe bell, general manager of WQAM.
I just walked in to wish you a happy birthday, but then I got this dear Joe.
I know it's Neil's birthday.
Be careful what you say because whatever you say may come back to haunt us.
Sign joy.
So therefore, forget that I wish you a happy birthday and just do what you do.
Good luck, you're on your own.
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock.
He sat in the metal just shaking his fists at some boys who were down by the creek.
They're feeding the water, their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four.
There came a young lady, she looked like a pretty young creature, she sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy dark.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you send litter from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the metal was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark.
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
He be asked her, fun like, least she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fits.
And maybe she'd let him wrap hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty made of butter, Scotch.
And then he spread wood cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
Okay, 10.45 a.k.a.m.
Jolly Joe getting in on the act 2, huh?
Hey, while we're at it.
Yes, we need to wish Alice and have a birthday too.
Why, Alice and her birthday is today?
Today is her birthday, she's turning really red right now.
Are you shmitting me?
Nope.
Birds of a feather celebrate together.
Well, happy birthday, Alice and she says it's only 25 to 25.
Whatever, me too.
You know, I can't, I'm never going to get caught up with these.
Oh well, I'm going to have to.
Maybe it'll carry over in the morning.
I've got, I've got zillions of these.
Cousillions.
Because everybody loves them.
I think it's a sniff those flowers, man. They're beautiful.
Isn't that something?
Mm-hmm.
Dennis and Seminole Florida says, as an American Jew born in the 50s, I'm happy to say we're all sparsers now.
At least in my neighborhood in those days most of the Jews I raised around supportive of the
bloods and I was raised to hope for this day.
By the way, I'm sure you saw Jesse Jackson there at Grand Park in Chicago with a cry.
Here's Nizai.
Oh, it's so touching.
And of course what he was thinking was this should have been me, you know.
I was thinking he was like, oh man, I'm screwed.
What does that mean?
After what he said about Obama under his breath, you know.
Yeah.
Now he's like, oh man, this guy's going to come back at me.
What's he going to do?
Like to pour them?
Yes.
Guantanamo, baby.
Maybe the phone will ring again.
You just don't want to do a show to it, do you?
No, that's not the point when the phone rings.
I got like the flowers.
I'm glad I went down there and got those.
That was sweet.
You know, it was a nice thing.
And you didn't think he would have gotten it for you.
He got me flowers last year on my birthday.
All the last year my birthday week was not.
Oh, it was like a psychotic.
There's a lot of crap going on.
This year everything is very peaceful.
Obama won last night.
I'm all excited about that.
I'm thrilled.
I sat there, man.
Going between MSNBC and CNN back and forth, back and forth.
And of course I have somewhere in this pile an email about how I'm always knocking.
But CNN did a good job.
I don't think either one of them did a good job because basically they spend 90% of the time
with the same talking heads down a Brazil and build Bennett.
And then that goofball, what else is name?
The guy that works for the four presidents.
What is his name?
I don't know.
I can see him.
David Gergen, excuse me.
When you get to be this age, you're excused for not remembering your own name.
And you said you're watching post a lot too.
That black icon.
Oh Eugene Robinson.
He's all over MSNBC.
But then they're talking in the meantime, you're saying, well, how is Indiana?
What's the latest vote?
What's North Carolina?
You know, they had all these really close states.
And then of course they made this wait to 11 o'clock and you just knew California
with those 55 electoral votes and Hawaii and Oregon and Washington and Nevada and Colorado.
And Obama had it licked.
But they made this wait to 11 o'clock and then they come out with a breathless announcement.
You know.
And I went to bed about the 20th to midnight thinking, oh, I'm just I'm just too exhausted from all this.
There's no way I can stay up and watch the speech as much as I would like to.
And I laid in bed till about 10 after midnight.
I recorded it.
And then I just couldn't lay there.
I got up and I had to watch.
And I even watched the, I watched the McCain concession.
Well, I was earlier.
Yeah.
Wasn't it around 11 or 11 something?
Oh, socialist, socialist.
He's a socialist here.
He hangs out with terrorists.
I noticed he didn't have nothing to say.
That bitch has she had anything to say at all though.
She just stood up there and winked.
Well, she didn't talk about hanging out with terrorists this time.
You mean like to bin Laden's?
Yeah, like the Saudi royal family.
Who finance bin Laden?
Who have been squeezing you for every dime.
And by the way, thank you again, Mr. President on your way out for the great work of the
low gas prices we've enjoyed these last many, many months.
Thank you for helping to rate the American public on behalf of your good buddies, the Saudis,
the slimmiest of them all, the freaking Saudis.
Anyway, I don't want to cast a call over the proceedings.
I want to keep everything on the, you know, everybody happy, everybody happy or what?
Oh, yes, so happy.
I am.
John says, I just wanted to wish you a wonderful birthday many, many more.
You are the best.
Yes, I am, John.
I hope your health is getting better.
It's the same.
You know, I'm old diabetic.
I didn't hear back from you about my offer to help, but let me know if you're still interested in learning more about nutrition exercise research I'm doing,
and how that can be beneficial for you and your diabetes and weight issue.
This is John at the U.M. School of Medicine.
Thanks, John.
I'll put that over there in my pile and maybe I'll get back to you.
You probably not, but don't take it personally.
I mean, as soon as he puts the word exercise in there, that leaves me out.
Jews don't exercise.
It's like maybe Mark Spitz.
Remember Mark Spitz?
I remember him kind of, yeah.
He went all the gold medals at the Mexico at the Olympics a thousand years ago.
And then it was Marie Rose, the beautiful Australian swimmer.
God was at a wild, great looking guy.
Marie Rose.
Only an old fag like me would remember Marie Rose.
Good Jewish boy, by the way, from Australia.
I didn't know they let Jews in Australia.
Maybe we can send Jeweliebren there, although I wouldn't wish that on them.
God, he just gives me...
spilkeys.
Every time I see him, and he's always got that same nebyshe looking look,
and I'm thinking to myself, this is why Al Gore lost in 2000,
beside the fact that they stopped the vote count in Florida.
Jeweliebren.
And nobody in the media, I've been sitting at a million times ever since then.
Nobody in the MSM, the mainstream media, will talk about the fact that his being on the ballot,
caused Gore the election.
You think people in Yahoo States are going to vote for some Orthodox Jew on the ballot?
No.
FJ and Chicago says, happy birthday, Neil.
We listen to you on the internet.
I feel in Chicago when we're on vacation in South Florida as well.
My wife and I were at the Obama rally last night.
It was an amazing event, especially after it was announced to Obama,
I had been declared the winner.
While walking out of Grand Park, we saw Bill Erison, Bertadine Dorn,
a tap wheel on the arm shook his hand and said, give him hell.
He replied, I, uh, something am.
I really am.
Well, it's chopped off.
Probably referring to the New York article that came out on the internet yesterday.
Bertadine hugged both of us wishes the best we did the same for her.
He hangs out.
He pals around with terrorists.
He's a socialist.
He's a communist.
Theo, do we?
Do we?
And then of course, we came with that crap about, do we really know who he is?
Yeah, we know who he is.
He's the president elect you, grumpy old fart.
Takeer says, what kind of a name is that?
Takeer.
Fake one.
Maybe that has to do with.
Brackum.
That.
I don't know.
Good morning, Neil.
Still morning here in Los Angeles, but I made sure I got up to check the election results
and wish you a happy birthday.
Best regards and kind wishes.
And it says, take your park loves Joan Jed.
Well, Dennis and Seminole says, happy birthday.
Is it true that by your age your force can grow back?
I'll let you know when I check.
Okay.
Well, I can see that for a down.
Howard says, happy birthday.
And you'll God.
It's truly a great day today.
A big victory for four thinkers yesterday.
I moved to Maryland from Palm Beach County, Florida, three years ago.
The only things I miss are my two sons and your show.
I have to say I'm proud of Florida for stepping up yesterday,
and voting for right for change.
No pun intended.
While some parts of Maryland are still in the NFL like Florida, the most important counties are right on target.
I'm proud again to be an American.
All my best to you and keep up the great work on the airway of says Howard.
Howard in Maryland.
I'm trying to think if I've ever been in Maryland.
Have you ever been there?
If you're ever going to throw it.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, Baltimore.
Why did you say that?
That's the only place in Maryland I've ever been.
Pete the chronic export option is a great day in history.
Happy birthday, Uncle Neil.
Thank you Pete.
Short and sweet to the point.
He's been so chronic lately.
Maybe he found a life all the way down it.
Speaking of Palm Beach, did you see what their ballot was?
How it was again?
Not another butterfly ballot.
No, I don't remember what the butterfly was, but basically what it was is the...
You were like color in a line between two other lines.
It was an arrow.
Yeah, they connect the arrow.
But you had like one end of the arrow and like the top end of the arrow and the back end of the arrow.
You had a color in between to say this is the one I want.
But I guess it wasn't very well handled.
So they were showing people like we're just doing it.
It wasn't very well handled.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, I don't know what they have to do.
So again Palm Beach screwed things up.
Yeah.
Well, they didn't screw it up enough to screw out Obama because he still won Palm Beach for over 100,000 votes.
In fact, I've got to all the county returns here somewhere.
Somewhere in this massive melange of mong.
Oh, here it is.
You want to know how Palm Beach County came out?
Yeah.
Well, let's see, Broward, Obama won by 240,000, some thousand votes.
Dade County, he won by 140,000.
And Palm Beach County, he won by 130,000.
So no matter how they try to screw up the ballot, Obama still kicked ass there.
Obama even won in Hillsdale, Hillsboro by 4,000 votes.
And in Penelice by 37,000 votes.
That's just shocks the day.
And even in Sarasota, or McKinley, won by 237 votes in Sarasota County, Volusia County, Obama won by 14,000 votes.
And what was the other one I told you?
You mentioned Ossiola County, right?
Newvald County, let's see.
Oduval, but McKinley won by 25,000.
There's a lot of dark, complex folks came out in Jacksonville and voted four, five, six times just to make damn sure that we kept their close in Duvald County.
Orange County also, Obama won.
Didn't I tell you that?
I just put that thing away.
Here's our new poll, by the way.
How do you feel now that the election is finally over?
Oh, I felt it went on for like years, don't you?
Jubilant 205, relieved 127 WTF 23, numb 19, exhausted 19, and psychotic Olenein, probably Robert Gryper is one of those.
We did it!
We did it!
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Hi guys and gals, I'm Alaska Governor Sarah Pielin.
When I'm not shooting Carabou from a helicopter hovering 50 feet out the ground, I'm a 44 year old wife, mother and future grandmother of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock.
But I'm also an endorser and I'm here today to tell you folks about an exciting new perfume for you gals out there.
It's called Pianocostle perfume.
Naga laga, naga batala laga naga, finally naga naga.
Named after the religious practice, I no longer associate myself with due to its controversial nature.
Pianocostle perfume will make you smell divine.
And make you speak in tongue and naga naga madda.
Naga naga madda madda, rana nana nana nana.
It's perfect for all occasions, whether you're hunting or running or taking a field trip to the nuclear plant.
Gosh darn it, this is a fragrance for all you gals.
Other perfumes just pale in comparison.
I'm Sarah Pielin and I approve this fragrance.
Rana nana nana nana nana.
Rana nana nana nana.
Rana nana nana.
Oh and by the way did I mention when I was going down the list of those states, what's that?
Kentucky.
Did I mention that?
I don't think you did.
What kind of people live in Kentucky?
Well you know.
Backyard Yahoo's.
Yeah.
Red Nicks.
What happened to a fleet?
He's leaving us?
No I'm right here.
Yeah.
You ever been in Kentucky?
I have never been in Kentucky.
I don't think they let you're kind in the Kentucky.
Jews with torpedo voices like that.
Yeah probably not.
I've been to Tennessee that was enough.
Oh I have to.
I worked a month at WLAC in Tennessee 1980.
Right before another presidential election in which Ronald Reagan just destroyed, dismoiled, demolished Jimmy Carter.
WLAC Nashville.
I was quite an experience.
Our signal was heard in 38 states at night.
I was on at night.
WLAC.
Not exciting?
Very.
How are we doing on the poll?
We got 420 votes.
How they feel out the elections over.
I don't know.
I feel a little bit like it's anti-climactic now.
I got 435.
I don't care what you got.
What?
You heard what I said.
Oh that's what I got.
435.
That's what we just said.
So whose idea was it to put these little drop-ins from the various celebrities there around the building?
That would be my idea.
Really?
Yes celebrities.
Isn't that sweet?
That's Chris's birthday gift.
He can't afford anything tangible.
That is correct.
A couple of pansies or something like that.
So I've been, I started it last week trying to get everybody to do them.
You did what?
I started last week trying to get everybody to do them for you.
And?
Anybody, anybody refuse?
Nope.
Here's one that says happy birthday Uncle Neil and happy day in America.
Is it too early to say four more years?
Last night I was switching between CNN, MSNBC and Fox.
And the look on Fox's talking heads faces was worth a press of emission.
And by the way, I don't want to say that Flea was watching Fox a little bit last night.
Yeah, I had to watch a little bit just to watch them crying in her little hand.
Brett Hume looked very, very defeated and guess who was nowhere to be seen?
Bill O.
Oh yes.
No bill O.
No bill.
Bill O must have been making probably from the tea room he was making like obscene phone calls.
Try to get his spirits back up again.
Happy birthday Uncle Neil.
I just got through reading that last night I was switching between CNN and MSNBC and Fox.
The look on Fox's talking head was worth a press of emission.
Well, looks like the Maverick crashed again as for Sarah Pellan and Joe the plumber.
Don't go away happy.
Don't go away sad.
Just go away.
Yeah.
Don't go away mad.
Just go to hell away.
And by the way, you see all the young Cubans voted for Obama and did county.
Yeah, that's great.
The third generation Cubans are calling not not the old companies that come east to that kind of like when I went out.
With Nickers.
Although I see Iliana Rosanna Dana.
That's why I didn't waste any time on that.
And of course amendment two passed got 62% and needed 60% to become a constitutional amendment and got 62%.
A vote for bigotry.
Oh, and not those bags getting married.
It'll destroy a traditional marriage.
I think you heterosexuals have already done a good job of that.
The strong traditional marriage with your 52% divorce rate.
Steven Jersey says that 20 years after the picture was taken, you would still be around to see that day.
America got a right.
Who would have I see it says who could have ever imagined 20 years after that fat picture of me on our website.
Kitting aside can't think of a better birthday present.
Neil enjoy yours.
PS 11 PM heard the historic news from older man who by that point had to be sitting in a pool of his own of his own bodily fluids.
He had a wrestler screen from that nettering, neighbor, Chris Matthews, who was itching to say the words first.
Yeah, that was quite a moment.
Were you watching at 11 o'clock when they made the official announcement?
I mean, you know, the fact that he's black, I mean, you know, or half black.
That of course is dramatic in itself, but it's just the idea that he represents something so different from the crap that we've had him endure less than eight years.
Crab garbage swill.
And it was really something to see that thing in Grand Park.
Did you see those people? Did you see the looks on those young people's faces?
Yeah, it was awesome.
The pussy footer says, only on my queen, best birthday wishes to the queen.
You want to fall from a junior queen and training for your gift.
I'm going to ask Matt Castle to go to Toronto on his day off where you can take him for a ride and the Mercedes to enjoy your special day off.
Thank you, Pusel Anomas.
He's a Myspaceer.
See, some of the Myspace people realize it's much easier to get to me directly on the email thing, theelitnearrodgers.com.
Because the Myspace thing is a pain in the ass to check.
Do you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
It's annoying to have to go on there and check this and check that and check, check, check, check.
Roger and Donna say, did you cry when Obama wanted to be honest?
Be honest, we did.
I wouldn't say I cried, but I got choked up.
I'm not a big cryer.
Are you?
No, no.
Steve Olamo said everybody has to cry some.
I bet you don't have that song in there.
Steve Olamo from Rochester or Buffalo or Lee Roy or Vittavia or somewhere in that area.
Maybe he's from Arondiquoite.
Steve Olamo.
Hey everybody has to cry some, but I'm not a big cryer.
But I got choked up, certainly.
It was just a magical moment.
Oh, you're going to see McCain's going to wipe the floor with that old schwarz or you'll see, yeah, right.
That's what makes it even sweeter.
He's just rubbing the noses of these bigoted, nasty, hateful, right-wing aeholes in it.
Just like rubbing it in a pool of Joe Bell's wild bloody diarrhea.
That's what you ought to do is take about a gallon of that and go in there and dump it out.
Red arithmetic Larence's head.
Although I take it back.
Larence was nice to me this morning.
He came in and he made it sound sincere.
And of course, I might have thought that Jolly, Joe Bell was sincere too, but of course.
Fleawily, he give me a heads up on that.
He said, don't believe anything that I fat fart tells you.
He hates you like poison.
I think that was there from Jason?
Yeah, it was, it was Word for Word.
Well, what does he say to you about me?
Does he ever discuss me with you?
He likes you.
Get out of here.
I'm telling you, he likes you.
Oh, stop.
Suffy in such a suckhole, okay? I'm not I'm just telling you what you are
Is he not a suckhole Chris? Well, I've heard the same thing from him
So I'm gonna have to say no. No, well, what do you expect he's gonna tell you you work on the show?
Well, he knows that I hang out with George too, so
And of course George they notorious backstabber
Chris offer says we're listening to you on the streaming from Unionville Connecticut
You're the best town on radio. Thanks for giving us 20 years of entertainment
Thanks Chris
Frank says happy birthday you and I share the same birthday of course I'm much younger than you
I started listening to you as a kid while writing in my dad's cab during the summer in the early 80s
I think you were on KAT no, I wasn't a KAT in the early 80s 76 and 77 I was on KAT
Then I was on WNW as WS news never had the stones to call you but I always listen to you
What a great gift we received yesterday have a great day. Thanks Frank
Let's play God bless America by Kate Smith. What do you say not?
And those freaking leaves although leaves were down three. What was it three three?
One and four three nothing to four one and
It came back and tied it and lost it over time. I bet it's gonna be on here on my leaves TV thing you think
Yeah, I'll be Carolina Hurley Keynes. It may believe well
It's a good thing. I forgot about that game last night because that would have kind of dampened the evening a little bit
Not a whole lot you know one hockey game isn't gonna dampen the emotions of winning a super important presidential election
And of course a lot of these people luckily the young people they weren't living in the sixties back when you know
Everybody's hope was destroyed with the three assassinations
The general sentiment after the sixties was like well, you know no matter who you put in there no matter how much they inspire and
They're non-establishment and are like you know a beacon of hope. They're gonna get shot and killed anyway, you know
Hey, look what I found what look what I found. What did you find? There we go?
Sometimes everybody has to cry
Is that Steve Alimo? Yeah, it's some kind of old footage from them
Old footage. Yeah, I guess it's a live live performance
Oh, I hate live performances
I mean if I'm gonna hear a song I want to hear the original song as it was recorded not not as somebody saying it off key
You know in some horseball live performance
But that's pretty it when it now. What's the name of that someday I have to cry?
The name of the song I was talking about is every day I have to cry some or everybody has to cry something
I believe it's called sometimes everybody has to cry
Many finishes are playing off off the relay from Whitney Christian Ray Whitney. I hate you Ray
And like Keet Jones was talking about
Yeah, tough time Tascala. Yeah, Vesit Tascala couldn't stop a bowling ball from a hundred yards away
It's a second period allowed against Montreal and I do like that Carolina 4 throughout over one
Besides Sunday and that first and Carolina wins 5 4 and overtime. What a piece of crap
Ted and plantation says I want to thank you for informing me about president elect Obama
It was four years ago. You said that he was the one to watch
I did my due diligence is any true American should and found this man is indeed the one to watch
I feel hopeful again and believe my vote actually counted
Thank you again for what you do for us in the lower 48 keep up the good working happy birthday lower 48
What about Alaska North to Alaska? Oh, I love that song
Maybe they can send that bitch packing like like the guy said in that one email
Put around in the street corner with a thumb out. I don't think you'd pick her up though
When you unless you're really desperate maybe if you were drunk
There we go Johnny Horton. Please just can't control them so okay, that's enough
Well, I'm sure glad I changed that poll thank God for that and what that was Chris Cuthbert doing this game last night
That it's not like the leaf. Oh, he sounds like his nuts have been tied in a vice Chris Cuthbert
I don't think he's Jewish though
Remember that guy Chris all the hockey houses is Bob cold Jewish is Chris Cuthbert Jewish
Couldn't pronounce it in names 56 Senate seats for the Democrats 40 for the Republicans and what about the other four
There's four still up for a brand yeah, they're still in the air
Are you smitten me perhaps a recount or a runoff and look at that
They're still also not showing Missouri and what was the other one they weren't showing their North Carolina
I thought Obama won North Carolina. I'm CNN 349 to 163 the electoral votes. They're showing. I'm sure that
Obama won North Carolina
But you know CNN well, we don't want to why we don't want to yeah, they don't want to get burned is what they don't want
That freaking wolf blitzkrieg maybe wolf will allope would you leave her man? We cannot be afraid
Neil this is Jesse Agler the other real broadcaster here at WQ I am and from one to another
Wanted to wish you a very happy number 66
Now those are the rejoins is that it yep, I mean that's sweet, but why didn't you tell me that?
All the harbor
That
I
They would want this guy, but now he's here
First crew to next four years
With President Thump's ****
Oh, what the ****
Oh, what I get to do, though, both ones fall
And get me, we all voted for
Why?
If you want this, don't go dumb
It's drumming stupidly
Don't go home, mindless drunk and rich kid
Don't go easy than numbers in me
He's President Thump's ****
Yeah, don't care what it took
You got him in by hooker and fraud
With Chris and Roy
No one's best, you and I, but how's the fear
We've got a great leader here
Oh, with President Thump's ****
Yeah, we don't have to play that too much longer
Hallelujah, thank the Lord for that
Oh, God, don't let the door hitch in this stupid ash
On a way out of that white house
You and Laura
It's kind of a shame that we're not going to play that as often
Now we can still play it, I'll say because it's a great song
Great back all the bad memories
481 votes on our pool
How do you feel not the election is finally over
Jubiland 244
Relieved 150
WTF 28
Exhausted 23
NUM 21
Psychotic 12
It's over question mark three
Now who the hell put that on there?
I did
Who?
I did tick
Tick?
Maybe that's what the bitch is talking about on those region
Tick it, tick it, tick it
Oh, no, don't associate me with that
Tick it
It's speaking of, I got the sweeper for everyone now, sir
You've got what?
The sports leader for you
What does that mean?
So that when we play the region
The region is you'll know when to hit the bit
I'm just going to pretend I'm not hearing you
Okay, that you're Mike Hizza
Okay
Roger and Donna say a very happy birthday to you
We love you, Neil God
Last night brought my wife and I did tears
It was the man on the moon says Keith Oldman
We think it's a lot more profound than that
This is Christmas man on the moon Hanukkah
Having our first child and getting laid for the first time all combined
Obama's speech was simple yet powerful
A mixture Martin Luther King Kennedy
Every time he said yes we can
My wife threw her arms up with joy
Neil, it shows that this country is the best in the world
And the competence and the voting system have been restored
Well, a great day for this country
And the world probably the most profound one-wrestling ever to happen to this country
If you didn't cry, you're not human
We love you, Neil God, keep up the good work
Hope to see you at Hard Rock this weekend
It's your birthday, go plunge your guts out in the slots
You'll win, yes you can
I might just go to Woodbuying this afternoon
For a little pre-dinner up lunging
Yeah, why not?
Here's your birthday
Here's your birthday
I'm not here to wish you a happy birthday, I'm here to entertain
But today I'll make an exception and wish you a happy birthday
I have no idea where I am now by the way
Maybe one of the fake Mr. Radius can write it in and tell me
Sign the fake, Craig Worthy
Paul says I also checked out Fox after Obama's speech
You would have thought someone had died
Their voices were somber and shaky
And I served some of them were close to crying
Oh geez, what's Brett Hume gonna do now?
And they still couldn't say anything nice about Obama and his winning
I'm sure Carl Roth took lots of pro-zac before getting on to comment about Obama's speech
Even this morning I'll talk with you about how he needs to come out right now
And tell the world who's gonna be in his cabinet
They even were quoting his comment from his speech about how he may take more than one term to clean things up
Their spin was that he's already asking for a do over for a second term
Because he won't get it right the first time
Can't wait to hear Bill O' tonight
I can wait
Check out Leonard Pitscom in the heralded it will make you scream, sis Paula
Oh it'll make you scream
Leonard Pitscom in the heralded day
I haven't even looked at it yet and already somebody's screaming
You screamer
BAAAMING
I'll look at it
Boy it is sure hot in here today man, it's boiling
I think I can crack a window
Sure why not?
What the hell is the temperature out there?
Looks like a beautiful sunny day in Toronto, eh?
That's because we're celebrating
When I went out to get the flowers even the concierge asked me
So you were for Obama I said yeah, he said well this is really great
He's all excited the whole rail is excited
Only a few mugwump right wing bigoted in the end of the halls who were 47 minutes of them by the way
And voted from a king
At 16 at 61 it's gonna be 1966 today
Wow
Heavy heavy duty
What work did you want on your birthday?
Sonny Shining
Joe Dodge, you're on this good morning Neil
Happy as the birthday wishes to you
I'm sitting here basking in the glow yesterday's electoral results
And I'm looking at who's being rumored to fill out Obama's cabinet
Any Republican who hasn't spontaneously combusted he will surely do it if Ram Emmanuel becomes chief of staff
And orthodoxy, when son of a Zionist militant, as the top aide to a Muslim terrorist president
Their views not mine
How beautiful how absolutely beautiful it says
What are your thoughts regarding Obama's cabinet?
He just got elected for crying out loud
Let us have 24 hours to bask in the glory of it
Who would you like to see the most important position I think will be Secretary of Defense and National Security Adviser
I don't have the slightest clue as far as who will fill those posts it says
I'm hearing Paul Volker's name is Secretary of the Treasury either Bill Richardson or John Kerry a Secretary of State
I'll be honest and remember what to think of those but in Obama I trust 100%
For the first time in eight years I support our president says Joe
Happy birthday again I wish I had a check to give you so I could tell you get a check
But the the hunter ruling this country is seen fit to make sure I can't buy a pack of gum much less dual money out says Joe
Dodge Ola I've get a check famed
Is he still alive by the way Joe Garanjola I believe so I'm sure no
How depressing New York City Dave says wanted to wish you a very happy birthday go out and celebrate you deserve it
I'm gonna do it
Here's a very amusing one from the fake Steve Kane
Hello I'm Joe Dodge Ola
You're Steve Kane still I have a Dodge Ola
How old is your about a hundred February of 26 so 82
He was born in 82 no in 1926 so he's 82
Oh I see you sure have a way of mingling all those numbers up
Steve says Steve Kane how long ago they'll have a birthday God bless
Right I mean you never know some of these might be for real but I sure doubted you think yeah of course why not no
John says another one down big guy hope you enjoyed enough stop counting like you
Please tell tubby it in their Palm Beach County actually got it right yesterday
I work government agency that assisted in the election in the ballots that were used all the large and size were idiot proof
The directions were clear and easy all languages were covered there was ample amount of pull workers to assist
The problems that were encountered there were few comparison to the amount of ballots cash were result of stupid people
And their inability to follow simple directions Palm Beach County did a tremendous job and for once we got it right
We got rid of those dive old machines and got an actual paper ballot
Take that fatso Chris have a great day on the ill enjoy that beautiful new ride you bought sounds like a beauty
Love you oh John and Lake Worth is a good guy
What do you think would be easier doing it like I did yesterday where you just bubble into circle next to your choice
Or you have to connect two lines to make an arrow you have to like coloring I get hate just thinking about it
Exactly here's the deal they got to votes counter we don't have anybody accounting hanging chads or you know staring at the ceiling or stuff like that
Everything's just fine so why make a big stimulus out of a problem that didn't exist evidently a problem that existed in your mind
No hey I was I thought on a NBC that they were talking about that's fat people for you man take something that's picture perfect
A beautiful day a wonderful election result old needles 66 birthday and turn it into a pile of
Can you know it's the beast I can't make this too long because Clarence is waiting for me to get back under the cover
Just wanted to wish you a very happy birthday may you get free wheel of fortunes on the line and several spins
All right back to Clarence and later on my agenda making Joe Zagaki's coffee
All right deal happy 66 I guess in German that would be double sex should be a good day for you then this sports leader
Oh now why are you putting that way you know
Just tell me what your problem is
Friday nights there's Miami cops with a hot new beat there on the streets fighting crime
Look pal we just don't do strip searches for Jay walking
West
The moves gang is back in town look at it in that the group of hairdressers who attack people on the beach hold them down and then
Set their hair
Let's go get them
They don't stop at nothing they clean up the streets
All to serve I'm sorry for skipping and not skipping zone. I hope you guys don't get on to me just take a seat now
Gladly a chair a chair
Yes, he West by all right that you pick pocket. I think you're part of I'm not a postman. Oh
Sorry
Just look like it's there a couple hit Miami cops on a hot new beat
In Key West by Friday night at nine on MBC
Here's a little lesson for all you people on there over the years. I've shared my limited wisdom with you and here's a little lesson
Don't be bothered and don't pay attention to what stupid people say
Just consider the source you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm
Like stupid red next I apologize for the redundancy red next I think what they ought to do is move
All to Alaska with Sarah there's a lot of a lot of room up there and we got a lot of extra room in Canada to like up in the UConn
All that vast wasteland up there real close to Alaska and inside by each with Alaska when that be a good place for them sure
Why not send them up there let them freeze their asses off
Surely says I was so happy I couldn't sleep last night. I was home but wearing my Obama mama t-shirt
Then I bought from a guy across the street from a voting location. I was prepared to stay up till 3am as I did for the 2000 election
When I heard Jeb tell his brother don't worry about Florida happy birthday. Thank you Shirley. Yeah, don't worry you got it bro you got it
Fat ass Jeb telling his brother don't worry the fixes in the fixes in oh my god
Just wanted to wish you a happy and fun birthday from a long time listener goots goots not to be confused with stew gots
Haven't had any birthday wishes from your good friends across the street even the fake ones you know like the fake Dan La Bastard and the fake stew gots and the fake city
Yidd
Whose number is just blow
Blow
Who by the way is a big Lieberman fan to say you know what he's a huge Lieberman fan had him on the show and everything
Oh my god
As obnoxious as I knew Sid was before now multiply times a billion multiply times infinity a big Julie Roman fan
Oh
No wonder people hate him like poison Sid Julie Roman. We know why they hate him
What's he gonna do now that went beat Julie Roman that he doesn't have a John McCain to stand behind
Always every time you see him there he was standing behind him
Boy look at that Obama won Indiana by 2000 votes it looks like what about Missouri are they still not declaring Missouri I see CNN still has got it in orange like undecided and also North Carolina
They got undecided which everybody also really gave to Obama they're a little slow on the uptake just like Pennsylvania
Ohio there were way behind MSNBC way behind and
Wolf was pacing around with his pathetic horse craft good God won't let's freaking Julie Roman by the way same guy MSNBC as Missouri as McCain
That's a shot good and what I said that's a shaker
Missouri's always you know they always seem promising for Democrats and then oh and the ass end they are most of the time
They've here off to the right they take a right turn
Missouri bunch of mugwamps ever been in Missouri show me no no I don't want to show them yeah
You know what my old friend Tom Hopkins would say that don't you you don't even know Tom Hopkins no
If I could find it I'll tell you show me yours. I'll show you mine
539 votes on the poll how do you feel now that the election is finally over Jubilant 273 relieved 169 WTF 31
Exhausted 25 numb 22 psychotic 13 it's over six it's over
That's flea by the way that's the tick-meister put that on there it's over and of course six people voted for it so it goes to show you
What election you're talking about Neil the one with Aliana Rosanna Dana?
And who won those elections between Joe Garcia and mugwampa D as Blart and then the other D as Blart and the Rall Martinez who won that?
I think Garcia lost yeah he was losing by very close like picking between death by hanging and death by the lecture
I watch out for that electric bill by the way and what about the other now trying to find it Rall Martinez and D as Blart the fart I mean what kind of choices are those?
D as Blart won over Rall so both the S Blarts won yeah I believe so and what about that Jose D as Blart remember they
moved him over to CBS and I would just like I predicted he lasted about five minutes there and what is with this
Ricky Dickey Sanchez that CNN keeps schlepping out right in the middle of broad daylight at three o'clock in the afternoon
with that same silly ass goofy oh my god Ricky Sanchez on CNN and you wonder why people wish that they would blow that building up
just make sure Candy Cowley and the Susan Candy out here not in there and Jack Halfordy those are the only three humans on I mean some of the outside people like John Zerolla he's a good reporter
anybody else anything else Robin anything else have you discussed those days with your buddy Joe the Howard Stern on QAM days?
what and oh he's not even listening to me what are you doing getting free food tomorrow's the food that I actually Georgia Beasy came in to say happy birthday to you
thanks Georgia and by the way tell your family that Joe Bells got to go she said K yeah I'm sure she knows she is well aware of what's going on in that place
any meals should be all right now Jolly Joe that's another story he could afford a miscellaneous a few meals that tub of turd tub of turd Jolly Joe but I'll go check my mail see if that card is there or my birthday gift Jolly Joe
here is one from Zisco my close personal friend wanted to hop in and wish you a happy birthday many more go bombah does this mean you'll be moving back to Miami of course not
P.S. the C-300 is great car Mercedes has got great vehicle service plans you should be real happy with it you roll love interest for Raj has got one in black yeah that's mine black maybe we can rub our cars together my old love interest
for Raj I don't hear from for Raj anymore I think for Raj may have been just a Mirage you think I what you think so or maybe he eats too much curry maybe he don't smell too good I don't know enjoy the car and enjoy your birthday glad to hear all the food yesterday didn't put you in a coma
celebratory fish food I couldn't find fish food so I got the heavenly hash the nestlies I was gonna ask you that did you uh yes still it I killed it I ate the whole half gallon a one day and I'm still here well your blood sugar must really be bad yet is and one of these days I'm gonna die but you know what's so wrong of you
you only die once that's right you only live once you only die once North Carolina 50 to 49 Obama just eaked that out North Carolina which is amazing who's this guy Jason
material young America foundation hey Jason got some spare time God they actually got like a good looking human being on CNN shocking
5.53 on fat Chris's pool his goal today is 750 or bust we had over 2000 and another one they left on there for like a month whatever it takes whatever it takes to get the job done boy that's what we're here for
you see him on Channel 7 news first as a two bit reporting now as a two bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Febaker and Mary Kay combined Rick Sanchez
hey hear the dole's and tones of the men who brought you crime check Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez saves
give me a home with a perfect of a team of you don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face tore over higher layer it's one show you all want to miss thank for a good one
for the world
you Rick Sanchez he loves his audience I've slept you as a precious gift from God what company votes we got on the pool right now I have 51. Oh we just had
a lot of people are not going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the
money back and then we're going to be a lot of people are going to be able to get the money back and then we're going to be able to get the money back and then we were going to be able to put up and start putting the money back into the company.
do a little exchange there at the one I go to the ATM it would buy and take some cash
out that I'm going to get like eight for one would that be great if a loony was worth
like about twelve cents yeah what do you know what do you know from a loony no I'm going
to put you in charge of the campaign to get rid of the US dollar bill oh really that
was down to oh six oil is sixty five and a half bucks a barrel all the numbers all the
time don't say we never gave you any numbers on the show okay once they stick my fat
ass in the ground oh he sure gave us a lot of numbers that needle eighty six oh seven
is the Canadian loony eighty six cents and seven hundred none very good I'm I'm going
for like thirty six cents sounds good to me I'll get some cost to keep me well the loony
was never a yeah me mama all these people you made a mistake you made a mistake yeah
I made a mistake alright I went to work for Joe Bell for say I had no choice we were
already here but he came waddling in the door little did we know little did we know how
evil he was and of course flea came along he told us all of stories mm-hmm about how
Joe Bell's gold in life has to make everybody miserable especially the people who work for
him is that what you said yep and you were right oh there's Jesse back I voted for
six times two time that speaks it up to time that you have said it took time for the
precedence and two timer I was a love child Jesse for more but I struggled to the campaign
for him to talk or radio to talk and church yeah Jesse put him over the top let's hear
it until this moment we didn't know as Jesse Jackson put Obama over the top must have
been all the things he was saying under his breath custom about on a TV show that time
Maxwell Todd's who just annoys the liven crap out of me says hello neal I hope you're having
a great great birthday I'm so glad this country's back in the hands of actual human beings
the fact that KKK enclaves like North Carolina and Indiana gone for Obama just shows how
fed up even the illiterate in bread racists have become with the Republic can't party by
the way it's ironic you played north to Alaska early because the great Johnny Horton died
on this very day back in 1960 killed by a drunk driver in Texas probably was a member of
the bush plan how do you like that Johnny Horton was killed on this day by a drunk driver
in 1960 so I have to go take my valtrex now thanks to that much okay life card on first
week happy birthday again Maxwell Todd's well Todd Todd Maxwell would you stop playing
that all I love that song play you can play it that's enough 570 votes on just for a second
that was on 560 that was a momentous because usually it'll stop like on 710 or 790 God for better
something like that it would have really wouldn't be great if we can get to 66 on my 66 birthday by
the way the third six is under the back of my right forehead the third six Atlantic least though
communist communist the Marcon yeah blah blah blah yeah see the third generation Cubans are
rising up they're not listening to those old green tooth idiots do you know who Ward Bond was
yes Ward Bond he was a cowboy actor on wagon train yeah wagon train apparently they died within
hours of each other who did Ward Bond and uh Johnny Horton yeah bond out of order tacked out
hours after Horton my brother used to call him Ford ponds or something like that Ward Bond
he was kind of like a Wilford Bremley only not gay and who's the guy I can't think of his name
that does those awful diabetes spots that fat BB came no no no the white guy the cowboy guy
Wilford Bremley isn't it is that Wilford Bremley yeah well who the old guy cowboy
yeah the one says diet BBs that BBs is Wilford Bremley yep he weighs about 7000 pounds he makes
you look like a midget yep for view have dot BBs diet B this he says I know I keep quoting that
all the time but it's just so annoying how how can you do a spot for something when you can't even
say the word that's like that that's kind of like shack in his icy sleeve you know the icy sleeve
with uh who I see is losing money on his house what a shame let's go out in the street corner and
take up a collection for shack I wonder how much they're going to put in a QN budget for that
flee zero helps shack out JP says happy birthday from Palm Beach short succinct to the point thank you JP
Joanna says Johanna J O H A N N A is that Johanna sure what a joe mama happy birthday you know I'm
a huge fan of your show happy to say that you share a birthday with my nephew who turns 11 years old
today he says this birthday is an unforgettable one because the night before his birthday history was
made well I hope you have a great birthday thanks Johanna Johanna oh and here's one about what I
said about blowing up CNN save Alan shirt off too he's a nice turn off he's a nice Jewish boy in my
cousins his Steve turn off at Honeywell will do our best to save his ad Alan turn off he's like a
financial guy any unseeing it sure what do you know about it nothing that's what you know is that
the bill O'Reilly's an idiot and the Keith Overman talks you know Chris Matthews talks too much
let me go over to MSNBC and see what they got on her proud enough that morning Joe senior correspondent
her office can't even can't imagine that I need one more question about the about the
the lecture that just ended yesterday if you look at some of the polls that they talked to people who
are really countrymen of birth and and then did it win who voted what way would sway one way on the
other independent voters suburban voters some of the people women people who approved the campaign thought
you would be able to help actually locate your presence on the ticket and said I'm gonna
what do you think of that well you know I don't think anybody should give Sarah payment that much
credit that okay we won't bitch trailer trash that that was down what 89 I'm going back to see
in it I don't want to see Sarah do you want to see Sarah nope do you want to hear Sarah no go away
Sarah that's one of the things that last night's election victory should at least give us is a
rest from freaking Sarah what a pale in the ass Brian says just a quick email to say happy birthday
from a long time mister since the Zayda days hooray for Obama thanks for these entertainment enjoy
your day after signing off today in other words I can't enjoy it now got those nice flowers from
Paco I'm gonna call my cabby by the way you know the first thing that he said to me I mean I could
drive to would buy a tube and on my birthday should I drive no no he said congratulations on Obama
see all around the world overwhelmingly they were for Obama voters Jesse with the tears in his
eyes again think that just a few months earlier he was caught on tape saying he'd like to dismember
part of senator Obama but old rooms were apparently healed by this yeah he didn't want to cut his
nuts off anymore Barack Obama is projected to be president elect of the United States of America
when president or act Obama took the stage there was plenty of kissing and group hugging and
I thought it was disgusting the way kept kissing Joe Biden on the lips that was a little bit
over the top didn't you think mm-hmm yeah what about Joe's 400-year-old grandma she was looking
around like what's going on here what's going on yeah she's like oh my god why am I here yeah
no she knew why she was there but like what's going on here's our Richard says happy birthday to you
thank you dick oh he also says last night at 9.32 p.m. Keith Overman called the election for Obama
he asked if there were 200 votes for Obama electoral votes and you had a California
war got washed in Hawaii you're over 270 then he apologized for calling the vote for the polls closed
says Rick yeah I saw that and of course you know they they want to drag it out keep the suspense going
that's why we have to keep listening to them pontificating on and on that's one thing I'm not going to
miss all those same talking heads the David Gurgon and Eugene Robinson and oh painful
am I right yep yes oh yeah look at that quick election vote on CNN can Obama bring the country
together 93% say yes 7% say no 7% racist clansman no doubt they're probably burning a crap
in the backyard right now or maybe just taking a crap in the back
who coach Don Schueller and I sound like Bob Hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12th
or 1 hour or whatever it is the producers of the mummy and the mummy return and the director of
mummy
Mummy, you need a...
I put that more mummy's my time than you.
We're going to do this my way.
Put that one mummy that.
Yeah, say mummy,
once it's a mother of a movie
that can wake the day.
Dig in the dancing queen!
Oh yeah, there's nothing like a dancing queen
you make no mistake about that.
12-1 at 5-60 WDQ.
I'm happy Wednesday to you.
I never even looked at the schedule for today.
I'm sure we got some election celebration coverage.
Oh, you know it.
How did DA do last night on our election coverage?
I knew I made it to do something.
What?
I knew I meant to listen to something.
Oh yeah, we got DA and Coup.
Adam Couprstein, tomorrow from AdDog.
And what's that all about?
Is that a new... a new pairing
that the clearance is experimenting with?
They've done some shows together
and I think they know what the college is doing.
Yeah, they know what the college is doing.
Oh, so it's like a fraternity thing.
Like they got running naked on the beach with his buddies.
Now do they do the show naked too?
DA and Adam?
Sometimes.
Not what I've been here so.
Oh, thank God.
You know, you get so easily grossed out.
That's the reason that Fat Chris has no mirrors in the house?
Big O from 2-4 this afternoon.
And he is really rock solid.
And then Mad Dog is going to be looking his ones 4-7.
Oh, Jesus.
And the price of oil.
All these political LaFoodball experts, man.
Dolphins, tonight's 7-8, the worst hour in history radio,
8-11 of the D-A show without Coup.
They went to school together?
Yeah, I think you would like that, Couprstein.
Well, what does that mean?
I think it's like a gay remark.
I hope it.
How old is he?
Probably like 24-25.
Oh!
And he looks human?
He is. Good looking guy.
But he's Jewish.
He's probably hairy.
I don't know.
Well, find out.
Want to ask Joe?
Joe who?
Joe Bell.
Joe Rose.
Why?
What's Joe Rose got to do with him?
Well, they work together.
Oh, don't tell me this is another.
Oh, you already told me that before.
Yeah.
What do you think they're going to forget?
What do you think they're like showered together after the show?
You never know.
Of course.
Listen, let me say it again.
Joe Rose and Dan Marino showered together after every dolphin game.
Like even still today?
Yes.
Wow.
For years.
Now, what once this picture of George, you sent me?
That's not George.
That's Curtis.
I know it's a little bit dark, so it came through.
But he was reading a parenting magazine the other day.
Yeah.
I thought you might want to share in the fun that we're having with him.
Curtis?
Yes, Curtis.
Curtis is having your kid?
He says he's not, but we're just wondering.
Is he got a wife?
No.
He's got a girlfriend.
Well, maybe she's a printling.
Yeah, we're trying to find that out.
But yeah, I guess Friday when they were...
No, it's going through you.
How you make that happen?
I think if anybody knows Curtis would know.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
He walks with no porn.
He's doing good with the ladies.
Is that what you're saying?
How you doing with the ladies, Curtis?
Well, he does go with the downloads.
Yeah.
And the strip clubs.
Ian says happy anniversary of the celebration of the date of your birth.
On the day of your daughter sweating.
What a present for you, Barack N. W. W. out on the back of the houses.
We've listened to you since the KAT days and mentioned a couple of times.
Peaches on sunrise, now gone.
And the pizza lock is ponytail still there.
You bet he is.
The ponytail's gone, but he's still there.
In Davy.
Listen, most days in Hamilton and from the archives in Australia.
Best wishes and the check is not in the mail.
Kierle and Ian in Hamilton.
Charlie Joe's big personal check is on the way.
Just check your mailbox every day.
Oh, what a God.
Third Steve says I think when Obama arrives in office,
his first agenda shouldn't be energy or defense in the economy.
He should place a moratorium on hunting in Alaska.
You suck, palen.
And then says,
I'm getting choked up.
You realize I've got like dozens,
zillions of emails.
That's very good.
Well, a lot of them.
I'm reading them out of order too.
I'm reading the most recent ones because I'm putting them on the top of my pile.
So I apologize to anybody who sent them in like before the show or at the beginning.
Because people want to hear their emails read, right?
Mm-hmm.
That's right.
Oh, speaking of people who read emails,
the worst turd in the history of the human race,
Lou Dobbs, that fat-faced fart.
Boy, he's sure these last few days.
His claim to be an independent, sure went down the toilet like somebody emailed the other day.
Oh, yeah.
A real right-wing phony baloney.
Okay, who are you, kidnap, Lou Dobbs?
Go kill some illegal aliens you fat-faced turd.
His head has got to be there.
There are some states that aren't as big as his head.
Definitely bigger than Delaware.
Counties that helped turn Florida blue for Obama.
Monroe, Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, St. Lucie,
Aseola, Seminole, Hillsborough,
Pinellas, Valujah, Flagler, Alachua, Jefferson, Leon, and Gadsden.
They all voted for Obama.
States that voted for Obama,
unless, of course, you're paying attention to CNN.
CNN still don't want to change New York, you know what I mean?
CNN is just so slow.
So slow. There's Nancy Pelosi, that bitch.
To work closely with that new president for a vision.
Oh, she just...
She makes me want to scream.
She makes me want to squat right on the carpet like a dog.
Blue for Obama, Florida.
Let me congratulate Florida again.
I didn't think you could do it.
I really didn't. I never believed it.
Did you?
No.
Florida generally is such a cracker state, you know?
And like I said, it's two states.
It's South Florida, which is nothing to write home about.
And then it's the rest of the state.
But when Hillsborough and Pinellas County even voted for Obama,
then you knew that Delaware was cast, whatever that means.
Florida, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland,
DC, Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, New York,
Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Hampshire, Massachusetts,
Maine, Ohio, Indiana.
Indiana wants me by our dean Taylor.
That'd be a good song to be playing today, but don't play it.
Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota.
Wisconsin, Iowa, Colorado, New Mexico, Nevada, California,
Oregon, Washington, and Hawaii.
And I'm Missouri is still up for grabs, huh?
Missouri is still up for grabs, and they want to recount
in Ohio and Pennsylvania and maybe Florida too.
And then 15 or 20 other ones, and then maybe in the
McKinnell say, well, I'm not so sure.
I'm not so sure I want to concede after all, you know?
Yeah, he was pretty gracious for an old bitter cout like him.
I'm not so sure it was sincere, but he put on a good act.
Like Clarence did this morning, you know?
Were you in there when Clarence was there?
Yeah, of course.
Now, did you believe that was sincere?
He's sucking around, wishing me a happy birthday and so?
Yes.
Did you do?
Mm-hmm.
Now, you just saying that because you're afraid you're going to lose your job?
No.
Isn't he free?
Probably.
He's a worse.
Yeah, a little bit.
He's a worse. He don't want to rub Clarence the wrong way.
What I've learned is that if you rub Clarence the right way,
that always gets you in little time.
Yeah, but that makes you really...
Rock solid.
Oh, yeah. I can see you in Clarence.
No, thank you.
Doing cartwheels together.
No, thank you.
I just wanted to see Christy with cartwheels.
Oh, yeah.
Can you see that?
Oh.
Oh.
Six hundred twenty-four votes on the poll.
How do you feel now the election is finally over?
I voted for Jubilant, but I should have voted for Relieved.
Oh, I never thought I'd survive it.
It was like a ball game that went on forever.
You know, like a 75-ending baseball game?
I like the World Series game that went into like 15 overtime periods.
What?
Like this year's World Series?
I didn't really pay too much attention this year's World Series.
Did anybody?
I think what Bud Siena Kota do start the games about two in the morning.
That would be good.
Then make sure all the kids miss it.
So stupid, man.
So freaking stupid.
But it's boring anyway, so who would I'll care?
Baseball.
Oh, but the fuller is one, Neal.
Who cares?
Like I said.
Oh, they're showing this thing again.
This piece of dirt from last night.
Least losing a Carolina over time.
Vesiton School.
A nice going.
And Curtis Joseph would just turn 99.
I say, let's bring back Johnny Bauer.
Come on.
And Ed Chadwick.
Jave.
Even on the neck.
Simplicity is making hard to reach places.
Easy to reach.
Yeah.
I know where you're shaving with that.
Rackcomb.
Oh, yeah.
You guys with a hairy ass.
624 votes on the pool.
How do you feel now?
The election is finally over.
Jubilee in 313.
How about you?
Did Jubilee.
Roman no field.
Jubilee.
Relieved.
193 WTF 34 exhausted.
29.
NUM 27.
It's over 14.
And psychotic 14.
Psychotic.
Those are the billow people.
The right wing.
That's who want to hear the same propaganda.
Who want to hear a rush going on.
As an older man calls him.
Comedian Rush Limbaugh.
Going on about, oh, he didn't really go to visit his alien grandmother
in Hawaii.
He went there.
He had something to do with his birth certificate.
Yeah, right.
And then of course, he dies like two days later.
That was pretty sad that she didn't live to see him elected.
He shouldn't have.
He shouldn't have.
Huh?
Just a couple more days.
Couldn't she have hung on a couple more days for crying out loud?
That would have been so sweet.
But no.
The Lord took her home.
You know, she's up there somewhere watching.
No, she's not.
She's in a box.
Man's inability to deal with death is what has doomed us to the faith
that we face today.
Don't ever forget it.
Our inability to, you know, you're born and you die.
You live your life in between and you hope for the best and then you croak.
Happens to the best of us.
Joe.
That's just for jolly Joe Bell.
Not that I want him to croak anytime soon.
But if he, if it should happen, be sure and let me know right away.
Send me a text.
Flea.
Okay.
Well, you would know you're pretty.
And now you type with this family also.
Do you go over to the house and hang out and have dinner?
Sometimes.
You do?
Yeah.
You go over to the house and have dinner with Joe Bell and his family?
I have in the past.
You are such an ass kisser, man.
It's just unbelievable.
You're in the ghetto.
You have to be.
Wow.
I see.
Oh, wild nights.
What the year?
Cannabis centers.
What the year can be the center?
Somebody on a list of those nuts.
Okay.
Somebody take that bolt or whatever that is.
Bitches.
You see what I mean?
Chris Kuthbert.
What are all these other goofballs doing these games on TSN?
Where's my buddy Joe Bowen?
He probably don't want to be associated with his bunch.
Oh, there's the John King.
I like the job.
You can go look at all that red one.
Tossed up county in the middle.
That is why Barack Obama is not only president, but president with a big electorate.
All right.
Now the Democrats and the legislative president.
They've become at least five seats in the Senate.
At least 16 seats in the House of Representatives.
That expands their majority pretty dramatic.
It certainly does.
It gives Obama more room to work with.
Also for him.
And Wolf, Obama is to go eat some stale halivow.
Okay.
I hope you're gag on it.
From it it's afternoon at 560 WQM.
Hey Neil.
It is clear you can tell by my squeaky sheet voice.
It's one of the way you're happy.
76 birthday.
You'll be.
And I'm glad I could be a part of this f**k show because we go way back.
You know me and you.
You're around in the.
Oh, we don't.
And up in Detroit and Toronto.
Okay.
So yeah, none of that really happened.
No, we don't.
But I do want to wish you a happy birthday.
Because you've been so nice to me.
You know you say I said, yay you call me.
Tick, you call me the shut up.
And that's why I love you.
Have a happy 66th birthday, Neil.
Just shut your pile hole.
The sports leader.
We did it.
We did it.
We did it.
We did it.
We did it.
Yes.
Yes.
All right.
Let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Huh, daddy?
Sitting in the chair.
I'll call you Puffy.
Yo, yo, man.
Yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-Pier, C-Marina, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man.
Is it $100 question right here?
You're kidding me, right?
This is $100.
For $100.
This ain't a million dollar question.
This is the first one.
Man.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a life one?
Yeah, all right.
What do I got?
What do I got?
Well, we have the asked the audience, the 50-50, and the phone a friend.
Ask your audience.
Now, how many white people in here?
They're 50-50, ain't gonna help me.
Oh, you know what?
I'm gonna phone a friend.
Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery, Ron.
Yeah.
All right.
Who are we gonna call, Puffy?
Oh, my boy.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty with calm.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Regis Filman from Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?
How are you?
I.
Got your friend here, Puff Daddy.
Yo, dirty was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
All right.
All right.
Old.
Was that.
Old dirty.
Puff Daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
He's the first time, man.
First question, and the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
They'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his, and 30 seconds begins now.
Was that.
Yo, dirty.
Finish this off for me, all right?
I.
Pickery, dickery, blank.
Is it A, Doc, B, P, C, Marino, or D, Illet?
Oh, oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
I know this, man.
I know it.
I see this, P.
You sure?
I'm a third, man.
There's a lot of money, man.
A third.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
I hate, man.
Times up, old dirty.
Said, P, you still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Wanna pull the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline.
Actually, no, there's only three lifelines.
You've used one, you have two.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, use the 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's Doc, it's A.
It's Doc.
My final answer is Doc.
It's Doc.
And it's a good one.
You got to hunt me, Oli.
Run you, run you, wife.
Run, run, run.
Show me, I'm trying to shoot her.
Drop 20 at 560.
I'm digging out some of the oldies today for my birthday, you know?
Yep, old guy, old bits.
Old news.
Oh, there's solely dead.
Tell us what happened last night, solely dead.
God, it's just, yeah.
It's enough to make you just give up, you know?
Latino voters, Obama got 66% nationwide.
And by the way, please stick to the ladies.
Okay.
Let's take some guys as weak.
Sorry.
You got the email coupon?
Yeah, I got the email from, here's the headshot.
I've had him, Cooper.
Yeah.
He may be a really, you know, I think it's wonderful that we got a guy who actually has got some broadcast experience,
which is very unusual for us.
Usually we take people who like don't even know what a radio station is.
Who just happened to be like wandering by on 441.
Oh, you want to go on the air?
Come on.
He's ugly.
Okay.
He's skinny and ugly.
He's got like a pinhead.
He is skinny.
And a pinhead.
And a pinhead.
I'm not into skinny pinheads.
Okay.
Sorry.
Wow, Obama took like a 77% of the Jewish voters.
Lots of shocker.
See that?
And thank God, Sinadad's got long sleeves on because I noticed last night she's got really fat arms.
Sinadad?
Yeah.
I was crushed.
Sinad?
Yep.
Soley dad, man.
Soley dad.
Pinkitapani.
Pinkitapani.
Soley dad.
She's got fat arms.
She does not have fat arms.
Oh, you used to see her without the sleeves.
It's sucking it all in.
I think she's, you know, she's cutesy.
I'm not saying she's like hotter or anything like that, but she's cutesy.
And I'm pretty like a Barbie doll.
Mm-hmm.
Cutesy.
But absolutely no credibility.
And when I have her on her on election night, talking numbers with Bill Schneider.
Even Bill Schneider looks embarrassed.
Who is the one girl that's dating a Russian limbalt?
Oh, that's, so was Darren Kagan.
She'd vanished off of here a long time ago.
She was way too good looking to date in that fat cow.
Mm-hmm.
Well, maybe she liked the money, you know?
I'm not saying that there's any money grabbing bitches out there.
And I don't think she was all that good looking anyway.
She was like the pill connection.
Anybody be too good looking to be bumping around with that thing?
God.
Bumpin' and humpin' it.
Oh.
Or a test.
Yeah.
Right in the middle of lunch hour and you're talking about somebody humpin' Russian limbalt.
Boy, you got some nerve, Mr.
Speaking of, uh, thank you, Autonies.
What?
Uh-huh.
I know.
I could've sworn.
I know I'm getting old, you know?
I'm old.
I could've sworn you said thank you, Tonies.
Yeah, we ordered lunch for them.
Yeah.
We paid for it?
Yeah, we paid.
Yeah.
We paid for it.
We're following the rules.
It's not only actually paid, but you know.
You can mention them if you paid for it.
Yep.
Uh.
What a bastard.
What a rotten, heartless bastard, your buddy.
Unjolly joe bill is.
Boyed by massive black support in the crucial votes of Hispanics.
A Barack Obama captured Florida by winning on the issues and striking deep into Republican strongholds.
Obama's victory came with dominance in South Florida, especially in Dayton, Broward.
The important eye for a corridor in Central Florida and farther north in Gainesville, in Tallahassee.
It was a stinging defeat for Republicans who controlled the legislature in the governor's mansion.
Until just just two months ago, we're openly questioning whether the Democrat would campaign full of force in the nation's biggest swing state.
Well, guess what?
He swung it and he hit him in the head with it.
But hard financial times, McCain's gaff in Jacksonville where he said the fundamentals of the economy are strong.
And Obama's juggernaut of a campaign and ultimately changed the races the herald.
Obama captured a lot of Florida votes from young people in first-time voters.
You see, he got 72% of the first-time voters.
I did not see that one.
Nationwide?
72% of first-time voters.
One comfortably among independents and managed to best McCain among Hispanic voters by double digits statewide.
By double digits statewide.
Spicketing English, spicketing English, or not.
Once a reliable Republican voting block Hispanics have shifted more toward Democrats in recent years as South and Central Americans started swelling the voter roll statewide and curbing the influence of Dade County's old green-tooth Cuban Americans who comprise about 70% of the county's Republican voter rolls.
Obama carried Dade by 140,000 votes and brought back nearly a quarter of a million.
The politics driven by the embargo in Fidel Castro becoming long gone.
Obama's Florida campaign manager Steve Shale said who noted that younger Cuban Americans seem to be shifting toward the Democrats as well.
The U.S. relationship with Castro at the end of the day Shale said is a minor concern when you can't get a job or find health insurance for your children.
In a nod to the new political climate, Dade's speaking, rational Republican incumbents kept their seats by emphasizing the economy were then Castro.
The Aliyana Rosanna, Dana.
Oh my God.
In many ways, Florida came down to a fight about bragging rights by the end of election day.
Obama had already secured enough electoral college votes to win the presidency.
But Florida Democrats like Shale wanted to make a statement.
The era of Republicans easily winning a state where Democrats outnumber them is over.
It's over. Okay. It's over.
Fneeto.
No more taking Florida for granted.
Okay. Even with many of the illiterates and morons and bigots that we got, nevertheless, we got some people who put on their stinking thinking caps.
Right?
Mm-hmm.
And they said, just a minute. Not so fast now.
We got screwed in 2000. They didn't countervotes. 2004, of course, we had what's his name? Dracula Jr. there.
Herman Munster running for the Democrats. And now we got a choice.
Six, oh, we went from a 661 to 668 on the poll. What a shame.
Taco nail. Highway 66.
I'm 66 years old today as your birthday and a head birthday to you.
You know, good to bet, Hammond Egger.
All right.
The sports reader.
Push it for me.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
This year, God and Chubby.
I ain't gonna work a dim no more.
I know.
I've had enough.
I'll hold a print under Faraday's head for more.
I'm gonna try to get my money away.
You know the Christian corporate horse.
You could take your card and shove it.
I ain't worse than this in the month.
Well, I was a Christian soldier of God, believer of these youth.
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures.
Written by queers.
You ferry.
Get your keys to his powerful God and then on the one end of my team way.
Except in 9-11 when he must have been gone on a bus friend all the day.
Take your card and shove it.
I ain't gonna work a dim no more.
You got up that you're all right.
If you're endless because everybody else is wrong.
I'm getting tired of watching people die.
The name of it is the Lord.
Take your card and shove it.
You ferry.
I ain't worse than this in the month.
Take your card and shove it.
I ain't worse than this in the month.
Come 33 at 560 WQM.
A great day for America.
Great day for the world.
Okay. For the planet on which we crawl around.
Partly because Obama won last night and mostly because it's my birthday.
Right?
Mm-hmm.
You know I was thinking before during last break.
Well, you know, your birthday comes this one day a year and then you know,
whatever happens happens and usually it's yeah, everybody kisses your ass and this stuff happens.
It's good.
And then the next day is like just another day.
Yep.
And you got another 365 days before the next one.
If you're lucky enough to hang around that long.
It's anti-climactic.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
It's going to have me a hell of a meal all night though.
I'm going to go out and win a billion dollars of woodbine and then I'm going to have a phenomenal mistake for dinner tonight.
All right.
I'm going to have some really juicy meat tonight.
And the meal too.
You're going to have a great meal.
Yeah.
You've been hanging around with jolly Joe too long.
YouTube and playing where the doily too much.
I can't tell you where you've been wearing it.
Backed up.
But nevertheless, hide the doily.
Remember that song, Hello Doily?
Mm-hmm.
684 on the pool.
How do you feel about the election is finally over what?
We can't play that anywhere, huh?
What?
Hello, doily?
Yeah.
We can't play anything.
Well, here's the fake Barney Frank.
Dear Mr. Rogers, hello.
My name is Barney Frank.
You may have heard of me.
I'm a US Senator for the great state of Massachusetts.
I'm emailing you today.
You know, I came across your show via one of my constituents.
First, I want to congratulate all of us Democrats for a big win yesterday.
I look forward to serving Mr. Obama for years to come.
As I was saying, I came across your show today, which then brought me to your webpage.
I'm very interested in intrigued by you, Mr. Rogers.
You seem very intelligent and somewhat attractive.
What's the scene that picture?
God be.
I have a proposition for you, Mr. Rogers.
My boyfriend, a five-year-old, is a Republican, and he left me as a result of this election.
I'm now seeking love and affection of a manly, sexy, liberal-minded fellow, such as yourself.
I'm a very giving lover, if you know what I mean.
I know how to please a big, strong man, such as yourself.
I think you and I could be very happy together.
I'm very tight in certain places, Neil.
I think you'd really enjoy my tight anus.
I can also now get some free weed for George, our state just decriminalized it.
Think about it, Neil. I can suck a golf ball through a garden hose.
You're a friend in Chris, Senator Barney Frank.
Wow.
That's cute. You're a friend in Chris.
You want to take him up on it?
Where's the story about the Massachusetts decriminalizing weed?
Where I got it here somewhere?
Boy, they're awfully liberal there, huh?
Yes.
You notice they try to do that again.
Every label that come out, oh, liberal, the L word, they, you know, like liberals of dirty word.
They've been working on that for a long time.
And finally, people said, well, it sure is how it sounds better than Nazi to us, you know.
Did the prostitution thing pass in California?
And San Fran?
I don't know.
Flea?
I don't know.
Why don't you Google it and see?
I have the story in here, but I got 80,000 emails on it.
I'll never find it.
Oh, here it is.
I put it out, find it.
Massachusetts voters decriminalize marijuana.
They approved question two, which eliminated criminal penalties for possession of small amounts of cannabis.
The new law, which will take effect in 30 days, calls for $100 fine, and confiscated the substance for those caught with an ounce or less, with no reporting against the person's criminal record.
Those under 18 caught with cabinets will pay a larger fine up to a grand and participate in a drug awareness program and perform community service.
Governor Patrick, the Attorney General District Attorney's across the state, were among opponents of the initiative, saying that decriminalizing would promote drug use and yada yada yada.
And the voter said, your mama, your mama, the people were ahead of the politicians on this issue said, wouldn't he tear the tailor to your own committee for sensible marijuana policy?
They want to focus our limited law enforcement resources on serious and violent crimes.
They recognize under the new law punishment will fit the offense.
How do you like that?
Maybe we ought to send George to Massachusetts.
What do you think?
Yeah.
Why not?
Now, why did you send me that picture of Curtis looking at Pornow or whatever that was?
Looking at Parenting Magazine.
There's probably some boobs in there.
Probably some big, large, droopy breasts.
See, this is what they've done to poor Curtis. They won't give him his own show, which he deserves.
And so now he's become a Pornow addict based on what you guys are selling.
Boy, it sure is beautiful. You know how you know those days?
I know in the wintertime sometimes it's like minus 20 out there and it looks just like this.
But this is like Indian summer almost.
And it's freaking boiling in here because they've got the heat on all over the building.
And even though I don't have any heat on inside here, it permeates through the hallway and under your door and up the ceiling
and down your leg and into your...
Brackdom.
Oh.
Plus 16 is all it is, but it looks like about 25, you know?
It looks like 77, but it's not.
Isn't this great?
What more could you ask?
What more could you want?
The...
What?
The decolonization of prostitution and San Fran did not pass.
Oh well.
Jim and Chicago says, happy birthday from party central.
Every Democrat I voted for won, so it's nice to pick a winner for once.
I'm saddened that the game marriage ban is passed in Florida and Arizona and gay adoption is banned in Arkansas.
Things not looking good in California, they know.
I don't get this country. I don't think I ever will.
Americans are too damn concerned about other people's sex lives and refuse to grow up and act like adults.
It's a bittersweet post-election day for me.
Hopefully now the Democrats have the New York State Senate.
Game marriage will be legalized there.
Have a happy 66 and many more.
Jim and Chicago, hey, Jimmy.
You fairy.
That wasn't for Jim and Chicago, that was for Jimmy Sifilis.
You fairy.
Oh, poor Jimmy Sifilis is pole of Vinance's on his audience and I'm not looking too happy.
Not too happy over there in IOD on 610.
Your fascist station.
Your keep channel Nazi station.
Jimmy Sifilis, my ass.
Oh, gotta be joking.
You don't have to be no logist.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Hey, this is Dan Reno.
Dan Reno.
Dan Reno.
Dan Reno.
And it's all in a day.
Come down my amm.
Join me every Monday morning from 8 to 9 with a big dog.
The sex and business systems Dan Reno show.
Monday mornings 8 to 9.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
And football always matters.
Hi, Neil.
This is Ken Maulden from a genuine Alta Caca English translation senior senior to not get Alta Caca.
Still a jewel of the sea.
May you have as many birthdays as you want.
May each one be more enjoyable than the one before.
The sports leader.
I know that the thord even loves Neil Rogers.
What a guy that can't hold this man.
He's older than Sadas.
But a great guy.
Thanks, Ken.
Now all us red next show of in says.
Brackham.
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all us red next practice in says.
Now I'm my only uncle and the worries me.
My head has to took me with her.
Back to her double wide.
What a deal ain't got no wheels.
And inside smell like something died.
She kissed my cheek and winked her eyes.
And said we're all alone in the house.
But I got sick when she gave me a kiss.
And going to back up in her mouth.
All us red next show of in says.
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all us red next practice in says.
So come meet my new wife.
She's my niece.
I just got me a farm with horses.
Chickens, cows and pigs.
A four by four that I adore.
With tires and a two damn big.
The rear window it has a gun rack.
That's where I keep my gun.
A ramble flag and the wife in the back.
My neck is red from two looks sun.
All us red next show of in says.
The sex just ain't as good unless it's family.
Because all us red next practice in says.
Our sister is the one over there with the dirty knees.
Every union's it's hard to choose.
Who's got the nicest to.
Correct them.
And I don't like the way my daddy is watching me.
You're fair.
Crawl 46 at 560.
All the trailer parks all across America.
And they're in mourning today.
Oh, on happy day.
We should have played the Edwin Hawkins singer's old happy day today.
Start the show.
I know it's in there because George every now and then he
will be the best.
We should play the whole thing.
Jimi Cifalus is pulled.
How do you feel that Barack Obama is president.
I'll back in fully 13%.
I'll wait and see how he governs 13.5%.
He's a liberal.
I can't support him.
I'm fighting for our country.
Almost 70% of Jimmy Cifalus is 50% of us.
I'm going to talk about it.
I can't even hear the name.
What did you say?
I didn't know.
I'm a real god.
When he was.
I'm a real god.
I'm a real god.
Happy day.
Or happy day.
Oh, that's it.
That was...
What's going on here?
We have a little bit of...
I don't know who to bring it down.
Or happy day.
What?
Okay, that's enough.
I don't want to need more Yoskey music on here, okay?
Okay.
Oh, Robert in Israel sends me a link.
It says, God love this one.
Okay, whatever you say, Robert.
Cox a hoist.
Happy Simhastor, Robert, and go away.
Chronic.
Let's see.
Gary says, the melting pot is proud of support to St. Jude.
Thanks, and giving fundraising campaign.
What does this have to do with anything?
It says, give today's sunshine boy a big kiss for me.
And it has nothing to do with me.
It's not even, I don't get it.
No, I don't.
What?
No idea.
And it's got a whole thing about the melting pot locations nationwide.
And yada beat the boop the boop the boop of and I don't know what it's all about.
It's since you know sent to me, but it has nothing to do with me or my life or this show
or the election or my birthday or anybody.
Jeff from Orlando says, first I wanted to say happy birthday to you.
I hope you have a wonderful day.
Second, I couldn't be happier to be American than I am today.
Obama winning is nothing short of historic.
I believe Obama's exactly what this country world needs right now from the USA.
As for McCain, he showed more heart and that concession speech than he did in his entire
campaign.
Yeah, he never even called him a socialist in his speech last night.
If he would have run on that platform instead of calling Obama a socialist terrorist,
they race probably would have been much, much closer seeing the scene of pure celebration
representing Grand Park and outside the White House is something I'll never forget.
It says, I was listening to NPR my way to work this morning, have to have a degree
ride listening to Obama supporters talking about what this means to them, especially the
older black folks they talked to like Jesse.
Hey, Jesse, wipe your eyes, Jesse.
Wipe away those crocodile tears, Jesse.
Just 42 years ago, this country was divided by color of our skin and now we're seeing
a half black half white man move into the White House come January.
It's truly inspiring.
Happy birthday again and enjoy your day and many more and cheers to a more positive
America for at least the next four years.
Jeff in Orlando, nice going up there in Orlando, by the way, Jeff, you guys did it.
Our people did it in day.
They didn't brown.
They didn't pom beach.
They did it up there.
Even the Hell's Brum Panellus County, they did it.
They're still doing it.
Don't let anybody know about it, but they're doing it.
Oh, here's this guy with a map.
He's got a flock to Obama in big numbers because they felt he spoke to their concerns and
they too now have a friend in a very high place.
All of those new voters and independents who came out and forced in this election, that
has to command increased respect from both parties for the independence.
And of course, advocates for healthcare reform.
This is a good day for them and anti-war forces.
They can be pleased about what this means for the future of Iraq, but a little caution
here.
Obama has spoken quite strongly about the need to beef up America's presence in Afghanistan.
If he heads that way, they may not be too happy about that.
So who were the bigger losers?
That's it.
Just make things up as you go along.
Read the people's mind, okay?
The fact that Obama and Al-Qaeda are in Afghanistan, that's the reason for us to go out
of there.
Is it you move on?
No.
You idiot Tom, whatever his name is, Tom Mishmendrick.
Another loser at CNN.
He better be in there when the ceiling starts falling down.
When the fire erupts into big juggerly, rolling balls of fire, even Jerry Lee Lewis ain't
never seen balls of fire like that.
And of course, if we were on top of it, we'd have already heard goodness gracious, you
know, great balls of fire, but we didn't hear it.
Did we?
No, no, yeah.
George would have had it, he'd have had it crank it already.
Well sir, I have no George.
Well, that's for a damn sure.
You don't go roller skating, do you?
Absolutely not.
Do you do sign language?
No.
Oh, you're no George.
No.
You screwing around on your wife?
No.
Oh, why not?
Ah, could I like her?
You shake my nerves and you round my brain?
You like to be a bachelor of love, he likes it.
He broke my wheel.
Okay, doesn't it?
By the way, he liked his niece there, or whatever she was.
His cousin, she was like 13, 14 years old, and then he married her ass.
It was cousin.
Jerry Lee Lewis, oh you know that, huh?
You've heard those stories.
That's all the movie.
There was a movie about Jerry Lee Lewis.
That's great, yeah.
Then it's quaid.
That's quaid played Jerry Lee Lewis, yeah.
Oh my God, that's like saying that like Elmer Fudd played the Franklin Roosevelt.
You know, some of you people, some of you old geezers are lucky enough to have lived through
Franklin Roosevelt, John Kennedy, and now Barack Obama.
Because these people come along like once in a generation, generally speaking.
I went and saw JFK speak at the East Lansing, Michigan State when I was there for those
a few months that I was there going to class once in a while, mostly drinking mysterbrow.
We went and saw him speak and we went and saw Nixon speak too, 1960.
And Nixon looked dark and dangerous and devious and yeah, and JFK was like uplifting and
great and living and breathing.
See, that's the difference.
I'm very much even though I'm an old fart.
I'm into living and breathing people.
I'm not into old, crusty red necks.
You know, big and old red necks who sit in there with their polish in their gun, you know,
polish in their peace.
God.
Oh, look at that Utah went from McCain.
What a surprise.
I wonder what Dick Teenie thought about that.
That's one goal we have for Barack Obama.
The first order of business after January 20th is we get Chris Matthews off TV.
Don't you think?
Yeah, get him off of there.
Shut him up already.
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, oh my god.
They must, they must hate him like poison.
Like arsenic fried rice.
Here's one who says for those red necks and latent races, that our president is black.
Oh.
I voted for Obama in the primary and in the presidential election.
It says I'm proud to be a white man and show the rest of the world that anyone can be
present the country where I can be proud of again.
Much of the blood that was on our hands was washed away.
Where can I find a gay black, Hispanic, atheist woman to run the next
go route?
Oh, how about the Rachel Maddow?
Let's check her lineage.
Oh my God.
He leaves me limp.
And she said something really incredibly stupid last night.
They had a corrector.
She didn't know what she was talking about.
I forget what it was.
Well, there were so many of them.
No, you've got to jump on the Rachel Maddow bad wagon.
The old shoes are a favorite dyke.
Well, speak for yourself.
Mini-Oberman.
Yeah.
Mini-U.
How about Mini-Me?
Let's have him in the cabinet.
What do you say?
How about Mike Myers, Good Canadian boy.
Let's get him in the US cabinet.
Hillary's going to come by.
You know, it's funny that the Bush,
Meister invited them to come visit the White House
as soon as they want.
I think it'd be more appropriate for the Clintons
to show them around.
You think he's going to put swallowing the cabinet?
Probably.
Or maybe Secretary of the Interior.
Correct him.
What do you think?
Could be.
He's going to give her something.
Somebody's got to.
Would you want to give her something?
Absolutely not.
What about you, Tubby?
No.
It says while free in fact, Chris are limiting the defeat
of Prop. K. and San Francisco regarding legalization
of prostitution.
The rest of us should be really upset that proposition R
did not pass in San Francisco.
And ordinance changing the name of the city-owned ocean
wide water pollution control plant to the George W. Bush
sewage plant.
Yeah, I was actually about to read that one to you.
It was $6.9.
A percentage of precincts counted requires majority.
Yes, 31% no 69%.
That's the good news, okay?
Although when it comes to sewage, George W.
He knows his a craft.
How'd you just hate people that use snappy
openers for their show segments like that one to two-hour?
We need a leader who will give us back on track.
Maybe it's time we had a president who was black.
I've seen him on TV just up in his soldier clothes.
I heard his running mate, my just be James Earl Jones.
His name is Colin Pauley, apples to people at.
The latest cold say he's the leader of the pack.
Oh no!
Some folks used to close their minds and say they ain't no way.
But the times they changed who knows our next one could be gay.
Yeah, that cool thing makes my colon spastic, you know what?
Pulled up that violent color for a whole world to see.
It was probably fish water, you know?
101 at 560 W.M.
Boy, fat crisses in big trouble.
Now, guess who outed you in your antics?
The fake Woody Graber.
Really?
Wait till you hear this.
Hey, Neil, first off, I want to wish you a very happy birthday.
I hope you have a great day.
I'm emailing you because I have some disturbing news.
I got to work today at the normal time.
Went into the control room to check up on things
and was disgusted at what I saw.
I opened the door and there was fat criss giving it to Johnny Joe,
right up the old Hershey Highway.
This was Woody Graber.
Oh, this is the best.
Johnny Joe was been over the desk and there was fatso pumping away,
sweating and squealing like an old fat pig.
I closed their little bits so I wouldn't startle them.
Fat criss started slapping, Joseph, as he was singing.
I can't read the next sentence.
I can't believe this.
Neil, when did Chris and Joe start having sex in the orifice?
Orifice.
I'm scarred for life.
Neil, I'll never be able to get that image of fat criss pounding,
jolly, joe, unmercifully.
It is extremely large, hairy, brown eye.
Oh, my God, Neil.
I'm going to kill myself now.
Thanks for all the memories and fat criss you are discussing.
Sign Woody.
I just want to know when Woody Graber started working here.
Well, it's the fake Woody Graber, okay?
Ah, that must be it.
Yeah, maybe it's somebody out in the hallway there.
Maybe it's Curtis.
Maybe it's my parenting magazine right now.
See, I don't know why he's faxxed at them because it was dark to begin with.
And by the time it got here, I know our new president is black,
but it's not so great when you have like, uh,
faxxes that are black, especially if they're pictures.
What do you want to share?
Anita says, I couldn't have said it better myself.
I'm filled with hope for the first time since the religious rights stole the 2000 election.
It was a sad day in Montville, then, but this time Casey didn't strike out.
We as Americans have finally hit one on the park.
I'm extremely disappointed the voters implored a field of need to decide who can marry each other,
but then again, I guess we can't take everything away from the moral police.
And the next time I had a sexual couple decides to kill each other,
I want to see where they will be then.
Oh, that's right.
They'll be praying to save the souls of all the wayward gays who are trying to change.
Oh, yes, change is going to come.
Says Lisa.
I want to remind you folks of something,
and which maybe you forgot or been trying to forget.
And that is when bubble got elected in 92 to see when Reagan came in with this evangelical movement in 1980,
the Christian right and Pat Robertson and fall while all these other far-bissen,
that was their idea of taking over the country forever.
We're never going to be any more comic pinko Democrats in office.
And so we had eight years of senior Al Rani,
and then we had four years of George Herbert Walker Bush, Bush 41,
Bush numero uno, and then when Clinton came in in 92 and beat Bush's pants off,
because he let him, no, hey, read my lips, no more taxes, do that, plus being a jerk.
From the, from even before the day he was inaugurated and took office,
they were attempting frantically to destroy Bill Clinton.
Remember those days?
Oh, yeah.
And then we had the star report, Kenny star, and Bubba did this,
and he wiped with both hands, and he didn't wipe at all, and all this other crap.
And they still couldn't get him out of there.
And then we had those ridiculous impeachment hearings,
because he was diddling around with a monika.
So just let me tell you right now, it's a wonderful thing,
Obama won the election last night, it's historic, it's uplifting, it's fantastic, but...
Make no mistake about it, these Nazis on the far right, these neo-cons,
and these so-called religionists, they will do everything in their power to destroy him and his presidency.
Here's Candy Kelly.
Excited.
They absolutely do, and I think you saw last night in the speech that Obama gave,
certainly both ends of what they are dealing with today,
and that is there is the elation of what happened after 22 months of this effort.
What did I say our goal on the poll was today, 750, what do we got?
750.
Which certainly Barack Obama recognized, but there is also the reality of today.
This is a man who has listed as his priorities, not just those tax cuts,
but a change in energy policy, which will also be costly and health care.
The reality is he is looking at a huge deficit, and being,
what you find with presidents is when they get in the Oval Office,
the power that they sought is not quite as big as the power that they get.
Not quite as big as you are Candy, but nevertheless, I like her, she's okay.
She's a sweetie.
When you blow up CNN, make sure that Candy is out on assignment,
and Jack Cafferty is out for coffee, at Starbucks.
Joe says, happy birthday, you old perv.
I remember when Bush told the election in 2000,
a right-wing Cuban bitch called you to say,
now the Republicans have total control of the government,
and all your kind better watch out.
I'm not sure what she meant by your kind, I am,
but I'd like to take this opportunity to tell her,
it's you and your kind who better watch out now.
All you racists better mind your pees and cues,
or we'll send you a big black guy to your house to beat you up.
All right, a big black guy named Moishi.
So we got the 750 on the second pool there, man.
We are kicking some big fat, nasty right-wing smelly ass,
and based on what Woody Graber said,
well, I can't believe you in the Jordan, that's serious.
It was just a fling.
I understand you're trying to protect your job, that's fine.
I mean, please, you know, Dylan won't run with old Joe
for a long time, that's why he's still there.
Right, Flea?
Absolutely.
I'm going to be a little...
I have to return, Podge, shut off.
Must've been Freudian slip.
He just didn't hear whatever you said.
Did you say something?
Oh, I did, I did.
Massachusetts voters yesterday embraced a ballot question
to end Greyhound racing in the state,
rejecting track owners' arguments
that the Van Mooka's jobs at a time of economic hardship
in favor of protecting dogs from harm.
The contentious ballot question passed
in many emotional ad campaigns by both sides.
Proponents used images of sad-eyed Greyhounds
that they say are caged in humanely and raced to injury,
while opponents put the spotlight on the track employees
who'd be put out of the work of the ballot questions passed.
It's not fair to the dogs that Dulce Fajardo, 41,
a Roxbury Democratic voter for the ballot question.
I live animals, and for me this is something cruel.
They can't defend themselves, so we have to do it for them.
The committee to protect dogs, argue that racing dogs
are treated in humanely, kept in cages for most of the day
and often injured when they're forced to run for sport.
The campaign relied upon data kept by the state racing commission
since mid-2002, showing injuries to more than 800 gay hounds.
The committee formed by Grey2KUSA,
the Humane Society of the U.S., and the Massachusetts Society
for the Prevention and Cruelty to Animals,
spent an estimated half a million dollars through October 15.
The most recent reporting deadline, campaign finance report show,
and got about 144 granted in con contributions.
Activist estimated they had 500 volunteers at the polls yesterday,
some of them with their own Greyhounds by their sides.
Greyhounds are, I don't know, they're not good pets,
they're very high-strung, right?
I believe so.
Yeah.
We had an overwhelmingly positive response, my dog, and I,
said Christine Dorechak, the co-chair of the committee,
who worked the polls with their dog, Zo.
Zo rhymes with...
Mo.
...wrap the mistake this will, in fact, be the year of the Greyhound.
The Massachusetts Animal Interest Coalition, funded by the
Reignham-Toughton Greyhound Park, launched an emotional counter campaign,
arguing employees of the state's two dog tracks had done nothing wrong.
Instead, the track workers, they said, had been following regulations,
and handed down by the state racing commission after the last ballot question failed.
They know that injuries, they must be poured to the commission,
include minor ones.
The coalition argued that the ballot question will put the needs of dogs before
the needs of people among them, some 1,000 employees of the state's two dog tracks
who would lose their jobs.
I used to enjoy a biscane when Kim Alden worked there.
Can't treat him in grade.
I used to work at Derby Lane in St. Petersburg, I really am.
Really?
I was there many times.
Yeah.
That was the nation's oldest gay-hound track.
Yep.
And it's long gone, I'm sure.
I don't know.
But the Tampa dog track is still there.
You ever go to that one?
Yeah.
Of course.
Here comes the bunny, and there goes your money.
I've told it a billion times on the year, but I'll never forget.
It was during my harness racing heyday in Hazel Park in Detroit.
First visit to the dog track was to flag the dog track in Miami.
1970 maybe, 69?
One, 700 bucks the first night at Flagler Dog Track.
I had no idea what I was even doing.
Nice.
Which of course is always the best.
Forget about the racing forum, forget about the program.
Just pick some numbers, okay?
757, that's the number on Fat Chris's poll.
And Joe Bell said, yeah, he can always tell you what the number is on Fat Chris's poll.
That's what he said.
Is he giving you a look?
No.
No, he's all right.
Giving you a dirty, dirty look.
I'm giving that to you.
Oh, Missouri, they still haven't declared.
I mean, not that it makes any difference, but have we seen a number from Missouri?
Like how close is it?
Huh?
No.
Inquiry mode.
It was 50, 50 last night's off.
It was one?
Fitty, Fitty?
Yeah, 49, 49 actually.
With 100 percent reporting.
And they still haven't decided those other four seats in the Senate.
Democrats 56, Republicans 44 are still up in the air, including Al Franken's legs.
Hey, Neil, it's your buddy Goldie.
I want to thank you for all the publicity over the years.
I wouldn't be where I am without you.
And for the record, I do like Dick Stockton a lot.
And even at 66, you are a good looking guy.
Now, go to the movies for half price.
I'm going to get Ira Winham in the Crow to join me.
We'll finish up your show.
Happy birthday, Neil.
66 and many more.
