The longest name of the best talent.
What's that, you listening to Spongebob's 3D-0560WA?
No, I am a Ford.
It's freaking me.
I thought it was Joe.
I thought it would be a bird on the line.
It's about the best bread and permission.
I'm coming back in squeaky.
I'm coming back in.
Squeak, squeak, squeak.
What is that?
I have no right.
I hear nothing.
I'm sorry, it's funny.
New from interrogation toys.
It's the board game that's making a huge splash.
Waterboarding!
It's waterboarding.
The CIA torture tactic is now available for you to play along with at home.
It comes complete with table.
Restraining straps.
Blindfold.
Surround wrap.
Towel.
It's five different levels of interrogation questions.
Are you cheating on me?
No!
Why are you...
You're a human!
You supply the water faucet.
We'll supply the flood.
Yay!
Waterboarding!
Waterboarding!
You'll never be bored playing waterboarding.
Get your family and friends to tell the truth.
Torture your neighbor who never bows his line.
Or use it as some sort of weird sexual fetish.
Waterboarding!
I'm available nowhere.
Some setting going on, I'm your end.
Got a beard.
You're nothing.
Must be a graceful.
I think it is.
I don't hear it when I speak, but when anything comes from over there now,
it wasn't that way before the show.
Even me?
Not when you do it like that.
Try it again.
Hello, hello, hello.
Just out squeaking.
I hope.
Maddening.
Remember all the...
I'm sure you do.
All the dropouts we used to have this week's plan.
Oh, yeah.
This isn't like that, but it sounds like a bird on a wire.
You know what I mean?
Like...
All the S's are like your kind of gay.
Like that.
Oh.
Aaaaah!
Not a good start this morning, boy.
Let me tell you.
Not a good start, but we are streaming.
We're streaming and I'm screaming.
Let me hear you say something else.
One bright day in the middle of the night, two dead boys got up to fight.
Oh, it stopped doing that.
All right.
I think it's sabotage.
I think somebody is an engineer.
He's sticking their finger in their rectum and each other is something like that.
And the level is strange, too.
Maybe it's because, you know, Greg isn't exactly sure what the saying is.
And of course, Cordis was in there.
Oh, well, you know, I could do the show today.
Is that what he said?
Yeah.
Oh, and there's the bird on the wire just came back again.
Huh.
When you spoke.
He said he could have done the show today, but he's not in poor Greg's got to do like double duty today.
Duty.
Double-double-duty.
It's not a problem, no.
No problem at all.
Well, at least you're not squeaking anyway.
That's good.
But when George speaking, when Joe was talking to him, like squeaks, squeaks, squeaks, I couldn't believe it.
Yeah.
It sounded like Rodney the Rodent.
Idaho Senator Larry Craig is currently seeking intern applications for the summer term, which runs from May to August.
The application deadline is March 15.
However, if more times needed for the application process, please contact Senator Craig's office for an extension.
Just tap three times and he'll know what you want.
Craig's office paid internship.
What?
What paid internships within the Washington DC office?
Perfaces given the Idaho applicants attending Idaho schools are in their junior or senior years of college.
Interns had the chance to be an essential part of working with congressional office at Craig.
They participated in the legislative process and were willing to ensure that constituent services run smoothly.
Just to treat to tap your feet on a Mississippi T-Rumud or something like that.
I don't know.
Very bizarre.
Did you watch that debate last night?
No.
Not at all.
It was on, but I was on the telephone or ranting and raving and gnashing and just carrying on.
Like a petrol and trout.
Chicken ex-fetics never got here yesterday or today so far.
I just mentioned that in case you might be listening.
Is he listening from the starters?
He's sleeping.
He's not in the little magic box yet.
I don't know where you're going online and track it.
They'll give you something to do, chicken.
Here's the pool from yesterday.
And are too lucky that I had a pool all set up there for you.
Very lucky.
I knew you would.
I was confident.
What people party the best we had a thousand eighty two vote.
The Irish 245.
Right on.
Residians 214.
Now when you say right on it was like there's something going on in this deal here.
This is bizarre.
I don't know.
I'm just telling you it's not, I never heard this before in my life.
It's not that same thing from the other day where we were getting the echo.
No, it's not an echo.
It's a squeak.
It's like a pinging if I can save it.
No.
I don't make anything out of that.
No, not that.
Game in 183.
They know how to party out party.
Speaking of pinging.
Celebrities 92, Americans 91, Italian 64,
Manga Manga, Cubans 51, Jamaicans 42, Blacks 40,
the Dutch only 39 and that's why they're closing everything down over there.
It's going to be a very sterile place and people are going to stop going there and they're going to say,
oh gee, what do we make that mistake for, huh?
And Russians only 21.
Russians just make a lot of vodka and screw their brains up.
That's a story.
They party.
They're just not representing the audience.
Listen.
I want you to listen.
I know how you do it.
Play something.
Play like, um, like what?
Like the legal idea?
Something out of the D-S.
It's Neil Rogers mid-days.
I'm a rapper.
I'm a sports vehicle.
My C-D-W-K-Y-N.
Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
It's squeaking.
It's like, there's a squeaking in the audio.
There's something screwed up on your end.
Now maybe it was that power failure yesterday.
I don't know.
Shall I alert an engineer and reset it?
I'm wondering if it's going on the ear like that.
I hope that's what we'll do during the break and we'll reset.
Sounds like Jim Farr is invaded the audio.
And they're right with his magic flute.
God, it sounds like crap.
Every time you turn around, hear some other technical insanity going on a QA, which is never, never ends.
Now what's Joe going on there?
Belly, it could have been, oh my God, David Sampson in the Marlins.
You know, something that nobody, we don't need the Marlins.
Okay, screw them.
They've always had, even under the prior ownership when John Henry was, uh, or whatever his name was.
And that's named John Henry.
Yes.
Even when he was there, there's the same thing.
I remember that day I walked in there and somebody in the kitchen.
I was crazy.
And they lifted me like, uh, I must be crazy.
I must be.
Oh, there's that son of a bitch.
There's that damn a faggot that's destroying our franchise.
Right.
It was on my fault, John Henry, you idiot.
You quizzling.
You ferry.
Right.
You little, oh, somebody should have just stepped on him.
Nobody cares about the freaking Marlins.
Okay, so quick getting all bent out of shape, Joe.
We can live without him.
We'll survive.
Somehow we'll get by.
Am I right?
Yeah.
I won't miss him.
Now see, they're even squeaking again.
Now, is it on the air like that or what?
I have to find out from somebody who's listening.
Is there anybody who's listening?
No.
Yeah, well, I mean, I'm not taking any calls to find out, but we need to like get an email or something like that.
Maybe our correspondent Brandon can tell me if that squeaking is on the air.
I'm just hearing it up here.
Maybe it's just in the return.
You think that could be?
In fact, let me do something.
Do something.
Hey, I just heard myself again.
Yeah.
Okay.
I can do that and then you'll hear yourself all the time.
How's that?
All right.
All right.
Woo-hoo.
Time tunnel.
Okay, I got rid of that.
But I'm not seeing any, so maybe the squeaking is not on the air.
Maybe I'm just hearing it.
Which is enough to drive me nuts.
Okay, here's today's poll.
So, hey, I got the tracking information here, finally.
Yes.
Sent on February 25th.
Uh-huh.
It's at the local FedEx facility February 26th.
Uh-huh.
They haven't delivered it yet?
Apparently not.
Well, that's great.
What service that is, huh?
I always said I love FedEx and I do, but you're still squeaking.
And nobody is responding.
Nobody's telling me.
Maybe they're not listening.
I don't know.
Nobody is telling me whether that damn squeaking is on the air or not.
But it's just enough to drive me nuts.
Maybe Woodie Graber knows he's calling me on my cell phone.
Are we squeaking on the air, Woody Graber?
We're not.
I'm not squeaking on the air, so it's just the return.
It's just the return.
Well, isn't that great?
So in other words, again, we've got everything in the brain, cause that.
What?
Or we've set everything during the brain.
I'll tell you what, I'm going to reset it now.
Really?
Well, that's more exciting when I do it.
I don't know.
Go for it.
I'm going to reset it.
Okay, let me go behind the finger.
Maybe I'll get fried.
Maybe I'll get electrocuted.
What do you think?
Oh, yeah.
Shocking.
Why should I whistle it, Terry?
We can have a quick turn.
I'm not professional whistle at some hand flute.
Saddest looking bunch of Andy and Indians you ever saw in your life.
But they play happy music.
I wouldn't have been so happy if I never came back.
Oh, I know.
I'm going to have your garbling.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Okay, you were garbling a little bit.
Am I okay now?
Sounds like it.
How do I sound?
And I think I got rid of it.
Woo!
Yeah.
There's no more bird on the wire.
Maybe it had something to do with that power outage all over South Florida.
Yeah.
That insanity.
It's a terrorist attack.
That's a terrorist attack.
Let's see.
Brandon says it would be a nice day without any problems.
So I agree with that.
It says you're clear.
Or you're clear.
Something like that.
Thanks, either one.
Yeah, boy, I'm both clear and clear.
Okay, so that's good.
I got rid of that crap on his hand.
It was something here, I guess.
Say something.
Something, something, something.
Excellent.
It's gone.
Nice going, Neil.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
Once again.
Yeah, so the Marlins are all upset with Joe Bell.
And the CEO isn't a negotiator.
He's a hard ass.
That's the way he does business.
You know, that's the way he does it.
He doesn't make offers.
He doesn't make good.
He doesn't negotiate.
He just gives ultimatums.
And that's the way it works.
Take it or leave it.
You know, that's his style.
And as far as clearance doing something stupid,
I mean, is there anything new about that?
Of course not.
I mean, you know, he's, he, he could screw up a lot of dream at clearance.
Not his own, of course, because he don't have the goods to do that.
But that's beside the point.
So anyway, that package will probably be here sometime today,
maybe tomorrow, whenever they get around to it, you know.
Right, and I'll wait.
Like Sonny said, Santino, I'll wait.
Oh, I sure hope that's not on again today.
That was not good the other day.
I think that's fine.
I think it was good.
That's boot design.
Really?
Oh, we can hear them.
Pause German.
Ach, buliwa.
Is it in German?
Yeah, subtitle.
They're not speaking now.
Good movie though.
Have you ever seen it?
No.
Oh yeah, I've never seen it.
Oh yeah, I've never seen it.
It's a movie.
I saw it in the theater back in the day.
Go, OK.
They're mumbling in German.
They're mumbling and it's very, very dark and dark.
Dark and red.
Yeah, well, that's what it looks like.
They're on some kind of a ship or a boat or sub-aramage.
Well, we got no godfather.
Oh, I am hearing no windman.
Uh oh.
Hello.
Hello.
Greg is probably one of Jesus electors every day on the show.
Oh, really?
Not like this, but we have some variation of this.
You know, there's always some technical diffugally,
because it's QAM.
That's just a QMF in a way.
It's not always like this.
Sometimes we have problems.
Yeah.
No, I'm hearing like a, uh, I don't know, like some kind of a high pitch.
Maybe it's like feedback.
Maybe you have tinnitus.
How about like that?
Let's say back.
Yeah, we have to see that.
That's good.
All right.
So we'll tell you all about the FPNL thing,
which they don't know anything.
Well, it was a little fired.
All of a sudden everybody didn't have power.
Mate Romney might come back because the John McCain's blind problem.
But now we got a new poll that shows John McCain as a head of both the Varek and the swillery.
I didn't watch it debate last night.
I think we got to cut the news out already.
Watch that video, I sent you.
No.
I watched it by listening to the audio.
OK.
I don't, I don't, I don't want it.
I'm late.
All right.
Later I got issues like life.
You know, I'm saying I don't know why I can't understand that.
So anyway, after that we'll come back and maybe you do some stuff.
What have we got on today?
It's Wednesday, the D.A. Show.
What?
Huh?
The D.A. Show 2-4.
What, what does that mean?
Where's Jerk's today?
Is he out heating it again?
He's traveling to LA, actually.
Oh, and then when Joe said that it was a good win for the team,
oh my god, what a, what a sexy humor that Joe was this guy, you know?
A good win for the team.
They won 10 games all season long.
They were this Scraze.
And, uh, no, I'm here in some high pitches in the line, I think.
You can't hear that?
No.
Either that or it's my ears.
How about if I put my fingers my ears?
No, I don't hear it.
There you go.
They're gone.
4-7.
Hurricanes warm up 7-7-30.
Oh my god, no wonder we got no clearance today.
That's why everything's all screwed up.
You and McClemson.
Clarex must be away with, uh, do his basketball duties.
Then the beast tonight 9-45 until midnight, you want to be sure and miss that.
What the hell?
Don't learn.
The best out of tier is no logics.
4-8-5-60-QAM.
The fourth leader.
Come on in and lay down on my couch.
Bum bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum brin.
Bum bum brin.
Bum bum brin.
Bum bum brin.
Bum bum brin.
All right.
Back in the day when someone done us wrong, we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, when the jabs dropped their bombs, we bombed them back.
And now the Saudis made it us high.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
And that Saudi love and retard points the bombers the wrong way.
And all the barriers to be in America, where they follow those like sheaths.
The United States of arrogance, led by Bush and his family, we they got the country.
And the late daughter of our case days and I still read.
I don't want to be a tax America in the USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're going to need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously, ends up for to be.
And of embarrassed to be in America, where we take triologically.
We the flag in one hand with our head in the sand, and like they follow the powers that be apathetic.
Watching State for News on a 65-inch screen.
Spread your B part, everything's okay.
England, USA.
Now, I'm coming out of wheat.
My balls, they're a scratch your balls in the fart and like that.
I mean, the stations about balls, right?
Football, baseball, back balls, right?
Puck balls, stuff like that.
Here's a fact that's very depressing to me because it's from one of our long-time regular
fractures I can tell by the header on here.
And to come to find out, this person is illiterate.
Just a thought for a poll, it says, if you can get away with it, would you murder, rape, steal, adultery?
Yeah.
And look at the way adultery is spelled by...
Hey, we don't stop for spelling it.
If you get away with it, would you adultery?
Yes, I would.
Insurance fraud, not pay tax, hurt someone, and then blank, blank.
Let's see what kind of security you've got.
And it's signed, bread, B-R-E-D.
Right.
Not bread like David Gates and bread, like that.
Well, that's better.
Because we have a lot of in-breds that have been in the hands of bread.
Maybe that's half a name, maybe in his other name.
Right, made up in bread.
By the way, what is that?
I'm not putting that in my poll, Paul.
That's very, very sad.
And I'm going to read that.
Hey, what?
I'm supposed to tell you that lentil soup is Jewish.
Somebody emailed.
Get out of here.
Let's see.
Let's see.
I don't know.
What do I know?
If you eat lentil soup, hey.
Just because you ripped off all the German food, that doesn't mean that you ripped off all the good German food.
Sometimes you get to...
What's in that?
People do you find more repulsive.
Monets, supposed to say, most repulsive, but that's okay, Eric.
Nobody's perfect, even me.
685 owed already.
I don't think we'll make a thousand, you never know, and if we don't, it'll be graceful.
And coder 254, Rush Limbaugh 174, Bill O'Reilly 173, Jewel Eberman 172,
he got my vote.
He makes all the others pay all into what's significance.
Well, how are curts?
He's repulsive.
See you then.
Washington.
Get out of here.
Go away.
I like them all 47, 47 Nazis and training out there.
Sean Hannity 41, Robert Novak 17, and Matt Drowd, he's only got seven.
Miss Fudge.
Lentil soup.
So there you go.
I'm googling it.
All right.
Lentil soup.
I don't want recipes.
Okay, I don't want no recipes.
They've got thousands of recipes it says.
I want to know what it's all about.
Lively up here, I don't want to know that.
Oh, here we go.
Wikipedia will tell us.
That's here.
Oh, you're right.
It's got a Hebrew name to it, so it must be an Arabic name.
So all the semites are in the lintel.
I don't know.
That makes sense.
It's all about something that they raise there in the Middle East.
Lentils.
Ooh.
Yintil?
Yeah, see.
Rhymes with lentil.
Jesus.
God almighty.
That's the precious lentils on Yintil.
What is it?
Yes, I don't care who it's for, who eats it.
It's crap.
It's kaka.
It looks like a gage diaria.
I wouldn't be surprised if it tastes the same.
Lentil soup is a soup which is a part of made with lentils.
It is popular all over the Middle East.
Usually it's a vegetarian soup, but it also can be made with meat stock.
Red or green lentils may be used in some recipes.
Lentils are boiled with vegetables such as carrots, potatoes, parsley, onion and pureed.
Common adding the added flavorings of food, garlic, cumin and lemon juice with a mission
of croutons for garnish.
Lentil soup, nested out ashym, is mentioned in the Bible.
How do you like that?
In Genesis 2534, Esau is prepared to give up his birthright for a part of fragrant red
lentil soup and cooked by his brother Jacob.
Lentil.
The ancient Greek dramatist, Aristophanes, mentions a lentil soup in his place and describes
it as the sweetest of delicacies.
Lentil soup was once a food for the poor.
Today's recognized as highly nutritious and provides a good source of protein, fiber, iron
and potassium and not for me.
I don't want it.
Wow, it has something here about Hebrew this and the Arabic that I don't know.
Well, let's see it when something every day.
Showed up.
Unlike the heat one game, who gives a crap about it?
By the way, the panther's got a way to be like.
You'll find out what a stiff he is when it gets to town.
If it's trying to pretend that he's a player here for a long time, a couple of years
and gussie him all up like, oh, look at that, he's got a great personality.
It's something he can't play.
He can't play.
He's a stiff, but that's to the way it goes.
It took only three minutes for an overheated switch and then a fire at a power substation near
Miami yesterday afternoon to shut down a nuclear plant south of the city and trigger Florida's
largest blackout in at least 20 years, figuring out why is going to take longer.
That's the big question.
We know what happened, but we really want to know.
Why?
And nobody knows.
Nobody knows the trouble I see.
Let me tell you that right now and you know it.
Yeah.
FPL executive said they can't explain how malfunctions are the substation-tricketed domino effect that
looked at least 2.5 million Canadians without power and affected 20 electrical substations as far
away as they tone a beach in Tampa.
Internal control should have kept the outages from spreading so quickly and that far company
official said so quickly and that far.
Very poorly written here by John Holland and Julie Patel in the Sun Central.
We still don't know why that didn't work at the FPL president Armando Olivera said.
FPL blowers.
Oh I'm sorry.
He can't say that.
Company officials do have a grasp on the sequence of events tracing it from an overheated voltage
switch and subsequent fire at the Dave County substation at 108pm to a precautionary automatic
shutdown of the turkey point nuclear power station.
What a shame for you that you didn't go off the areas day at 108.
You know we had a little flicker here I told you and so first.
Let's go to the window yeah.
For a second we thought.
Okay.
Columbus has got a hardware outage.
How about it?
If you want little subcarabas.
Not for me.
These types of fires are initiated by what amounts to a short circuit not unlike a short circuit
in CD-Rone household Olivera said typically a disconnect switch fails failing by itself wouldn't
cause these types of widespread problems.
But the power failure began at the substation in flagger 92nd Avenue in date and soon affected
virtually the entire state Olivera said had speak more than a million electricity customers
from all flow to utilities without power most of the outages were in date and rowered.
Lights started coming out of most areas within an hour by 430 virtually everyone had power back.
Thanks God.
Okay.
Let's hear it for Florida Plunderwood Luthor.
Maybe they're the best.
What the heck is this name?
It's our best talent.
You know it is no politics.
Sporting the 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Is that the tachias thing I've ever seen?
Rocks, rocks, rocks.
You will find what you are looking for at Rock Mart.
Grab a feastful of savings on the Palestinian area's favorite projectile.
Protest in style with an assortment of fine igneous and conglomerate rocks.
Many sizes available.
Health with pride with our handsome selection of metamorphic rock and new imported granite
chunks.
Toss in fashion with a fabulous selection of limestone and shale in the latest new fall
colors.
Plus, brows are last-minute summer clearance specials on sticks and bottles while supplies last.
So, for rock bottom prices on the Palestinian area's favorite projectile,
fling in today to the Rock Mart for a feastful of savings.
There's one just a stone stroke away from you.
1032 at 560 WQM.
Happy Wednesday.
Boy, this month is almost over.
We wouldn't thank you for that.
This has been a bad month here, man.
Let me tell you that.
Lots of snow.
Oh, yeah.
Now all of a sudden it's not so much snow, but freezing.
Just freezing cool.
So you got what?
89 degrees or something like that?
87?
Something but who's counting?
And the power was out yesterday for a like whole.
My life.
14 right now in the high is going to be minus 10.
But the sun is shining, man.
It looks really nice sitting inside.
Looks beautiful.
Over night load of nights going to be minus 20.
How can you tell me what that is?
Can you get your little chart?
I got, well, I have a 8 thermometer over here.
Just look at that.
What's minus 20 Celsius in Fahrenheit terms?
Like it's like 98, 99 degrees.
Wait a night above zero.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, sorry.
Plus 8 or 9?
That can't be right.
No, like minus four.
Minus four, four below zero.
Fahrenheit.
Oh, brother.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Heavy duty.
Very good.
Good day to stay in.
Yeah.
I'm going to Josh Romney, the square jobs.
I'm going to be in charge of the first-round presidential candidate, Mitt Romney.
His father's bid to be the first Mormon president might not be over.
It ain't over till it's over, baby.
And you know what?
What?
It might not be over.
Asked by the desert morning news about speculation that his father would rejoin the race
given frontrunner John McCain's blondie problem.
Josh said it was possible.
Not Josh Cortis, Josh Romney.
Also making Romney's potential re-infuna of the race possible.
The fact that he only suspended his campaign as opposed to terminating it.
He's got gobs of money and his perfect hair.
That's what the article says.
That's from you.
I don't know.
Well, that's important.
You know, look at it for Reagan.
For who?
Ray Gunn.
For money, Ray Gunn.
Yeah, that deputy dude here.
Give me that purple hair though.
He had brown hair.
Kiwi shoe polish here.
That's right.
But this guy's got cartoon blue hair, you know, blue eyes and blue hair and blue suit.
I've got a lot of votes down here.
Even a blue hair.
Yeah, the blue hair is like him.
But despite the carrot-agged by Josh Romney, Republican strategist and former Romney employee Kevin Igo
doesn't see his former boss re-entering the race.
I think it's most unlikely he says, I'd expect with the Ohio and Texas delegates to edit it to his total.
McCain would be very close to securing the nomination.
As if he thinks there's an opening for Romney to rejoin the race.
Igo said he doesn't believe there is.
It seems to be New York Times article actually helped McCain with conservatives, he said.
But if there's one thing we've learned about Mitt Romney over the past year,
it's that just when you think you have to leave the dog at home, he'll strap the sucker of the roof of your car
and drive 12 hours, which is to say the doobies nuts.
Well, we know that.
Crazy and another is in a food tape.
Now, there's something that's not just for going, but it's just for people with bad taste.
There's food cakes.
Speaking of jufu that I don't care for at all, it's like Russian jufu, borscht.
Okay.
Did you ever have borscht?
Isn't that like beet?
Yeah, it's like eggs, Iria.
Oh, bloody diaries.
Oh, like jojali joebellsmen spewing for lunch.
Bloody red diaries.
Beats were worst.
I don't like beets to begin with.
No, I don't either.
That's a lot of Jewish food.
Sure.
See, there are Jewish foods that are very good and those that are very, very bad.
I'll just like the Italians.
Nobody's worried about that.
Nobody's worried about that.
Do you ever have anyoke?
Yeah, it's not bad.
You like that?
Potato, it's like potato dumplings now.
Oh, god.
It can be done, right?
I've had it.
Now, it's another thing I hate is a risotto.
Oh, it's wrong with that.
I don't like borscht.
Mushi rice.
I don't like mushi.
Then you had it wrong, right?
I don't agree with you.
Mushi is that.
That's supposed to be mushi.
Well, it's mushi.
Mushi like it came from somebody's tushia.
726 votes on the pool.
Which of these people make you do you find most repulsive?
Vaniboy or I can even change the wording on there.
See how he is so sharp, man.
Sharp is a razor blade.
Now, some days the blade hasn't been, you know, re-sharpened in years, but he's sharp.
And quarter 269, rush limbo, 186.
Well, I said it one thing.
Rush used to win these pools by it, remember by Zidane votes.
Yep.
Remember those days?
I voted for over.
Still bad.
You voted for who?
Oh, Riley.
He just creeps me out.
Well, of course, Bill or Riley 76.
Don't they all, all these people on list of it, are a monitor.
Yeah, the way he bobbles his head.
Just to understand how anybody can do that.
But if you want to Bill or Riley, Bobblehead doll, you can use it as a voodoo doll and stick pins in it, especially deep in the-
Correct.
The whole day.
Julie, we've been 74.
Got my vote with no questions whatsoever.
Talk about creepy.
Talk about airzats.
And when you stop and think that he was on the ticket with Al Gore in 2000 and why nobody wants to talk about the fact how beyond the shadow of a doubt, he's the one that really costs the election beside the fixed votes.
I mean, my God, it wouldn't even be even close at all.
A far-bison, right-wing, rabid orthodox Jew on the ticket.
All we would have needed was obvious the payus and the yarmakah and the whole business and the tallest.
That would have really since-ed.
I like them all 62-52 idiots, 7% like them all, sure.
52 Nazis, we're going to track them down.
Sean Hannity, 44, Robert Goeback, 18, and Matt Road, 7.
You know who he left to offer here?
Who now, of course, is a national celebrity because he's on CNN Headline News.
Any fascist who comes down the fight they'll put on the air, and that's that Glenn Beck, rhymes with Dreck, and Schmeck.
You want to put him on there?
Sure, why not?
Glenn Beck, got it.
Obnoxious, revolting, disgusting.
I agree.
And speaking of Obnoxious, you have all one or two ends in his name?
What do you mean, Susan Mac?
One, two, three, what was her name?
I'm doing one.
God.
What?
One of the accurate, you know.
Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam.
I've proved how many millions of stupid Americans there are as he emerges from his sometimes bitter primary campaign.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee, John McCain, poses a stiff challenge to either of his potential Democratic opponents in the General Election.
New LA Times Bloomberg poll is found.
Every other day, there's a new poll.
The other day, Barack Obama was ahead in by seven or eight points, and he was ahead of story by a couple.
Now, in head-dead contest, the poll finds McCain leads Clinton by six points, 46 to 40, and Obama by two, 44 to 42.
Neither of these discommanded, given that the survey conducted February 21 to 25, has got a margin of error, muscle-managed three points.
And the Arizona Senator is viewed favorably by 61% of all registered voters, including a plurality of Democrats.
So they must really love that war, man.
They must love war mongers.
They must love crazy people that say we're going to be in Iraq for 100 years, maybe a thousand years, and stuff like that.
Oh my God.
They must love W.
And how even though the polls say that his rating is favorably way down, they want another four, maybe eight more years of W, if they can keep this old bastard alive that long, unbelievable.
So, speaking of that debate last, not again, an article from a Capitol Hill blue about the debate of all things, of all places.
Now, we didn't watch it.
No, I didn't.
Greg was busy watching the heat game.
Good victory.
That's what Joe said this morning, boy.
He's got a very bizarre and dry sense of humor that little dog, Joe Rose.
It was a very, you know, only their tenth one of the year, but it's a good one for the team, right?
What a joke that is. I mean, what a disgrace.
Next thing, you know, they won't be talking to us.
Well, they'll talk to anybody who'll talk to them.
And the Marlins ought to be doing the same, because they're such a laughing stock.
You know, oh, they won the world soon.
So, you know, I'm serious twice. Well, guess what?
Ain't going to happen this year with all these fire sales they keep having, but that's there a bunch of hardasses in that organization, man.
It goes with the territory.
First was quality, of course, which we can't say much about him, because we got the...
And then that John Henry twerp, what a little bastard he was, man.
And surrounded by all those idiots and with their silk suits, you know, like a scene from the Godfather.
Remember the senator? Then Nevada Center saying, all you owe any bansions with your suits and your holy hair.
You're going to be this decent, holy bearded hair yourself's office.
That's right. Pass yourself off as respectable business people.
You and your whole GD family.
Right.
I think they said when they... on AMC, he said, you and your gosh darn family.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, they got it like everything's going to be sanitized, man.
It's got to be cleaned up. Clean up your act, because words really are very harmful.
It's okay, there's a million dead people in Iraq. That's no problem, you know.
And all these people running around with guns and killing kids in schools, stuff in the guns are great.
But words are evil, baby. Let's censor everything.
Glenn Beck is on the pool now. He doesn't have any votes out of 739, but he will. Trust me. They love his life.
It's not Seedrone.
This is no Rogers.
You're going to find a K-8.
Another Tampa London.
Oh, you're so big.
Oh, I don't know where to bat him.
Now, why are there little voices or big noses?
I don't know.
They just rub me the wrong way.
And I shall have a decent lips and every speech of love regifts its in the news.
Oh, Hillary hates Jews.
Stewing hatred through bubbles, busting people's montermoves its in the news.
Oh, Hillary hates Jews.
He won't catch her like an amonora.
Gachi must have a wonderful aura.
One cheese pizza, one a crunchy.
Good, you've got a good graphite.
It's in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
75, 5, 60, WNQ.
I'm about 750 on a pool.
I think we'll make a thousand a day, which will make Chris feel a lot better.
It knows not with us today.
Because he's healed up from his root canal.
Poor baby.
That's a good excuse.
Hey Chris, it's nice to share.
Let's start with that drug talking.
And will you please?
No.
Running a family-oriented show here like Moly's saying.
Yeah, look what it did for him.
Adam's family oriented.
A photograph of the boy with a beautiful brown eyes who Anne Frank recalled as her one true love in the diary she wrote
while in hiding in Nazi occupied Netherlands, is to go and display an Amsterdam.
The photo of Peter Schiff was donated to the Anne Frank Museum by his former childhood friend Ernest McAllis,
who realized after rereading Anne's diary recently there were no known pictures of Schiff,
a museum spokeswoman said yesterday.
Frank's Jewish family fled Nazi Germany in 1933 and settled in Amsterdam.
During World War II the Nazis occupied the Netherlands began deporting Jews of the death camps in 1942,
prompting the Frank family to go into hiding.
They lived in a secret annex in a canal site house for more than two years before their hiding place was in the city.
The Germans was betrayed in the family center concentration camps and recorded her years in the Atticide-Auillean her diaries.
A Dutch woman who helped the family found them in the annex after Anne's arrest and gave them to her father Otto,
who survived the Holocaust.
They began famous around the world.
She writes in her diary, I forgot that I haven't yet told you the story of my one true love.
Peter was the ideal boy, tall slim and good looking with a serious quiet and intelligent face and wrote of the 13-year-old she had fallen for in 1940 when she was just 11.
They would collect each other from school and walk hand in hand through the local neighborhood.
He had dark hair, beautiful brown eyes, ruddy cheeks, and nicely pointed nose.
I was crazy about his smile which made him look so boyish and misdivish, she said.
As the bird would say, boyish and goish.
Peter later died in Auschwitz while Anne died in Bergenbelsen concentration camp in 1945.
The Calusnaus 61 had attended a Jewish Berlin in the 1930s before both families fled the Nazis.
When they parted the boys exchanged photographs.
The boys exchanged photographs, that sounds off-ray.
Yeah, doesn't it?
You know boys exchanging photographs?
Err.
He read the diary in the 1950s and he thought that Peter's ship was very likely his friend,
but it was only when reading it later that he saw there were no photos.
And so he contacted us at a museum, spoke to women.
And last saw Peter a few days before she moved into the annex, but wrote to him in her diary more than one and a half years later after dreaming of him.
I never had such a clear mental image of him.
I don't need a photograph, I can see him.
Oh, so well, she said.
She could see that thing.
Wow, whatever.
Whatever she saw.
We don't, we'll never know.
No, we'll.
In the 1950s, we don't know if she ever did see that thing when you come right down to it.
On it, no.
Swallowed a wee bottom Clinton and Barack Obama clashed over trade healthcare in the war in the ranked last night,
then a crackling debate at close quarters a week before a pivotal group of primers.
I didn't watch a minute of it.
It was on my TV, but like I said, it was on the phone and I had better have been bigger fish to fry.
And so I didn't turn the audio up.
It was a way and a distant back ride.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, and I heard her shriell cackling every once in a while.
Maybe that's the cackling and crackling they're talking about.
Charges of negative campaign tactics were high in the program too.
Clinton said Obama's campaign had recently set out of mass meetings with false information about her healthcare proposal,
adding, it's almost as though the healthcare insurance companies and the Republicans wrote it.
When it was his turn to speak with Obama said Clinton's campaign has constantly set out negative attacks on us.
We have it whined about it because I understand that's the nature of these campaigns.
The tone was politely at pointed, increasing results of the 90 minutes session were on a reflection of the stakes in a race in which Obama's won 11th straight primaries and caucuses,
and Clinton is in a desperate need to come back desperate.
She's shriell, she's screaming, she's cackling over here.
Clinton also said as far as she knew her campaign had nothing to do with circulating photograph of Obama,
wearing a white turban and a wraparound white robe presented to him by elders in Wajir in Northeastern Kenya.
I take Senator Clinton at her words, he knew nothing about the photo, Obama said.
Likely story.
In one curious moment Clinton said in the last several debates I seemed to get the first question all the time,
I don't mind, I'll be happy to feel it. I just find it curious if anybody saw Saturday night live,
maybe we should ask Barackom East comfortable and needs another pillow.
In its episode last Saturday the comedy show ran a featured portrayal of the newsmeet is going easy on Obama,
and a questioner asking at one point if he was comfortable and need another pillow.
The two rivals, the only survivors of a grueling primary season, said about a foot apart at a table on stage at Cleveland State University,
was the 20th debate of the campaign, ten months to the day after the first start.
You know something would have been great if he would have reached out and slapped her in the face and said,
quit wine and bitch, he didn't have a lot of brownie points for that.
Right, right, make sure a lot of other people would like to have shared and helping him.
How to give him their dollar.
Oh look at that, now where's this?
Pull of pulls.
Clinton 49, Obama 39, unsure 12, but where's that from?
It's Thursday.
Oh, Ohio.
Ohio traditionally gets closer as election day nears,
and the plane dealer is going to have a pull out.
We're out in the field right now with it, and we'll be posting that on Cleveland.com on Sunday.
My guess is that it will narrow.
I will not be surprised, however, if Hillary Clinton does take Ohio, but it will be closer, much closer.
Well, there you go.
And then of course, if she loses it, oh boy, what do we do then?
Man, man, man, man.
Why are they going on these days, you know what?
Man.
Not good.
I don't like people that do that.
Man.
Do you?
No.
No.
No.
Well, there's that bird on the wire again.
Oh no, that was you.
Yeah.
I wish you could have heard that there at the beginning.
Every high pitched letter or sound was like singing.
You know how like I'm trying to sing in the ring and kind of...
Yeah, that sound, yeah.
I do.
Singing and ringing.
And ringing.
And flinging.
And wait till there's this story.
A lot of people are going to get all nervous about this.
I don't want you to get nervous now.
No.
The headline from Ross Story, automated killer robots,
threatened humanity, says expert, automated killer robots.
Increasing the autonomous gun tooting robots,
developed for warfare could easily fall into the hands of terrorists
to make one day unleash a robot arms race, a top expert on artificial intelligence
told AFP, oh god, it's this good thing I'm going to be dead soon.
Wow.
They posed a threat to humanity, said University of Sheffield Professor Noelle Sharkey
headed a keynote address Wednesday before Britain's Royal United Services Institute.
Intelligent machines deployed on battlefields around the world
from mobile grenade launchers to rocket firing drones can already identify
and lock on the targets without human help.
I wonder if they're counting a loot drone in this thing.
A loot drone.
Boy, what a...
There are more than 4,000 US military robots on the ground in Iraq,
as well as unmanned aircraft that have clocked hundreds of thousands of flight hours.
The first three armed combat robots fitted with large caliber machine guns
deployed to Iraq last summer, manufactured by US arms maker Foster Miller proved so successful
that any more on orders had shirky.
But up to now, a human hand has always been required to push the button or pull the trigger
if we're not carefully said that could change.
How do you like that?
No more human hand or human gland, which makes me want to play that...
Jack Lemmon thing.
Who is it?
Jack Lemmon.
No.
If we're not careful that could change,
he said military leaders are quite clear they want autonomous robots
as soon as possible because they're more cross-effective and give a risk-free war, he said.
Several countries led by the US have already invested heavily in robot worries developed for use on the battlefield.
South Korean Israel both deployed armed robot border guards
while China, India, Russia, and Britain have increased all-increased use of military robots.
Washington plants has spent $4 billion by 2010 unmanned technology systems
with total spending expected a rise to $24 billion according to the Department of Defense's unmanned systems
roadmap 2007 to 2032, released in December.
James Canton, an expert on technology innovation and CEO of the Institute for Global Futures,
predicts that they plunge within a decade of detachment that will include 150 soldiers and 2,000 robots.
They used to set such devices by terror should be a serious concern, sharpie,
said.
Cantor robots would not be difficult to reverse engineer and could easily replace suicide bombers as the weapon of choice.
I don't know why that hasn't happened already, said.
I mean, as opposed to people who want to blow themselves up,
I'm sure robots don't mind blowing themselves up, what do they know, right?
No, they like it.
But even more worrisome, it continues as the subtle progression from the semi-autonomous military robots before today
to fully independent killing machines, like some of the ones I find it would buy.
They're killer machines, like the one you were playing at the Gulf Stream, when you're going back, by the way.
Don't know, but I'm told that at least once or twice a month to be determined.
Wow, well they could be much better.
They fat raise, man.
Yeah.
Because I know that Norma's working fevers thing on me, having no contact negotiation.
He's working feverishly for you in the turkey neck.
I got a fever from it.
Yeah, me too.
I've worked in artificial intelligence for decades in the idea of a robot making decisions about human termination,
terrifies me, sharpie, said.
Ronald Arkin of Georgia Institute Technology has worked closely with the US military on robotics,
agrees that the shift toward autonomy will be gradual.
But he's not convinced that robots don't have a place on the front line.
Robotic systems may have the potential to outperform humans from the perspective of the laws of war and the rules of engagement.
Oh, that line about rules of engagement, that always cracks me up.
It has to kill them lightly, man.
Don't be too brutal.
Kill them lightly.
Then they will fear you.
They kill them too, like, harshly, then nobody respects your ass.
Robotic systems may have the potential to outperform humans from the perspective of the laws of the war,
and rules of engagement will be told to conference on technology and warfare.
The sensors of intelligent machines here give me ultimately better equipped to understand and environment and process information.
And there are no emotions that can cloud management such as anger he added, nor is there any inherent right to self-defense.
For now, however, there are many several barriers to the creation and deployment of terminator-like killing machines.
Some are technical, teaching a computer-driven machine, even then tell you how to distinguish between civilians and companions
or how to engage in proportional responses mandated by the Geneva Conventions as beyond the reach of artificial intelligence today.
Well, who cares whether it's in the group guys in a bag of...
One more way, that's what John McCain would say.
Right, and now, one more way.
That's what he say.
John McCain.
Crazy old John McCain.
Who's got a lead over those other guys?
And then that's scary?
Yes, scary.
Well, the public is against the war.
We shouldn't have gone in the first place.
Right.
We have 71% disapproved of this, and Bush has only got a 19% of proof of it.
But they like John McCain.
He's old, he's craggy, he was a POW.
He, you know, never stole a freight train.
He's senile.
I'm going to post a lot of caca.
He screws around on his wife.
I'm going to put it together, and you've got another American hero, man.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
His meal Roger.
Forty-five sixty-two-a-m.
He needs sports leader.
Now, isn't this the top of the air when we play C?
Greg doesn't realize it, but it's the top of the air when we play C.
No, let's play the Josh.
Let's play Josh.
Yeah, it's Josh Cordis' fault.
WDQA am I, before Loderdale, okay?
I'm going to be a legalist.
This is the new one, so...
This is the new one.
These marksman has your brain.
You know, it's torture.
Any question?
I'm going to put it in the end.
I'm going to put it in the end.
I'm going to put it in the end.
Cobra!
It is too little, too late.
Spray on.
Are you a registered voter?
It's 11-1 at 5-60 WDQA.
I guess so maybe we don't do legalide
these are the top of the air in a Joe Roche.
We are.
No, no, no.
They do everything different on that show.
What does that mean?
Like the rest of the station.
What does that mean?
What do you mean what does that mean?
We have to explain the rest of the station to you now.
We don't do legalide these are the top of the air.
We don't do whatever on the rest of the station.
Really?
Yeah.
You see this guy, this talk show guy,
and talk about a lunatic.
Oh yeah.
And this guy, we have stations by the way, Norma.
You know the big pumpkin head?
Oh my God.
Pumpkin head McCain guy.
Used to be a McCain guy.
Now he's a swoolery guy.
Mm-hmm.
A radio talk show host is with
Park Chalk, the Democratic candidate,
Senator Clinton and Barack Obama
before a Tuesday rally for John McCain.
Words that were later disavowed by the GOP Senator,
said he's severing ties with McCain's camp.
He's seriously all the time.
He's a very kinder man.
They all crazier than the next day.
A period on CNN's election center program,
WCET host Bob Cunningham,
city was asked by the McCain campaign
to appear before the GOP candidate supporters
to throw them some red meat to get them fired up
to get the active.
Throw them some red meat.
Cunningham disappointed that the campaign he claims
had invited him to speak as it has now distance itself from him.
Also blessed it also blessed the McCain himself,
saying I for one regret that John McCain
is the nominator conservative party
because John McCain is not a conservator.
After saying that he'd met McCain twice,
Cunningham insisted I'm not going to meet him again.
I've had it up to here,
with John McCain's author list.
I'm joining Anne Colter and supporting Swoolery Clinton.
Or she sure get in the backing of some real-aligrate...
The American.
Uh-huh.
...at the rally Cunningham had continuously
referred to Illinois Center as Barack Hussein Obama,
called him a hack Chicago-style daily politician
among other things.
After McCain finishes own speech at the rally,
the GOP candidate denounced what Cunningham had said earlier,
telling reporters,
I apologize for it.
I didn't know about these remarks,
but I take responsibility for them,
and I repudiate them.
And now this pumpkin had a lunatic,
and since then,
of course, since then,
that is a real, real right-wing bastion of Barbissen,
if you know what I'm saying.
It is.
Do you know that?
Oh, yeah.
Since then, I need my ass.
And...
Well, listen,
whoever you like,
we got a poll that you like.
That's the way these polls go, right?
All right.
With just a week to go,
until the crucial March for Democratic presidential primaries,
Barack Obama and not a week,
even one day less than a week.
Barack Obama continues to gain ground on swore
we couldn't know how.
The one that they had on CNN a little while ago,
remember, he was trailing her by 10 points?
Mm-hmm.
The latest Rasmussen reports polls show his Clinton earning 48%,
they'll have a Democratic primary vote.
That's unchanged from a week ago,
but Obama supporters up to 43.
That's up from 40 last week and 38th week before.
So, 48 to 43% sounds like
there's only a five-point lead to me,
and dwindling by the minute by the hour by the second,
by the millisecond.
Overall, Clinton's lead is now just five points in Ohio,
down from an eight-point advanced last week and 14 points two weeks ago,
and last month at 1.25 points,
dropping like a gigantic boulder man
from the top of the Empire State Building.
How do you like that?
I like that.
I think he's going to win in Texas and Ohio.
Wouldn't that be something?
Yep.
And then what's he going to say then?
What's Biden's saying?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why do you always ask me the first question?
Yeah.
And there's another poll.
All the polls all the time.
See, there you go, mailing it in again with those numbers.
Yeah.
Let's take some calls and get that mailing in guy on it.
Oh, my God.
They get the quarter-shlock guy on it.
And just throw his brains out if we could find them.
All right.
Let them.
That's where you'd find them.
A new CBS news, New York Times poll finds,
be finding.
Barack Obama with a 16-point lead over swallowing among Democratic primary voters nationwide.
That's a new national poll.
He's 16-points ahead.
He is just rubbing the floor with the rest.
I have a great deal of respect for Senator Obama.
Well, good for you.
You're done, honey.
Stick a fork in that bitch.
He's done.
Obama coming off the Lensrade Primary and Caucus Victories had the support of 54% Democratic
voters nationwide.
Clinton only 38%.
16-point lead.
And a CBS news poll taken three weeks ago.
Surely before Super Tuesday, Obama Clinton were tied to 41.
Clinton led by 15 points nationwide in January.
See how the worm is turned?
Yep.
The former first lady is locked to revenge among women according to the poll.
The two leading Democrats now have even levels as a part of among female voters.
Men, meanwhile, disproportionately favor Obama.
He leads Clinton among male Democratic voters.
60-7-28%.
60-7-28 almost 40 point.
And leads among white men.
61-33 almost 2-1.
59% Democratic primary voter said Obama's got the best chance of beating John McCain in the general election.
28% swore he's most likely to win.
59-28.
Obama has now seen as a likely Democratic nominee more than two-thirds of the Democratic primary voters said they expect him to win the nomination.
When all registered voters were asked who they favored in the head-general election match-up between Obama and McCain,
Obama led McCain by 12 points 50-38.
So that of the poll I read in the beginning there about McCain was a couple of points ahead.
Don't buy it.
Buy this one.
We like this one better.
That one?
Well, the other one that shows Obama ahead.
But like I said, whichever poll shows your first out there is that...
In all the last, I'm joining in, culture, and supporting Hillary Rodin.
I'm joining in, color, and pink.
I thought Burgess Meredith was dead. It's the penguin baby.
The pumpkin penguin.
What a lunatic.
Yep.
Oh, let's see.
In a Clinton-machepar-justed voters were evenly split 46 points each.
Obama beats McCain by 10% among independents.
McCain beats Clinton by 17 points among independents.
Democratic primary voters don't see significant differences among Clinton and Obama.
Two of these is most important to them.
Majority is those polls the only minor differences between the two on the war and Iraq and on health care.
But...
Always a big but.
I will take responsibility.
Democratic primary voters who were more likely to identify Obama as someone who cares about them a lot.
63 to 46 for Clinton.
Someone who makes them feel inspired about the future.
69 to 54% for swallery.
Someone who'd compromised the right amount of...
With Republicans to get things done.
65, 67 to 55 for swallery.
And someone could bring change to Washington.
Oh, there's that phone. Maybe it's that...
FedEx.
Let's hope it's that FedEx.
And not as bokey.
Are you spoiled yet, Greg?
Ruined from being able to work on any of the radio show?
No, I really like it.
It'll happen.
It'll happen.
It won't be able to work with other people.
Trust me, I know the reason I do this.
Oh, yeah, that's fine.
Yeah.
Some people maybe.
Like these people would notice over here?
FCC rules and regulations bother anybody over here?
Like they know what that is, they take care.
What does it get to do with what it smells like?
That's a leak here, though.
I like the music quite a lot.
I got it out of fair.
At a fair, not in a fair.
I heard you say, Ferry.
That's right.
How is FedEx?
Excellent.
They have a package for neo-rodgers and they want to know where to deliver it.
I've only been delivering the same package.
Right.
You know, they need a change staff.
Boy, I take back a little bit of what I said about them.
I always love FedEx.
I sent them out here before 6 o'clock at night and the next morning it's there.
Because I never send those autographed thingies.
Here's a good poll.
What's your favorite Yiddish word?
Have we done that already?
I don't know.
Shilmeel, Shmagegish, Shilmeel.
I think it should be Yiddish word or praise.
Oh.
Did I finish my thing about the, yeah, I did about that national poll.
What's the 16-pointer head goal for kicker ass?
So how do you like that?
We have a little contra-times that are going with FedEx.
With chicken-x package.
I think what it is they saw who was from Deino like it.
That's right.
Even though you're paying for it, they said this guy's a deadbeat.
Let's not deliver it.
Yeah, that must be it.
Well, I usually pay for it.
But I think you try to pay for it with his monkey word card.
Yeah.
And FedEx don't accept monkey word no more.
Oh my god.
That's another good one.
Oh, yeah.
That one a long time.
We didn't mind any times.
What's your favorite store?
I'll tell you right now which one it is, Jordan Marsh.
I was too little to remember it.
Jordan Marsh.
Remember the distinction.
I remember that.
Really good quality merchandise.
But about half the price of Burdhines.
And now that Burdhines ain't around anymore.
Burdhines is a little expensive.
This is true.
Yeah.
Burdhines has nice merchandise.
But if you want to pay double what Jordan Marsh,
but of course, Jordan Marsh and Nerrym,
Jordan Marsh was out of Boston.
I don't know if they, in fact it was a,
I think the original Jordan Marsh and downtown Boston,
I'm Washington Street.
I believe.
I could be wrong, but I've been in here.
So what do I know?
A lot of good stuff out of Boston, baby.
800 one votes on the pull.
We're going to make a thousand easy today.
No sweat.
I don't know what Greg's bitching about.
Let me say before, oh gee, you're going to make a thousand
when I'm here.
We don't really care about that Greg.
It's just, you know, some for Chris to get excited about.
Like, give him a reason to feel like he belongs.
You know, Chris pretends to care.
You can or not.
It's up to you.
You care about the pull Greg?
A little bit.
I'm getting there.
I want to play poker with this guy.
He's going to be like, oh, nobody.
Yeah.
Which of these people do you find most repulsive?
Let's put Greg on there too, as a matter of fact.
This a joke.
800 one votes and colder.
That bitch has got 300 two.
Rush Limbaugh, pill pop and, uh, rush.
205.
Whatever happened with the Darren Kagan,
she vanished off the face of the tooth.
Wouldn't surprise me if he like, uh,
if he ate her somewhere.
And he might have eaten her for dinner.
205.
Bill O'Reilly 82.
Well, what a big drop down after a man,
colder in Rush Limbaugh.
Bill O'Reilly 82, Jew Lieberman 77.
I'm glad to see that the, uh, miss,
that Mr Lieberman is doing so well.
Mr. I used to be, uh, airs at the Democrat,
that I'm supposedly independent.
And I'm taking pictures with John McCain.
I never met a boy I didn't like.
And Israel first, an America, a government dread and like that, you know?
I like them all 57, 7.1% either.
Comedians are crazy.
People are both.
John Hannity 50.
Robert Novak 19.
Should be on the death row.
Matt Roger and Glenn Beck finally got a vote.
You bet.
The best talent.
You don't hear me, no Roger.
It's 4.5.60.
QAM.
Me.
Sports.
Leader.
Tonight on Fox Half-Eared.
A special report.
We wrote all by ourselves.
O'Rox Adam Hussein Osama Obama.
The Democrat Golden Boy.
What you don't know about O'Rox Adam Hussein Osama Obama.
May surprise you.
As a boy, he went to Mattress in Mr. Wilson's all-night mattress store.
And practiced wahabiyahsamabahabi all the way to Kimo's Abbey.
It meant the first phase.
What's the mystery man on the grassy nose?
The night the novel's date was a zonpool.
And if you look closely, you'll realize his real brother was Jack Webb.
Plus, an infuriating, and typically uninformed commentary from one of our garden's allies.
The lady hard-looking bleach blondes hand picked out of our stable of Republican blondes that put out easy and revealed to our elderly and drunk right wing viewers.
Fox Nossy viewers.
30% of the truth or the 30% of you.
Watch it, O'Bait.
It's 11.17.5.60.30%.
Huh?
But 30, man!
That would be today about 3%.
97% bullcrap.
And they make it up as they go along.
843 votes on a pool man were kicking ass.
813 like I said.
Read and write you old cout.
Time magazines as Obama's Ohio grassroots advantage may make a difference.
You want to hear about it?
Yes, please.
Or maybe not.
Maybe it takes some calls today.
Oh yeah.
Put that head in there Greg.
I'm actually Greg.
We're loving it.
And maybe Greg can screen a call today or while he comes in here.
Every time he comes in here.
Hey, this the day we're going to take calls, he's always asking.
No, he doesn't.
No online.
Nobody's that stupid.
Nobody.
Even Chris, I mean that stupid.
All of Chris always puts on a neck.
You know what?
Whatever he thinks will ingratiate himself.
He never works anyway.
No, I know.
I tried to tell him that.
I said, no, anything you say is going to be wrong anyways.
I don't even bother.
And why do you say that?
That's the new item.
Because you're a bastard.
That's right.
You say all these terrible things about me.
That's right.
Behind your back and front of your face.
Right, mostly behind my back.
It's like when I was out there on the phone, you were talking about fairy.
Something about the fairy.
That's right.
I heard it.
And what were you saying it's a fairy?
You got one?
Which fairy were we talking about?
I don't know.
At an art fair, there were these Indians performing this kind of music.
And they looked really, really sad.
But the music was very happy.
And so I bought a CD of it.
A CD of it.
A CD of it.
A CD of it.
A CD of it.
A CD of it.
A CD of it.
Isn't fairy a girl?
That's a slide.
Yeah, let's play that all the rest of the day today.
Just for a nice little bit.
I'm all for it.
The year old broke though.
Dollar and a half mark for the first time ever.
Yes, today.
Ever.
Don't ever take sides against the fan.
And I think we have that.
Don't we?
Where he says don't ever take sides against the family again?
Yes.
I'm positive.
Yes, we do.
Don't ever take sides with anyone.
I'm not family again.
Ever.
What's in the oil?
Ever.
Ever.
The year old went above a buck and a half for the first time ever.
Yesterday in the wake of a lackluster US economic report that we knew the fear is the American
economy that could be falling into recession.
Oh my God.
The European currency reached a dollar 50.47 at 10.30 last night before falling back to 150.17.
Which is still over a buck and a half.
Let me take a look at what it is right now.
This is depressing.
We want to go to Europe.
Guess what?
You can't afford it.
Or you can afford it before now.
You definitely can't afford it.
The ero.
In addition to which by the time you get to Amsterdam there would be nothing left for you to see there anyway.
What a shame.
I should have taken a lot of pictures in the last two.
Why took some?
The nothing really exciting.
And they won't let you take pictures of the hookers anyway because they don't want to be seen.
They don't want you to take pictures.
Well take pictures and send them to Eric so he can post them.
Canadian is at 102.
Oh the year old 1501.20.
Wow.
Against the US dollar.
151.20.
Oh my God.
Woo.
It started out.
I was like, I don't know, 62 cents or 67 cents.
I'm like that.
That was like 82 for a long time.
151.
My God.
Analysts say that you were always given a sudden boost from a better than expected German business indicator,
which stood out amid a series of lackluster macroeconomic indicators in the USA.
The green back has come under pressure.
Thank you again Mr. President for those low gas prices and for that great American dollar that you could wipe your ass with.
Jesus, Kate Christ.
The green back has come under pressure.
Strait is believed sluggish economic reports can pressure the Fed to keep cutting US interest rates.
Spectators in late prefer to invest or hold currencies in countries where interest rates are rising,
or expected to increase and hope they can increase their potential returns.
The dollar fell to a record low against the single European currency electronic trading in New York,
as traders continued assessing the latest economic readings, not good, niche good, baby, not good, bad.
Wow.
An influential survey released earlier yesterday on US consumer sentiment during February delivered fresh ammunition
to market forecast just predicting a recession.
Thank you for the recession.
Thank you for the week American dollar.
Thank you for the low gas prices.
Thank you for all the dead people in Iraq.
Thank you for all the dead soldiers.
Mr. President, what a hell of a job.
And they liked you on McCain?
Who promised his four more years of the same insane, lunatic, only worse.
He wants to bomb everybody just to get even.
Now that's his whole ass strategy.
No, no, no, no, no.
No matter what they ask you.
What are you going to do about healthcare, Senator McCain?
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, brand, bomb, bomb, bomb, brand.
What are you going to do about the environment?
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, brand, bomb.
I can't handle.
I can't take him.
But just goes to show you that the hard ass bunch of people out there, what you know who they aren't, where they are.
In the sticks, man, there's a lot of people hiding in the sticks.
Yup.
They're called Hicks.
Hicks in the sticks, pumpkins.
That's right.
Chicks in the sticks.
Chicks with...
Angel picks.
Yeah, chicks with picks.
Dipping they like sticks.
Anyway, getting back to this thing about Obama's Ohio grassroots advantage, I don't think
I have time to read it now.
I do.
I'll find time.
Every successful politician needs a home base of place to go where the crowds are always
friendly and the pizza is always free.
For a swallery that pieced to a place to comfort in Ohio is Cam's Corners, a neighborhood
on Cleveland's west side dominated by white firefighters, cops and factory workers,
one of Clinton's strongest supporters here, Pat Dore, has driven a viewer with an eye-loss
swallery bumper sticker since the mid-1990s.
Dore became active in the Clinton campaign last week after a national campaign staff
raced at make phone calls.
When I first came in there was nobody here said Dore 78 who felt so many campaigns over
the years that she's lost count.
This whole week the office was basically empty.
Home base for Barack Obama lies on the opposite side of town in Lee Harvard neighborhood,
home to mostly working class African-American families.
One of Obama's first volunteers here was Antoinette McCall, a substitute high school teacher
who's never worked a campaign before in her life.
McCall became active a little months ago donating what little money she could to Obama's
campaign.
She's used Obama's website to recruit volunteers around a phone bank from her living room.
She convinced friends who owned beauty salons to organize their customers and created a
database of hundreds of Obama supporters.
It's like we had this whole movement build up before the campaign staff even got here
said McCall 36 and a few months McCall a political novice has built an organization
rivaling that of some state senators who formed the backbone of Clinton's establishment
support.
By the time they found the opening office she said this place was packed.
Swallowies is empty, Obama's is packed, they're packing it.
As the Democratic candidates for president prepare for their Democratic cleavance to the university
last night as they did, grassroots of Obama supporters like McCall with a key to having a
chance at March 4 of continuing his stunning streak of low-instrate primary or caucus victories
and all the locking up the Democratic nomination.
While the blue collar buck-eye state has been viewed as part of Clinton's firewall strategy
for stopping the momentum, the truth is that even though she's still leading in the polls
her campaign is playing catch up when it comes to the all important job of grassroots
organizing.
I'm 52.
I've been around for a while and Obama is the most spontaneous, energetic political
operation I've ever seen since Keith Warkowski, lower-informer Democratic Party chairman Toledo.
Ever been to Toledo?
Don't.
What a toilet.
No.
That level of energy was apparent at a Monday rally of several thousand people in Cincinnati.
Obama opened his remarks by telling the crowd that early voting is already underway in Ohio
and urged them to vote immediately if not sooner after the rally ended.
Even told them the location where they could go to cast their ballots.
It was candidate-is-precinct, Captain, and it showed both the intensity and the fight
for votes going on daily as well as the benefits of having a candidate who used to be a community
organizer and has run a voter registration drive.
Obama's successful recruitment about starters was born of necessity.
Clinton enjoys endorsement from Ohio's popular governor, Maine Democratic office-olders.
If she retains her albeit-tricking leading the polls, it'll mean that a traditional top-down
campaign rooted in party establishment can still win in the clutch.
But if Obama scores an upset it'll prove that a new breed of grassroots campaign, viral
internet-based bill from the ground up by neo-fights like Ancline and McCall, is finally ready
for prime time.
How do you like that?
Unlike Jerks who won't be here today because he's traveling with a heat, but won a game
last night.
It was a good win, man.
It was a great win.
The organization really richly benefited from a win.
They're 10th of the season, man.
They've only lost 150 games and they've already won 10.
Still last in Ligue and embarrassment.
I think we need to do a lot more sports.
William Buckley died.
Oh yeah!
Woo!
And about his background.
Hallelujah!
What a great day!
I'm going to go out and have a party in my parents.
During the sports, William Buckley Jr. has done a lot of things.
They are crucial voting blocks.
Oh my god.
How you like that?
You're not supposed to whoop it up and yell, you know.
But in his case we'll make a reception.
Sudo intellectual pompous as right-wing Nazi bastard told poor...
Yeah.
Oh, speed up that.
What?
Friday is the big day, man.
We won't be here on March 1 because that's the official road of the 30th Circuit
and I'm a university for me in this market.
I think we should celebrate.
We'll celebrate.
Do something special on Friday.
Get some food.
Yeah, I'll take the day off.
Get some special food in here.
Something, you know, maybe get some dancing girls.
Get some little soup.
Yep.
Get some strippers.
Get some presents.
Eat the dance, all green to come in.
Right.
Excellent.
Don't forget, I'm sure that Joe Bell's got a big, big surprise for you.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The best out of two is no projects.
435-60QAM.
The sports leader.
You're a bastard.
Monster, I'm a reed and I'll cry if I want to.
Cry if I want to.
Cry if I want to.
You would cry too if no one voted for you.
Someone tell me where my big lead has gone.
A bomb of came on so fast.
What was in the end of the world?
Now is the thing of a past.
What's the primary and I'll cry if I want to.
Cry if I want to.
Cry if I want to.
You would cry too because I can't pay you the world.
That's amazing.
Couldn't watch a bomb of victory speech.
It just made me so mad.
Now Bill's not talking to me.
Also I guess it isn't all bad.
Oh, love the primary and I'll cry if I want to.
Cry if I want to.
Cry if I want to.
You would cry too if no one voted for you.
Cry if I want to.
I'm a 32 at 560 WQM.
It's the world famous Neil Rogers show.
32 years on the year in South Florida on March 1st.
I'm going to have a big party in my pants on Saturday.
Really?
Or maybe just a big party.
You have some noise makers for that party?
Yes, some noise makers for that party.
I can't play the noises but I like that.
I like that.
A lot of blowing.
In an effort I beg your pardon?
In an effort.
In 839 out of Pullman we're going to be close to 900 by noon.
Let's be good.
Reg is there with us today.
That's what it is.
I think so.
I think that the audience is trying to send a message to Chris.
He's really digging this shift.
What?
Greg.
He's going on.
Based on free lunch things happen the way they're supposed to.
We don't have to take the hose by the hand like he's landing an airplane with flashlights.
I'm trying to say that Joe is...
What's everyone else trying to say?
Everyone else trying to say that.
What would you try to say?
Everyone else?
Everyone else?
We see 5000 live spots.
Come on now.
What?
The rumor is according to Muff.
Muff was in this morning and she said that Joe is going to be doing his own two-for-one restaurant deals.
Well, why not?
How is he going to be able to squeeze that in there?
With a lot of butter.
Now, is he going to sing the restaurant deals?
If I have to start singing the restaurant deals, I'm bailing out of that whole deal.
You can do it.
In an effort to shore up his support among Jewish voters, Barack Obama met privately on Sunday with 100 Jewish leaders in Ohio.
To tamp down concerns about his Middle East views and controversial positions from a few of his supporters.
The Clinton campaign has been actively wooing Jewish voters and part by...
...the importance of Israel and the meeting was arranged to enable Obama to address the concerns of the Jewish community.
The Illinois Senator has previously faced concerns from Jewish leaders.
Obama began by telling his audience, we need to change our priorities.
These changes are founded in a view of the world that I believe is deeply embedded in the Jewish tradition.
Then, repairing the world as a task that each of us has called out upon to take up every single day.
Obama then re-informed his unstrickable commitment to the security of Israel and his friendship between the U.S. and Israel.
He stated clearly that he's a Christian, not a Muslim, and explained his reluctance to criticize the minister.
The minister of his church were making favorable comments about Lewis Farrakom has been criticized for being a virulent anti-Semite.
Not as anti-Semitic as George, but close to it.
It is true that my pastor, Jeremiah Wright, will be retiring this month as somebody who on occasion can say controversial things about Obama.
He's like an old uncle, who sometimes will say things I don't agree with, but I've never heard an anti-Semitic remark made inside of our church.
I've never heard anything that would suggest anti-Semitism on the part of our pastor.
Obama also expressed concern about his relationship with Big New Briginsky who served as Jimmy Carter's national security adviser and recently offended many of the Jewish community when he signed a letter to Secretary of State Candles or Rice asking for a genuine dialogue with Hamas.
Obama said he's received advice from Briginsky on Iraq and Pakistan, but emphasized he's not one of my key advisors.
I've had lunch with him once, ever since emails with him maybe three times.
I don't sure as usual respect to Israel have said so clearly and equivirically.
That might not be enough for your assurance for some schmool rosner schmool.
You know schmool?
I don't want.
He's gruel.
We have pork sandwiches together and he's no fool.
Schmool rosner, TV West Coast funder of the Israeli newspaper Ahahara, what is it? Ahahara, Tulsi and then the fact that Barack Obama consulted with such people raises some concern among pro-Israel mostly hawkish supporters like maybe like that Jew Lieberman.
Rosner himself is generally described as right of center even has been called a cheerleader for the A-Pack crowd.
Oh there's the phone again I'll be back.
Oh jeez.
You remember the mouthful of food too?
Would you have a lunch break?
At a cheeseburger. How about yourself?
It's 9 inch Cuban.
Have you seen 9 inch Cuban?
I haven't.
Oh it's 35.
Three inches left of it right here.
They do it well at home.
At how is it?
For going of you.
Going down well?
Yeah indeed.
That's cute.
Who is it ready for this?
Maybe it's the FedEx package finally showing up over there.
I know what we said last time.
That's the hope from what I've gathered.
See with a little bit of notice we can actually come up with the conversation.
Greg's coming to work.
There's something in the history of FedEx there has never been this better be a wild week for his stuff because this package this is this is Jackie from FedEx.
I have a package for you now.
Can you verify the address?
Oh my god.
However, I reformatly I do a national Jewish Democratic Council told CNN that his group puts generally supports Democratic candidates.
Consider it considers McCain Clinton an Obama to be all equally pro-Israel.
A recent poll found that Americans use our less concern with the defense of Israel than with many other issues.
Thank God.
Only 6% said that support for Israel will be the most important issue in deciding how to vote in the presidential election.
Far larger numbers named the economy jobs healthcare, the war in Iraq, terrorism and national security.
In other words, things that have to do with America and not just with friggin Israel already.
Enough with Israel and up with Cuba and up with Canada, eh?
What?
Good no good.
Army spent time working for the CIA went to Yale on a known, and now we have both of his books and the national review phone.
For the time being, you want to go ahead and read your statements.
Real far-fisted national review website.
Let's take a look at that.
It says, I'm devastated to report that our dear friend, mentor, leader and founder of that Buckley Jr. died on the outskirts of his study in Stanford, Connecticut.
After years of illness, he died while at work.
I'm not even getting a chance to know how to depart this world.
I suspect that would have been exactly it.
The national review has devastated the report he's dead.
I'm having a party right now.
Let's combine the William F. Buckley being dead party with our anniversary party.
Wow!
Yeah, it's getting hot.
Party time!
Absolutely.
850 vote on the poll.
We're going to make a thousand easy today.
It's going to be a real feather in a Greg's camp.
So, you know, we can go to the asswear for more money, I guess.
Go to clearance if clearance ever comes back, because we got that hurricane basketball game tonight.
Any interest?
No.
All the canes won a game!
You're wrong!
You're so wrong!
You're such a party, peeper man!
Yeah, nobody cares.
I've had five reports about the crowds.
You can't complain about the crowds that knew what building they built because there aren't any.
Nobody cares.
They can build an arena on it.
Wasn't I predicting this a few years ago?
They can build another arena and study them on every street corner.
And there's still going to be mostly empty.
There are going to be thousands of fans disguised as empty seats.
All over South Florida.
Because it's a horse ball sports star.
By the way, you know, what I don't hear anything that even award about anymore?
What?
Since Joel Feinberg had departed across the street.
Huh?
Are they still leaving on the air?
Mm-hmm.
Ask somebody who cares about their programming.
I'm sure Greg doesn't listen to them.
No, I do not.
They need to do this anybody else.
Find a way in March 7th and what date is that in the calendar?
The 8th will be next Friday, right?
Are we from Friday?
Are we from tomorrow?
I don't know.
Let me look.
Greg doesn't know how to flip the calendar.
He's new.
Yeah, flip it.
Oh!
Next Friday?
Wait a minute.
Yeah, look out of the computer.
Yes, Friday.
Next Friday, the trend comes out.
That'll be November, December and January.
And since we had the big November and December, if we have a really solid January,
if it's like really rock solid.
But God only knows how big it'll be.
It'll be humongous, baby.
Huge.
Huge.
Am I right?
Yep.
And you don't want to do that?
That's going to do it?
Nothing.
That's correct.
I guess not.
The number of messages.
You don't have to listen to the logics.
The score is 65.
I think.
The score is a little bit.
You get a lot of it.
Five.
The few Rogers, I was for its whole radio.
WQ.
A.M.
WQ.
How did you even hear it, WQ?
I am here.
And you are...
I can't say anymore.
I picked that for me.
Thanks a little small part.
To that guy of Midday Show Guy.
Oh, Boca.
Yeah, yeah, that's the guy.
Who having a hell out of it?
You met him.
I did it.
Yes, out in the hall.
I don't know who out of the way.
Let's take some calls and shall we?
Prestige is in Budapest city.
Who?
Yeah, hi, Mom.
Yeah, yeah, well, you know what he is in.
When are people going to realize this?
This is a sports show.
And nothing else.
Absolutely.
Nothing exists outside the gay world of sports.
Yeah, by the way, some.
They paid me to oggle and admit my men.
This here is a show for men.
A belt men like this.
Milly bears and chaps.
You stole the pizza?
And?
You stole the pizza?
I did not take no pizza.
stole the pizza?
I'm not being ridiculous.
I'm gonna have to get you.
You stole the pizza?
I don't know what you're talking about.
stole the pizza?
And then still more pizza?
stole the pizza?
No, I did not steal those pizza.
stole the pizza.
Now see here.
I ate no pain, buddy.
stole the pizza.
I did not steal the pizza.
You only had one slice.
They're okay. So was a whole pie. Who cares? Those bombs had no power. I was hungry. I sacrificed a lot too, you know. There was no Dr. Browns
Just don't face the same without the Dr. Browns. That's rudist. Is that marijuana insanity? Good night.
But kiss my ass. Hey man, what a big target. Beckham. Say that again. Well
14 to noon at 5.60 WQ haven't played that one in a long time and did
859 votes on a poll which means like I said it'll be closing in a 900 by the top of this and we got two hours to go
Here's George by the way. He's gonna finish the show. All right, just a joke
Boy sure had a lot of busy a run into the phone day today nothing
Why I just I have this feeling that they're not done considering how it's going
Well, how many people need to call me from FedEx and ask me to only be delivering here for seven years
All of them named that package it comes every stink in week and they already delivered a package
It was mailed from
Plantation yesterday they delivered that this morning before the show so I asked you before to give her mail those pictures back no, okay
Listen get off my ass when you please while there's a lot of room on there. Yeah, I'm sure there is comfy
Squatty you know, oh looks comfy a
Congressional committee has taken the first steps to asking the Department of Justice and start a criminal investigation into whether Roger Clemens committed
Purgery during testimony about performance enhancing drugs according to
According to three lawyers with knowledge of the matter poor Roger the Dodger baby to anybody believe him
That was the most pathetic even Mark McWire who said well, we don't want to talk about the past
We don't want to talk about yeah, right of course. You don't want to talk about the past because you are freaking a liar
God any time you see a guy whose head is his biggest four bowling balls. You know he's he's on something
Everybody else may be on the earth, but he's on Uranus make no mistake about it a
Draft letter referring Clemens, but not his accuser Brian McTamy had been drawn up by staff members for the House Committee on over-sighting government before by the end of last week
According to two of the lawyers
But all three lawyers have spoke on the condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to come and publicly on a matter
Said it was possible that McTamy would also be included in the referral by the time we sent to the Justice Department and
Everybody with a half a brain knows that for justice will go to see wrong call your own. That's right. Cut the crap in other words
And by the way, you know what the Tessio said look a bratsy sleeps with him and then Clemens are we fro who was it that said that yeah, no, I'm confused Jack Leman
All right
Who is it right? Oh here it is look a bratsy sleep with the fission
Commenza I mean anybody any idea is that if the committee does decide to refer Clemens alone
Would indicate that the Democratic majority led by chairman Henry Waxman with that pig nose
Democratic California had prevailed over any Republican reservations about the truthfulness of McTamy statements in the Mitchell report a
Subsequent deposition and his testimony in actually tell us committee hearing from way 13
That hearing split along partisan lines with most Republicans attacking McTamy and most Democrats challenging Clemens
The next day Waxman said he regretted that they ring had been held
He said he thought that oppositions would have suffice but that Clemens lawyers wanted to public hearing of the issues
And then he also believed that Clemens didn't tell the truth in the interview on Monday
Waxman said that no decision on the referral had been made
But one would be forthcoming by the end of the week. He said that he hadn't yet spoken to the committee's ranking Republican Tom Davis over
Virginia about the matter
I wonder if he's kind of Tommy Davis the old ball player who Norma Kent got the autograph from for Joe Bell
That sure did a lot of good, you know what nice gone air Norma
He got that autograph of Tommy Davis for Joe Bell do you see what a tremendous oh, yeah, that changed everything that's off
That did it for me
You've been abused in the workplace every day
In addition Keith Osberg Republican Chief Council be committee said he wasn't aware that the letter had been drafted
Joe household race spoken for Clemens depending decline comment
How do I've got a hot lunch day to two o'clock?
Well, since I'm keeping you abreast of the FedEx is everything else. It's not everything but as much as I can
It's gonna be hot lunch like soup. I don't know. Yeah, like a little soup. Would he be early?
Because of the partisan nature of the February 13 hearing their head been speculated that the committee would refer the entire matter of the
Justice Department rather than single out Clemens
It is definition of congressional investigators that they were in Clemens's not able to experience their words of human growth hormone
Nobody believed him even though Mac than be testified that he injector Clemens with one drug with the other released 16 occasions between 1998 and 2001
In a related case last month I don't want to step on
In a related case last month, Waxman and Davis jointly answered just to come investigate shirts up
Miguel Tejada for suspected fall statements in 2005 when Tejada spoke privately with committee staff members about performance enhancing drugs
And like I said before I really I spend sleepless nights worrying about whether
Miguel Tejada is a kind do is about a Cassada
Is a Mel de Cassada
You don't remember her do you?
That before your time I don't know and I see they demoted the alien Rodriguez their channel for they said he was too much of a
Professional Cuban to be on the air like in the middle of daytime when people are awake something like that
Oh, but alien Rodriguez is such a great journalist. Yeah, you should live so long. Okay, who said that and
And this is mother oh
It was on clear Monday whether any Clemens referral would be similarly bipartisan
Although sending the entire matter of the Justice Department is seen as a compromise between Democrats and Republicans
Reform only Clemens testimony could be read as an endorsement of the work George D. Mitchell the former Democratic Senator identified Clemens
The steroids use in report on the use of performing hand and enhancing drugs and baseball. I'm tongue-tied
I don't want to give her craft you give her craft about Roger Clemens whether it's head is that yeah, right?
Who cares can Greg right even great doesn't care dear?
Not really it's I think it's become a joke by now. It's what the whole thing is a joke that they're wasting all this time
It's pretty clearly yeah, what is like I said very
Prisbecase is I think great should Amazon show that's exactly the correct answer because like I said when I was going on
We put it on the ear here on my little TV. I said what the hell is Congress wasting their time with us
We got all these people dying in a rack the them
The environment is going to hell in a hand basket and the global warming is out of control
Jazz prices are 80 billion dollars to put your tank and they're worried about the crap
That's the specialty of Congress grandstanding about a bunch of that's it
That's all they know and that describes their performance too right in fact, I think during the next break I might
Yeah, all right. Well, I was thinking nor like Joyce great. We can all go together if you want
No, God and if you ever see that spot
I'm sure you have Bob Jo and Tom by and there they're all going to the the regulars. Yeah, the regulars Bob Jo and Tom
I'm thinking she this sounds a little bit gay. I'm thank God Larry Craig in one of those stalls man
How do you know he is maybe he's taking a
Yeah
Yeah, maybe he's in there waiting for a company. I don't know poor Larry Craig and
He's still there. He's still in the Senate. He's that leads to the most important story the whole day
Larry Craig wants
interns
By the way, do you think they'll ever deliver that package of this building really just I think what they're gonna do all week long
They're just gonna keep calling. That's right. Is it like a joke or something? It must be I told you a like a
Staff change or something happened
What do you mean a staff change they delivered another package here this morning? I
Don't know maybe that's right. Yeah, let me ask you do think that he's challenged in terms of addressing the phatic
Somalope who you know when you get the package and when you get the package you'll know
Get out of here if you wrote in you know a type over something
And they said to me what in other words, we don't need a ringer number a you know like that
Like they're gonna ring her and come up to the my apartment. What do I need that for?
Leave it at the front desk what part of that don't you understand that I told the guy that before called
What was it about an hour ago the guy called and then this broad Jackie calls oh hi
It's Jackie from FedEx. I think they're having like some kind of a nervous crack over there something
Oh, excuse me. I think they're having a nervous
Excuse me
877 on the survey boy. That's not bad. You know somebody might be listening out there
I and it's probably because Chris ain't here today. I shouldn't pick on him. William Fuckley is dead. They'll how are you?
How well
Bill Bennett don't bet on it
Jesus the people that they put on here. I'm switching off CNN. I'm never gonna turn it on again till next time
I'm going over to MSNBC
Saying that intellectuals can in fact be conservative but going back to this main point. I agree
You know a brocco bomb if you look at the
Brand is the most I'm a senator and a screamer too by the way 877
What's in these people you find most repulsive and you know it's a damn good thing we didn't put William F. Buckley
I because nobody you know he's small potatoes these days. He's old news, right?
Ain't that news a man and I'm dead ancient news William F. Buckley is dead well sooner or later
Oh look at this
Sure at least it's not UPS. What does that mean Brandon? At least it's not UPS. What does that mean? I like UPS
Don't you yeah, but I like FedEx even better until today until this day. I thought was
And didn't realize it was by Zineol along or whatever he said to bad the godfather is not again
Which of these people you find the most repulsive it man quarter 329
Rush Limbaugh 227 Julie Roman 87 Julie Romans tied with Bill or I lead a seven a piece
I like them all 61 idiots. Oh, that's down to 6.9%
Sean Hannity 56 Bob Novak 21 who ought to be because he outed Valerie claim he ought to be in jail right now
But he's not because of the America for you
Missed Rudge has only got eight and Glenn Beck has still got that one. Oh, but Brandon's got a problem with UPS
He says UPS sucks not with them. He they don't they do just fine. No, no, no George likes him a lot too. That's right never failed
And our neighbor driver is a big fan of ours like I said, I love UPS and FedEx
Up until today
Is this new Rogers why we got a package here that's like so confusing I mean
Oh, what a world what a world, you know, but the best be philosophical like me, you know
Right oh
Firefighters battle a barnfire near Shelby County, New York now that's some big breaking news. That's on MSNBC
Many horses no wonder. Oh, oh, let me go back to CNN. That's why I don't watch it. I said we seek every tender's like a you know like a brush fire
They got it on here. Oh, there's a brush fire in you know in skinny atlas
Is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
R terms question me up
The
E16 my left gene or
On a wind thing
I'm so small so much I can't get enough
I've got a giant head
And such a tiny, protective cup
And I've got to have to find someone to blame
If I'm gonna make it to the whole of pain
It's just like very much it's not a loan
Oh, no, no, no, no
I'm a rocket man
A rocket man
I'm so small I can't get enough
I'm so small I can't get enough
Maybe you could explain this to me
It says, Myron Compliment died
Double U, Double U
I think it's supposed to be your Oi, Oi
Double Oi
Who's Myron Compliment?
Do you tell me?
Oh, wow, Oi, Oi
Oh, Oi, they're good
I can't imagine
Maybe some guy with a very magic
Or some erros mother-carnier
No, I'm not gonna Google it
I'll do it
Alright
Oh, I just grew up in a sad place, then, dude
I'm very important
It's called an American Montenegro
Myron Compliment
I bet you'd read my know who that is
But I doubt it from Pittsburgh
He was the guy in the pseudo-barcast
Wild and crazy guy, Myron Coat
Myron Coat
Know who that is Greg?
No
Yeah, 35 years ago he was the color analyst
You looked it up, so you cheated
Well, I read the article
Yes
You read the article?
Yeah, I saw it early this morning that he passed away
So I read the article
He didn't pass away, he died
Don't say he passed away, so
And a 7-0, it's not
He died?
That said, he died, he croaked
He's worm food now, man
He's done, he's finito
Myron Coat, how old was he?
He's born in 29, and what?
January 22, so he just had a birthday a couple
The last month, 29 is 71, 79
Boy, just a spring chicken
Myron Coat, he was a long time analyst
for the Pittsburgh-Steelo broadcasts
He's dead
Of course, Bob Princess still dead, that's a real shame
Mike Langs alive though, but demoted to radio
Because he got stabbed in the back by his former partner there
Mike, a stabber wall
George, you don't want to hear about all this sports stuff
Okay, oh, there's Christal, it was just like your age
Who's dead?
Remarkable guy
Well, thank you for-
Christal, who endorsed Barack Obama by the way, do you see that yesterday?
Yeah
You're gonna love this very short
from my smirking chimp by Steve Young
Steve Young is great, not to Steve Young from the football
So you're gonna have to Gregus think of Steve Young
Hey Steve, oh, yeah, that's Steve Young
He sure was pretty man back when he played for Brigham Young
Steve Young, he was a pretty guy
A little bit too pretty, in another way gay, like that
And what could be considered a magnanimous offer on the part of the sexual
harassment talk show host Bill O'Reilly recommended laws be changed
to send anyone who or hurts anyone out of the country
Yesterday, he was skewering her, her older reverberer for his taken out
O'Reilly symbolizes the illegal alien
Bill told the folks that he had, he had the answer to Handling Grime
and in effect through himself out of the bus
or on it that is, if the bus was hauling bad people out of the country
as Bill suggests
Certainly aware that sexual harassment harms the target of the unsolicited abuse
and they've been brought to court where he ended up paying millions
to squash the sexual harassment case against him
Bill's calling for people who are mothers to be banished from the US of A must be applauded
And his one who's often taken pot shots at the easy target Bill O'Reilly
makes, I can only say that took balls, my friend, humongous balls well done
Anyway, I can't in other words, Bill O'Reilly needs to be deported out of the country
to which we say, abs so freaking
Absolutely, even more agrees with that
Like Sierra Leone
No, Gregor Rowan, Gregor Rowan, Gregor is no for Mo, do you, you know, no Mo?
I know all of him from your show and from what other people have told me
You mean you've actually listened to this show?
I have, yes
Oh my god, I can't believe that probably back in the day when we could say something
and place something and you know, it'll be a little bit entertaining
Back in the room, so much for him getting ahead in this place
What do you mean by that?
Oh, that's Greg, listen to the show and maybe even like the show again
You're working on it
And he's done getting along with us, that's it
I hope you're not Jewish
I'm not
Oh, thank god he's not Jewish, he's got his job, he saved himself
Good come back, nice job
Oh my god, Brandon, don't stir up with Greg
We'll bring Josh Cortison if Brandon wants to act up today
He says that Greg sounds rather frat like he has food in his throat
Are you eating now?
I'm not eating, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, he's not, he's tall and lean
Tall and lean and mean, Brandon, he's gonna come over there and kick your ass
He thought so mean
904 vote on the pool
Not as mean as Chris, Chris could be pretty mean
Not your Chris, Mike, I mean, you know
But if so many Chris's and so little time, Jesus, Chris
Land on getting and also Jerry, it's very important
Poor Chris Dodd, man, you know these guys, he's good, he's a good senator, he's a good guy, he's brilliant, he's got a great, he's a good speaker
He's got an IQ larger than his thumbnail, his father was a big crook in Connecticut, Tom is done
But he, nobody even paid any attention to him
And just like Joe Biden, you see how well he and Bill Richardson
And Bobby Richardson, dude, so good either
So my rank cope is dead and Bill Buckley, Jr., William F. Buckley, you know what the F stood for?
Or you know who he used to have big rouse with all the time?
No
Let me give you a hint, gay, grow up it all
Oh, I'm just gonna say you have to do a better hint than that
What do you mean by that?
He's like gay, that covers a lot of territory
Great intellectual, okay, how many gay, great intellectuals?
You didn't say that
Other than me and grow up it all
You said gay, that was the only hint
I was, yeah, the three of them, Norman Miller and William F. Buckley and grow up it all
I was gonna guess Bobby Clinton
He's wild debates and they be on TV shows screaming and yelling at each other
And excoriating each other with words that even, what's your name?
Maureen Dow wouldn't understand
Well, I got a Maureen Dow column here by the way
Yeah
Can you handle it?
Please
I don't want to do a lot of reading here while Greg is sitting on the board
You'll think he'll show it to me about me reading a newspaper articles for four hours
You know, and reading the telephone directory
Boy, if I could, you know something, I'm gonna go on the other room during the break
And get the Toronto phone book and just read like under chin
All the Chinese names just from 100,000 Chinese people here
I guarantee if I walked outside right now
Within the first block I'd find more Chinese people than all of the Dayton Broward put together
Now, why is that?
I don't know
I mean, it's not the climate because if you go into West Coast like in California
Of course that's geography, you know
It's only 80 million miles across the Pacific Ocean to China
But, where is it that all the Muslims weren't like a cleaver to lead Detroit
Why?
Why there of all places
Dearborn
Yeah
WKNR, Dearborn with offices in the Sheridan Cadillac Detroit
How do you pick a place like that?
I mean, don't they come from the desert?
Shouldn't they have gone to like Phoenix or something?
From the desert?
Muslims?
You know, all the Arabs come from the desert
What do they Jews do in New York? There's no desert in New York
Because that was the port of California
That was the port
Yeah
Where they would import everyone from everywhere
They didn't drink port, they drank man of shepherds and occasionally Morgan David
Oi!
Morgan Doved
Oh look at that, the Grannis says he would have ripped Josh on Monday if his stream would have worked and he could have heard the show
Well, we're having some technical issues on Monday
We started the day thing
You know something, it's a damn good thing I re-did our mother thing here
Are we booted in it?
Right on the air, remember that?
Mm-hmm
Well, that's good, I'm glad you remember he's that long, it was only a couple hours ago
That's right
Yeah, I only remember the important things
I remember mama, most of all I remember mama
Life is about building a series of memories
And you know, my only problem now?
What?
All my memories are in the past
I have to make some noise
No, no, no ones, just old ones
Go get your son
No, memories
I don't want
Maureen Dad's out, I got a big lunch coming up at 2 o'clock today, isn't that good?
Mm-hmm
Of course there's a problem behind it, but I don't want to go into it on the air
Mama, see that Mexico is having some problems, you know?
You don't know how that goes
No, I don't
In fact, as a matter of fact, I think I'm going to give you her address
All to you here then?
Why are you here some shit?
Oh, I'll call the problem, give me your number
Maureen Dad, begrudging his bidazzling is the headline of the article
I just don't start and get one nose in a million
What? You started it?
I did not, offering the help now
A huge Ellen subtling materialized between Hillary and the giant screen interrupting her speech Monday night at a fundraiser at George Washington University in Washington
One better way for a despot Hillary to try to stop her rival from running off with all her women supporters than to have a cozy satellite chant with a famous daytime talk show host who isn't supporting Obama
Will you put a ban on glitter, Ellen demanded?
Differmentically, Hillary said that school children needed for special projects, but maybe she could ban it for anybody over 12
Certainly, Hillary understands the perils of glitter
The Kota of her campaign has been a primal scream against the golden child of Chicago, a clinging and sometimes childish warning that all that glitters is not gold
David Brody, the Christian Broadcasting Network correspondent who's interview with Hillary R2, they said the senators seem dumbfounded by the Obama sensation
She's been so discombobulated that she's ignored some truism of politics that her husband understands well, sunny beats gloomy, consistency beats flipping, be dazzling beats be grudging, confidence beats whining
Experiences not be to segment though or Nixon would have been present the first time around, Poppy Bush would have never had a second, would have had a second term, and President Coral would have stopped the earth from melting by now
Voters gravitate for the presidential candidates who seem more comfortable in their skin, JFK and Reagan seemed exceptionally comfortable, so did Bill Clinton and W, who both showed that comfort can be an illusion of sorts masking deep in securities
The fact that Obama's exceptionally easy in his skin has made Hillary almost jump out of hers, she can't turn out her own charm and what because she can't get beyond what she sees as the deep ingest is a Obama not waiting his turn
Her sunshine colored jackets on the trail hardly disguised the fact that she's pee green with envy
After saying she found her voice in New Hampshire, she's turned into civil, we've had experienced Hillary, soft Hillary, hard Hillary, misty Hillary, sarcastic Hillary, joined the tip to Bill Hillary, her own person who just happens to be married to a former president of Hillary, it's my turn Hillary, cuddly Hillary, let's get down on the dirt and fight like dogs Hillary
Just as in the White House, when her cascading images in her styles became dizzying and unsettling, suggesting that the first lady woke up her baby struggling to create a persona, she seems not to think there's a political solution to her problem
If she can only change this or that about her persona, or tear down this or that about Obama's, but the whirlwind of changes in charges gets wearing
By threatening to throw the kitchen sink at Obama, the Clinton campaign simply confirmed the fact that they might be going down the drain
I like that, Hillary and her aides urge reporters to learn from the Saturday night life skid about journalists having crushes on Obama
Maybe we should ask Barack if he's comfortable and needs another pillow, she said, terribly in the debate last night, she peepously and fortlessly complained about getting the first question too often, and flying with the moderators of MSNBC, a Chandler campaign has complained that sexists are giving Obama an easy ride
Beating on the press is the lamest thing you can do, it's only because of the utter open-mindedness of the press that Hillary can lose 11 contests in the world and still be treated as a contender
Hillary and her top aides could not say categorically that her campaign had not been a source on the drug report as Matt Rochklaim for a picture of Obama and African native garb that the means for it to hope will conjure up a Muslim-churian candidate vibe
At a rally on Sunday she tried sarcasm about Obama talking about how celestial choir singing and magic ones waving won't get everybody together to do the right thing
With David Brody, Hillary evoked a specter of a scary, cool-aid cult, I think there's a certain phenomenon associated with the candidacy, and I'm really struck by that because it's very much about him and his personality and his presentation, she said, adding that it dangerously over-simplifies the complexity of the problems we face, the challenge of navigating our country through some difficult uncharted waters, or a nation of war that seems to be forgotten, she said
a war of course that she voted for. Actually, it's not forgotten, it's a hard-sale for Hillary to say she's the only one capable of leaving this country in a war once she helped the leading country into that war, or the paraphrase of Obama from the debate here, the one who drives the bus into the ditch can't drive it out
Nice going, Marina, the quickest name to the best time of the year.
Hello and welcome to a current affair. Good morning Senator McCain. Good morning George, how are you? Great, but my name's John. Tell us about your healthcare plans.
So we're going to help children with their health insurance and hope that they continue to smoke. Well, that's not good. Do there's no God about that, my friend? How about foreign policy?
Senator McCain, by my ran? I mean, we're trying to get our troops out of Iraq. I don't think Americans are concerned if we're there for 100 years or 1000 years or 10,000 years.
You must be either on crack or crazy. What? Well, I didn't say those words. Why are you laughing and staring at the wall?
Senator McCain, thank you very much. Thanks a lot George. John, my name's John and quick tooling on the mic.
I'm sorry, it's not just me, the things John McCain is crazy. Thank God for that. It's pretty obvious in it. Yes, it is. From 19 to 560, nobody, cue, I'm happy Wednesday, too. We got no Chris with us today.
We got Greg from the Joe Rose show and he said that he wishes Joe would take his break sometimes. Of course, when you got an 80 minute break, how can it take it on time? That's the max as uniform number, old number 80. Is that right? How'd you know? That's why my dog's got the 88 minute breaks. Well, that's the way it is. Man, we're interested in sales. We're not interested in programming. We're not interested in content. We're interested in sales, baby. That's what it's all about. Don't you have that cash register sound? Yeah, I got already hearing him. Hey, I got that. You do. No, I don't. I don't. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I got it. It's under cash. It is? Yeah. Cash. Cash, register. Cash to pay? I don't have it. What's cash to pay a bit? Funny. By now you should know that all women are boys, especially when you're bald. If you don't have the look, then you've got a problem. Particularly when you're bald, man, with there is a solution with the new shredded cash to pay. After all, there's no such thing as a good looking to pay.
and everybody knows your ball anyway.
So why not try the two pay may from genuine dreaded US Ming-Tang
and give her something other than your wallet to run her hands through?
Absolutely.
Okay, let's see. This is from the heralds so that you know, it might be true or not.
In the case that puts the Bush administration in legal dilemma, Cuban-American groups
yesterday demanded the Justice Department indicts the del Castro
for the brothers to the rescue shoot downs as he no longer enjoys immunity
as hint of the state of Cuba.
Relatives of the three US citizens and one resident killed in the February 24, 1996,
downing of the two brothers' aircraft by Cuban Migs met with a top-wide
as official and presented thousands of signatures supporting the petition
as well as resolutions from several South Florida municipalities.
Maybe like sweet water like that, you know, in Hylia?
What get the degree?
Some legal experts not the Bush administration,
militia and indictment because other countries might seize on the president
to prosecute US officials and long overdue, by the way.
But the relatives and their supporters were on the tour.
Like Henry Kissinger, for example, let's fry his ass.
What about the Bush or the Honduras there?
Richard Negro Pate.
Hey, what several family members fighting back tears, Rafael Crespo, president
of the Cuban-American Veterans Association filed to go after Fidel and Raul Castro,
who have spoken about their roles in the shoot downs.
Therefore, he said we believe their declaration to be sufficient grounds for their indictment.
The Bush go inside with some days 12th anniversary of the event,
which raised US Cuban tensions to their highest points
since the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Cuban-American groups have been frustrated by what they say is a lack of awareness
of what transpired of that day, as well as the Clinton and Bush administration's failure
to indict the Castro brothers.
What do you say we indict the Marx brothers?
They're all dead anyway.
Sure. What was your favorite one?
Why?
Which was your favorite Marx brother?
Groucho, of course, because the other one's a harpo, is, you know, hits him in the eye.
No, but he even talks about Zepo.
To focus attention on the case, Zepo and Ozele and Chico.
Oh, Chico? Yeah, he Groucho always called him Chico.
I don't know why.
You ever know anybody named Chico?
Let's not leave Gummau out of there either.
And Gummau, all right.
To focus the tanguit of a good and South Florida man, he could gummed his food
with all the other old farts.
To focus attention on the case,
Mommy Republican Representative Muriel Diaz-Balard has sponsored a resolution
condemning the shoot downs that has garnered 35 co-sponsors so far.
Earlier this month, Mommy Republican Representative Eliana Rosanna-Dana-Latin
wrote Attorney General Michael McCasey arguing for an indictment.
She was screaming,
comeonista, comeonista, comeonista, she, now she and John McKayman, that's a good match,
because they're both crazy.
All of this at the victims already have had some successes.
In 2006, they were awarded $97 million in reparations from Cuba,
after U.S. laws were amended to allow the collection of countries frozen assets.
In 2003, U.S. Grand Jury and data Cuban Air Force Chief
General Rubin Martinez-Puente and the brothers Lorenzo and Francisco Perez-Perez,
the two big pilots involved in the shoot downs.
What kind of a name is that Perez-Perez?
Normal?
That a family with no imaginations that with it is?
You know, a lot of us have two last names,
as in the other...
The same?
Why not?
But the family members say justice will be served only when prosecutors go up,
the Cuban chain of command to the cancer brothers.
They also want the state government to clear the incident in a Cuban state-active terrorism.
U.S. citizens Carlos Costa,
Mario de la Pena,
and Armando Alejandra Jr., a Marine in Vietnam,
a Vietnam War veteran,
and permanent resident Pablo Morales were killed in the incident
over international waters and the Straits of Florida.
Alejandra's sister, Margaret Cooley, says,
Raul Castro is now cloked in immunity,
but Fidel is not.
So now what excuse are they going to give us, she said?
The political will is not there.
Cuba is not that important.
The U.S. government is terrified of mass migration.
They'll do anything to prevent that.
Oh, let's have another Mario Bolif, what do you say?
Not.
Prosecutions of heads of state are legally
intricate affairs that are still being worked out around the world experts.
Say there are additional presidents,
most notably the arrest in London of Chile's
uh, General Augusto Pinochet and the extradition of former
Peruvian president Alberto Fujimori.
What more did you say?
You heard what I said.
And the U.S. government brought panimating director,
a dictator.
What does his name, Manuil Norega, before a court in Miami-19?
Norega was not technically head of state.
Having the U.S. issue an indictment of Fidel Castro would dramatically
ratchet up attention in the case,
but experts weren't an indictment could
harm president Bush and other U.S. officials.
The administration and most governments,
whether Republican and Democrat, are not overjoyed about the possibility of
former heads of state being hauled in the courts of other countries under the concept
of universal jurisdiction,
says Robert Goldman, an expert on international human rights laws,
and American university in Washington.
If we can make a claim to be able to haul into our court's cash row,
then might get another country attempt to haul
former defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld or Mr. Bush or Cheney he added.
Amen to that.
And of course Henry Kissinger and the butcher of Honduras, Richard Negro Pante.
Jose Miguel Vivonco, the America's director with human rights,
Watson and Diamond Castro would be perceived by the nations as a political prosecution
because of what have little practical impact.
Castro is unlikely to submit to a U.S. court and the administration likes international
credibility given its position on the illegality of torture and other abuses.
They're all grepsing and choking and gagging because I think maybe we'll probably
have lunch at Red Lounge to again.
Okay.
And I love the food but all that butter man.
Oh yeah.
Just play that butter song.
Yeah I love that song.
The new beats.
Can't stand what wasn't in that song by the new beats.
Can't take butter.
No that's not...
Yeah that's it right.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
This is now Roger's sports radio 560 QAM.
Red butter.
Sports leader.
I can't take too much butter.
It shoots right out my ass.
Can't hurt an America.
Looming to the can.
Can't bear my dad's takes for a hundred thousand hours.
And most of us we've got.
We can't do much butter, it makes me the most.
Then I get the best.
I can't take too much butter.
I can't take it at all.
I ask for it from all less stuff.
And especially sorbets all.
I know I need such a little bit quick stuff.
I want to know the world about that.
And I don't like to eat butter.
I just can't say such a thing.
I can't take too much butter.
There's your voice in my nose.
You need to fast.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
The incredible melodramatic rick Sanchez is there on CNN.
That proves that that network belongs off the air.
Immediately if not soon.
In fact, it does.
Well here's the story that you've been waiting for.
Here's the whole.
And it's only 800 pages.
I'll spare you most of it.
Okay.
William F. Buckley Jr. dies at 82.
Absolutely.
William F. Buckley Jr.
The Aridite Ivy Leagueer and Conservative Herald are showered huge and scornful words on liberalism as he observed.
A bedded and cheered on the rights post-WW2 rise from the fringes to the White House.
Die today was 82.
This is the same William F. Buckley by the way that wanted to have tattoos on people who were HIV positive.
That's right.
And later when one of his right-wing friends died from AIDS, he said he had a change of heart.
Ain't that nice.
His assistant Linda Bridges said Buckley was found dead by his cook.
At his home in Stamford, Connecticut, the cosy death was unknown.
Bated Ben Il with emphacema.
He was a heavy, heavy smoker baby.
He used to smoke on the air all the time.
He was smoking, a chain smoking it.
Yeah.
He was smoking the chain.
Stop smoking if I like you.
Otherwise go right ahead.
Editor, Communist novelist, debater, TV talk show, star a firing line, harps the cordists.
I never knew that.
Real associate in X-rayer, even a good nature loser in New York's mirrors race, Buckley worked at a dotting pace,
taking his little those 20 minutes to write a conference magazine, the National Review.
Yet on the platform, he was all handsome, reptilian, langor, flexing his imposing vocabulary ever so slowly,
X-N-E each part with an arched brow or rolling tongue, and savering an opponent's discomfort with a wide eyed glee.
And he was like a lizard.
His tongue used to like dart in and out of his pussy, you know?
No, I don't know.
Oh, well, just tell him you.
I am, I fully regret a phenomenon, not because of any speed and composition he wrote the New York Times book review in 86.
I asked myself the other day, who else on so many issues has been right so much at the time I couldn't think of anyone.
Oh, what a, what a pompous ass, but he's dead.
Buckley had for years been withdrawing from public life starting in 1990 when he stepped down his top editor of the National Review.
In December 1999, he closed down firing line after a 23 year run, with guest ranging from Richard Nixon to Alan Ginsburg.
I don't respect it anymore if he would have had Arne Ginsburg.
You gotta end some time, I just assume, not die on stage, you told the audience.
For people of my generation, Bill Buckley was pretty much the first intelligent, witty, well-educated conservative on-sought TV,
fellow Nazi William Crystal editor of the Weekly Standard set at the time that she wanted.
He legitimized conservatism as an intellectual movement, and therefore as a political movement, a movement of hate.
50 years earlier, a few could have imagined such a triumph. Conservatives had been marginalized by a generation of discredited stands from imposing FDR's New Deal to the isolationism which preceded the US entry into WW2.
Liberal so dominated intellectual thought that the critic Lionel Trilling claimed there were no conservative or rational ideas in general circulation.
Of only that were true. Buckley founded the Biowikli magazine National Review in 1955 declaring that he proposed to stand a thwart history yelling stop at a time when O'Hennel wasn't inclined to do so, or to have much patience for those who urgent.
Not only did he help revive conservative ideology, especially unbending anti-communism and free market economics, Riz Persano was a dynamic break from such dour right when pressists as a Senator Robert Taff, who was really very daft.
Although it perpetually lost money the National Review bill of circulation from 16,057 to 125,064, the years conservative Senator Barry Goldwater was the Republican candidate and who lost virtually every state except like one or two got lomped by LBJ.
The magazine claimed the circulation of 155,000 won Buckley Relinquished Control in 2004, citing concerns about his morality.
In over the years the National Review attracted numerous young writers, some were remained conservative George World David Brooks and some who didn't, Joan Nadidion and Gary Willes.
I was very fond of him, Dedeon City, and everyone was even if they didn't agree with him.
For November 24, 1925 in New York City, William F. Buckley, Jr. was the sixth of ten children of high-multimidineir with oil holdings in seven countries, the Sun spent his early childhood in France and England, and exclusive Roman Catholic schools.
He was also a very far-bisoned Catholic, by the way. I just mentioned that in the past.
His prominent family also included his brother James who became a one-term Senator from New York in the 70s, his social-eyed wife, Pat, who died in April 2007, and if some Christopheray-Northeran-Saturdays, thank you for smoking, he wrote.
Thanks for smoking, Dad. Oh, what's that, Sam?
I'm dying on the head!
Man, it goes on, on, on. He spent a year as a low-level agent for the CIA in Mexico, where he later dismissed his boring.
With his brother-in-law, Al-Bren Boselle, Buckley wrote a defense of Senator Joe McCarthy in 54, McCarthy and his enemies. While condemning some of the Senator's anti-communist successes, the book praised the movement around which men of good with will and stern morality can close ranks. Oh my God, otherwise, BOOM! He was a crazy person.
Who talked very, very slowly with the opinion he made no sense.
Right, that's right.
But nevertheless, he brought Nazi-as-migrated fashionable again to Merkin, people like Bill Crystal are helping to bring it back in the air, like that.
942 on the pool, I told you this hour, we're closing it down to 1000, and once we get to 1000, we're switching to pool. I'm gonna do it now.
Okay, my greats permission to change the pool right now?
Go right ahead.
Or, yeah, go ahead or what? Or we're gonna be upset, no you're not. I'm bringing back the old ice cream pool. I like this one.
We haven't done it in a long, long time. It had almost 1000 votes back, and today when 1000 was very, you know, out of the ordinary on this show.
You know what I mean?
No.
Yeah, you do. You don't remember those days? Well, you never paid any attention to the pool anyway.
That's right.
I'll tell you, let me, before I do this ice cream thing, let me go back to the first pool and see how many votes we had.
When Neil goes on another one of his frequent, oh, and then he then he results on it.
Let's see. If you were a victim of circumcision, go wrong. What would you rather be? Raise it. 44 votes.
44 votes on an early pool. If we got 44 votes on a pool today, what would you say? Let's go home.
Okay. We're done. We're finished. We're like swallery.
Stick a folk in us. We're done, folks.
The best ice cream brand is...
I guess I'm going to have to... Oh, look at that. Good dava. Have you ever had good dava ice cream?
Yeah, I guess I have. I don't think I have.
Oh, it's good. And they make it in pints too.
Mmm.
But I'm going to say Ben and Jerry's only because of the old flavors like fish food, you know, and New York Super Fudge chunk.
And like that. And Ben and Jerry's is off to an early meal. Here you go.
I mean, I could say hogging does, but they're not making good flavors anymore.
They had that banana, not for a while, which was just awesome.
Can't find it for lover money, man. It's gone. And once it's gone, you know what they say?
It's gone. Yeah, that's right.
I hate that. When a really good flavor comes out, I've been through this a million times.
Why do companies do that? Just to piss us off? Is that the idea? Just to frustrate us?
Just to aggravate the crap. And Ben and Jerry's new flavors, by the way, are so bad, man, even in China, they say they're halosious.
Crap. Horrible.
Strawberry shortcake, my ass.
Really? I'll go get the pancake.
Oh, yeah. Go get a spoon. Yeah.
And the syrup.
Gallon of it. I'm not even going to cover that.
And a couple of Marasquino cherries, too. I hate people who say Marasquino. It's Marasquino, by the way.
Right. I don't say that.
Well, some people say Marasquino. And you don't like the juice from the cherries in the jar.
No. You know me. I don't like trees.
I'm just like you know, a sugar holoc like I am.
Right. I could take a whole I do love the cherries though.
There's Roger Clemens with that huge head.
House committee that I just mentioned just some two weeks ago, where he denied the uses.
Yeah, he's a liar. He's a big, fat blown up liar.
Well, I got so much stuff going on here. I don't know whether the screamer or a put a banana in that banana split.
But I do like a nice banana split.
Don't eat him pretty often because I'll be dead if I do.
Right. I'll be dead anyway.
The best ice cream brand is we got 10 quick votes on there on the new pool.
Let's see. How about we got more than 10 now? We got 22.
Ben and Jerry's nine.
Briar is four.
Faster Robbins three.
Faster Robbins is Dan Goodman.
Okay. The Rocky Road.
Mmm.
Okay.
Good night, but two.
Very queen one.
Very queen.
You call that ice cream?
No, they don't call it ice cream.
They can have a soft serve.
I mean, he's a tiny used to recognize her.
Edie's one, public's one, Hagan does one, and none for Starbucks.
I didn't know Starbucks had ice cream.
Do they?
I guess.
Well, they must have on the pool.
Eric's dreamery. Edie's dreamery.
Carvelle and seal test. They have none.
Seal test.
Seal test.
A polytone ice cream.
And I'll chop it vanilla and straw.
Yeah.
That goes back a thousand years in here.
What it sucks.
Yeah.
When I was a kid, I used to eat that it's a strawberry and a chocolate and then I used to
even know I couldn't handle it.
Never strawberry.
What?
A strawberry, couldn't handle it.
You know, I strawberry?
Well, you have your old anti-fruits.
I don't know that.
You got some kind of a thing against fruits.
Strawberry ice cream doesn't taste like strawberries.
Wrong.
Okay.
Wrong.
And I'm sure you'll eat it.
What?
I'll eat the chocolate you can have the strawberry.
Okay.
Know that the Lord even loves seal rogers.
Hey, ice cream lovers.
First!
There was Ben and Jerry.
Now there's something new.
Hi, I'm Neil.
And I'm Bob.
Have a taste.
Yes, New Neil and Bob's gourmet ice cream.
What exciting new flavors like.
Fudgey-go-surprise.
Blueberry.
And sorbet-hine.
Neil and Bob's gourmet ice cream.
Back them.
You know, you are really slipping in your old age.
You forgot to add onto this pool with the one that's the obvious winner.
Thanks Brandon.
And so did I, of course, prevent them from duttering old food.
You know.
Well, no.
Because don't creamery.
Oh, yeah.
Well.
I don't have that.
Yeah.
What?
How many times have I said I've been there?
Why?
How many times have I said that I've been there?
Never.
Right.
So why should I remember the place I've been on?
I've never been there actually, but I've had the ice cream from there.
Well, none of the above.
From right to the house.
And again, this is your bag, baby.
Oh, now you're going to tell me, you know, like ice cream.
I didn't say that.
You know, like sweets.
I didn't say that.
I'm going to obsess like you are.
You know, I have things.
I am.
I'm obsessed.
Okay.
Right.
There are two things that are obsessed with that you're not.
One of them is ice cream and the other one is hot young guys.
Okay.
That's right.
So there you go.
Now, some hot young guy with ice cream and like cold stone creamery.
Shmeered all over his bottle.
That sounds good.
To you.
Sounds like, yeah, I could give my elixir.
Forget that on the right away, please.
Yeah, I think that could be the eventual winner.
I think it's going to be Ben and Jerry's.
That could be Wong.
I mean, I like his face.
The first time we did this poll, and let me see.
Cold stone didn't exist.
I mean, this is years ago Ben and Jerry's won.
Hot buyers was second.
And then hogging guys.
Bastard robins just moved way up.
Well, we only got a few votes on her.
It's the early going.
Hey, look, I just got off the facts machine.
Hey, Neil, how about cold stone creamery?
Yeah, well, there you go.
You got it?
Got it.
There it is.
It's on her.
It doesn't have any votes here, but it will.
Here's the final result of the poll we started with today,
which of these people defined the most repulsive?
942 votes.
We're going to wait it for a thousand, but why?
It's like a pyrrhic victory.
You know, you're going to get there.
What's the point?
We hear to prove something?
No.
And colder.
Mancourt has got 353.
They hate her like poison, even with that gigantic, uh,
Adam's apple.
And that man, Jaina.
Wersh Limbaugh 242.
Bill O'Reilly 95.
What a drop off.
Julie Berman 94.
He's right on Bill's ass.
I like them all 66.
66 NITs, baby, not season training.
Sean Hannity 60.
Bobby Novak 21.
Miss Fudge, Matt Rudge 8, and Glenn Beck 3.
I don't think most of this audience is, uh,
they don't even know who Miss Fudge is, do you?
Oh, yeah, they do.
They do, and they don't hate his, uh,
I mean, every once in a while, you might want to say Matt Rudge
so they know exactly who you're talking about.
It says on there, a Matt Rudge on the poll.
Yeah, but you only say Miss Fudge.
Well, man, I think that that's, you know,
how's it gonna do with ice cream?
I do like Fudge.
Oh, man.
I'm not that big on New York Super Fudge chunk either.
I don't like it.
To be honest with you,
any of the Ben and Jerry's flavors I find they all pale in their own significance.
I'd fish food out and see you anymore.
At all.
Don't see it.
I don't know why I don't get me started with ice cream.
Okay, I have no interest in eating ice cream today.
Please.
You're the one that started it.
And you're trying to tell us you don't like ice cream.
I didn't say that.
What did you just make things up?
You know what?
I don't like ice cream.
I don't like oxygen.
Why don't you say that?
How about you bring ice cream?
I'm not.
Greg.
I do like ice cream.
Uh, preferably chocolate.
Yeah, there you go.
When you kind of chocolate, you know, one of them.
I know like coffee ice cream all that much.
I do.
You do?
Sure.
Why is that?
I like coffee.
I hate corn.
So that's?
Yeah, I can't drive.
I don't dislike it.
I just, it's not something I would choose, you know.
Right.
In other words, if I was getting a banana split with like 18 scoop size cream, I don't think
anyone would be coffee.
Maybe maybe one.
As a matter of fact, that's the only reason I'll go into a Starbucks is to get a mocha latte chocolate coffee.
Ah, that whole Starbucks thing, man.
What a pseudo intellectual plastic.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Oh, give me a mocha latte, a double, double triple triple.
I think the other guy that's just talking about ice cream, I think ice cream is pseudo intellectual.
How do you like that?
What?
You're the same lab in the world like ice cream.
There's nothing intellectual or same thing about ice cream.
It's the same thing.
Oh, my god.
He goes into the order of ice cream.
Oh, what a pseudo intellectual.
I can't say latte, my ass.
No way.
Yeah.
What is that?
Be wasted on your ass.
The best ice cream brand, Ben and Jerry's 22, Breyer's 11, Bastard Robin's 8.
Good day.
Have a five, Hagen Dazs 4, Watery, Publish 3, Cold Stone Creamy's got two already and
going to go zooming up.
You'll see the dairy queens got two.
Edie's Dreamary 2, Starbucks 1, regular.
And I see now we're getting, why do we have Edie's Dreamary on there?
Huh?
I don't know.
I mean, now we're going to start doing like the different offshoot.
So, that's okay.
Edie's one, regular pedestrian Edie's, generic, Carvelle one and Siltus none.
When I was a kid, I had a lot of Siltus says, that's why I'm old and fat and diabetic now,
probably.
This is a story that Greg is going to be very excited about.
The leaders of our congressional hearing on drugs and sports said today, they will not
take a partisan tone during the broadly focused hearing, looking at the future of drugs
and sports.
All right.
There's your tax dollars.
How do work folks?
This is not going to be political theaters had chairman representative Bobby Rush, Democratic
Illinois before the hearing in front of the House of Committee on Commerce Trade and
Consumer Protection.
There won't be any history on it, which means I guess swillery won't be there.
The ranking Republican member of the subcommittee agreed.
You'll find the atmosphere totally different said Kentucky's Ed Woodfield, referring to
an earlier hearing where baseball grade Roger Clemens testified.
He didn't use steroids, even though his trainer Brian McImmey said he did.
We're hearing it facts, Woodfield said.
The hearing included testimony from representatives of the National Football League, major league
baseball.
By the way, we don't care about the Marlins.
They don't like us.
We don't like them.
They hit us.
We hit them back.
National hockey league NBA and the West Olympics committee.
Let me say it again, Wade B-Lac.
Now with the uphandsers, he's a stiff.
Okay.
I just mentioned that for anybody thinks, oh, now we got a really good tough guy.
He couldn't play for a billion dollars, okay?
He's in an HL player like Amai Rocket scientist.
That's Wade B-Lac.
Even Gregory's for that.
You know who Wade B-Lac is?
Yes, he was just required in the trade.
But you have any idea who he is.
Sounds like you might be a comedian based on your action.
He might be one.
He is a comedian.
He doesn't mean to be, but he is.
And you know where he came from, what team he comes from?
Toronto Maple Leafs.
Very good.
The Toronto Maple Leafs.
That's it.
Made some big moves yesterday.
They got rid of Hal Gill and they got rid of Chad Kilger and they got rid of this stiff
Wade B-Lac.
And the Panthers got two of the stiffs.
Nice going there.
Jacques Martin, Jacques Strat.
We want to get to the stakeholders in the room where I've said everybody don't have the
chance to come.
And then we're going to come up with a bill.
Baseball commissioner, but Seedick was the first to give his opening statement.
He admitted baseball was slow to run to the steroid problem, but there have been significant
steps made in recent years.
He pointed to the fact that there have been only five positive tests for performance
and enhancing substances over the past two major league baseball seasons as proof that
the current policy is working.
He called the Mitchell-Beeq for releasing several looking at steroids in baseball, a
road map to dealing with future drug problems in baseball, and town of the implementation
of several of the circumstances.
We don't need any road map.
We don't need Congress wasting our tax dollars and our time, punching around with steroids
and baseball and football and croquet and all of this crap.
Okay, all of this fine-er-eye.
God.
Oh yeah, dove ice cream with a hard piece of chocolate crisp one.
And he had Brandon starting.
I don't want any says, oh, don't go, don't go in the bastard, or bastard robins today.
And then I don't do it and then he's starting to push with the, yeah, dove.
You want to put that on there?
Yeah, I wish it.
Dove bars.
Mm-hmm.
Especially the hard chocolate with the dark chocolate on the inside.
That'll kill you.
Especially if you can dive better like me, that'll put you over the edge.
How's the cold stone is up to four votes?
It's moving up there very slowly.
George enjoys that cold stone.
Oh yeah.
Or warm and stoned.
Hot and stoned.
Nothing like warm ice cream, man.
Hot fudge.
Real hot fudge.
There's nothing worse than getting a hot fudge Sunday and the fudge is cold.
Mm-hmm.
You know, I'm mad.
That's what my fudge should be.
It should be really, really hot.
That's what my microwave is for.
Once upon a time back in the day, you go to like a drug store.
I know I'm reminiscing and it's like bad, but it's true.
You go to the soda fountain in a drugstore.
And many of the joints had them, you know.
And they'd make you a great cheeseburger on the grill.
And you know, they put the cover over the, once they put the cheese on the burger.
Mm-hmm.
And they put the pan cover on top of it to make sure that these melted just right.
Oh yeah.
And then you get a hot fudge Sunday and they would like ladle from there.
They had this thing that kept the fudge really hot all the time.
And they'd ladle just.
So in fact, if you're really smart, you tell them, puts, put fudge in the bottom and
on the top.
You know what I mean?
Oh yeah.
Mm.
Oil prices.
Thank you again, Mr. President.
We can't thank you enough.
You butcher, you murderer, you lunatic, you maniac.
You dumb-bo.
You scumbag.
Oil prices broke through a new infuri-day high of $102 a barrel today.
It's a slight of a new West-dollar fountain vestuers to pump more money and energy futures
as they head against in place.
Did you hear that as a slight of a new West-dollar?
Thank you for that strong U.S. dollar to Mr. President.
Let me turn on the gambling channel here now, Power Lunch.
How many forces in a fact?
Oil.
It was almost in $180.
And any change?
Does that sound correct?
Mark it's up though.
I don't know that study either.
I think it'd be interesting to see what difference is now.
That's the gambling channel by the way.
The euro is 151 and a quarter.
151 and a quarter against the West-dollar.
The euro.
Oh my freaking god.
Good god almighty.
And that connect dollar started off again.
Just when it was down to about $97.98, Sincelok was going to start sliding back where
it belongs to about 65 cents, which would be sweet.
Instead of that, it's like a buck.
Wow geez.
102.22.
We got a 2-2 there on the end of it.
102.22.
I wonder how Bishop 2-2 is doing.
That's what they got across the street.
If you add up all their morning in, that's in drive numbers.
They got a 2-2 across the street.
We never heard one more word about that.
Have you noticed that Sincel Feynberg bailed out?
Right.
Except for that Dennis Collins, that in tempered memo he put out, all of the people of QYM
are looking at their chops.
We have news for you.
We still don't have the great, same great programming in our same one shares and probably
at night a point like that.
Who are you kidding Dennis?
You thought the snooze cruises ran away until we have the ticket crew.
Take it to the best ticket.
This is your logic.
4.60 QYM.
Thanks for its leader.
This is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones of 2 hour.
6.60 QYM.
What you want?
Peaball I got it.
NOOT.
Sometimes my neck.
NOOT.
So you can spend it.
NOOT.
Check your mail for a little rebate.
A when you get home.
And out of it.
Hey people.
And I have phones.
And out of it.
By two.
Spend none of it.
Hey what?
This recession.
NOOT.
Don't worry about honey.
NOOT.
I'm giving you.
NOOT.
Some spending money.
NOOT.
All I want you to do for me is to spend every last hour of it.
Yeah.
People have a shopping spree.
Spend some.
That's what we'll watch our end of the year.
And out of it.
REB-AGE.
Pump up this economy.
REB-AGE.
Go buy plasma TV.
Hey.
A little rebate.
A little rebate.
A little rebate.
A little rebate.
A little rebate.
People have a lot of your tax rebates.
Spend none of it.
Don't get tired.
Don't get tired.
Keep on home by.
Spend none of it.
Just don't put it in the bank.
Don't keep on home by.
Spend none of it.
We.
102 at 560 WQM.
I'm excited.
I get it.
1 to 2.
I don't know about you.
But man, it's sure today it feels like we've been here a hundred hours.
I don't know why.
I think it's Greg's fault.
No, it's not Greg's fault.
Greg is sitting there doing a fine job of not doing too much.
You know, pushing the button.
At least he admits he likes ice cream.
Whoever heard of somebody doesn't like ice cream.
Nobody, you're making things up.
Why don't you just make anything up?
I know.
Okay.
You do anyway.
He'll straight.
Yeah.
George is gay.
You wish.
No, I know I do not.
Hey, we're just making things up, right?
Did I ever say I did like that?
I did one, boy.
I'm not obsessed like you are.
So I don't sit there and, uh, you know, compare Brad.
I am.
There are few things in the neighborhood.
I can take it away, but it's good.
And if I miss it, oh well.
96 votes on the new pool.
That's not bad.
The best ice cream brand, Ben and Jerry's 35, Briar's 17,
Bashard Robbins 11, Cold Stone Creamery is moving into fourth.
I told you.
They're climbing slowly, baby.
They got seven.
Now you never had it, right?
I might have.
Now that I think about it, but I don't remember when.
Well, what does that mean?
You might have.
If you would have had it, you would have never been in there.
Well, then maybe I did.
Greg, you ever had it?
I have.
I actually like their cake batter ice cream.
It's very good.
That's the one that they outlawed, the one that they banned.
For a while, but it's back.
Oh, it is back without the botulism.
Well, that's good.
At least as far as I know, it's been good to me so far.
Oh, is this another one of these priest?
Oh, my god, something don't send me anymore of these for a week.
Oh, okay.
Always from the same people have said,
I mean, these are all good stories and it proves a point.
Well, what, what, what, what, what's the point?
I can read a thousand of these every day about child molesting priest.
And talk about a one note, Charlie or John says,
Hi, Neil, I, I could send you one of these every day until you retire.
It says, yeah, that's right.
That's the point.
Although, maybe there's something in here.
Oh, yes, there is.
See?
Jeez, I just cut it in half.
I just, I just, I'll put it back on the day.
Huh?
I will.
But I got to make sure I got the right page.
I apologize to whoever sent this.
This is a good one.
No, I mean, it's not good, but it's just, it's got a little more spicy,
a little more spicy to it, you know what I mean?
Two new John Doe lawsuits filed Monday led to Kansas City presexual abuse children decades ago.
For the first time accusations that were raised against James Lawbaugh,
who left the priesthood 39 years ago,
a lawsuit contests he, he, he, I don't have the right page with the right page.
A lawsuit contends him molesting, you're going to have to send these again.
All right, come right out.
I don't, I don't think so.
I don't think it's my fault.
I think it's, it just is illiterate.
A lawsuit contends him molesting the boy,
you rolled back, I don't know, didn't make any sense.
Send it again.
Sorry.
It's coming.
Sorry.
It's my fault for getting emotional before we do that last note,
because it's so enthusiastic about sending this to me,
and I rip it in half.
What kind of a bastard am I, huh?
What kind?
Yeah, that kind.
Old miserable fag.
And you want to know why?
Because my, the Camping Free Diet Pepsi bottle here on the floor,
it fell on the floor, okay?
What's your, all you knock it over, you want to knock my chair?
And the cap was on, not 100% tight.
Okay.
I'm not only did like some of it fizz out, you know,
under the cap, like in the NFL,
you have to have something good under the cap.
Oh my God, and a bunch of it was on the floor,
I had to go get a towel.
I had a mad it up there.
The only good thing is I got good carpeting here,
thanks God for that.
Oh.
What a mess.
What a lunatic.
What I mean here, but everything's under control now.
And what were you saying, then, to go that was full of crap
about ice cream again?
Oh, I said that I can take it or leave it.
No, no, but cool stone cream, you have to go in there,
I guess, I've never been inside of one.
Uh-huh.
And it's like, you know, like some places they put on a show
when you go in, and they crush up the,
they mush up the different stuff into the,
there's a show.
They have like a face flavor.
Do you want to dance?
No.
Like, face drum?
Yeah, like a face drum, right?
And they bang on it.
Slowly.
Here comes that facts again.
Two new John Doe lawsuits filed Monday,
a lids of Kansas City priest, sexually abused children
decades ago.
For the first time, accusations are raised against James
LaBoi who left the priesthood 39 years ago.
A lawsuit contending Melissa D'Atene will back this
boy at St Vincent's Church at 31st Street in Florida in
1968.
That boy now, Fiddy, says the abuse happened in a short
of Catholic program for inner city youths during and after
the riots that followed Martin Luther King's junior
assassination.
LaBoi told the boy that Martin Luther King would have
finaled him himself, had he not been shot and that
LaBoi was simply carrying on Dr. King's works as well as
the work of Jesus.
God, reached by phone Monday, it is well managed Florida
home, LaBoi denied the allegations.
Nothing like that happened, he said.
The other lawsuit ledges that Thomas Reardon,
you should pardon the name, sexually abused a boy of
age 11 or 12, either 81 or 82.
It's St. Regis School in Kansas City.
This marks the 19th lawsuit filed against Reardon's
among the most sued priest in Missouri for such cases said
Rebecca Randall is the attorney who filed both suits on
Monday.
Reardon's denied all such allegations.
He said he didn't rear anybody.
Ever get rear-ended?
He declined his comment Monday as the term didn't return
calls for comment, it was a rhetorical question.
The Catholic diocese of Kansas City, St. Joseph also
is a defendant of the lawsuits which claimed negligence
supervision of the priests.
Rebecca summers Ada Osses and spokeswoman Reardon has
not worked as a priest since 1989.
She declined comment on the lawsuits.
The ongoing goal of the diocese is simple and clear,
who pledges to do everything possible to address past acts
of abuse and prevent the future, she said.
Lawball, after priesthood in 1969, he got married.
He was a member of the Vincentians in order of priests and brothers
who teach in universities and serve the poor through
parish work and social service agencies.
The Kansas City men who sued him agreed to speak with the
reporter on a condition's name not be used.
He said he grew up poor on a 13-shoulder in the black family
with two little food and clothing, and the month's
during and after the rise.
He and the siblings participated in a Catholic program that
included free lunches, occasional treats, he said.
Oh yeah, an occasional treat for the father.
Port Nou High Oprimary, they accused each other.
Lawball took him horseback riding, swimming into movies,
and oversaw them on the playground.
The abuse began when lawball walked in the swimming pool
with the little showers.
He told me that the Lord had gifted me with an overgrown penis,
and that he lawball was sent to the showers by Jesus
and self to clean my organ of the devil's doing.
Many times lawball would measure my penis for growth and length,
remembering when he was 12 years old, lawball stayed at the
boy that not made the Lord so and had a wee wee the same length
and is at that age, the man said.
They don't have one the same length as their age.
Oh my God, I can't imagine what happened when we got to be 16.
The lawsuit alleges that at some point lawball began
abusing the boy sexually with abuse lasting about a year.
Lawball behaved as though the abuse was normal to law suit,
says and suggested he was providing spiritual counseling,
comfort, mentoring, and advice to the plaintiff.
Not many 12-year-olds had a wee wee with the same length as their age.
God.
John Dose says they're not.
Not long after when he started using drugs and alcohol
developed lifelong substance abuse problems,
that sent him to prison and helped him end two marriages.
He said he saw Randall's name in a newspaper article
about pre-sex abuse and decided to tell somebody for the first time what happened.
Lawball says he doesn't remember the program the plaintiff describes.
I never, never abused a child at all, he said.
After marrying lawball had two sons and an amateur's degree of business,
he said he worked in jobs that involved Boston Community Action Programs,
Massachusetts vocational education work and sales,
before moving to Florida and care for his aging parents.
John Dose is asking for other victims to come forward.
Lawball said there's nothing I'm like conscious to cause me to worry.
Wow, I like that.
You got it?
I'm looking for something.
Oh, here it goes.
I like the wee wee.
That's what he said.
I'm going to take you while then.
What?
If you're looking for something.
Yeah, sometimes in my case.
It's kind of string about it.
You won't lose it.
Or it's high up belt or like in the summer of 1942.
It wasn't summer of 1942.
It was the class of 1944, something like that.
What?
It was the sequel to the summer of 1942 with Gary Grimes.
What happened to Grimey?
He disappeared.
I don't know.
Squirmy.
Maybe he died.
No.
He died?
I don't know.
He died?
I don't believe that.
Gary Grimes.
Google him.
You're going to Google it?
Yeah.
I'll Google it.
I'll Google it.
It was the summer of 1942, heavily.
Getting back to this.
How did I get into Russia on this?
Oil prices broke through a new, in-suit day, high of $1200 a barrel today.
As a slide in the US dollar prompted investors to pump more money and energy, futures, as they
had against inflation.
There you go.
Great news.
$1200 a barrel for oil and a sliding American dollar in the tank, in the toilet.
The dollar sank to the...
The Dollar.
Gary Grimes, they hit it with five shots, and he's still alive.
And it was Jennifer O'Neil.
You told you. You ever see that movie?
Maybe. I don't know.
The good movie. It's cute. And Sam.
Oh great. I'll miss it then.
And he gets laid. I'll miss it.
The dollar is saying to a record low against the Euro after the release of three disheartening US economic reports to a day that show the economy is slowing as prices for consumer goods rise.
The dollar is decline prompted investors to see because safe haven from turmoil in the financial markets and the threat of inflation.
Crude is cracked through the hundred dollar level again. That's pretty crude all right.
And that's driven by financial investors moving money into commodities markets at Victor's Shum and energy analysts with proven and guts in Singapore with gervin and puts.
The US dollar weakened against the Euro and the economic data also indicated inflation in the US rose in January and commodities are generally considered a hedge against inflation.
Shum said we are therefore seeing these strong prices that really have a little to do with oil market fundamentals.
Little to do with fundamentals but when you go to fill up with gas and they say okay, send over your golden retriever and your palm rain and your three kids and your house you're going to say I don't want them.
And they're going to say too bad. No gas.
Gas here. See with me. I don't I don't know. You know, I mean I'm not a price shop or anyway when you got a few bucks which I will have through the rest of this year and then after that.
After this year then Georgia is going to start lowering me some money.
I got to take care of you though. That's right. Don't worry about it.
Don't worry Joe Bell and all the all the guys all the goymen to be they're going to take care of all of us forever.
What are you snickering about?
Coach, still on his moving in the third it just hopped over a bastard robin and there's that Danny Gargigan. Get out the hand.
Get out the hand.
The best talent you know is now.
Now I'm going to ask you for a five sixty QAM.
Think fourth leader.
Have you been abused in the workplace ranked more screwed?
Place your career in my silky smooth hands.
Hello, this is Norma Kent for the law or a facet of norma Kent.
If you need me to conduct business on your behalf, let me explore for you.
It may take up to 13 months for me to explore but I will explore for you.
Call 1-800. There's so many men to explore.
That's 1-800. Maybe I should not schedule syndication meetings for Christmas Day.
If your cell phone does not work because you're in California, call 1-800.
I want you to keep Neil hostage to South Florida.
Call now and you will receive a free cell phone one that works almost as good as born.
Nice a lot Norma. Hello, a job maybe 1118 and five.
I'm a cell phone. His name is Stacey.
60 W.Q.A.M. Myron Cope. His real name is Myron Sidney Cuppelman.
An American sports journalist radio personality and sports broadcaster.
Best known for being the voice of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
But then again he wasn't he never did play by play.
How could he be the voice of the Steelers when he was the color commentary guy?
I mean you wouldn't say Jim Mandage.
How's that?
As much as we love him on a broadcast. He wouldn't say he's the voice of the dolphins would you?
Well I wouldn't.
No, neither would the Greg. I hope.
No. That would be Jimmy Suffolow.
Jimmy Cipyllis, right?
In fact I can't remember who the Steelers announcer was at this point but then he was very good.
I can't remember his name but Myron Cope was the color commentator guy.
He was the color commentator for the Steelers Radio Broadcast for 35 years.
known for his distinctive nasally voice, idiosyncratic speech pattern,
a Pittsburgh Jewish accent and level of excitement really exhibited in the broadcast booth.
Cope's most notable catch phrase was,
Yoay Woy, not Oye, Yoay Woy.
To this point Cope was the only American football commentator inducted in the National Radio Hollow fame.
His autobiography, Double Yoay was published in 2002,
or the second edition published in 2006.
How do you like that? He died today.
Dead.
Wikipedia's on top of it baby. It's got today is his death date.
He did.
You're not depressed? Me?
Yeah. Never heard of the man.
What is that all about? Woy's Brandon hockey me about that fraternity guy call.
What do you want Brandon the Fred guy called? Yeah, what about it? He wants to be playing like that.
I don't know, kill a lot of good time.
What? That fraternity guy called?
Almost five minutes long.
I'm running naked on the beach in that crowd.
Oh, that says a lot about Brandon.
Yeah, I guess so.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing? I'm doing okay.
Well, you know, I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned.
And they just wanted to ask if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends or?
What does that mean?
Well, it means what does that have to do with this?
It has to do with everybody best friends.
Okay. It has to do with the fraternity.
And not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and what not that goes on.
But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
I have two best friends. One is straight, one is gay.
I've never had sex with either one of them. I've never seen either one of them naked.
Nor have any desire to do either one of the above.
Okay. In the fraternity.
Don't take showers with them. Don't step towels at them.
All right. In the fraternity house, we don't socialize by fucking showers together.
If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class, he goes in the shower as well.
Okay.
A question of socializing in the shower.
Well, I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities.
We're talking about hazing and initiations of fraternity and group sex.
I'll tell you about hazing and initiation.
When you're in the age of adolescence, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college,
whatever it may college may be, fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you.
What I say like you, I mean they like to say, they play the same sports.
They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason, I can't explain why,
become your good friends for life.
Now, when you have a good friend, and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend,
or someone who's a good friend of yours, you share experiences with them.
And part of becoming sexual experiences?
No, well, it could be. It could be two guys on a girl.
It could be two girls on two guys.
It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls.
The experience, sexual or non-sexuals, they're relevant.
No one knows what it's not. It's not irrelevant at all.
Of course, it is not.
When you're in a fraternity, your goals are to make friends.
Because you have a best friend, or a bunch of good friends, doesn't mean a,
that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time.
And b, certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them.
Or can I ask you to have a group sex with them?
You know, some of the high belongs to a health club, and in the health club that I belong to,
it's a completely heterosexual health club.
But the shower is a shower with six stalls on it.
Now do you think that I have to come part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go to the club?
I have no idea. Only you can answer that question.
But that's not the only thing I'm doing.
I will tend to miss there are plenty of guys who do, but that's the side of the point.
That's the side of the point. Me personally, I do not.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity, even health clubs.
I do not go and join a fraternity.
Don't sound offensive, we believe you, yeah.
The point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex and whatnot is not a question.
What is the point of group sex?
The point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming a full-fledged woman.
What is the point of making that all over?
What is the point of making the young kids get naked?
I'll tell you what it is.
I'll tell you, I'll give you a great forward answer.
Please, let's bring it to the long, when you belong to a fraternity.
And I'll say it again, you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life.
And why is that required of getting naked for you?
Let me finish. Part of the experience of having a best friend,
whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with,
or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with,
if you share intimate moments, not sexual moments.
Not sexual, when I think intimate, I don't mean sexual.
I mean, intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who is not your friend.
For example, you know something, this sounds so faggy to me that even I'm embarrassed for you, sir.
Sounds very faggy to me.
Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys,
you're never going to share that experience with anybody else that you're wearing in your wife or your kids.
Are there any other friends that you think you're wearing in your wife?
Why would you want to run through the beach naked with a bunch of guys?
Why do you want to do that?
Hold on, hazing is not a question of you wanting.
You don't have a choice.
Right. Right.
And why do you want to force these kids to be naked?
Why do they always have to take their clothes off?
My closet friend.
That hangs out at the showers at the gym. Why don't you tell me the real story here, Pat?
I don't every day experience, people do not have an opportunity to walk around naked in order they speak to you.
Stop out of the game.
Stop on the couch screen. Stop with the theme and the theme bath.
Okay. Let's get back to the meat of the matter.
Tell me why you want to see it make these guys get naked.
What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect.
Respect for what?
No, it's a matter of lack of respect for them by you.
It's a matter of lack of respect.
If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to degrade themselves and embarrass and humiliate themselves in order to be part of my club.
If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys, who says that?
I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this.
Without any more discussion, it's very simple.
A child could tell you if somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend, I'll pass.
There's a good message for all you kids out there.
If any other male, your age, older, whatever, is, if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked,
hanky, panky, in order to be a part of their club, in order to be your buddy, in order to be their pal, run like a bandit, run like a son of a bitch.
That's the best call I've ever had in my life.
What biggest name is the best out of two of his knowledge?
42562AM
The sports leader
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
I've got a call here. The number one rated in the Moihar, the day when he's shown.
At least according to my aspirations.
Stay away from me. I don't even know how you have children.
Bear about, hello.
Yes, I want your take on J. Bieber.
Oh, J. Bieber is a great court of icon of good juice.
I like J. Bieber.
Well, not to mention, he's got extraordinary, never-ly smooth pit pups.
Oh, yeah!
Did you have to be careful with your safety?
Oh, give it up. Thank you, ma'am.
No, no, wait a minute. It's all gold.
But I have nothing else to say.
How about this? I was the weather down there in the mirror, ma'am.
I'm right down the street from you.
I have to go.
Oh, wait. By the way, something.
No, no, I have to go.
Look, I tell you what. I'll hold you all the way up right.
How's that? I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts.
How's that?
No, wait, that's the only color we have.
The fumes on your nose is blowing again.
It's all gold, gold, gold, gold.
It's all gold, gold, gold, gold.
It's all gold, gold, gold.
It's all gold, gold, gold, gold.
Wow!
You got things with you, babe.
I can always ask you, babe.
And around those losing pimples,
you call my, yeah, yeah, yeah.
If you go look, it's up here at your feet.
A road half a pizzeria.
You got your heavy sun.
Way to die, die, die, die.
Wow!
My nose glows when something stays.
Almost every day I take.
And my veins are saying they start to tickle.
I had to know it, and it was your door, your door.
Yeah, I look like a flower, a bird.
That's what's all gold, 20-year-old bird.
The little stepspeel, the poodle, babe.
And you get to start to fly.
You got to watch the sea.
And say it's kind of the same way.
I know that I'm leaving poodle, babe.
I'm going to cry, baby.
I'm going to cry, baby.
I'm going to cry, baby.
Oh, well, we sure miss those days.
We'll never be kept in those glory days.
You know what?
Yep.
You don't think?
I was missing a mug just yesterday.
Who was the more minister?
That's right, playing one of those bits.
Pine him.
Well, we climb him.
Wine him and pine him.
Chervy was wine and you were pine.
133 a.m., boy, that's stand things almost over with.
I'm serious.
Once in a great while, you'll do a show, and it'll fly by like ten minutes.
Like, yeah, like that.
And other days, you do a show and you sit down and say, I don't know what it is.
Is it me?
Is it the phase of the moon?
Is it, I don't know.
Maybe the fact that it's a hundred below zero.
Let me see whether or not it's above minus ten yet.
Before I decide to go out for lunch.
Minus twelve, it's worse than it was before to load my minus twenty.
Minus twelve and the wind is whipping.
A windshill of minus infinity, I think.
Oh, my God.
What's this all about?
You know what it's called?
What?
Winter.
Not good.
Nice good.
Yeah, that whole, that call, it may not have been the best call of all time, but it's here in the top five.
Talk about rationalizing.
Running naked on the beach with your fraternity place.
It is a great, great call.
Running naked on the beach with your franck brothers.
Right, I was just talking about a guy trying to rationalize.
Very, very gay behavior.
Okay, believe me, I know all about gay behavior.
Right, one of the few things that we agree on is that straight men don't contrive of ways to get other guys to take their clothes off.
Right, that's correct.
That is absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
He's in, he's in his year.
We're for a factory, that's true.
Speaking of that, police are investigating another possible hate crime against a gay person.
After man was beaten outside of popular city diner and tormented anti-gay slurs in for louder dail.
The newest case is spread for among four louder dail's gay community in the city that prides itself on being gay friendly to attract tourism.
The city made national news and gay media last week with the murderer of Sydney William is Jr.
a 17-year-old killed in the 1,000 block of sister-unfabinum.
It was found shot Friday morning, moments after witnesses heard an argument between him and two men.
Police are investigating the cases of possible hate crime.
Oh, there was a shooting somewhere and they took it out.
I guess it wasn't important enough.
Tennessee and I'm not in school, but like somewhere, a mass shooting.
That's America for you, baby.
Crazy people with guns.
I would all mess with our guns.
Less than 24 hours later for a lot of the resident Melbourne Bronner was beaten outside of Floridian, 24-hour diner,
by a man who shot at anti-gay slurs at him and his partner.
The pair were eating breakfast around 3.30 a.m.
when the man walked up and began shouting at the two according to a police report.
At one point, the man made a violent motion with his hands saying,
this is how I break faggot's necks the report said.
Bronner and his partner left the diner, but the man followed and blocked him from getting into his car.
He punched me in the face, I hit the sidewalk, Bronner said Tuesday.
The man took off his T-shirt, covered his license plate, and fled after threatening Bronner's partner.
Police are looking for a sage green, four-door Toyota to come a pickup truck with a big cover in the road bar.
The truck was likely a 2002 or similar year model.
Bronner went to the hospital, acted as a tech, was also treated on Tuesday for severe bruises and marks around both eyes.
He said no permanent damage was done, but he worries about his safety.
I think it's horribly dangerous.
He said not just for gay people, but for straight people too.
Sergeant Frank Susie spoke to the police department, said the two crimes are thought to be unrelated.
He said the city is a safe place for gays, and it has few cases in which they've been targeted.
It's not an issue however, where we're ready to address any of all their concerns Susie said,
it's an anomaly, they're not something we encounter frequently.
I wonder what Mayor Jim Nauril will think about that, huh?
Police probably go on like that. See the Lord done it, it was the Lord's doing.
Am I right? But she is.
The gay community is rallied since the murder of Williamson has planned a vigil for the slain team tomorrow on the corner where he was shot.
The attack on Bronner is deep and furious.
It'll make me look over my shoulder more often, said Wayman Hudson, Oakland Park resident activist who is gay.
It takes away sense of safety in our community.
Community leaders in activists say the incidents reinforce the fear of an underlying and deep-rooted homophobia.
This couple was beaten up on Las Olas in front of a famously gay friend of the eatery said Straton Politzer,
South Florida director of Equality Florida National Geography Group.
As long as there's an ocean that is socially acceptable to insult harassed, be to even kill gay people,
we can never take our safety for granted no matter who we are.
Bronner and activists say that comments by Mayor Jim Nauril last year condemning gays as promiscuous and unhappy may have created an environment which attacks on gays are accepted.
I kind of blame him for what was going on, Bronner said, when times get bad you gotta find somebody to blame.
Nauril was vacationing in Viminyan too, they can be reached for comment despite a message left with his assistant and emailed his personal address.
Good old Mayor Nauril.
Remember when the Kenny and Volt Morning Show they were sucking his butt?
I sure do.
Remember that?
Yeah I do.
And Kenny was going on about, oh Jim Nauril loves gay people, haha, Florida the more they agree with.
They love them with their flaming as an on fire.
Yeah.
The Kenny and Volt Morning Show, boy you talk about abortion even the right to life people were protesting outside our building.
That show was such an abortion.
The Kenny and Volt Morning Show.
And by the way, whatever happened to Volt Camera, we don't have him on much anymore, thank God.
Is he gone?
I don't know.
He's gone, huh?
I don't know.
What about a Greg?
I think they're using him primarily during football season, but I really have no idea.
Haha, oh.
Okay, I'm not going to press you to say anything else.
I'm not going to make you, I don't want to put you in an uncomfortable position.
Okay, because there's a lot of things that you probably would like to say, but you know something, sometimes better left unsaid.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
He knows what I mean.
Just like for example, we got the D.A. Show coming up the next because jerks is unawaited to where?
Unawaited San Jose?
Los Angeles for the Lakers games tomorrow.
Well, yeah, I was close.
So the D.A. Show is going to be filling in for a jersey today between two and four of men that you might even want to listen to that.
Certainly got to be a big improvement.
I mean, 163 votes on a pool.
The best ice cream brand is Ben and Jerry's 53.
And once upon a time I would have agreed wholeheartedly, man, when they made good ice cream before they sold a joint and started making crap.
Briar is 27.
I don't know if I've had Briar's in a long time, but doesn't Briar's make like a lot of those, I know Nestle's make score.
We're going to put Nestle's on there.
I mean, Nestle's make ice cream.
I'll put it on there.
Put it on there right away if not sooner. Nestle's score.
Nestle's score is a mess.
What? Nestle's score is a mess.
You better know your ice cream, Mr.
You better know what you said.
Hogan.16, Cold Stone Creamy is moved up into the top five with 15, Basterdrobbins 13.
Now the damn thing wrong with Basterdrobbins men, they make good ice cream.
Publish 11, good dives 6, very queen 5.
If they ever start making real ice cream, I might agree.
Carvella 4, same thing.
Dubbar 3, Starbucks 3, E.D.'s Dreamery 3, regular plain old E.D.'s 3, and Seal Test, Solimentate Una.
What I'm going to get next is the best challenge, you don't miss a new project.
4905.
62008.
I think fourths later.
Mackinon, this is Joe Boehm on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
The E.D. True Hollywood story.
Amy Moynihan started young.
The E.D. is very clear that it's a bit like to drink.
I was like rolling home drunk every night.
A damaging video of Amy appeared on the internet.
The footage showed Amy a party hint.
4 hours.
Generalist weren't the only ones who took notice.
Holy crap!
I got hit by that.
The E. True Hollywood story.
Okay, I'm 45 a.k.a. man.
It's almost over today.
A 14,000 hour marathon.
It feels like, I don't know, maybe just me.
It could be me.
How do you feel?
I feel fine.
Well good.
What about you, Greg?
You feel like we've been on too long today?
It feels like it's been a good time.
It feels what?
It's been good.
Look at this poll suggestion.
Who has yourselves that serves the best coffee?
Oh my God!
Starbucks, Dunkin' Donuts, McDonald's, Denys, or I don't drink coffee.
I don't want to.
I don't drink coffee.
I can't.
It's bust my guts open.
So Scott, on our Myspace sends me an email.
And he says,
What are your friends?
This has been said.
I saw enough of that schmittered FAU when I was there 20 years ago.
Alpha-Epsilon Pie, the Jewish fraternity, was trying to like crazy to give me the joy and I kept hearing them down.
Then they started giving me crap because I was seeing an on Jewish girl who was now my wife.
Later when they took over the FAU paper wire was one of the editors.
I was forced out for not being an Alpha-Epsilon Pie member.
It's buying your friends and letting them decide for you who you associate with, who you can marry,
then glad I kept telling them to show them.
Nice going, Scott!
We're glad too.
How do you like that?
All right.
Ferturnities are where you buy your friends.
Plastic.
The term, Plastic A-hole comes to mind.
I'm not saying that everybody was having a fraternity, but that whole thing about, wow, I'm rushing, you know, rush this.
You know what I'm saying?
The rush into the shower.
That's what the rushin' do.
All right.
To run naked on the beach.
You know, the more you think about that, the less.
You don't have to think about it long.
The less you can deal with it, I mean, it's just the concept of it. It's so idiotic.
Oh, there's just, you'll never have that same feeling with anybody else in your life.
Well, I sure hope not.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, in your case.
I'm feeling a grotesque embarrassment.
Yeah, I can just me see myself going right now going out running on naked on Lake Ontario, right?
I'm sure of Lake Ontario in the middle of July.
I guess something I wish it wasn't middle of July.
Minus 12. Can you believe it?
I believe it.
What is this? I know it's called winter time.
Okay, I just, I don't like it.
I don't mind it if it's like mild and it's like, you know, minus two plus one.
A little, you know, a little moderation there.
Too much of a real winter this year.
Now, you chose to be that that's right.
You know, something, it could be minus infinity and it's still rather be here than you know where.
You know where?
Where? Over there you are, right now.
Where you're sitting right now.
In that sheer sheer.
176 votes on a pool.
Nestleys don't have any.
I mean, I don't know if Nestleys makes like a whole line of flavors, but they make, they make a lot of those candy ice creams, candy bar ice creams.
Like score.
Sure.
And like turtle.
Uh-huh.
And like M&Ms.
Yeah.
Does Nestleys make M&Ms?
Or Hershey's.
Nestle, I think Nestle.
I think Nestleys does.
Let's do another candy show.
Oh, yeah.
They hate those.
I don't understand why.
Why are they so hostile about that?
You get hostile because I am bivalent about ice cream.
See, most people are end-divalent about people.
They're not about candy though.
Almost people end-divalent about that.
It's like it's good, but we aren't obsessed like some of you addicts are.
Yeah.
You understand?
Like some other things.
I am.
Some of us can take or leave cocaine and some people are addicted.
Yeah.
Oh, you know something?
Up until the last few years, I've never been able to understand that whole thing about addiction, you know?
Right.
And now I do.
Sure.
Like yesterday, I was like under the weather in a horrible day and I had to go get ice cream, man.
That's the only thing that put my brain in ease for a few hours.
Yeah, I'll bet you don't have cold sense of teeth.
What?
What's in a great while I do, but usually not.
Well, I bet you don't have them regularly all the time, like all your life.
No.
Well, guess what?
You do?
Yeah.
Well, too bad.
Whatever.
He has decided how they're going to synapse him.
Are they trying to?
Why are we supposed to care about this?
Bobby cuts murder trial.
Do you care about it?
No.
CNN's obsessed with this, man.
Obsessed.
Breaking news.
Well, you know, it's something other than news.
The Atlanta Georgia area.
We've been telling you that a lot of this, who's going to run in the general election?
Who's going to be the nominee in the Democratic party?
It's going to be decided by super delegates.
Well, John Lewis is a congressman here in Georgia.
And we are hearing from our affiliate, WSB, that John Lewis has now switched his support
from Senator Hillary Clinton to Senator Barack Obama.
We're working to get our affiliate on the phone.
Yeah, get your affiliate on the phone.
And let us know when you really know, OK?
Better be put a boop bit about.
Reporting on concerns over Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama's safety on the campaign trail,
Fox News completed an egg salad attack on a secret service agent, Obama's sometimes over-eager fans,
and the assassinations of civil rights leaders in the 60s.
Barack Obama's got a lot of big fans, but one woman went a bit too far, sending his secret service detail into action,
Fox's Martha McCollum said on Monday.
She went on to recap a story of a Texas State capital employee who became frustrated at a secret service agent,
who would allow her to return to her office when Obama spoke at the Capitol Friday.
There's no indication that the woman, 40-70-year-old Tracy Furshing, was an Obama supporter,
nor that she was seen as a threat to the candidate.
According to the Austin American statesman, the affidavit said Furshing told the secret service officer
you're going to have to arrest me and attempt to go past him.
Sanders grabbed her by the arm to turn around when she chewed a plastic bowl of egg salad at him
and stuck him in the face with a bowl of the affidavit said,
doesn't say what the egg salad was good enough.
I wasn't with the convoy with the mustard and pickles or the white...
Oh, egg salad.
Oh, horrible.
You like that stuff?
Yeah.
No, come on.
No, come on.
If it's good, it's good.
So you like a whole bunch of things like that you've never even tried or that you've...
I've only seen it.
I don't like eggs.
There's more than one kind of...
I love omelets, but I like eating them already.
It already tastes like eggs.
It's like an egg salad.
There's more than one kind.
Fox's McCullough interviewed a house-so-homelined security committee chairman Benny Thompson about the secret services
decision to provide or buy them with security protection or even his campaign.
Sometimes weirdos come out of Thompson,
say if they did or it's anybody else wanting to do harm to him, he'd be protected.
During the interview in which McCullough and invoked assassinations as civil rights leaders,
Fox showed the role of African-American demonstrators, things sprayed with fire hoses as they fought for equal rights.
Oh my god, it's just...
Yeah, one Barack Obama fan went too far.
She was even exiled at the Secret Service guy.
So says Fox fake news, okay.
Anybody with a half a brain?
No.
Buy in Fox fake news.
No, of course not.
Do you think he got egg on his foot?
Trailer tracks are sitting there with their little area with their little tinfoil area on the roof
in their trailer watching Fox News.
Which is pretty interesting, this Fox is a cable channel.
I guess they'll end in a lot of markets like there, it's Channel 7, right?
All right.
Channel 7 is Fox News and how appropriate, by the way, Fox and Historical Channel 7.
A merge made in purgatory.
Even now that historical Ricky Tiki Sanchez is on CNN,
good place for him by the way, excellent place.
Good choice, Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
180 on the pool, our second pool today, what was the other one about?
I forget.
Few previous.
It was about the, oh yeah, NAND coder and Rush Limbaugh.
The best ice cream brand is not flavor now.
I'm not going to do that flavor one again, because Vanilla will win again and I'll get all depressed and jump off the balcony.
Yeah, that'll be amazing.
Ben and Jerry's 57, Briar's 32, Hognondas 19, cold stone creamries doing nicely 17.
Not as popular as I thought, probably a lot of people never even ate there.
But like you, you never had it.
Right, I might have, but I forgot.
Astrid Robbins 13, Publix 12, Good Davas 6, Dairy Queen 5, Carvelle 5, E.D.'s Dreamery 4,
Plain Old Regular Pedestrian E.D.'s got four, Doug Barthree, Starbucks 3,
Seal Test 1, and Nestleys finally went on there and it's got the big, like that none.
Nestleys.
Nestleys makes some good crap.
Yep, I'll send you some.
No, it's not.
I don't need that.
I'll send you some.
Oh wait a minute, hold on.
That was my operator error.
Well, the job there by Greg, hang on.
Hey, nothing's easy with this.
Nothing to do here.
I didn't do this spot.
Do it.
It's day high in Miami town.
Like a puppy you'd have 5, 6, 0, WQA.
Breaking Sport Hold You, is that?
We are the Rebus Program.
You want to hear.
Or something that only a few sick offense, sport, holds and management are interested in.
Melvin Coach Cam Tamkin, Hackhammering, John Duncan, Kanghammering, Swazie.
Is holding a press conference now in progress.
We'll just have to work harder and give it 100%.
I'll take question.
I've got a question.
You know your strength.
Why do you always answer the same way?
Oh, but to do not pour.
I didn't like that question.
Oh.
I'll rephrase it.
Hey, what are you doing here?
I'm with Kent State Security now.
You're more on the move.
I got to ask you a question.
Okay, why are all Sport Holds done in dog do?
Oh, that point's low.
I didn't like that question either.
Oh.
What, is that book you're holding?
No.
Let me see that.
Sport Hold Guide to Fantasy dating.
I'll take this.
That's mine.
No.
Not anymore, ain't?
No.
No, spread.
Ow.
Ow.
Ow.
Stop it now.
Ow.
Ow.
Don't taste me, mo.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
Put it there, John.
Ow.
I got the taste of now.
I got the taste of now.
I got the taste of now.
I got the taste of now.
I got the taste of now.
Get that taste up back.
Oh, my heart.
My heart.
My heart.
My, my, my.
The biggest name.
The best caliber.
And you're full from Miami, Dolphins football.
Oh, my god.
560 WQAM.
I am the Lord Mother-Dead
The Ego
Thank you
What's solid?!
