The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the new Rosenstein friends. Oh my god. What a suck-up artist here
It's Daft advertisers for agencies
Here we want to his country
The best talent
Greetings and a special and solid year
My name is WQAM, I am a Ford Lutterdale
When you make a 20 million bucks a year off of them, you think you'll soon ask you're going to kiss their ads
560 WQAM presents the Neil Rodger show, to talk to Neil, Donald Trump.
... smells like a suck-up, fashionable estate and pr just
Big and neat, so new international market. It's not worth saying, let's say it Cred gratifies
Me in to paying at five as Ninjaárias
Francie Fire Society.
collections on i5
WQAM.
What a fuck up job that was.
Just tell me what your problem is.
Real American A-hole.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. I supported the wrong candidate.
And now I'm screwed guy.
Mr. I supported the...
What the hell happened?
Didn't the rest of the country get the emails?
Obama's the most dangerous to ate some never-cars!
You haven't been this mortified since you had to painstakingly peel the Michael DeCocca sticker of your cake-art.
Don't forget your journey for all like one is now.
How could Barack Obama possibly have been elected president after all?
He's a...
He's a...
A smoker.
It's true that you got him now.
Sure.
You knew deep down that Sarah Palem was horribly misqualified.
But you don't care.
She was in your spank bank and that Cougar makes you roar.
You betcha!
Now you're gonna be stuck with better healthcare.
The war will end.
And that annoying gay couple down the street are gonna get hitched like a knocked-up teen in Wastilla Alaska.
You fool.
So we salute you.
Mr. I supported the wrong candidate and now I'm screwed guy.
You're recently depleted Stockport Polio.
Your Fox News Channel coffee mug and your guns.
You are a real American A-hole.
Well you know, Kellyn Winflough is one of my clients too and he just played one hell of a game on.
And all those rumors about that big fat coach.
I mean, I'll just a bunch of crap.
And through Rosenhouse man, a cancer on his radio station or cancer.
How can you say that?
Really easily.
See ordinarily I don't pay any attention but this morning you came in a few minutes later than usual.
And I said here and I listened to what I thought to myself.
What kind of chaserai is this?
I mean this guy represents all these people.
What's the point of asking him questions about them?
Is he gonna say anything negative when he's making millions of bucks off of their salary?
Of course not.
The same people saying the same crap and we get accused here of being stale.
Oh my god.
But anyway, thanks to Alex Marvets and Drew Rosenhouse and Steen and yesterday what's his name?
Jerk Jerk Street.
Thanks to all of them for coming on and saying the same old crap.
God sports talk is the devil.
It's the devil.
I can just see the devil with his pitchfork and his big nasty tail.
Oh, good God.
And you know who the devil is, Joe Bell.
He built that wall of football.
I'm going to start it.
Hell.
Starting it to today we got 85 hours of football.
We got Hurricanes Game Day special with the big O2 instead of the regular just the plain old pedestrian big O show.
We got Hurricanes Game Day special.
Hurricanes Game Day special.
We know that.
330 Hurricanes Game Day for four hours before our pregame show for college football game.
Just an infomnia.
730 it's you eminvergine attack.
No worries that game, Fato.
Here.
Oh.
And then 11 o'clock to one in the morning Hurricanes extra point.
Hurricanes what's the point?
Well that would be bad if they lost that game right there in the Dolphin Stadium.
Wouldn't that be bad?
Nope.
Now I'm not asking you I'm asking Mr. Mr. Football there.
Mr. Wall of Football.
Oh, it's a wall of the bad.
Mr. Wall of Dead Meat.
Huh?
Well Mike says if you took all the indiscretions that politicians make for all the dollar-eat theft, gay trists,
what do you think the ratio of Republican to Democrat would be about five Republicans for every one Democrat?
Oh, there are a bunch of crooks Mike.
Come on.
No one is probably happier about Obama's being elected than Limbaugh and Hannity.
They get to go from trying to justify the stupid policies of their party to fall on attacking of every move or made or a word said by Democrats in power.
Their negativity and hate they spew will certainly be appealing to the listeners they have.
Watch their rating sources Mike.
What do you watch him?
That's the best I can do is sit back and watch the rate.
And by the way, was it Rachel Maddow on night before last?
I think it was when I tried to display the watcher with that pasty face in Omeka.
He showed a clip of Limbaugh on the year from my guest Wednesday from the day after the election last week.
Or whatever the hell day it was.
Just like a madman talk about popping pills my gun and his arms are flailing and he's, oh, we're going to build a coalition.
And all the right issues for women and men and men and his arms.
Did you see it?
Yeah, like he was going to fly away.
Yeah, exactly like a lunatic like a maniac like Renfield with more animation.
God talk about losing it.
Oh, here's one from the fake Adam Kirchner.
What time is the free game show on I heard Josie and Don Bailey, Don Bailey Jr. are ripped up into a frenzy.
Are you going to watch the game?
No, I have a dentist appointment.
Well, that's right. The game is tonight. I'll find something to do.
It's embarrassing. They don't come close to filling that stadium.
You can play Ma Zhong in the stands.
Why does Joe Rose get all the sponsors on the station?
Can you sing headquarter to it a jingle like the old meathead can?
No, I can't. That's why he gets him.
You feel like you've brought from the factory.
Headquarter to the hotel.
I love those guys.
I'm not doing it on Joe.
I just don't like the way he sucks these guys asked.
These Drew Rosenhouse and all these other professional butt kisses.
My God.
Maybe it tastes good.
I mean, he won't once in a while.
Like back in the day when we had the worst team member and they used to rip Brian Marie or Bill Torrey and ask.
And you know, they would really lay into some of these guys.
Now they bring these guys on like the poster children for ass sucking.
Good. God.
Drew Rosenhouse.
I mean, anybody, anybody even as agent that would come on and defend Jeremy Shaki has got to be just have no, no scruples at all.
But then again, agents are all pretty much as horrors that that's what they're all about.
Guess who died?
We got a dead guy.
Mitch Mitchell.
Who?
Oh, you're supposed to be the expert on these guys.
Mitch Mitchell, drummer for the legendary Jimmy Hendrix experience of the 60s.
And the group's last surviving member was found in his hotel room early Wednesday.
He was 61.
You know how many members of the Jimmy Hendrix experience I can name?
Jimmy Hendrix.
There you go.
Well, Mitch Mitchell now.
Not in five minutes.
How about Johnny Mitchell?
Yes.
How about Mitch Lewis?
How about him?
Mitchell was a probably.
Oh, and by the way, Lucas, I'm not reading your crap anymore.
You can send him 50 times or 100 times.
It doesn't make any difference how many times you keep sending him.
And by the way, I guess you send so much crap and so many lies.
You forgot that in your first email few days ago, you were thanking us for getting you off the religious kick.
And now he's sending me quotes from the scriptures and all this other crap.
Just another right-wing lunatic.
Go away, Lucas.
I'm not reading any of your crap anymore.
Just delete, delete, delete, delete, delete.
Mitchell was a powerful force on the Hendrix fans 1967 debut album.
Are you experienced as well as the trio's albums, electric ladyland and axis bold as love?
He had an explosive drumming style that can be heard in hard-charging songs such as Fire and Magdacresian.
Oh, you've had to play a little bit of Fire by Jimmy Hendrix.
Come on Fire?
Huh?
By Jimmy Hendrix.
The Jimmy Hendrix experience.
Had a song called Fire?
Yeah.
Well, who did Fire?
If it wasn't?
Oh, the mad World of Arthur Brown or something.
Oh, that's right. That's the one I'm thinking of. Yeah.
And they're banging again. Do you hear that?
No.
Nothing stands next to your fire.
The crazy World of Arthur Brown style.
By the God of Hellfire.
I love them.
And I bring you Fire.
Yeah.
I'll bring you to burn.
I like it too.
The Englishman had been drumming for the Experience Hendrix tour which performed Friday in Portland.
It was the last stop on the West Coast part of the tour.
Hendrix died in 1970.
Base player, Noel Redding died in 2003.
There's another name for you from the Jimmy Hendrix experience.
You know what the Jimmy Hendrix experience really is?
I get it.
Oh.
And employee at Portland's Benson Hotel called police after discovering Mitchell's body.
He's dead.
61.
He apparently died of natural causes.
Well, that's pretty old 61.
He died of natural causes.
What the hell does that mean?
Huh?
I don't know.
In the interview last month with the Boston Herald Mitchell city met Hendrix in this sleazy little club.
We did some Chuck Berry and took it from there until the newspaper I suppose it worked.
Well, they did Chuck Berry.
Not something I would look forward to.
Maryland says and I had several other these we discussed it before the show, but you know what?
Have to acknowledge it on the year.
Oh, there's Chris Dodd looking really pasty.
The amount to just a fraction of the approximately five trillion dollars taxpayer dollars that have been put at risk.
Yeah, where's all that money going, Hank Paulson?
We don't have to tell you.
Oh, that's right.
Well, we got to trust them.
That's to you.
They're almost as honest as Drew Rosin and Cran Swartz.
Maryland Cox says I had to go out yesterday.
So I missed a show.
And I tried to get on the archives.
All I got was noise.
If this can be remedied, I'd be eternally grateful.
Signed a long time newly from WKAT days.
Maryland.
Thanks, Maryland.
And I had several other emails saying the same thing.
Something screwed up with the archives.
Maybe you can confabulate with Eric about that and get it straight now.
These people are getting really pissed off.
Oh, you know, I just heard what he just appeared about 15 minutes ago from.
Who did Eric?
Yeah.
Well, he's got the new poll up there.
So I guess he figures he's got his job done for the day.
Or maybe he's taking a gigantic dump.
I don't know.
Do you see who the Obama puppy's going to be?
No.
No.
A Peruvian hairless.
Got a picture of it here too.
Looks a little like tiny.
Tiny with no hair.
Big ears.
I guess maybe Obama wanted something with big ears to match, you know?
Sure.
I don't know that he's got big ears.
He's got funny ears.
They're big.
They say they're big.
They stick out is what they did.
How about his ears?
Yeah.
The National Dog Fits, the hyper-wellogenic job description of the Obama's have written for
the first puppy, the Peruvian hairless dog, a bald and often toothless breed that is
one of the hearts of in-can kings.
What is that?
In-can.
Oh, in-can.
In-can-can.
Oh.
As In-can-dinco do.
Is Peru's offering for President-elect Barack Obama's worldwide search for the perfect
dog?
Owners say the breed which traces its origins to 3,000 years ago, a piker perhaps by
Greyhound standards.
How long Greyhound has been around?
I don't know.
Is perfect for kids who are sensitive to dogs.
They don't cause any type of allergy or very friendly and sweet according to Claudia Galvez,
director of the Friends of the Peruvian Hairless Dog Association.
Friends of the Peruvian Hairless Dog Association, wow.
There are all these associations and organizations that are just astonishing to me.
But you know something that keeps probably a lot of people off the streets.
Just like Fat Chris there, you know.
He's got a job where they're not paying him any money.
They treat him like garbage.
He's got to work today until about, I don't know, one in the morning or something.
So he won't be with us tomorrow.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to have to call him in September.
I'll let George and Flea do this show.
Hey, no.
What?
Slut it.
Hey, no, hey, no.
That was what's simply read.
Don't dream it's over.
Don't dream it's over.
Hey, no, I like to start to simply read.
Is it?
No, yeah.
I think that's Crowded House.
Crowded House, I'm sorry.
You're right.
You're right.
And when you're right, you're right.
The Dow's up 13 points.
Yeah, there is.
Crowded House.
920 Chavots on the pole, we'll get to it.
I don't like that one.
Maybe I'll change it soon.
Although we'll get to a thousand pretty soon.
Won't we, Fatso?
Yep.
How are you going to be doing tomorrow?
Sleeping?
Why do I have the first two breaks crossed out here already?
Cross the rest of them out.
Let's go home.
That sounds like a plan.
The biggest name.
The best house.
It is no more projects.
Fort like the 560 QAM.
Naked.
Fourth leader.
No portion of this program may be reproduced
if I'll be expressed written permission of WQAM,
the broadcast group incorporated.
It's grabbed my junior, honey.
Joe is days I've done.
Joe is days I've done.
Bill Marshall is his son.
The show just ain't no fun.
So what does Carabin prove?
I think Joey is gonna do.
He tried a smile we can give.
And now we're crying out in pain.
The cravings are refreshing.
No wonder we directed his bad and crawler way.
Yeah.
Joe is got a gun.
Joe is got a gun.
Neil can't help this one.
Baby, your days are done.
What is it gonna do?
It's baby, your days are true.
He tried a smile we can give.
And now we're crying out in pain.
The cravings are refreshing.
No wonder we directed his bad and crawler way.
One way.
One way.
From the pain.
Here's.
One way.
One way.
From the pain.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ten eighteen at five sixty WQM.
Happy Thursday too.
Today we got our Neil deal.
We got Schuylers at noon.
Well underway.
Yeah.
That's gonna be real treat.
Those are gonna go real fast.
Last week, Trappaker Lakers went in about 30 seconds.
And it wouldn't surprise me if Schuylers did too.
So get poised to be ready at noon to a make a deal.
The reason I play that joy bit is because I got a two page.
I probably from Joey himself from the facklery king.
Yeah.
And it's a puff piece about Joey and about his career
and about how he's so brilliant and one of the most creative people in the business.
His immensely popular memoir let your smile be your umbrella.
But don't get a mouthful of rain.
Highlight some and just some of his outrageous exploits and adventures of his career.
And it goes on and on.
Oh my god.
Maybe Joey is the facklery king and fake whole bunch of these other people do you think?
Oh Joey wouldn't be doing that.
He's got a busy career up there in New York at W.O.R.
Yeah.
Good for him.
Loser.
I mean just he had loser branded all of his forehead.
Remember those days I'm sure you do.
Remember Bill Marshall running the board because Joey couldn't even turn his own microphone on.
And then here's Jeff who's obviously a big Panthers fan.
He can't get the score to the game right but nevertheless he says the Panthers looked like a real hockey club last night.
Three nothing shut out over the lightning.
The score was four nothing by the way Jeff.
I don't want to like P on your parade.
Maybe turn it off early.
That could be it.
Did you see that pretty boy bearing Melrose behind the Tampa bench?
He looks like Jacqueline Smith and Charlie's Angels.
No I didn't see Barry the fairy because I didn't watch the game.
I didn't even realize they were playing last night.
Nor do I care Barry.
Nor do I care whether it was three nothing for nothing or whatever.
But I see Craig Anderson played in goal again last night.
If they were smart which they're not they'd play him.
He'd be the number one.
No.
What?
No.
No.
What do you know about it?
He's good number two.
Well what are your hockey expert all of a sudden?
No.
But I do watch it.
Who's the goalie for the Maple Leafs?
Who cares?
Oh yeah who cares no answer.
Hockey if I don't care about it.
And it's twice the goalie that Thomas Valkoon will ever be.
But nevertheless.
Oh here's young young young young.
One of our very favorite e-mailers.
Keep those e-mails coming in.
Neil at NeilRodgers.com.
Let's have a million e-mails today.
What do you say?
What do you think?
Do it.
In fact here's one from Rob.
What's your take on the Canes?
Man the hurricane's effing blow is what he says.
I agree I second that emotion.
I don't know and I don't care.
I don't care.
We can have 400 days and 6,000 hours of hurricane pregame and game day.
And this and it's still a bunch of crap.
It's the Canes man.
It's the Canes.
Joe Z and the Beast and Clarence and Don Bailey Jr.
I'm more interested in Jack Bailey from Vernon Downs.
With those orange and blue silks.
That's something how you remember drivers by.
And that's one thing about Thoroughb right now harness racing is that they both done a horrendous job over the years.
See people can relate to horses only when they're like superstars or horses, you know, like secretariat or niatrons, like that.
Am I right?
War emblem.
Yeah.
I can relate to it.
What is with you today?
What's the food?
God.
What the hell died and crawled up into his intestines besides the only Joe?
Wow.
But the jockey's and the drivers, these are the personalities.
People relate to people.
When it comes to sports, people want to know who the people are.
What they look like, what they're all about, what they're story is.
People want to know people.
Not animals.
Anyway, Yug Yug Yug says, I know you're not down here.
Thank God.
Thank God.
So you know what's the local news?
Thank God for that too.
One of the channels I think CBS 4 was covering the Republican Governor's Convention at the Intercontinental Hotel in downtown Miami.
showed footage of Wolf Blitzkrieg bringing his Yiddish Yamama to meet Sarah Palin before he interviewed her for CNN.
My Yiddish Yamama, wave wave, Wolf Blitzkrieg is such a Zionist lunatic.
You're a maniac.
Wolf, get him off the air now.
And then as if that isn't bad enough before Wolf every afternoon, we're treated to Ricky Tiki Sanchez on CNN.
Hi, prevent leading.
But you know what?
I don't call up CNN.
I don't send them emails.
I don't scream.
Oh, get him off the air.
When I see Ricky Tiki Sanchez, my remote control magically makes this TV go to some other channel.
Yeah, every single time.
Because I know exactly what I'm going to get.
And I don't like it.
And instead of just screaming, screaming, there's a full moon last night.
You like it?
No, there's a full moon last night.
I know it was a sit under it.
Were you?
You were what under it?
Oh, sitting under it, smoking a cigar drink and a whiskey and listening to music.
I got my headphones, yeah.
You weren't smoking a cigar.
That was one of those cigar-nie-weaver cigars.
Trust me.
It was a Monte Cristo.
What's the name of that movie again?
Oh, yeah.
Imaginary Heroes?
Yes.
Is that it?
Why is it that movie so much?
But I can never think of the name of it.
It's one of those things.
It's a little bit gay.
But even you liked it a lot.
It was good.
It wasn't a two gay.
It wasn't over the top.
No, that wasn't really the name.
I mean, thrust of the movie.
No, no.
It was a somewhat good functional family.
It was a functional family.
I'm not gay.
You are, man.
No, me.
No, that's right.
Maybe you are, but not me.
In fact, I saw Amal Hirsch.
I didn't see the movie, but I saw like a preview for something he's in now.
He really, they really butched him up.
I'll tell you.
He isn't that little pansy out that he wasn't at movie.
They butched him up big time.
What was that movie he was in with that roller-ranked crap?
No, the racer was in the roller-ranked crap.
Speed racer, yeah.
Whatever the hell it was, I don't know.
Do you think I really watched that?
No.
But you know, when you're clicking on it, I just didn't see it.
No, I didn't.
You didn't see it?
No.
Yeah, he looked kind of human in there too.
Amal Hirsch.
No relation to Sonny, by the way.
But we missed Sonny Hirsch.
How come he died so young?
And how come our good friend?
What's his name, died so young too, from the hero?
What the hell was his name, Bill Cosford?
There he goes.
I know what his name was.
Call me with a mouthful of steak.
Oh, good.
What do you got?
I got a nice filet.
Ooh.
It's as thick as your torso.
And it'll melt in your mouth already as...
Shula's, this is Shula's steak too, right?
No, Shula's...
Shula's...
Of the original Shula's.
The real deal, the big deal, though.
The real deal?
Right.
In Miami Lakes.
Anyway, that's what we got at noon.
The reason I'm giving extra plugs, not only because they brought the food in,
but because the log is all screwed up for a change, because we got...
A.D. Owens their hurricanes.
That's what's important, you better get your peas in order.
Oh, there's that bitch.
The shill, those pair of warriors.
You know something?
I'm gonna start Bustin TV, so I can't take it anymore.
I just can't take it.
All the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time, all the time.
Back in the limelight.
Don't be like, he's back in the limelight, because you Greyrovers, you lunatics,
keep sticking her stupid ugly ass on the air.
Let's see if I miss...
Yeah, MSNBC's got her too.
They're impaling with some paling.
Oh, God.
You know what I'm gonna do?
In honor of you, because you said, yeah, yesterday, here we go.
What?
Where's the audio?
I'll put it on spedish soap operas.
Oh, it says no audio.
They're doing us a favor, because the anxious vix-stofers calling the races at Hollywood Park,
because Trevor Denman had a run-in with the owner of the track,
and they will let him call the races at Hollywood Park,
so they've got the obnoxious vix-stofer there,
who makes the hell of a frozen lasagne.
What biggest name?
The best talent.
No physical logic.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
We did Morning's 7-10.
Where's that 4-4-4-4?
Always matters.
Always matters.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
Thanks for checking the wicked.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The chicken.
Neil God.
Oh, WQ-L.
Where the bag is.
Okay.
How about you, Cassidy?
Good bye.
John McCain.
Impact your cheeks in gold land.
How big do you have in high-dish much bond
since the Hanoi jail?
With the bamboos livers in your nails?
Every hit causes the neoconigender failed.
Fox needs to hire new riders.
That stroke of genius you had will be picked.
Shops that go on.
Coppin' on the maverick.
Your campaign's ready.
I'm glad we won't hear again.
My friend, my friend, my friend.
Hey, hey, my friend.
Now you know that you ain't silly got no friends.
My friend.
You go home, you go look your home.
In a car from a fleet.
A minister and a hyzer and a ma.
Dumb your yellow and soak your teeth.
Welcome.
I pray.
1032, look at that.
There are plotting Sarah.
And guess who's in the crowd there?
I think I'm in his conference right there.
I'm by where you are at.
Guess who's there with white hair in a real screaming queen?
Chris Charlie, I limp risk Chris.
Where George go?
I'm right here.
He beat me to it.
I was actually putting my, uh, my steak at the microwave for a minute.
Putting your mascara on your meat.
He did that cut.
It was so huge.
That was up 81 points.
It looks like a real selling experience opportunity.
936 votes on fact Chris is pulled.
We're going to have a thousand and four shakes of a lamb's tail.
Oh, now there is a saying.
Did we ever discuss that one before?
Two shakes of a lamb's tail?
I'm sure if you looked it up.
What kind of a stupid expression is that?
First of all, who shakes a lamb's tail?
I guess beside a lamb.
Me?
You do?
Just this morning.
What is the most tedious personal hygiene routine for you?
That's our poll question.
936 votes.
When we get to a thousand, we're switching over to another one of Charlie B's stellar polls.
Shaving my face, 366.
I don't know why I shaved this morning.
I did a pretty decent job.
Two shakes of a lamb's tail.
Flossing 102.
Well, I'm going to go get my teeth cleaned and get my, uh, sore tooth checked out this afternoon.
All right.
So I guess I better floss.
I don't like it in my teeth cleaned.
It's really annoying.
It takes a two damn long.
I got a great hygienist.
She does a great job, but it just takes two damn long.
And I know I was just there a couple months ago, but they keep calling me and telling me,
oh, it's time.
It's time.
I should tell her I just had my 66th birthday.
Believe me, I know it's time.
All right.
It's going to be soon enough.
It'll be time.
Wiping myself clean after a douce 93.
Shaving or trimming my pub 65.
How grotesque.
I got to shave my head by the way tonight.
Do you?
Yeah.
Have you noticed?
I don't know if they have them up there.
They have specific head shaving razors that have like little wheels on it and a little grip
that you can stick your finger through.
They're all the rage.
For what?
For shaving your head so that you don't have to, it's a revolutionary.
It's like a curved blade.
Head shaving device.
It's supposed to be great.
I'll send you a picture.
Well, what's wrong with the one I got?
It does a fine job.
These are specifically made for head shaving.
And it's supposed to do a really great job.
Look at the split.
Look at the split.
There we go with that again.
Waxing or shaving body here 59.
Clipping nails 44.
Brushing my teeth 33.
Tweezing here 28.
Cleaning the smegma for my foreskin.
Fifth 27.
That's the problem with the world baby.
Too much foreskin.
Ooh, trust me.
I've seen my eyes have seen the glory of the glory hole.
Emptying my Colossumay bag 26.
Bathing or showering 23.
Cleaning the length of my belly button for my pupic 15.
Cleaning out my ears 14.
Load drying my hair 10.
Dushing 10.
Oh, yeah, I hate that.
Waxing my hair 7.
Cleaning changing my tampon 6.
Coming or brushing my hair 5.
Gargling 3.
Gargling.
Do people still do that?
I guess I don't know.
When I was a little kid, you know, if you had a sore throat
or a coat or something, your mom would give you a listerine
and make you gargle.
You're like that.
You hated that.
And then of course you want to up-chalk in the middle of it
because that stuff, you're trying not to swallow it.
But then, but then you do.
Well, you try not to.
Let's see.
Oh, here's one from Rooney to Aiza Acosta.
Well, it's got nothing to do with me.
See, this is the thing that really cracks me up about these emails.
Is that when it says from so and so to somebody else
and my name or my email address is not there,
I just delete it right away.
Right.
I just deleted immediately if not sooner because obviously
it wasn't intended for me.
It's something somebody else sent to him or them or somebody
and now they're just forwarding it to me.
Well, screw that.
That was a 57.5 point.
Jack says, I hate to be a complainer.
Here we go with this again.
Oh, God.
Where?
Where?
Me.
I hate to be a complainer.
I wanted to address the issue with the archive.
I understand that you're making the archive available for free
on the website, but if you've, but I feel like if you,
meaning Eric, are going to do something,
you might as well do it right.
Is he gone or is he, did he come back?
He just calls that he's having computer problems
and should be back up in the compliments.
What are you talking about?
Eric called me here.
He said he's having a computer problem.
He should be back online and up again in a couple of minutes.
Well, when he's back online, tell him,
get that damn archive thing straight.
No, please.
Please.
When the whole archive thing started,
we had no problems.
Then the archive was cutting off last hour of the show.
Now the archive is impossible.
Listen to because of the static.
Again, you like, I hate to sound like a complainer.
Yeah, obviously.
But I don't see what's so difficult about putting a stream
up on a website correctly.
There are hundreds of websites including Paul and Ron's
and they're incompetent that manage to do this correctly.
What the hell have I got to do with it?
I think I speak for the majority of people
who rely on the archive to enjoy your show
and be more than willing to cough up a few bucks
to listen to the archive.
If Eric could get into work properly,
thanks, Neil. Have a great day.
Sign Jack.
Well, let me tell you, Jack.
I don't know what to tell you.
Like Joe Bell would say, I don't know what to tell you.
No matter what you ask Joe,
if it has to do with radio,
if it has to do with the show,
I don't know what to tell you, Neil.
Oh, I don't know what to tell you.
And that's the truth.
I'm not making that up.
I know what sounds totally incompetent and idiotic
and embarrassing and clueless.
But that's always was his kind of...
That's back in the day when I talked to him.
When he first showed up here,
and then I realized what an incredible waste of time.
I could be picking my nose or doing something fun now,
as opposed to wasting my time talking to fat ass Jolly Joe.
I will, I don't want to tell you, Neil.
No matter what the problem is,
we don't have enough paper clips.
I don't want to tell you, Neil.
Oh.
Oh, you know, when Bozo died,
the original Bozo the clown,
they had his replacement just ready made right there
in his orifice.
Haven't had any emails from the fake fat Christian today.
That's disappointing.
But Joey Reynolds promoting himself
wanted me to give him a big tuton.
Obviously, it's got to be him.
The fake Larry King, my ass.
Oh, here's one from George.
Me, George?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Excellent.
That's the hair cutting thing?
Oh, yeah.
The head blade, it's called.
It's got wheels.
Right.
And you just, you know, you, you know,
you put your finger through it,
you grab on it and you just zip, zip, zip.
It's one awards.
It's one all the kinds of, like, innovation awards.
Who do you get that?
I attached a link.
But I found, I've seen them in drug stores.
I've seen them in Walgreens and stuff.
Really?
A hedgehaver?
Correct.
Head blade, it's called.
The head blade.
Is that a sling blade?
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh.
Uh-uh.
20 to 11.
So how's the child?
What's the fact?
Kratabi, you know, you had a, uh,
T-bone steak.
I'm about to split a chocolate cake with Jesse.
A chocolate cake.
What a pig.
Oh, chocolate, uh, chocolate slice.
Whatever.
Slice a chocolate cake.
Yeah, I saw that.
A slice of chocolate cake.
Yep.
By the way, thanks to Rita, who sent me a nice birthday card
that I got in my package with the disks this week yesterday.
I mean, I realized it's a week ago.
But nevertheless, I just left the card.
Thanks Rita.
She's the one.
She says, who's got a wooden leg sale of pirate chip
and yells, oh, hey, V.
Long John Silverstein.
Have a happy birthday.
And then she got a nice, uh,
Oh, thanks Rita.
Nice Jewish lady Rita.
Not my relative Rita, but another Rita.
I don't hear from anybody I'm related to anymore.
And you know what?
That's okay with me.
Yeah.
That's okay with me.
Yeah, I have no relatives anymore.
I mean, I do, but they've written me off since I didn't attend
Mom's funeral, you know,
Yeah, it made me a real heart.
It's a bastard.
Yeah, you sent him a bitch.
You know, good heartless.
Yeah, I took good care of my while she was still alive.
See, that's what counts.
Bar her or condo.
What?
I'll be attending my mother's funeral.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, you'll be doing a dance.
I have.
I have.
I have.
You probably have your cast down to be squatting.
You'll probably take 40 bars of X-Laks.
I have party hats, uh, noise makers.
You know, these kinds of things.
Here we go.
Right here.
Haven't had any awards from a fake ring.
You've got yet about whether or not he got us in it serious yet.
What were you laughing about?
I'm serial.
Yeah.
20 B4 11 at 560 WQM.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Jim Manditch.
Afternoons.
4 to 7.
Oh.
4 to 8.
You'll 560 QAM.
The sports.
Leater.
You ain't the only.
Hey.
You're here.
You need to come on.
It's gone.
It's gone.
It's gone.
It's gone.
Ole brother.
Who's the champion?
My friend.
May I ask you a favor?
We won the E on the election in the end.
I go like that.
One easier holding.
We've won that you can have both.
The first one, McKeeley's the loser, Obama's now the nation.
President.
I don't want to step on any of the end of that.
At the 1045 at 560 WQM, we got all kinds of hurricane
cramps starting at two o'clock.
So if you're not a Keens fan, if you're not an overgrown child
and you probably want to listen somewhere else.
Seriously, at two o'clock, that's it for the rest of the day.
That's all we got the whole day.
What more do you want?
What more is there?
Where did you come up with Craig Anderson and all that crap fed Chris?
What was that all about? I'm War Admiral.
What do you know about Thomas Vokoon?
I really don't.
You don't.
I was giving you a hard time because I could.
Because you're just a fat dumbass.
That's why.
Say what?
What?
You heard what I said.
I think he suspended.
He can't come in tomorrow.
What do you say, George?
Sounds great.
Hey, I'm here.
I'm just walking over to the microwave real quick.
What are you new to now?
What are you new to now?
What are you new to now?
What are you new to now?
What are you new to now?
What are you new to now?
What are you new to now?
What are you new to now?
I don't care.
I love it, as a matter of fact.
I do too.
I love asparagus.
Now, how come you like asparagus but you don't like broccoli or cauliflower?
It's just one of those strange things.
What are you some kind of a goi?
I'm very discriminating when it comes to the vegetables.
Yeah, see, he discriminates.
I do.
I'm a vegetable bigot.
Ron sends me this about lamstail.
Then it says, Kevin McCarthy wrote,
see, I don't understand that.
That's not Kevin McCarthy, the actor, is it?
Who?
Kevin McCarthy, the actor.
Who?
Never heard of his good buddies with what's his name, Marlon Brando?
Never heard of it.
Oh, you'd recognize Kevin McCarthy in Harvard.
When you get back to your seat,
Google him.
Google him.
Kevin McCarthy.
He was like in a zid in movies.
Good actor.
Anyways, as I've searched about 10 etymology books,
can't find the origin of three shakes of a lamstail.
Can you help?
I was so hoping I could find a really exotic origin for you.
It says, maybe something to do with a lamstail in the
American plant.
But as we have said so often,
much of what is written about the origins of phrases is pure
speculation.
More often than nothing can be found at all.
My own guess is the reason this is common.
This common, if somewhat old-fashioned saying fails to
appear in etymology books, is that it's probable sources of
the obvious literal one.
In a primarily agrarian society, lambs would have been a
common sight.
And using them to create a metaphor, promising quick action,
would have been natural.
Anyone who's seen lambs knows that they, like many other
animal babies, are full of energy.
We downright frisky.
Visualize those little tails constantly thrashing back and forth.
Two or three shakes of a lamstail wouldn't take long.
And the metaphor caught on.
The saying itself is usually, I'll be with you or I'll finish
it, et cetera, and two or three shakes or jerks of a lamstail.
I never heard jerks of a lamstail.
I've heard idiotic jerk.
Now, do you see Kevin McCarthy?
Yeah, yeah, I know that guy.
Wasn't he in like invading the body snatchers?
Something like that.
All those sci-fi movies.
He was a minute and a million movies.
He was good buddies with Marlon Brando.
And he also evidently was like some young teen idol or
something that before my time.
I don't know.
Was he a huge entry in IMDB?
Is there Kevin McCarthy?
200 movies.
Really?
Totally.
I know who that is.
I know who that is.
And up by name, what are those guys?
Is this picture there?
Yep.
You recognize them?
Yep.
The number of shakes referred to as very less than two or
more than three.
And the shakes may turn into jerks.
But the creature in the tail remained constant.
Like many other responses when we're asked to do something
instantly.
Responses like presently in a minute, soon in a little while
in a wink in an instant in a twinkling.
This is a useful verbal device to buy some time while
soothing and placating, whoever is putting on the
pressure.
The postpone is human to be forgiven and simply divine.
And then, well, what is all this got to do with anything?
Mm-hmm.
Coat potato.
Coat potato.
Coat potato.
Coat potato.
Coat potato.
Coat potato.
Coat potato.
Coat potato.
side of the teeth.
Yeah.
You have drink the
break up drink
with alcohol.
You don't even usually drink Audio atAnon drones and
it goes over to everyone.
Definitely it goes over to everyone.
Like the Awakening, I just wanted to give you an answer yourself.
Now what we already talked about, is thatерote means
You say that it's got an email address to respond to?
Yeah.
What?
Sorry, I'm getting cynical in my old age.
I'm going to respond.
All right.
I used to be gullible.
And now I'm cynical.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Open to offers.
Neil.
That's my response.
I mean, doesn't have the guy that claimed that he was talking to Dave Hagen and Dave Hagen
never heard of them.
Right.
So what's wrong with that?
It could be the real one.
Maybe he's a, oh, here's one from Greg, not Greg Reed though.
Good morning.
I've attached a link for a website that talks about origins of silly words.
You might find it interesting.
It's hosted by a hot Russian babe, Yadi Yadi.
And there is no link.
There's no attachment.
There's no nothing, which is fine because I won't open it anyway.
I don't want it.
I don't want links.
I don't want stories.
I don't want attachments.
I don't want people to say something.
Say something.
Good.
God.
Thirty three almost thirty four years in this time.
We're still waiting for somebody to say something.
And beside that old fart that called twice yesterday.
Why, which one with what that guy said, Dave, that you're sure you're older than your
boy.
Yeah.
Don't knock that guy.
That was a highlight of the show yesterday.
He was a great caller.
He would promise to call every day.
Might take some calls.
Here's one from Joe.
I was listening when I heard one of the A-hole callers blurted out what you, what you thought
was amily, but it sounded like anily, anily, which is cheap stock that the brokers
like to tell.
Analy.
Yeah.
That's most of the brokers.
Then it occurred to me that John Baugh and Tick-A-Bee are also stocks these course love.
What is this man talking about?
I think you may have a group of these six stockbrokers.
Schmuck's cranking your show.
Oh, yeah.
They're stock brokers.
These guys.
No, huh?
The one yesterday might even be the guy you had to sue to get back the money he lost.
And here's what I worked for a brokerage firm for a few months until I found out it was
just a boiler room and movies like Wall Street don't even begin to show how they preved
these troglowdites really are.
Recently, my 77 year old mother-in-law disclosed that her financial guy whom she's known for
years had 90% of her money in stock mutual funds, which are now down 50%.
How is it possible these guys continue to get away with this Schmidt to help my mother-in-law
and need to know the name of that lawyer?
Oh, no.
Forget about that.
Can't go into any of that on the air.
Signed, sealed, and delivered.
And what I got back by the way, you could stick in your shoe and have a good time of
a with-bind for about five minutes with.
One a couple hundred bucks of with-bind yesterday, a little pat on the eels back.
And you know what, what I wanted on?
Quick hit.
They got the wheel of fortune tamped down so tight, man, like a snare drum.
I'm still waiting for somebody to send me some inside slot secrets on our email, but I'm
not getting any.
I'm still waiting for Georgia's second book.
So I can hear in a row he sent me a book.
It's a curse.
And what's the excuse on this one?
I don't know.
The order went through.
I got the confirmation email from Amazon Canada again.
It's supposed to be shipped from New Jersey.
They took the money.
Yeah.
That's it.
I mean, I know that they on those progressive slots where they have a bunch of machines tied
together like a squeal of fortune at the woodmine.
They have programs they run.
I'm with a sophistication in computers today.
I'm positive.
And I'm so stupid.
I'll sit down and I'm saying to myself, I know these things are on like slow cook today.
They're on death program.
And I'll still sit there and play for a half an hour.
Hope like taking a mat.
What?
Hope and hoping for what?
That it will all of a sudden hit for you.
Yeah, we'll hope and hope that maybe all of a sudden they'll change the program while
I'm there and I'll get like 400 on the line or a spin for a thousand or something like
that.
I got a spin for a thousand last week.
Let's hear it from me.
Oh, big deal.
I got a spin for 10 million and then we're talking some serious cash.
Then they will fear me.
Steve says, I know you claim to have psychic powers, but last night while traveling in
the car, Jimmy Hendrix came on the radio while listening my 14 year old said, I wonder
who the drummer was for Jimmy.
Fast forward to today.
Now we all know who he was.
Is was was.
It says tonight I'm going to get him talking about Dick Cheney.
You never know.
Yeah, work on it, Steve.
See, a lot of people don't seem to understand.
It's only November 13.
We got more than two months to go before Obama takes office and already rush and Hannity
and all the other right wing lunatics are all it's his fault.
He destroyed the economy and his plans are going to destroy the crazy people.
Right.
What you saw that clip of rush, man, I mean, I know he's a nut job, but good God.
His arms were flapping.
I thought they were going to fly right off his armpits.
Crazy person.
I like this poll here from J.Y.
R.O.
Chronic 26.
What cosmetic procedures should need to get hair transplant, nose job, lip enlargement,
radio carotony, stomach stapling, chest hair removal, penis enlargement?
Oh, yeah.
Ain't this bleaching basic facelip.
Face lip.
I think that means lift.
I think that's what they're going for.
And Dupy I lift.
I don't have Dupy eyes.
Only person I can remember had Dupy.
Well, I'm sure there's some famous people have Dupy eyes, but Bob Lasseter was the only
person in this business.
I remember with Dupy eyelids.
He had fat on his, his eyelids were fat.
Rest in peace.
Remember did you meet Lasseter or what?
You were with us in Tampa?
Yes.
I can't recall because they excluded you so often.
Most of the time they excluded you're like in Chicago.
Oh, yeah.
I had a great time there if they just stuck around with us, but they said, oh, you're
going back.
That was a fun 23 hours there in Chicago.
The douse up eight points.
Nothing exciting.
Oh, here's one from Fat Chris Good.
Screw you, Neil is the heading.
And at the end, it says, die, Neil, die.
Can't wait till other break-ins.
Biggest name.
The best talent.
You're the new largest sport radio 560 QAM.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
Miami foot, laur dale.
This is the neo- Mr. Shell.
You're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're flying.
Any questions?
Luke Sharp.
Be sharp in a blue suit.
Are you a back slapping cocktail drink in NBA, told in middle-aged White Guy, get a blue suit and get a check?
Did you embezzle millions of dollars from a large corporation?
Get it, Shag!
Did you agree to contribute to destroying the US economy?
Get it, Shag!
Hey, Joker as you only hear from Billco's blue suit bailouts.
Take advantage of our great American culture
where middle-aged white guy that wear a blue suit are above the law.
Tall short or portally, we've got a blue suit tailored to fit.
Billco's blue suit bailouts wear a blue suit and get it, Shag!
Blue shark, peace shark, in a blue suit.
Oh, and I got updates from Greg to the fake Greg Vudelle.
Right.
It's printing right now, it's popping out.
Here's the one known from Fat Chris while we're waiting for the important stuff.
Hey, you better watch it, Mr. It just might be the real Greg Vudelle, but I sure doubt it.
Especially like you said, when he was sending me stuff about Dave Hagenwoods,
you don't even know him.
Have no contact Jeremy Coleman, senior VP talking entertainment programming at Sirius, you audio to you.
We also hear from Tennis Abyen, PD of Howard 100 and Howard 101.
Well, we'll wait in here, okay?
Norm has already had the meetings with Jeremy Coleman, senior VP from Sirius,
and they had less than no interest.
When they put some money on the table, that's when we'll get Sirius, okay?
Plus the other things are far worse anyways.
It's probably a fat boy in his boyfriend.
Fat Chris says, I'm not sure what you want me to say.
I hate you, Neil.
You continue to make fun of me for being a fat dumbass whose rectum is sore from jolly Joe pounding me unmercifully.
As I wasn't bad enough that you call me fat on a daily basis,
now I have to deal with these a holes going public about my sexual relationship with jolly Joe.
Is it so wrong for me to seek love and affection from another man?
Lord knows I can't find a woman to screw me.
I've tried to get with women most of my life.
Every woman I meet finds me fat and grotesque.
The last time I tried to have relations with a woman,
she shot me down and said I looked like a fat sweaty hog.
I also have this problem with odor.
I try to wash every orifice, but I just keep smelling like old salami.
I hate you, Neil.
One of these days I'm going to come up to Toronto to kill you.
You've ruined my life and my self-esteem.
It's because of you I need to seek love and affection from jolly Joe.
I may have a sweaty, pimply, bloody anus, but Joe seems to like it.
Also my vote for the poll is washing this spegma for my foreskin.
No matter how much I try to clean this spegma out, it just keeps coming back.
I think I'm going to make a foreskin spegma sandwich and make you eat it.
You fat gauge you, fat die you ahold, you've ruined my life.
Die, Neil, die, sign fat chris.
Little hostile today, chris.
Oh, are you talking to me?
I thought you were talking to the fake chris.
Oh, here's another one from the fake Larry King.
Can you explain why you're still a WQM?
It would have been exciting to have you back at WIOD.
You see yourself ending your career at WQM?
Do you really not have not interest in satellite radio?
Is my old friend Leicester still around?
I wonder if he means Leicester Greenshirt.
I don't know any other Leicester.
Fake Larry King, fake Greg BDL, fake this one, fake that one.
I sent the fake Greg BDL norm as a cell phone number, but I'm sure Jeremy's got it.
Oh, we're going to get Neil on serious next year.
You'll see we're going to get Neil man on serious.
That was up 19 points.
You think they're serious?
No.
No.
Oh, here's another Joe.
Okay, I'm going to print these out.
I don't like reading them off the amount of them.
Because then I get off Mike and it says, yeah, I don't know.
It's kind of like our archives.
The Eric ever we spot about the archives is he back on air or what?
Not yet.
Not yet.
Neil, I've been listening for years and years.
Just wanted to tell you that we have enjoyed you.
Take a poll on your vacation again to see if people want tapes or George.
Wish we could hear you Monday through Friday instead of Tuesday and Thursdays.
Love you and want to hear if you get this transmission.
Nick and sunrise.
Yeah, got your transmission to can sunrise.
Oh, here we go.
Who is Florida's most beloved gay person, pole suggestion from Gary?
Governor Chris Mark Foley, Maxwell Tots, Greg Stevens, which his name isn't Greg.
It's Craig, Brian Orkross, Adam the Module Lifeguard, Miss Kamal, and then he didn't even have me on there.
How do you like that?
Thanks, Gary.
It's the end of that poll.
I like that.
It leaves me off the gay pool.
It's one thing in school if they leave you off the May pool, but when they leave you off the gay pool,
that's a real shot in the Bracko Minus.
Another Joe says, at a time when we really needed someone to get us out of Bush's mess America,
came to their senses, elected Obama.
Now Sarah Palin dominates the news, the tiny, hardening of politics.
The fact that she made it to VP picks says we still have many problems.
Obviously the people who hold her up high haven't spain time on YouTube.
You...
You...
You...
Mitch Mitchell was a major influence on my drumming over the years.
He died way too early.
Speaking of you...
You...
You...
Eric's back.
Mitchell can be seen performing with John Lennon, Ron Wooden Keith Richards, and 68,
a great video until Yoko shows up.
Neil Taljurty better learn those drummers, Mr. The Song Fire has the lyrics,
let me stand next year fire.
That was also recorded by the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
There he is.
Keep giving Lawrence Rush Hale Neil, another Joe.
Now here's one about the slots, finally.
How many...
How many requests?
How many bigothons that I made before?
And I don't think this has got any real information.
Slot machine myths concerning hitting a jackpot.
I don't want myths, I want some inside information.
I want to know about those programs that they set up in a control room and master control.
Wouldn't you love one day to be...
Sneaked into master control in a casino?
That would be wonderful.
And you see how they manipulate the payoffs into machines, man, and...
Yeah, you'll do it.
No.
Because then they'd have to kill you.
Great.
Slot machine myths concerning hitting a jackpot.
How long it's been since the last jackpot, pressing the button versus pulling the lever of...
Oh yeah, I can't stand people that pull the lever, man.
And all these macho guys, they got to crowd these old, old guys.
Crank that lever so hard, the whole counter shakes, you know?
And you want to say, your plan gets to computer your jackass.
What do you think?
You're going to like change the outcome by cranking the lever, you idiot.
You jackass.
You ferry.
Whether your slot card is inserted, right?
That doesn't do nothing.
But you know something, if you got a slot card, put it in here.
Because then you get the points and most casino, I don't know about all the ones,
but it would buy them, they give you money back.
Depending on how much you play.
So if they're going to give you some money back, at least take that, right?
Right.
The day of the week or time of day, casinos don't constantly change returns.
Whether there's a convention in town, whether the coins are hot.
There are no coins anymore, whoever sent this.
Oh, slot myths from the dollar Schlotgoy, it says.
The dollar Schlotgoy.
Anything else you can think of?
The RNG selects the combination and that's it.
One casino patron asserted to me that a bank of machines was all on the same circuit.
And if you got some friends to play them all simultaneously, you'd win.
This has got to be the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
What does it even mean that the machines are on the same circuit?
The same electrical circuit?
Big deal.
If I put all the lamps in my house on the same circuit and turn them on simultaneously,
I'm not going to win money or summon the tooth fairy.
The RNG selects the symbols same as always.
Seattle, believe it.
Because if there's an equal chance every time you hit the button or make a play,
if there's an equal chance every time of hitting a jackpot,
then how come it is that all the machines on the progressive,
like there's 14 wheel of fortune machines off front it would buy?
And how come they all go cold at the same time?
And then all of a sudden, like maybe an hour or two later,
somebody at one end will hit 1,500 on the line, somebody at the other end,
maybe get 2,000 on the line, and then they go dead again for four or five hours.
Coincidence?
Yeah, likely.
Coincidence, my ass.
That is a question.
Coincidence, my ass.
And how about all these close misses, you know?
Right.
Five times red seven, and the other five times is in the upper or the lower.
You know what I mean?
You get three or four of those in a row.
See, the bottom line is they can do whatever they want.
Right, of course.
They can save whatever they want.
They can say they're doing this way, but there's nothing to stop them from doing whatever they want to do.
And by the way, JYRO26, not only are you a chronic an annoying,
but this thing about Rimmer is so stupid.
But Rimmer does a good job.
He's not great, but he's decent.
He has a decent job.
And that's such a lie there about, it's not even worth reading.
If we're going to get some emails, at least say something that makes some sense,
but they're all just hockey experts, just like Fat Boy there.
Yep.
We're just trying to be obnoxious and disgusting.
Which he doesn't have to make a big effort for that.
Well, here's the fake Greg Budell.
Things have changed post-merger.
Jeremy is interested in hearing from Norma, especially since your salary expectations may have changed.
Based on your drug contract with QAIM.
Here's a phone number.
Should I forward this to Norma?
Why not?
You believe it?
No.
I mean, anybody can have that number.
It doesn't really matter.
Correct. I have that number.
I'm forwarding.
I just forwarded to Norma, but of course he's been so out of the loop lately anyway.
What difference is it, Mike?
Okay, next.
That's it on the emails.
Very, very disappointing.
Yesterday, today, a week ago, Succus, not good.
And now that the elections over and they realize I don't want to keep hearing about Sarah Palin, did this?
And Sarah Palin said that, God, enough already with that crap.
It's like a side show.
Oh, it's like a disease.
It's like all of a sudden the whole media of Croft is disease.
They got nothing else going on.
The elections over was a landslide.
So now let's pump up Sarah.
God.
Yeah, stick a bicycle pump up her back.
Blow her up.
Okay.
Like what's his name?
What's the comic that does the blown up guy?
Tim, the Canadian guy that you hate.
Martin Short.
From a CTV.
That's old.
Jeremy, I know, but he still does that.
What's the name of that character, Jeremy Schmeckle?
I, I don't know.
You know what I'm talking about?
He's all like blowed up.
Oh, oh, Jimmie, click.
That's it.
Not to be confused with Larry Glick.
The Jimmie Glick.
Oh, my God.
Martin Short is dead.
Canada don't want to admit he's from here.
We don't know nothing about him.
And the same with Kiano Reeves.
Kiano Reeves kind of like, hey, although those are just rumors.
We don't know.
And quite frankly, who cares?
You care?
Nope.
Here's another one from Greg Vidal.
Also interested.
Scott Greenstein, president, entertainment and sports.
I'm going to mention your co-interest today.
Neil, I have to know you are serious.
Yeah, I'm serious.
I have to know you are serious.
What a joke.
I'm real serious, okay?
Call up Norma.
Call up somebody and leave me alone.
During the course I'm on the ear here during the show.
And he's allegedly negotiating him.
Oh, God.
Is that how it's done?
Sure.
With emails during the show, of course.
Sure.
What's his name?
The best talent.
He don't have email projects.
435-60.
Green wants me out of here so I can make a little for him to come in.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Neil, this is Noodles.
Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Hold on.
I'll have five pizza burger combos with a super sized diacolkin fries,
a new contract with a two-year extension and a dozen separately.
And an oily paper bag of griveness,
a gallon of pistachio,
a mit ice cream,
a industrial sized box of corn flakes,
a one-month membership,
a blue boy online,
and a quarter-sum-yong guy.
A cool cool sandwich on Pumpernico,
a line-flavored grisco fluffy,
a box of tripe tenders,
10 nearly burgers,
a bromo-seltzer,
and a pocketful America.
For now, yeah.
For now, yeah.
Is anyone Neil,
have you still had?
With the contract negotiation underway,
I should bring your attention to you.
Hey, it's worth a minute, Neil.
Hold on.
Excuse me.
Do you say, Trace?
I said, try.
Not to trace.
Try tenders.
Oh, I think you still have the free baseball cards
with a family lead.
Okay.
This is your best online.
1117, the fake-grade VDL
continues writing back and forth.
I'm just a consultant for these people.
I'm not there for employee.
I don't want to look stupid.
I already gave you the phone number for normal.
Okay.
If you're for real,
which I'm positive, you're not.
Go ahead and have all your contacts contact normal.
I'm ready.
I'm wide open.
I'm ready to walk out of here tomorrow.
Bye-bye, fat jolly, Joe.
As long as I got something else.
The chances of us going to serious
or accept on a scale of minus infinity,
non-existent,
somebody's having a good time.
How many fat boy?
Not our fat boy,
our former fat boy.
Walt says, you selfish bastard you.
Hey, Neil, if you weren't such a selfish bastard,
you would have canceled your show
without Hurricane pregame to begin at 10 a.m.
instead of the special 2 p.m. starting time, WB.
Good point, WB.
Yeah, it's me.
They would have said,
hey, you want to get off a 10 today and said,
oh, yeah, I could be a wood mine right now.
Plunge in my gut, so I'm one of those machines.
Now, here's, here's, you know,
you mentioned to me this morning,
you got the same thing from Gary,
Gary Goldbart in Orleans.
We hate you, Gary.
Don't you understand?
We don't like you.
You're annoying, and it's always,
oh, by the way, did the fat boy ever hear from Eric?
He said, he heard you.
Go ahead, read it.
Something changed about the stream again.
I'll look into it after the show.
What does that mean?
Something changed about the stream again.
I guess the bit rate of the stream.
Oh, God, everything was going so good,
and they keep poaching around with it.
They just won't leave it alone.
You're going to get irate about the bit rate.
People are starting to get really upset about it, Eric.
They're starting to get really flaky.
They're going to come and chase the engineering staff down.
9.95 on a pull run of 1,000.
Let me know when it gets to 1,000.
So we can get off of that one and get on to another crappy pull.
I mean, another really great pull.
Okay.
Yeah, the other Charlie B.
Pull, the one that's coming up pretty weak.
Anyway, here's Gary Goldbart in New Orleans, GG,
which I'm sure I've already blocked him once,
but he comes back with some other, I don't know.
And you've got the same one, right?
Yep.
Hey, Neil, despite your curse and irrational rants directed toward me.
No, they're not irrational.
They're very rational.
You're annoying.
You're annoying.
You're like a little kid.
M-m-m-m-m-m.
I'm still alive.
Well, you know what?
We don't care.
Here in Ray Naganville.
Since I'm a 25-year devoted fan and loyalist, I almost,
I certainly know you well enough to disregard your inventives toward me.
You think I'm a pain in the ass almost solely because I complain about the archives from time to time.
It's the only criticism I ever come up with.
But apparently it's resulted in you labeling me a whiner and wishing for demise, my demise.
Oh, well, anyway, as I'm sure you've already been informed,
the last two days shows were completely garbled on the archives,
a technical glitch, I guess.
I hope it's fixed soon because I'm in serious withdrawal from the show.
Also, since I'm such a whiner anyway,
they never fixed the archive problem that cuts out the last four minutes of the show every day for over a month.
Where?
Where?
Erick or someone responded that he would need five grand to pay for his time to fix the problem.
I guess no one there really gives a crap about those of us who have to work or live out of the area
and depending on the archive is 100% to a listen to the show.
Nobody cares.
What was I just talking about before I read this horrible email?
See, and I've had to explain it to people over the email too.
It's like, it's not that we don't care.
We would love everyone in the world to be able to get the show over.
We have no control over it.
And it doesn't show up on the rating.
So nobody is going to care here because it has nothing to do with our revenue stream, the internet stream.
I mean, they sell some spots here and there on it, but you know,
it's not a ratings thing.
So you're not going to get a whole lot of caring around here.
Oh, here's one from Stuart and Obstlauber.
Oh, again.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, yeah, I thought we got an email from him like a couple days ago.
Yesterday.
Oh, well, let me print it out.
And we'll see if it meets with your approval or not.
Anyway, getting back to finish up Gary's, of course, since he's so important.
One last thing, sort of related into the above.
How about a poll asking which cities your archivalist is hail from?
I know you can pull this info from your internet data yourself, but I'm sure your listeners will be entertained by knowing how far and wide your data listenership really is.
No, they would not.
And no matter what bullshit you throw at me, I'll always be a fan.
And forever indebted to you, for hundreds of hours of great entertainment over the years.
PS happy-related birthday.
Get that archive back up soon, Gigi.
Get the archive back up.
So you can be a fan all you want, but don't keep bugging us about something that we're working on and trying to fix.
You can send me 75,000 emails, winding the same crap, and it's not going to change anything.
It's not going to get affixed.
Gary and New Orleans.
Where?
Who obviously, you know, he's trying to tell us.
I have no line.
We know that.
The Dow's down 50 points.
Oh, boy.
J.Y.R.O. 26, Mr. Chronoke says a true slot tip.
Oh, yeah.
Only continue to play this same shot machine.
If it hits for something in average of at least every five spins.
If it hits for something, at least every five, don't keep feeding a cold slot, hoping it'll warm up as if I don't know that.
The longer you stay in any gambling activity, the greater the odds against you.
The casino's built in mathematical advantage takes effect.
You want to hit and run.
No kidding.
Is there a better hit and run artist than me?
Don't I always tell you about hit and two, three grand and running out the door?
Racing out the door.
Running out.
Flying out of there.
Moving like a maniac.
Like OJ through the Hertz counter.
Stuart and Obstlabry, your friend in the Lord says, how are you, Neil?
I'm not reading this.
Too much to be able to slubby.
Too slubby?
About Fat Chris's smigmy.
He says for an extra ten bucks, I'm willing to give Fat Chris a tongue bath and get that salami smell off of him.
He says if Chris is really nice to me, I'd be willing to let Jolly Joe watch.
This is a real offer, Chris.
I'm a real person.
Just be spawned if you're interested in my services.
Your friend in the Lord, Stuart and Obstlabry.
Actually, it's spelled Stuart and Obstlobry.
Can't even spell a right, Stewie.
God, fool me on Stewie.
Mrs. Struggle Tooth says, oh Cecilia, what would it take to get those fools who hate you but are obsessed with you to stop listening?
Would two weeks of straight nonstop talk about poop buttholes and wet farts do it probably not?
No.
Maybe hooking their testicles up to a car battery that's on every ten they turn the radio dial to five sixty between the hours of ten and two, that probably wouldn't do it either.
I bet half these guys sit around polishing their pickles to the side of your buttery voice, Neil.
Self-hating fags is what they must be.
Prozac Ron, Eddie, Johnbaugh Fag.
All these aoles who make taking calls impossible make me want to throw up in my mouth a little.
What kind of simple creature does it take to sit around listening to something that you hate?
Would you people sit and watch someone rape your mother or sister too?
Would you watch someone skin your favorite dog with a potato peeler?
It's massacistic and if those emails are real it's kind of scary actually.
It's so far beyond stupid that just thinking about the very concept makes me feel dumb.
Dumber.
By the way, you may not remember I'm the girl that the filthy guy threw poop on last weekend of the zoo.
Yeah, we remember.
I know you were doing audience was wondering if that son of a bitch was caught well.
He was not caught.
Stay away from the zoo everybody.
I love you Neil.
Don't go anywhere baby.
If you were straight I'd move the candidate and be your slave.
Thank you for providing me with awesome entertainment for the past ten years.
I started listening when I was fifteen.
We'll never stop.
You are the best.
Okay enough caps and enough kissing your ass.
Thank you though seriously.
You are great.
Thanks, Cecilia.
Enough caps is right.
Those capitol letters just they blind me.
Do they?
I wonder if we're going to get any more from the fake Greg Budelle.
No, oh here's JYRO again.
It's a pull idea.
I'm just leading it right away.
And we got a thousand votes.
Let's hear it a thousand on the pool.
Long live the pool.
Let's change it.
The biggest name.
The best out of people.
There's no projects.
Fort Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best out of people.
It's the big L.
Orlandy Wells who Gary.
Mornings five to seven.
Fort Radio 565 QAM.
Neal Sports.
Star.
Oh my god.
I can't stand that stuff.
I'm Chris Madgers from MSNBC.
Let's play hotball.
Today's the day.
All the insults and name collic staps.
It's very sad.
It's election day 2008.
Gotta get out there and vote.
I don't care who you vote for.
Obviously that's not true.
If you watch my program.
Of course they can't who you vote for.
Chickens know who I'm supporting.
I'm warning.
We're going to talk to people who just voted to find out if we can see who's going to be the next president of the United States.
Certainly tell me who you voted for.
Go ahead.
I can't tell you.
I want to know that you're ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Let me go.
I'm trying.
It's a sad light.
No, we're standing right next door.
Go ahead.
I'm waiting for it.
Go ahead.
Thank you very much.
And you can tell the people around pumped up.
And the election.
Gotta let it stand.
I'm waiting for it.
Next to me wearing a Sarah Palin button.
What the hell's wrong with you?
Go ahead.
Help me.
Go ahead.
Come on.
I'm waiting for it.
Sarah Palin button.
Go ahead.
You're a weak.
Get away from me.
Push back.
I'm eating nothing but sugar all day to make sure I lose my height.
I'm pumping out my raising cookies like they were crack.
I've only taken two packs and no dose.
And down two, four litre bottles of Joe Colour.
I can't feel anything.
Has no effect on me.
Truth be called.
I haven't slept since Halloween.
I've been playing cards with our Frank and Alex Balls with Bruce Breach Steen and John
Cook and Mel Camp.
I know John doesn't like to use all three names, but I can't remember what the call
of.
So I just love them all together.
We have a great time together.
Alex Balls will open up the hotel window and screams the F-Barm passing Republicans.
And then he sat down and ate a whole rhinoceros.
My friend's our Frank and seems a little depressed and despondent.
Doesn't think he's going to win his race for Senator and Minnesota.
Doesn't say people who like that are wrestling, governor Bruce Breach Steen.
Let me try his pants with the flag on the ass.
I couldn't get one cheek into him.
Get around this app at the city again talking to you.
I can understand why people hate to sound to my voice.
Disturbing.
I'm just mad.
Do something.
Something sweet.
That was great.
Wow.
The red is bits are sensationally.
Wow.
Okay.
Here's the deal.
First bowl is done.
Thousand votes.
Is that what you got, Tommy?
Yep.
What is the most tedious personal hygiene routine for you, shaving my face 387, flossing 110, and I'm
not going to read all the rest of them.
Oh, up to a thousand, two now.
Thousand and two.
All right.
A thousand, two.
What's the matter with you?
No more emails from the fake red view.
By the way, he's probably in heavy duty meetings with all those big shots there at Syria.
I can only imagine.
Hey, he's just a consultant.
Maybe he's giving Howard a sponge bath.
Yeah.
Diamond Davies says, I just about laughed myself to witness the gay and Florida poll is hysterical.
Add yourself to it and release the poll, please, Neil.
My vote is going to go to Maxwell Toss.
He's done just about every lifeguard in soft Florida.
There's no fags in lifeguard.
Oh, boring Dave.
Boring Dave.
Ponderous.
As soon as he put that on there, you know, it's one.
I don't read.
Yeah.
That name.
Anything with that name on it?
That's what it goes.
Maxwell Gartage deleted.
That's the faxes.
The calls, the lifeguards right here.
Since the first week of sitting in on the show, man, these guys, the lifeguards, the lifeless
lifeguards, lifeless guards.
How about gay lifeguards?
I'll start with the redundant.
We've done it.
Yeah.
14 votes on the new poll.
Looking back, what was the most mindless, stupid-ass waste of time you ever did or learned
in school writing, I will not blank over and over again on a board.
Three.
Diagramming sentences three.
Duck and cover drills two.
Pledging a lesion to the flag one.
Memorizing poems one.
Serving detention one.
Standing in the corner is punishment one.
I did that one time and it peed my pants.
I told it.
School prayer time one.
Dodge ball one.
None yet for achievement test that required filling in circles.
Show and tell.
Book reports.
Study hall.
Fire drills.
Or dissecting a frog.
How think we ever dissected a frog when I was in school?
I would have nest settled my now.
We dissected frogs and worms.
Oh no.
Why is that?
Just to be sadistic?
To show you how it's done.
Just to prepare you for working with fat ass jolly Joe and even then you're still not prepared.
Who could be?
So I guess we're all done with fake radio deal.
I reckon.
He's a consultant he says to that.
Yeah, yeah.
Serious station.
And he knows all the names of these people on serious.
So obviously it's you know some fake radio person like most of the stuff we get like the
Fakillary King and the fake all this all the fake all the time.
If it's good enough for what's his name for LeBasterd?
It's got a five share over there across the street with that horse ball show with Stu
Gotzana.
What is that?
Desperate.
An accused teenage killer appeared in Bradford courtroom this morning was formerly charges
as an adult with first of you murder and possession of a weapon at school.
T. at Wimblerley 15 allegedly shot her longtime friend Amanda Collette also 15 yesterday morning in a hallway
at Dillard High in Fort Lauderdale.
Collette, a bubbly dancer in the school's arts magnet program later died at Broward General Medical Center.
In a police report obtained by the Harold Wimblerley told a police officer a motive for a French shooting.
I wanted her to feel pain like me.
About a dozen members of Collette's family led by her mother Joyce Collette were in the courtroom to get a glimpse of Wimblerley.
Many in the group couldn't take their eyes off the girl once she was brought in the court staring intensely at her.
Wimblerley's grandfather and guardian John Wimblerley sat in the front row, shedding tears as he waited the teens appearance in Judge Elijah Wimblerley's courtroom.
Court deputies brought her in shackles and handcuffs.
While sitting in court today waiting the judge and state prosecutors the reality of the situation seemed to begin to set in on Wimblerley,
the teen buried her face in her hands and subtly shook her head as the judge took a seat and she was formally charged with murder.
Wimblerley's asked Wimblerley to remove her hands from her face and told the teen,
I need you to stay with me as he confirmed grounds for probable cause.
As court deputies led her away Wimblerley looked over her shoulder in the direction of her grandfather who was sitting in the corner.
She has troubled and upset about the whole thing, said Gary Cullen, when the Wimblerley's attorney, she's grieving and upset about the death of Amanda.
It's a sad situation.
She's grieving about it. Of course she shot her, you know, but she's grieving and upset.
Wimblerley will be held in juvenile detention center for 21 days.
She'll be prohibited from contact with college family members.
She'll also undergo a confidential psychological examination for next court date is December 2.
The shooting which occurred near her computer lab appeared to be a premeditated act,
a juvenile probable cause affidavit and furors.
Wimblerley had become upset because the two friends since elementary school had stopped talking.
She took a 22 caliber chrome pistol to school according to the report and other police accounts.
Now where does the 15 year old girl get a 22 caliber chrome pistol?
The store, the house, friend, 711, vending machine.
When the girls met outside of computer lab around 11 a.m., Collette refused to speak to Wimblerley.
His Collette walked away, a Wimblerley shot her in the back from less than five feet away.
An unnamed witness observed the shooting of reports is Collette died at Broward General about an hour later.
Wimblerley had two but player in the school's marching band called 911 from a nearby restaurant and waited for police to pick her up.
They found her with a gun.
It's unknown where she got the gun, but her grandfather has a concealed weapons permit.
According to the report, her arrest Wimblerley had cuts in both her forearms.
This morning at Dillard, a small group of students gathered before the starter classes to mourn the slain student.
As the Dillard school flagged, fluid half-mast, the students carrying teddy bears balloons and a post of the red RIP.
Mendenin school's parking lot around 730 this morning held a short and prompt-to-vigil to remember Collette.
Sophomore Crystal, drannets 14 walked into Dillard carrying stuffed animals bearing halos.
Amanda was like an angel, she said, was.
And now she's dead.
You better talk to me, dang it.
I guess you ain't going to be talking to her anymore, huh?
I reckon not.
By the way, that never works.
What?
That never makes the person like you more when you kill them.
When you shoot them in the back?
Yeah, no, it doesn't.
And they die?
No, I tried that. It doesn't work.
Oh, here's one from Chris Bud.
Somebody who hates fat Chris, like poison, it says Chris is a butt pirate.
How do you like that?
They probably wish.
Well, I'm printing it out right now.
We got 27 votes on the new pool.
School prayer time, waste of time.
In Jesus' name, blah, blah, blah, blah, yeah.
I'll never forget those assemblies, man, in high school.
With the Lord's Prayer and Jesus' name.
Here I'm, there's a, you know, a handful of us Jews in there.
And we have to mumble in Jesus' name, Jesus my ass, okay?
Take all your Yushki BS and jam it.
As Jimmy Hendrix would say, jam on it.
Isn't that what he would say?
Something like that.
I'm going to play it.
I'm going to play it.
I'm going to play it.
I'm going to play it.
I'm going to play it.
I'm going to play it.
All right.
How about you mirrored some jam on it?
Ooh.
How about you if that Chris has done it?
Nope.
Neil, I hate fat Chris with a burning passion.
I made the mistake of looking at this photos on George's Myspace page.
The CT's really as fat as everyone on the show says.
I was expecting Chris to be in a facility of 250 pounds.
But holy crap, how much is this fat queer way I'm guessing 350?
This is not a joke I'm serious.
Oh, there's that serious again, see?
This is probably from the fake great media.
For Christ's sake, fatso, try some Jenny Craig or cocaine and getting your stomach stable.
But if you do us all a favor, you fatso, I'm going to kill yourself.
We could drop your fat carcass beneath the opiate, grill it up and feed the whole country.
How do you look at yourself in the mirror every day, fatso?
How can any human allow themselves to get that fat and not do anything about it is unreal?
You are gross, Chris.
I'm an ugly woman and wouldn't have sex with you if my life depended on it.
I'd rather kill myself and have to see your ugly push ever again.
Please fire this stubby bastard.
Neil, he sucks at his job.
His lazy and grotesque.
Why do you choke on your fat and dial, fatso?
Since, seriously, sign Chris as a butt pirate.
What are they trying to send you, Chris?
That she's an idiot.
I don't know.
She don't like you.
I hate a chick.
The biggest name is The Best Talent.
She don't give you a logic.
I promise you, you're going to do it.
I'm going to beat you.
For your boyfriend.
For its leader.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
Hey, it's Chris Matthews from HODVAL and I'm a S&P-6.
I'm as giddy as a Catholic scroll girl going to see the Jonas Brothers.
I'm literally tingling all over my body.
I'm having this sensation.
I'm back in high school and my prime day is Heidi Fleiss.
I literally feel like I beat your peppermint daddy and a cold breeze is blowing through my hair.
I truly have not felt this good since Nancy Pelosi accidentally brushed her hand against my man-junk and a congressional elevator.
I feel as if I'm completely naked on top of a mountain eating peppermint peaks and drinking chocolatey you.
I completely tell a history guide for fairness is actually worked out in my favor.
I think the only time I may feel more happiness is when I have to sit down and write out what I owe in taxes for the year.
And it's almost half my salary.
It's going to be great.
Close to the right moments that make them close to that happiness.
Like interviewing the opposition.
People have voted for John McCain.
Like this post-lab.
How do you feel, sir?
Well, I can't hear you.
Go ahead.
I can't hear you.
How you feel?
What I want is going through your brain.
I feel that the American beat.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
What do you want?
Let me kick it.
Thought.
Dad, I have to let you finish your thought, Mike Gaywood.
And Chris Matthews, HODVAL, I'm a S&P-6.
Oh my God.
Let's just play all of those all day every day.
I love it.
Chris Matthews, bits on that.
That's great.
That was not as good as the other one.
It's pretty good, though.
They got the voice down.
They got that affectation down to a science.
Especially when he talks politics.
That's my favorite.
The politics fix.
Somebody ought to fix him.
Okay.
Oh, here's the fake reg Vidal back.
I'm working on this now.
The wheels are in motion.
All right.
He's got the motion in the basket.
I just consult for the station.
Not a full-time employee.
I don't want to look like a fool to these people.
If you're not interested or tied to your contract in HUM,
believe me.
If I told him I was leaving tomorrow, they'd say,
well, pack you a salami sandwich.
You fat faggot, get out of here.
Am I right?
You bet.
George from Montreal, not a frog, says WTF.
Your archive shows from Monday and Tuesday are screwed up.
What?
And then it says, what?
So what's Eric have to say about that?
He said they changed the stream.
He has to look into it after the show.
Why do you say that with such an attitude?
He said they changed the stream.
Such a hussy.
I have to look into it after the show.
Such a hussy.
Oh, what?
A hussy.
What's that?
Like an anger.
Like being far-bitten, you know, like bitter.
Yeah.
That's because you're there.
Where have you been?
Where have you been in your life?
What do you mean?
What places have you been to?
Living in breeding places.
Visited as invocations or lived in.
Where have you been?
I've been up the whole in the whole.
I've been up the whole close with Jolly Joes.
I've been up from Florida to the, what is it, Maine or whatever?
The top of the Atlantic seaboard.
I've got to see about a third of the US already.
I've been to Mexico.
I've been to Bermuda.
Mexico.
Let's hear about that.
Been to Belgium.
Belgium.
See.
Antwerp.
I don't remember where it was.
I think probably Brussels, I guess, we took a train from...
What do you mean you don't remember where it was?
Well, we took a train from Netherlands into Brussels.
Needle-ons?
You were in Netherlands?
You were in Amsterdam before.
How long was that?
Seven or eight years.
You were in Amsterdam seven or eight years ago?
See.
That's when it was really pretty good.
Yep.
You like it?
I loved it.
It was a beautiful place.
It's beautiful?
Yeah.
I went on to the country.
You like it?
Amsterdam is beautiful.
Oh my God.
I can think a lot of adjectives to describe Amsterdam, but beautiful would never be one of them.
Smarmy.
Drab.
Filthy.
Well, you got to get out of the red light district then.
Oh, in other words, you think the whole time...
When I had my second apartment there was nowhere near the red light district, Mr. Hatchot.
Even as much as the next bird as you are on Amsterdam, I guarantee I probably know a few more areas of the city that you do.
I'm sure you know a lot more than me because you live there.
I know my way around, Mr. Ok.
I can even find those tulips.
Tulipin.
Did you tiptoe through them?
Did you go shopping at the Divine Corp?
Who? What?
The big department store, Divine Corp on the Damrack.
I believe so.
I went to some mall that was there.
A mall?
Yeah, there's like a mall.
Two storeys.
You know how much to do?
Yep.
Get out of here.
See you later.
That was up three and a half points.
And look at that.
They've got a picture of a dog that has nothing to do with the dog that the Obama's are getting.
He has a hypoallergenic dog.
You know he's...
Oh God.
Tony Harris.
I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to kill myself based on him being on the ear.
Him and Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
So Greg, you're down my way to...
Here we go.
It says, you remember Mitch Phillips?
He's the new voice of Sirius F. XM50s on five.
I met you in name to him.
He thinks highly of you.
Good. Well, give me a job.
Okay?
Fake Greg?
Give me a job.
Ah, here comes one on Chris's behalf.
This is good.
It's from where your close friend, Zisco, who's a real dog lover.
Notice every time I mentioned dogs, Zisco's got an email on there?
He's probably known a few dogs in his time.
Here's one that says, I don't know if you were able to fix your printing problems.
I wanted to pass this along.
This tidbit of information given to me.
I know you're using Internet Explorer.
No, I'm not.
It says, I know you're not using Azure Browser, but print properties need Internet Explorer
effect outlook.
Changing the page set up and outlook proves useless because HTML messages are not printed
by outlook itself.
It uses Internet Explorer's print settings to print.
So if your margins are off, you must change them with an Internet Explorer to fix the problem.
Oh, and it's got instructions here.
Should I try it later on?
Try it?
Oh, the worst thing is it says open Internet Explorer.
That's I'll try it.
But boy, that's against my religion.
Internet Explorer is, oh, here's one from the fake Lucy Lopez.
Hi, Neil.
This is Lucy Lopez from Power 96.
I'm emailing you to let you know that I'm the most annoying, spick in the world.
We know that already.
My voice sounds like a high school girl that highly of high bitching about her boyfriend.
I'm a talentless hack who only hangs out with George because it may further my career.
I wish someone would just come and kill me already.
Please rip me an ass on the ear and Neil, I deserve it.
I also hate that Chris.
I wish he'd get out of our lives already.
Says Lucy.
Now that part might be true.
Don't you hate her?
No.
I think you said you did.
I think we had a, we had some disagreements for a little while but we're fine now.
About what?
Let's hear about that again.
Some inside poop.
Boy, you know something.
It's so dark here.
I've got two lights that I have on in this room all the time when I'm doing the show.
And it is so dark out here that it's like nighttime almost.
It's finster.
That's a bad time of the year coming up north, man.
You better come down here and do the shows from Florida again, Neil.
Because it's going to be really nasty.
Let me take a look and see what the temperature is.
The temperature is plus eight.
That's not so bad.
It's like 46.
And it's after noon 50.
But it's murky and dripping and oh, it's not a nice day.
And I got to go to the dentist.
I don't want to, you know.
But I got it because I got this, I wouldn't call it a toothache,
but I have the sensitive tooth that's just annoying yourself.
Maybe the nerve endings are like raw.
Maybe I need a root canal.
I've never had one of those.
Have you?
Oh, yeah, that's so fun.
That's right.
You had one not that long ago.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
And how was it?
Not fun.
Oh, the doctor said I didn't seem to experience the type of pain that most people do.
Really?
Yeah.
He's like, he's like drilling into it and you know killing there.
He's like, you know, this doesn't hurt.
I'm like, ah, whatever.
He's like, OK, mostly, you know, people like you know freaking out on this.
You know, I'm like, whatever.
Do what you got to do.
Freaking out and screaming.
Yeah.
I think I'm just going to have to pull the tooth out.
You can do it.
I can do what?
I don't know that I need a root canal, but I have from what I read online about this.
About tooth pain, about sensitive teeth.
Uh-huh.
Sometimes that's what's on your horizon.
Anyway, Zisco comes to a fat Chris's support.
Here's this one about internet explorer.
OK, I'll put that in my pile of things to do later on if I get really bored.
Got to find a parking spot for that Mercedes now.
Zisco says, I can't believe so many people are actually spending their time emailing you just to insult Chris.
The attention to humor are pretty lame.
Is that all they got?
You and George Pope fun at Chris and all of a sudden these fakers think that that's what you guys get your watch off on.
So the email you trying to be funny just to seek your approval.
That retard bitch and all the other people keep emailing about Chris.
You seriously need to find something to do with your life.
Think about what you're doing before you email again.
It's pretty f-ing sad.
Talk about losers, man.
Look in the mirror before you make fun of somebody else.
Is this go?
Thank you again, Zisco.
Zisco.
Zisco.
You know, I thought you said, Zisco.
No.
Zisco.
That would be a-
If you insist.
What do you know if you'll learn?
Now, how come when you said, cyst, the song, Ruby Baby by Dianne on Columbia Records came into my mind?
Ruby?
I don't know why.
I don't know why.
I don't know why I mean I have to do with a cyst.
I don't know.
And Jackson and Eli Wallack.
There it is, Ruby Baby.
What a part.
What a part.
Ruby is her name.
Now, that's when Dianne like reinvented himself after-
After, I've learned records, you know, with Dianne and the Belmonts?
Oh.
Remember all those, Teenager and Love and all that stuff?
And then he went solo on Columbia Records.
And he had the Ruby Baby and the drip drop.
What was that?
Oh, that's it?
That's the Belmonts.
Come on, Little Rachel.
Without Dianne.
This is one of my favorite songs and all those Dianne like that most here.
No, it's not Dianne.
Come on.
Trust me when I tell you Dianne, not in that record.
Okay.
That's the Unidaw.
Don't look at my guffin thing!
I'm evidence for the Lil 혼자.
You're right, this is it.
Don't make it in the Beat ofests, I have no power on this interrupt.
I Multiस来的星鏡打 ран Jonen.
Or Blaze, you've been hiding it all those days, aren't it?
Oh, and don't forget coming up at the top of the hour we got our shoe list steakhouse
right on the Iran on wqm.com they're going to go like that spot now because we've got all that hurricane stuff jammed all our spots back in there.
It would be too embarrassing if I went in here and explained to the audience why we don't have the usual spot right here for shoe list
steakhouse, but I don't want to do that. Stars and Jackson and Eli Wallik arrived to receive their lifetime achievement awards of the four
Lottardale International Film Festival lifetime achievement celebration and silent auction at both a prime and four Lottardale. Wow.
Woo. And Jackson and Eli Wallik. Only Oliva, Kippani. I thought we could reason together. The worst acting job when he choked in that can only man there was a standing ovation.
People were a heaving stale haliva at the screen. Enjoy in the light.
Let me 56 four minutes to no one don't forget it knew qa m.com. Shulas we got 50 of them there 100 $100 certificates for 50 bucks.
The biggest names the best talent. You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM. I am a Ford Lottardale. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to 1 hour on qam.
I just want to say to everyone who's a little disappointed that we lost the election that there's always next year. Maybe I'll rent her vice president again in 2009.
Here's a little story about Sarah and one is a diva the other death I did her ride spends lots of money on shoes and clothes has fancy glasses on the tip of her nose.
They know that certainly there is absolutely no diva in me and back to the laugh about that criticism.
But came said do you want to be beat don't answer questions and act fabricated here's a hundred fifty grand now go look good you grab the whole family and send it you will.
Come on guys let's go on a shopping street pick with a consignment shop.
Well Todd bought a park as he's a connoisseur. Sarah bought a coat that was made of moose fur.
When a bought a daughter maternity clothes should a win a daughter bird can roll hills that is contrast section.
Babies haven't fake the say she's a diva and the question what she spends is after a country or a continent.
Though you're not be be will safe farewell. We'll watch a talk show until 2012.
Well Mrs. Palin have you seen her hurt from John McCain.
No I don't really know where he went.
Oh he was on with Jay Leno there tonight you see that I sure didn't you do what yeah I thought you know what what all certificates are processing.
No come on sold out all certificates again and like less than a minute or two all some of those but actually be for real but I have no doubt that they will be sold out.
Oh yeah in just a while what do you mean some of those might be for me remember what happened last week last week.
Tropical like you're sold out unless the minute legit for real now one of them came back this will sell out in record time also.
No because last week was record time see where I'm vacation last week so what do you know nothing.
I don't know if you know what I'm saying but I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying
that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I'm not saying that I determine myself so I know what you can do to stop I can make the next exact one.
real or fake. And what do you think the odds are that it's the real Greg Vidal on a scale of zero.
Zero. Yeah. It's somebody who knows the names of the people which everybody knows the names of
the people serious. You're right like high boy buddy. Yeah. A number of goofballs. Sure.
Maybe PD Lenny for crying out loud. He's your ain't doing it. Sure.
Capitals beat the hurricanes five to one. How do you like that? And the panthers shut out the
lightning for zip. I didn't even know they were planned. Where's Luke Chan? Hey Luke.
There he is. No, not him. Dominic. Oh, Dominic. You are so ugly. Looks like you got a roadmap on your nose.
Good God. Wow. Get back to CNN. Get Dominic more off my TV. I like the great players. Not
just the players that look good. You know what I mean? Like Aaron Gavey. Rob and Lauderdale says,
Neil Good morning. I saw him the nightly news. And by the way, we could use a lot more emails. I'll tell you
that because I got a pile of stories here. Ted Stevens opponent now leading by 814 votes
is the continued counting in Alaska, Minnesota and Georgia. They're going to have that to run off.
They're going to have a rub off. That's Saksby Chambles. I know there's a lot of Yehu Rednucky
Klanzman in Georgia, but my God. This is the guy who smeared and smeared Max Cleveland to get
elected last time. How could they possibly? Oh, Jesus God. Saksby Chambles. He's everything that's
wrong with America. He is the definitive red neck. Saksby Chambles. Neil Good Mornings is Rob. I
saw him the nightly news that guns are flying off the shelf because the Hicks think Barack is going
to take our gun rights away. Some guy was buying an assault rifle. Can you think of another organization
that has more blood on their hands than the NRA? How about the Bush government? It seems to me,
but nevertheless, why do we need to be able to buy assault rifles? Bush, the scum let the
ban expire. Wouldn't it be it? Barack better get that ban extended. This is outrageous. Says Rob.
How many more people have to die? How many guns are run off? How many guns are run off?
Fuck three men. The NRA sucks. I forgot we can bring guns to work and
floor the things through our gay governor. I'm insensed about this as a father of two small kids,
but everybody should be pounding on the NRA's doors. Those S bags. What do we do? What do we do?
Hey, how about moving to a country like Canada? We're not everybody in their brother. Can have a bunch of guns.
They don't go running around shooting all that many people. I mean once in a while, you know,
especially in Scarborough, but other than that, that was down 50 points.
More companies seek bailout books. Does the economic crisis in New York? That's right. Let's bail
everybody out every every business that fails, especially if it's big business. If it's a little mom
and pop restaurant or something like that, scrum. All right, seven came back. Seven came back. So we do have
that's not very good. We only had that to someone being in any of them. Yeah, shenanigans. I thought it was
shulis. So we have seven certificates came back. So if you've been trying to get on the shulis
thing or get on there right now, Neil Rogers or QAWQM.com. And it's huge. What? The seven are gone again.
Well, so it either is real or me. Remember two weeks ago we had that situation going on?
Mm-hmm. But that's because there weren't like hardly any real people buy in those two weeks ago
for whatever reason. 106 votes on the pool. Look at that outlook expressed. No items in this view.
Neil at Neil Rogers.com. If you folks don't get on the stick with the emails, I'm going to start
getting really I'm going to be wounded like a little over a week after my birthday. It's such a
shot to the ass. And I'm sure not taking no phone calls today. I guarantee you that not that there
are any, but I guarantee I'm not taking any phone calls unless that crusty old fart calls back
from yesterday. He was excellent. He was older than Matthus was great great great great grandpa.
Like what's wrong with that email? What's wrong? What do you say that's wrong? You suck your old
boring. For him to be calling me old. I mean, that's that's like fat Chris telling somebody that
they're fat. You run around pointing to people like the beast and say, God, what a fat tub of crap?
No, not to his face anyway. 112 votes on the pool looking back. What was the most mindless,
stupid ass waste of time you ever did or learned in school? I hate this pool. Don't you hate it?
I think it sucks. You like it? No, it's just what I hear. Here's one counsel on hemispheric
affairs. Here's one. Another piece of spam scam on my email. That's it. That's all I got.
WQ AM. Hello. Hello there. Neil. Oh, it's the fake. It's the fake. It's a Reverend Jones fake
a grandmother. Yeah. Fake fake fake. Boy, talk about I have no logic. Just pathetic. Tragic.
This is what we're left with. This is what Jolly Joe has resorted us to now.
He's off on his lunch hour now. So maybe he can't send me any email saying, oh, don't blame me.
Blame somebody else. That was so pathetic the other day when he sent me that that was for real.
With a whole little billboard under his name there about Joe Bell, a vice president of marketing
and yada yada. Yeah, vice president of monkey business. We don't do real business secure and we do
monkey business. If you don't believe me, two o'clock we got the hurricane game day special with the big.
Oh, yeah, 7500 hours of hurricanes football. And if you don't care about hurricanes after two o'clock,
bye, bye, bye, bye. As John McLaughlin would say, bye, bye. WQ AM. Hello.
Hey, Neil, the pay homage to that alter conquer that called yesterday. Can you play? I want to die in Florida.
Okay. Thank you. See you. WQ AM. Hello.
Neil, you think it's offensive in this week?
I think they are now. And and the hurricanes are going to tonight too. And the
Walons are going to win the World Series this year. Right. And the Panthers are going to win a Stanley Cup and he
are going to win the NBA championship. And they're going to win it all down there. And you know what? And
that's still going to be a horse ball town. Yeah, but the fans stop down here now. Okay, there
there comes the story finally said something that made sense to me. Can't complain about the South Florida
sports fans. You want to know why? Because there aren't any WQ AM. Hello. You're always thinking of the
effort. Now, wasn't that nice? Go talk to yourself, sir. Believe me, you'll be fulfilling your dream.
That was down 42 points. And there's what's your name on CNN? This mask. A question,
even the diaries, your diary entries, if you had anything that would be embarrassing to the
administration, made public, that's one of the things that they're looking at too, Tony. It is
extraordinary. It is detailed. It's it's quite quite involved. Well, if you can't, if you can't get
hired anyway, Suzanne Melvo. Oh, Suzanne Melvo. I used to like her until I realized her name was
Suzanne. I know everybody else that has that name in Suzanne, but he's Suzanne. Can you explain
that to me? That's a reference. Suzanne Suzanne. Yes. Did you play Mumbling OJ? WQ AM. Hello.
QAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. I just went to hit my voice in the
video. That's all. Well, turn it up. You're allowed. There we go. Yeah, but it's in the
delay. It'll take a long time to catch up, though. So keep cranking it up. All right. Keep
twisting it till it falls off in the knob, too. 117 votes on the new pool. Would we have any other
one? A thousand and two, something like that? Yep. Now, what's the story on the certificates?
It's an official Yannter what? I'm re-o-su-zanna. It says so. It's still waiting to fully process.
It's still waiting to do a percolate. We're still waiting for the official sign to go up.
Elmer Conrad just crawled out from under the hub rail. WQ AM. Hello.
Tommy Winn just jumped over the rail at the top of the stretch. He had a six-length lead. WQ AM. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Yes. Let me tell you something about the small machines. Okay.
Here's what you do. You find yourself a casino host. You get them a nice tip and you tell them
which machines are hot and have them point you to three or four different machines.
Right. Oh my god. You're crazier than a bed bug. I got a buddy of mine who I did that with the
cocktail waitress. He knows her and she get the the pit park pointing him out to three machines
and on all three machines he hit. Yeah. That's the way to go. Give somebody a nice tip in there
tell you the point you don't have a machine in you. Well, you're talking I was like the Bible.
Fairytales, bubble my seas. If those people knew where there were hot machines you think they'd
be telling other people about it. Why? You give them a good tip. Get out of here. Tip this. Give them a
stick your nose on it. Wave your arms across those people just they just slay me. You try aluminum
foil underwear. That might do it. And then there's another thing put your hand in the money slot.
Put your hand in there and it tells the machine that there's a jackpot been one. I tried it by the way.
Doesn't work. Uh-huh. Stick your thing in the slot. Okay. And the slot.
The biggest name. The best talent. It's the mad dog.
A man that's half the news. Order seven.
Sports Radio 560 QAM. The sports leader. I know that the Zord even loves Neil Rogers.
Yeah.
I'm the author.
Save a little back. It's a damn what happens on my company call. I got the
dickers. It's actually out of my hand. I'm going to make it. You were rainy old style.
I'm older. Save a baby. I can do anything I want to do. I need your consultant woman.
And I'm going to make it something you. I'm giving that phone. I'm a pretzel.
I can't wait for me. I've got the boy. I've got the power to hold in control.
Well, you know I do.
Well, I have a way to get your own show at the station down in Hollywood.
And I don't care if you're waiting for loads. Just as long as you can stroke me good.
I'm older. Save a baby. And you'll do anything I want you to.
I'm your consultant woman. Spread your legs when I desire you. I'm going to vote.
Yeah. It's only a home.
I've done.
Slot. Yeah.
I'm going to read a judge. That's why I'm a consultant because I'm just an ass.
Wow. Well, almost. Yeah. I just had to turn around and
right get the punch the right button.
Newt that hole. Right.
Eliminate that whole word.
So the fake right view to else is that this is the frosting on the cake to prove that it's fake.
Is it we didn't already know? Right. Neil, I know you think this is a joke.
I'm dead serious about this. I just spoke to Walter Sabo. He wants you. We're
in order to call him. And it's got a number. Obviously a phone number.
Shall I give you the number and you can call it? I'll dump it. I won't leave it on the air.
You're joking right? No.
Why is that? Okay. I just I wasn't taking this seriously at all. The sure hey,
when I'm not taking it seriously either, but I'm just telling you and I wrote back. Oh,
I have a great day, fat boy. I'm going to dump the number after I give it to you on
there. Well, why not? Is it that much of an effort? Chris, Chris can call it. Fat Chris,
you can do it. Can you? Sure. Can you handle it? Sure.
Six four six four five six one thousand. Okay, just dumped it.
All right. Well, we don't want anybody out there getting my job. Right.
Speaking of that, here's another one from the fake Steve Kane. Good afternoon,
Uncle Neil. I'm talking with other South Florida radio icons for a battle of the talk show host
show. Would you have any interest? No. No. Could not pay a tell if he, however, I can provide you with
some great advertisers trade. I will send you a list of the other talents I've contacted as we
get down to the day. God bless Steve on a channel on a frequency that nobody has any idea that it's
there that we think our signal is bad and it is. For the outside of the inside radio people are
just whipped up with this email thing. They're just having a feeding frenzy. So do you call that
number Chris doing it out? Oh, you are really slow. The Dow's down 104.
It's down 104 108 106.
Now this guy who thinks he's funny. Oh, it's this go again. Go away. It's this go about the
thousand dollar walk out of the casino. Go away. You're getting really annoying now. It's this
go really annoying. I never thought I'd say that he's annoying. Don't you think?
Whatever. It was fun. I was telling you what? Who was it that I was calling?
Walt Sabo. Walt Sabo. Who did you get? I'm just getting a ring right now.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's still ringing. Oh, excuse me. What? What's the tissue?
Which one? I got Walt Sabo's voicemail. Did you? Uh-huh. Okay.
Well, that really proves something. That's somebody knows Walter Sabo's phone number.
Just for all that stuff to norm and let him sort that out. If it actually with Walter Sabo count me out.
Count me out. Remember this don't count me in by Gary Lewis and the playboys. Count me out.
Who? Neil. I don't know if you guys are aware, but there's a problem with the archive. Show us some toothy and
Wednesday this week. Oh boy. The only thing that comes through is static. Your show can't be
heard at all. I need my fix of Neil. I'm starting to go through with Drolls says Roland.
I don't know about you, but I'm getting really well, I'm not getting. I've already been very tired of that crap.
Let me say it again. There's nothing we can do about it. Plus he can't hear us now anyway.
So, so what's the point? You know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. I'll get a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. Amen, Mikey. You said it.
Here's an email from Cliff and Kendall. I was chasing my little dog plots around the second floor of my house.
After I stepped on a little nugget, he left for me on the steps.
During my pursuit, I thought I heard Sarah Palin being interviewed on TV downstairs.
A grab plot by the throat was escorting him downstairs when I saw it wasn't palin.
It was a 19 year old Droll defendant on the Judge Judy show.
She sounded just like Sarah Palin, a never ending stream of run-on sentences that made no sense whatsoever.
Wasn't it idiot a moron of Simpaldon? I bet if you shook her her pea brain would sound like a baby rattle.
When you're going to take down your picture, you're like, in five pounds every time I look at it,
it turns my flat screen into a fat screen. It's just Cliff and Kendall. I'm not taking it down.
Now, let me put it this way. I'll take it down what I want to. And right now, I don't want to.
What's wrong with that picture? It's gross.
And it should make a lot of people feel better about themselves. It makes me feel better. I don't look like that anymore.
God was I a tub 20 years ago. Was I just gigantic? Huge. Yep.
Humongous pig. Oh, I got to go to the dentist. Still let me forget 155 line of here. Don't forget.
Mama, I'm just reminding you. I don't want that last break then. And then we come back and like,
oh, gee, what happened? The old man croaked or something like that? Don't worry. I'm worried. Don't fret.
Madison County, Ohio was once dubbed the Reddest Place in America by salon.
But that didn't make an A less shocking when elementary school children started chanting
assassinate Obama on the school bus. Matthew Woolery told K.I.K.D. news. He found out about the
Channing from his second and third graders who had no idea what the word assassinate meant.
They just hadn't heard anything like this before. Woolery stated, I wonder if he's kind of Chuck
Woolery? I think the thing that struck us was just like, where do they get the word and why would
they put that word in person together? Woolery, a psychology professor at Brigham Young University
in Rexburg, is not an Obama supporter, but was shocked that any public official would be threatened
in that way. I don't think the majority of people in Rexburg have extreme ideas like that,
but we were just surprised that it would go that far. We'll be told K.I.K.D.,
Kikid Radio. The Madison County School District has sent out an email saying that students
are to be told a sort of behavior is unacceptable, unacceptable.
According to an article which appeared in Salon in 2006, you've heard of Jesus Land,
but Rexburg, Ohio is something more. It's not just a small town in rural eastern Ohio. It's
a small town in rural eastern Ohio, completely dominated by fast growing Mormon College Brigham Young
University of Idaho. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Through this conservative convergence, the article continues,
Rexburg and surrounding Madison County will maybe be the rosiest place of all the red America.
Need numbers to prove it? In the 2004 presidential election, 93% of Madison counties votes went to
George W. or Minor Party conservative candidates, arguably the greatest result of any county in the
Madison County. Not only heavily Republican, but also 97.7% white. One of Rexburg's
lone Democrats in Professor at the University told Salon she remembers the time on a group of
classmates followed her third grader home shouting out baby killer all along the way. She took it up
with a teacher who didn't seem to mind. Oh, that ain't no thing. You know, ain't no thing.
So that was really Walter Sabre. Why don't believe it? I mean, the number was. It doesn't mean
you don't understand anybody could have answered Walter. Was it was it was a walled Sabre
himself? I mean, you know the voicemail. That was a voicemail. Did he sound like a real nerd?
That was his voicemail. It said you've reached the desk of Walter Sabre. Let me say it again. He
sounded like a real nerd like a real a hole. Because if so, that was definitely him.
Biggest name. The best talent. You're his new largest 435-60 QAM.
The fourth leader. You're looking for glory holes.
Excellent.
It's time to head south and rest
I wanna go where the living is the best
I wanna eat as much life feels on
I wanna live where even the old can have fun
I'm my running from me on those golden rays
I wanna die
In Florida
I wanna die
I wanna live where even the old can have fun
I wanna spend my life loving you
Live right through a car
Breathe the good of two
And when it's time to head south and rest
I wanna go where the living is the best
I wanna die
I wanna die
I'm trying to live where even the old can have fun
I wanna go where the living is the best
I wanna die
I wanna die
I wanna die
I wanna die
From 33 and 560 WQM all the squeakmysers all the time
I guess Geltie doesn't get involved in the hurricane stuff
No
We leave that to the beast in clearance in Don Bailey, Jr
And of course, him too
13 minutes out
We sold it out?
It's official?
Yeah
Well we knew they would go in
We would've gone faster than that except for somebody that the pochkeed up there and interfered
Yup
We got people interfering with our ability to do business here
And does Jolly Joe Bell give a crap?
Does he get involved?
Oh, I don't believe in micro-managing
Oh ho ho ho
In fact, I got an email from Jolly Joe
From the fake Jolly Joe
Hey Neil, ho ho Joe here
It's nice to have flea in my office again
Ho ho, can you spare fat Christopher while we need a cameraman?
Ho ho
Well it's almost Christmas time
When he makes a perfect sandy clause, ho ho
Oh that's bad
What?
That joke
Oh and I got three or four of these
You know, you people listen on the internet God bless America and God bless you
But you know something?
See one of the benefits of listening on the internet is nothing gets dumped
You're hearing it live
That's why it's called the live stream
Just like if I peed on the microphone it would be a live stream
Right
And I got three or four of these
Oh you didn't dump the number
I remember part of it was the yadiot
I think at least on the internet it wasn't dumped
That's right Tony and Rob and everybody
I've discussed that with them and they just don't want to do anything about it
What do you mean by that?
It's not a bad arrangement
Because it isn't about the language that's going to get
It's about the lawsuits
It's about the lawsuits live in slander and things like that
It's not our problem
We all know right
Well, it's not I'm identified
Right
So if they want to get sued then even if somebody sues me they get sued
I think a joist ought to sue me then she can collect from them
And collect unemployment
You know a joist?
Oh yeah
With a gravely voice
So according to the fake Greg Budell
One of these serious people is on the phone with normal right now
Because I sent back normal cell phone number
Which is probably a bad mistake
And it's probably a fake some fake person calling normal too
Playing a stunt on him
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah
And Walter Sabo
He's really interested he loves me
Yeah
Walter Sabo who helped kill Jerry Williams by the way
Nice go on Walt
Put Jerry Williams on his deathbed
The WRKO killed him
And cut his hours way down
Put him on the weekends
Wouldn't tell him why
Wouldn't we turn his phone calls?
And when Jerry called me
And I told him what Walter Sabo was all about
Oi!
And then like few days later he had a heart attack and croaked
Jerry Williams unfortunately not Walter Sabo
See that proves there's no God
Jerry was a great radio talent
Walter Sabo was you know make believe
He's like kind of way twity your favorite
Only make believe
Erzatz
162 votes now let's see we had a thousand and one right?
No two
A thousand and two excuse me 1164
We got a shot of 1300 today again
All right
75 different polls
Nobody really cares about it anymore
They just don't care
So I'm waiting to hear from Norma Kent
Maybe Norma will call in on the bat line
Oh here we go with Greg again
Yeah
Walter I'm giving Norm a call now
Says Tim Sabian at a serious radio
Signed Tim
Oh my god
Isn't this the way it's done?
Like I'm emailing your radio show
That's how it's done
And none of us is hyper fake
And let me say it again
Fake Greg or the real Greg
Would love to get me off here as soon as possible
Because he thinks that Jolly Joe
Will have him to replace me on QA
And put him on midday
Even Greg we wouldn't wish that on
Would you?
No
I mean I don't even know how many times I've met Greg in my lifetime
The real one
As opposed to the fake one
I'm talking about the one that everybody hates the real one
Everybody hates like poison
If he's trying to redeem himself with me
So I don't say that everybody hates him on the year
But it's true
That was down 83 points
It's just kind of sitting there
You know nothing dramatic yet
That was down though to 8200 and 3
What's going to happen to kids down about 340
4,000
Frogger jump off a brilthal
A lot of suicides man
A lot of suicides
Maybe that's why people are arming themselves to the teeth
So they have plenty of guns to pass them out
All their neighbors when everybody blows their brains out
Lisa says, oh I lie, I see
Remember her?
Yes
You're sure what's entertaining is always
I'm an either who called you in the past
Used to live in Miami
I escaped to Chicago
Wow
What a bonus that is to leave Miami and grind up in Chicago
Hallelujah even with the crappy weather
Just like here man, it is so dark and dank out there
It's enough to make you want to go to the ledge and jump almost
Oh, there's my phone, I'll be back
No draw that food
I just want to take it now
Oh yeah
At least you get to go home with him
That's what you think?
Well, you get to leave here
Yes
Oh no
This is sitting
That play was the biggest your torso
No, they did it, they did it
You back or what?
Damn bitch from the dentist office again
Oh could you please come in 15 minutes early
I already told her I can't be there till like 2 o'clock, 205
And how she wants me to come 50 minutes early on
I said no way
I mean I could ask you to pick up the last time
I'm not going to do that though
Because she just thinks she can run my ass around with these appointments
Until hell freezes over that bitch
God
Over and over and over again on the phone
I can't do it honey, I'll be there when my appointment is at
As it is, I'm bailing out of here 5 minutes early
And boy, I bet you jolly joined too happy about that
Can I get back to Lisa and her long email?
Please
I just had knee surgery, I'm recuperating in home so I get to you live instead of archive
Alright, that's a good thing because the archives are screwed up
And Eric won't tell us what's going on with that
Here's my question
Why the hell is Obama using old Clinton people for his transition team and his staff?
Oh stop already, Lisa
We need change, not regression
Is it going to give a swillery a post too?
He's going to give her a post, he's going to stick it in her rectum
The old farting post
Also, what's really ridiculous is how the neo-contalking heads are feeling so ready for Bush
Saying how he's been demonized and unfairly portrayed
F Bush says, Lisa, for 8 years his party's viewed hate toward the blue states
And people disagree with his viewpoints
And I was supposed to feel sorry for him?
No
Face it Republicans, you got your ass kicked people hate you like poison in your self-righteous hypocrisy
Doesn't cut it no more
I'm planning a trip to Europe this summer, my husband's Canadian
I'll say that I'm Canadian too
And closing Tom Broca is a debag
Says Lisa
Can you come maybe 15 minutes earlier?
I'm not a fightin' right now, huh?
I'm not a fightin' right now, huh?
I'm not a fightin' right now, huh?
Caroling for the door, bitch
I'm telling you Lisa, I'm telling you I'm not the gunner state
Fourth leader
Floridians, dumb as dirt
I'm Chris Matz, who's welcome to Hyde Ball on MSNBC
I get so much fiddle around my food haul I could water the grass
Quite passively from all those years of working for TIP on Neil
Crazy, you know the passable reason my saliva glands are all on a whack
May passively be because I drink scotch from a dog's bowl
Traveling from too many years of working for TIP on Neil Big Tom
That wasn't good enough smart enough, it's skinny enough
Plus I got deal weeds like Bill O'Rideley take it shots of me every night
I probably would have grilled greatest minds
You know my wearing a snee-shield
The reason I know that people finish their answers is because I can't hear what they're saying
My ears are not even hooked up
The constant swishing of saliva in my mouth sounds like the ocean
The only time I truly feel comfortable is when we take Hyde Ball out on the road
I never sent B.C. That way I can try to convince co-edges to come back to my hotel room
That is before they realize in order to kiss me and get close to my mouth
They have to be wearing a mask and a snorkel
Many people don't realize John McKay's suffering from the same melody
But he ate saliva glands burned closed
The vomit didn't just one of the many verid and stunning differences
We like to point out here on M.S. M.B.C
There's one more important fact you should realize before you go to the Velte Booth
They have different hair color
I'm Chris Matthews play Hyde Ball on M.S. M.B.C
Okay, 14 to 1 a.k.u. I'm not forget it to a clock
We started at 85 hour hurricanes extravaganza
That goes on and on and on
So how it's turned is on the normal Kent's bed right now
Oh, let's see here's another one
It says have you talked to norm? No, I'm doing a radio show. How do you like that?
Have you talked to norm?
Oh, maybe he's listening if that's the case
Who is norm? No, I don't
He forgot all about me
Here's one who says do you want to be on serious or exam or both?
If you won't read my email I'm just going to stop listening to you see
I'm not listening anymore. I stopped stop stop
George and Daytona aka the fake solfus
Yes, okay, I'm back listening again. I just had to go to the bathroom
Oh
God these are good today
I was inspired by the bell months song you played to write this for Chikaneck
I'm trying to contribute more to the show than complaining about the stupid website
Says Joe
Possible song for Chikaneck
Ock Medinaj adds saying to the tune of the bell months
Don't know why I love you
And it's got a hole
You got it
Don't know why I love you but isn't that what I was playing?
No, no, I'm talking about this the email
No
Forget it, forget that because here's another important one from the Freak
A Greg Viedel
Oh boy
I know this is hard to believe because of the whole Dave Hagen thing
Just talk to norm and let him follow up. A lot of us are fond of you believe it or not
What do I have to talk to norm for? I gave you the number. Why don't your people call norm?
A hot fake Greg Viedel
I got my dentist off as call me can I come in early and the fake Greg Viedel is just trying to type my whole day with a bunch of waste of time phone calls
With Greg with Walter Sabo and this one and that one and Dave Hagen
How about Tom Hagen call up Tom Hagen maybe he'll talk to the godfather
God
Jolly Joe Bell please go to hell leave Neil show alone
You big fat Jeopardoning
Oh it's it's it again chronic ed
Boring
What is emails today although it's been fairly entertaining thanks to the fake Greg Viedel and all these fake emails
My guess is fat boy
You think
Oh make it work
Or his boyfriend Dave right
178 votes on the new pool. I hate this pool
God I despise it
That means we've got 11
80
Dial 11 80 WHAM Rochester horrible station just awful
50,000 watts big signal horrible station always has been always will be I wonder if it's still on the air
WHAM
What do you think fatso?
Oh no idea
Why not you haven't been to Rochester?
No I don't think so. Good don't if you're smart you won't go
Now that Don and Pob's is gone there's no reason to go there you can smell the lilacs
School prayer time 29 wasted time in school writing I will not do whatever over and over on the blackboard 24 ducking covered
Reels 23 achievement test of required filling in circles 18 memorizing poems 14 pledging allegiance to the fat flag
13 serving detention 13 diagramming sentences 12
Thysecting a frog 12 book reports five study hall four show and tell three
The a few kids out there got a teacher that says time for show and tell run and call the police
Standing in the corner is punishment three fired rules three and dodgeball two
Now speaking of call calling the police
Now where's this from somebody sent this to me
Governor Charlie's going to keep his promise to spider-bomb his landslide victory
That's right. He's getting ready for 2012 baby the white haired queen
The headline on this it says
Chris prepares for his constitutionally protected marriage
TBO dot com has the details of the wedding of the century in just 29 days
Governor Charlie limp risk Chris will walk down the other mayor real live woman Carol Rome
Who looks like a dike and just as we thought Chris was too busy picking out floral arrangements to help out John McCain's campaign
He was extremely active for which I was really really grateful I was just so grateful
It's our special day so it should be our shared vision said Rome
The wedding will take place December 12th at the United Methodist Church in St. Petersburg
It will be a real real shame if any respectful type activist showed up to protest the passage of amendment two
Says
J.A. who sent this to me
Now
As a follow-up on that
Here's something I found online from Derek Rivers
And the headline says is Florida governor Charlie Christ gay even after straight wedding you bet your bottom dollar he is
It says when I first heard that Florida governor Charlie Christmas is gonna marry a woman I actually laughed out loud
Who is he kidding?
When Chris first stepped out of the national stage while running for governor a couple years ago
I think most gay dars around the nation went bing bing bing bing
So all I could think about when hearing of his wedding plans was the extent that someone go to the game power
Even to the point of denying who they truly are as a person that type of personality is not what we need in the White House or anywhere near it
Most in Wisconsin were tuned in years ago recall the Madison gay politician who thought Congress was within with in grasp if he could just marry a woman
That stuff never works and it shouldn't
And was for his actively section in this former self-loathing that I cast my primary vote for his opponent
So I would christ think that his chances among the GOP to be McCain's vice president
This is obviously dated July 8th would be enhanced if he married a woman so christ is gay that's fine
What is not fine is that those who do not live authentically do stupid things as a cover such as work to ban gay marriage
And give support to conservative judges who work against gay civil rights
Andrew Sullivan on Atlantic dot com rights the following in the rower pump each times adds more
It's funny to watch the partisan right outdo outdo each other to clear Obama a cynic while Charlie Christmas engaged to a woman
At the item of canes beep search for the record from the brown Palm Beach new times
The rumors about Florida governor Charlie chris and the green iguana won't just wouldn't go away
The story goes that the Florida governor frequented the green iguana a bar in Tampa back in the early 1990s when he was just starting his political career
He was less careful back then people say and during his parting at the green iguana he was openly gay gay
When I got Rick Calderoni the bars well known owner on the phone I expected in the stonewall me about it he did not
Calderoni who was gay confirmed that Chris came into his bar quite often and the two of them became friends
Getting to the point I asked him if he knew if Chris was gay yes he answered bluntly I just wish he'd come out and admit it that would be a great thing if he did
The topic may soon however get some national play after helping deliver Florida and the GOP primary
Chris was widely believed on the short list to become a canes nominee for vice president
You can bet your gay ass that's probably the reason why he did not get it
Why they had a scrambled around and find Sarah
If he were to be chosen imagine how interesting the presidential election would be not only with the American people be asked to vote for the first black president or female commander in chief
But at least in terms of subtext also the first gay vice president are they ready for it do they even care?
Most voters will tell you that they don't they couldn't care less about anyone sexuality
Of course they aren't telling the truth human nature demands they at least be curious
But absent a Jim McGriffey Mark Foley Larry Craig type scandal I don't think the issue would change an election
If anything the buzz would only bring more intrigue to the candidate and possibly end to his support being boring is a lot bigger political sin than having sexual secrets in your closet
Americans knew full well that Bill Clinton was a pooh-n-hound before they elected him didn't they?
Most Floridians had probably at least heard the rumors about Chris before they elected him governor
During the election I reported about two male GOP staffers boasts of having had affairs with Chris when he was running for governor in 2006
The stories burned across the internet got a bit of play in the mainstream press Chris won the landslide anyway
Republicans homophobic not in Florida it says here sure
If McCain chooses Chris to it would be interesting to see how the voracious national press as opposed to the cautious Florida newspapers would handle the issue
With the New York Times put a small team of reporters on the story in an effort to dig up the truth
Question Mark how do you like that he's getting married in December
So you know he's planning he's got bigger bigger things in his sights than just being governor of Florida
See what I'm saying?
Let's see I don't see any more stuff on here from the fake red butel
Here's one of my dear good friend I'm pastor Paul and I've got $80 billion dollars. Oh no
Yeah, I've got a million U.S. dollars sure
Hey Neil Norma here. I've struck a deal with the serious radio hold on I got $17 a week for him I good or what? Very funny
FSU football players and frat members fight on campus
Anybody care about this? No
What about you Fatsome? No FSU football players were involved in a campus fight Wednesday that is under investigation by campus police
Coast Bobby Boudneck old boy Bobby Boudne will not identify the player specify how many were involved the incident today
I really have no comment on Bob and said Wednesday the police will look into it and look and let us know what they think
That's all I have to say about that how about that is Mel Allen would say even though Tom jick had didn't like him
He was forced to listen to Mel as a child
I think Tom didn't like Mel because he was gay or at least so the rumors went
Okay, let's get rid of that FSU thing and here's another chronic chronic Michael Schneider I thought I blocked you already for crying out loud
Have an email you since before the election don't want to be chronic for the pool learning the effing metric system now the pool is a pool sucks
Here's one that says the dark folks would never vote for a gay you fairy no kidding
194 votes on your pool now what does that give you?
2002 and
194
1196 so we got 1200 you're not going to get no 1300 day what are you talking about I'm sorry I must have been dreaming or just a crazy person
The best
This is on this is not a tumor it's the ones that two hours
We're pissed and we love 24
� I'm a sad man who you hear this
I'm a sad man
I'm a sad man
You're pissed WPSG1099 is sad man
Yeah perfect yourself Florida by the way we're pissed off and fired up baby we're South Florida
101 now did you get the email from the fake rigged beer yeah and he copied me on it I knew they were interested in Neil
But apparently they are very interested just like these emails are very fake can you be sure to have norm follow up with Timisabian
Sabian he was supposed to call nor apparently Tim is interested in Neil for Howard 101 the station Bubba loves bunge and for all Iran
Kim is also interested in Phil Henry well he's interested in a lot of people okay that's very interesting
Oh
Forwarded messages from Walter Sabo House said put some money on the table okay call up Norman give him a figure
With seven digits in it otherwise go away
Neil are you kidding I wish it was all hurricanes all the time says a some idiot well except the four hours you're on
Go canes this river June take or else oh how sad this must be from clearance and the beast
Do you think I mean who or maybe from Mike Rosenthum oh boy it's W loose time 32
Mike was a boy you never encountered that creature wow you are so lucky
What a thing remember the thing oh the Dow down to 74 not good not good
The Dow is down down down but where things are looking up for us we're going to serious
Now what did Eric I mean while we're here we might as well still try to get the archives working
What did Eric say but a boop but a beep come on fat so what do you say he just said he was going to check it after the show
Why can't you check it during the show I do not know we've already got the pole change to this really piece of crap pole we got on here now
Hey Charlie be thanks for the couple of good ones and the two really crappy ones of which this is one today and yesterday
Oh God I like that pole better on what cosmetic procedure should you get that's good you like that
What will do that for whenever for over the weekend because this one just absolutely blows
This grace passed your haggard says he was abused as a child sexually abused as a child experience started to rage in my mind
It in my heart when he was caught up in a sex scandal involving a male prostitute what sounds very familiar like Miss Foley
Don't it?
Mm-hmm all these people were molested as children all of a sudden they began turning
Hagrid made the remarks in two recent sermons in Morrison Illinois ABC's Good Morning America reported yesterday
Hagrid said one of his father's employees had a sexual experience with me when Hagrid was seven
According to audio recordings of the sermons posted on an ABC news website
Hagrid said he later became a conservative Republican loving the word of God and evangelical born again spirit-filled charismatic all of those things
But some of the things that were burned buried in the depths of the sea from when I was in the second grade started to rage in my mind in my heart
He said buried in the depths of the sea I don't know what that means
In 2006 he was fired as pastor of the 14,000 member new life church in Colorado Springs
When a former male prostitute leds they had to call a cashier sex relationship the man also said he saw Hagrid use methamphetamine
Hagrid also stepped down as president of the National Association of Evangelicals
He said some of the allegations were exaggerated but he's never offered specifics
Well what's that got to do with Walter Sebow and us going to a serious
Come on fake Greg and querying minds want to know send us a lot more phonia that I was down 300 points while
Now what's your take what do you think that jolly joe bill would say if a serious offered me like some serious money
And we said well guess what we're taking our act on the road he'd say good luck yeah he'd say don't let the door hitch in the fat ass on the way out
Something like that I keep checking my mailbox by the way for my birthday gift from jolly joe and evidently must be lost with that book
Okay you send me a second I sent an email to the to the vendor saying you ever going to ship this thing or what
Oh Michelle says please have the boy 60 archives thanks oh he said he can't mess with it because it's not valid until it shows over
But he explained it to me once before it has to record the entire show then compress it process it and then he can fiddle with it
He can diddle with it right then he can manipulate it he's going to diddle in the middle right and maybe play a little tune on his fiddle
Just a little and put some pancakes on the griddle
I'm wasting it with fiddle enjoy it a lot or a little I got to go to the dentist now see it can you believe that I believe it you know what it really boils down to is they want to evidently they have no appointments after like me
I'm like the last cleaning of the day or whatever so they want to get tell out of there early right or they're trying to wedge someone in there you know they're trying to make room for them
They're not trying to wedge anybody else in there Thursday and Friday man they close up shop early my dentist has got you know he's got office hours like three hours a day
It doesn't want to overwork she keeps bugging me I think I want to tell her something I try to be very civilized very nice I put on a good act you know
But I'm just getting oh here's Greg butel again the fake great middle norm is answering the phone it says maybe norm a diet or something I don't know
Norm is answering the phone isn't this the normal way that business is conducted over the air of course norm is answering the phone well you know what I'm going to reply I'm going to write back the same thing I've been writing all of these messages
Uh-huh
That's what I wrote back
Uh-huh
Norm is answering the phone let me give you a few other numbers for normal okay
Maybe norm a croak or something and nobody told me about you think no maybe normal will come in the bat line
I got a good idea yeah let me give you norm as cell phone number I have the air and I don't want to do that because it goes over the internet we don't have a delay remember
I just was about to say that I'm sorry I can fax it to you I have it
You do have it is cell phone number pretty sure this is start with the six 9546 I'm looking well then why you say I mean I could in the time that you're looking I could write it out and fax it to you but you don't want it yeah you got it
Well give it to a fat boy in there heaven call norm on the bad line and we'll put him on here maybe he'll answer for us all the way down it
Okay, yeah right now the poster right now
The despetic Republican senator convicted of taking gifts may soon be out of a job despetic
Mark Bigidge senator Ted Stevens opponent in the Alaska center races now leading by 814 votes with about 40,000 left to go
Biggits was behind the damn election made up ground as absentee early in question ballots have been added to the pile it was added by three votes this morning now is a head by 814
If we elected Stevens will become the first convict ever elected to the Senate if his election fails big it would succeed the 40 year Senate veteran
But if Stevens is elected then kicked out of the Senate by his colleagues as is widely expected which can be accomplished with a simple majority vote
Stevens temporary replacement would be appointed by Alaska governor Sarah Palin
The state division of elections tell you about 60,000 absentee early in question ballots were on the stand-on Wednesday the Alaska Daily News report to you this morning
The ballots broke heavily in the Democrats favor erasing the 3000 vote lead Stevens held after election night November 4
The state still needs to count at least 15,000 question ballots and estimated 25,000 absentees to paper added are you calling norm on the bad line or not I said of a text
What did you say call me on the hotline
Neil wants you to call him on the hotline something like that
Maybe he's not with us anymore maybe he thinks of the fishes
Because he certainly wouldn't overlook my birthday. I mean just ignore me altogether. I've mentioned that several times
Yeah, he would maybe he's on the phone with Walter Savo now
You see the bad line ran?
No, did you put the bad line on there?
Nope, he knows the only number he knows he's chronic on a bad line
The state still needs to count at least 15,000 question ballots and the audio deon meanwhile Minnesota
Where Republican Senator Norm Coleman is now in a contested election fight with Democrat comedian Al Franken
A recount is likely the last at least another month
They were like last time I checked like Franken was 200 votes behind
I don't see that little bad line ringing. I don't know. Maybe we have to put a search party out for Norma Ken
You think maybe maybe he's busy he's busy busy he's in court
Could be could be maybe he's in court or not
Well obviously since these are all fake anyway what turns us make but oh, yeah, it's fun something to do
Let's see why does an Eric trapeiding the archive show from the last two days instead of giving a song to dance about having to wait till today shows over since JP
Well all these people are technical wizards. They're all experts. How do you like that?
Why are all the shows in your archive only three hours 22 minutes as George from Montreal why he says
We could put the whole thing on there, but we don't want to how they'll do I know God
Here's one Neil one deon. I think you're trying to sabotage your own show
While this may win you a few more blue hairs to the coveted windows 85 to 200 demo or widows 85 it kind of leaves the rest of us
checking the dial
Wiping ourselves after a doose or trimming our pubes. I have nothing against deon
But even deon world could be more relevant. Oh, yeah
The deon
That's right. Right up the deon
It's
Terrence
I know you will hate all five of his libertarians out there but our candidate in the Georgia center race did force the Eric
I well good for you and
Three speaking of nostalgia. I used to work as an intern during the middle eight eighties for some a small ass independent station channel 33
I've forgotten where you and greasy did you and baseball? Yeah 33 my exalted position was to alert the
Ums when we came back from a commercial break
Just the thought of you and Bob greasy working together still makes me chuckle
He has to be one of the most uninteresting people to ever spoken into a microphone agreed. Yes boring terminal
Almost as boring and terminal is that email
Get names almost the best talent. This is your largest 4th radio 560 QAM. Thanks for it later. Neon God
I had that's something that something made was nothing for me
Yeah
Keepin' what I own is that twist comes down to just sell and it's cheap
Yeah
Now I wake up in the morning need a drink for my anxiety
I'm the one who's broke now I'm the one who's got this so good
I had everything to lose now darling wall street that me into spare now I'm reaching for the extra strength
I know
And I beat
Oh concrete
Watching price is far
To corporate cheat my easy street like I feared it gone
118 and 560 WQ and this obviously is fake because nobody even a dummy like Greg Bidel would be sending emails tampering with somebody who's got a contract for five more years
Did you see this latest one or not? I guess he doesn't send it to you norm is MIA
Why don't you call Sabo he'll put you in touch with Sabian you can cut norm out and work out your own deal
And he's got Walter Sabo's with the phone numbers and facts and mobile numbers etc.
Wouldn't that be good for me to do that now that I've got a valid contract that I've already signed and go on the radio not that we need any evidence go on the air
And start negotiating with other people
God talk about stupid no wonder everybody in the world hates you like poison Greg and as far as Walter Sabo is concerned I wouldn't touch him with your hand
Walter Sabo oh my god one of the most deadly of them all I wonder if he's still a diddlin with the Karen Kay
Oh
I'm having such a nice time. I'll bet remember those days. Oh yeah at Pax and I OD
Walter Sabo he takes me to lunch he invites me to go to lunch with him and then I spill the beans about all this stuff about Pax and about everything
And then he goes back to Pax and then repeats all of it
Well, he was the consultant you know, yeah, right wouldn't trust him from here to the sidewalk all the way like to throw him from here to the sidewalk
But you better get a hold of Norma and get the negotiations going okay. Oh yeah
From the fake Greg Budeau I wonder if it's fat boy or his boyfriend
Who's gonna find all these fake emails?
I mean, everybody in their brother has got Walt Sabo's number
243 votes on this crappy poll. I apologize for this horrible poll, but it's the best Charlie B could do. It really blows. It's bad
We've had so much excitement here on the emails today. None almost none of it real, but nevertheless
Complaints from a Palm Beach County volunteer forced Hulid Packard to pull a national ad campaign using a song by disgraced British rocker Gary Glitter who was convicted in Vietnam on child sex abuse charges
Evan daily 47 of Boka was watching television a few weeks ago when he heard a commercial for HP's touch smart computer using the song do you want to touch me? Oh yeah
Daily volunteers as a guardian ad lead him representing the interest of abuse neglected and abandoned children and runs abuse watch.net a
Website that offers resources to victims of child sexual abuse
Daily new of glitter sexual abuse convictions and said he couldn't believe a company would use glitter songs
Especially one with raunchy lyrics to promote its products
He also did one glitter to product by receiving royalties on the ad campaign which in the past of top $100,000
And all the dots are connected you see the relationship between glitter and the words in his song makes the list and realize that HP is using a song that is completely inappropriate
Daily said Monday it's good song
But this isn't very glittered. Oh
Well, the one you're planning for because Joe Jett is the same song she covered it.
It's a much better job with a good blanket. She didn't cover it with a boot. That's what she said.
The letter whose real name is Paul Francis Gad spent four months in jail for a nineteen and a non-conviction on child pornography charges
Careful in 2006 he was convicted and the anonymous in two girls and served 27 months in jail.
Since we turned to England after being denied entry into several countries including Highland. Oh gee, I wonder what he was going there for
He'll look packet of fish and send an email they license the Jones yet cover with your song which you're planning right now and didn't know about the British Rockers Association
But Evan daily in focus pissed off and part of the baby. I do
Now is down to 100 that's better than 300
Not great for the interview. Oh, here's more McCamp.
The fake moment can of course university went well
I left the message for the PD Tim to call me back after 2 p.m. He's the one who called me. Well chat with you after I speak with him.
But for your information post merger announcements and priority resigning resigning with WQM there was a note Jeremy sent me as a refresher. Here it is. Oh, this is real.
You've got several fans of Neil here, but the problem is you're completely understandable interest in making money for Neil. We are fresh out Jeremy Coleman.
As you know, they've never once put any offer on the table, but they call today. So I will call them back.
How do you like that as you are under contract with WQM would be advisable not to discuss this on the year?
I'll write Norma Kent with his whole billboard under there just like John it would be advisable not to discuss this on the year. Well, I certainly won't do that Norma.
What does that mean? I hope your anniversary won't well what anniversary you're a wedding anniversary.
Sure thing. You're talking about my birthday. You're bed wedding anniversary. But they call today. So he will call them back. Well, you go Norma and don't forget it.
I'm under contract. So don't you know Larry says archives are smaller because there's no commercials. As I was turning the dial grade B. Dells.
Something commercials will what on WFTL every day also when there's only 50 certificates. Some people buy two or three at a time. And when they get processed, we only have five minutes to complete the form. Well, too bad, Larry, you have to be faster.
It doesn't take five minutes to enter your information unless you're like, unless you're one of the molasses. That's right. Unless you're old and feeble, Larry.
Mr. Radio says I love what I'm hearing, but no, I'm not the fake Greg B. Dells. This is interesting radio. Yet it's to you because you're a groupie. You have no life. Interesting radio. My ass. And then the real norm of sent me a real email. How do you like that?
Well, I guess the real norma doesn't know I'm going to the dentist at two o'clock. Well, he's not listening.
Of course, he's not listening. Maybe he's in court. Maybe he's, uh, who knows? Maybe he's driving around the trolling for runaway boys. Who knows? Runaway teenagers.
Well, I've got some good stuff here, but they're too long. Got some really good articles. Oh, this one's not that long. This one's sad tragic.
Some newspaper readers in Sepulpa are upset by what wasn't in the paper. This is in Texas. Okay. I believe what I said, Kay.
The Sepulpa Daily Hero did not report that Barack Obama won the presidential election in its Wednesday edition. One paragraph on the front page did report the majority of Creek County voted for McCain.
This is not only national, but it's also local. And this is our president. He's president of Sepulpa also said Scott Gordon, whoever the hell he is.
More than a dozen protesters stood in front of the hell's downtown orifice Friday morning to get answers from publisher Darren Sumner.
I think that's just blatant racism said Tony D long if McCain had won. I'm sure he'd be all over the paper like stink on Joe. Well, there's your thing. I bet you that's normal. No. No. Well, we'll see. Well, how do you know?
Because it isn't. Sumner says he would have done the same thing with McCain at one. Our main focus is to be a local newspaper. He said, right. He agrees the presidential election is a big news event with the circulation of 5,000 readers don't turn to the Harold for big news. These are pulp of daily Harold.
I'm sure they read about it and watched it on TV or got it on the internet and found it as many people didn't complete coverage before we even go to press.
Like the sun sent like it was a press like six o'clock in the afternoon. The Harold doesn't do stands till early afternoon. Many subscribers don't receive their delivery till 4 p.m.
Another resident Cindy Steven says you didn't think the paper aired by not reporting election results. However, protestors believe it is an issue.
I thought it was poor journalism said, can you heal when you open the paper your expectancy current events as well as historic events. And when you don't see those things, it's a little disappointing.
So a little disappointing. Maybe they don't recognize Barack Obama. Huh? Maybe he they don't cut into his kind in.
In some pulpit Texas. You think his record you know again the fake room that you told me you were not tied to your contract. I'm going to look like a fool. I never said that. When did I tell him that?
I don't know why after you told him you loved him. Yeah, after I told you I want to make a wild monkey love to you. I told you I was not tied to your content. You're full of crap.
Serious knows it. Norma knows it. Walter Sabo knows it. Everybody in the world knows it. Who the knows knows it?
Fuse Lanham is pussy. Federer says Karen Kay is currently based now. They're working as a sidekick on the Fox Sports overnight radio show 2 to 6 a.m. Good time for this show is heard on one of the FTL variation 640 a.m. in the South Florida area.
She apparently lives in San Diego and commutes. She might do a local show in San Diego as well. When she in the main host on the Fox show mentioned Andrew Ashwood's heart attack the other night. Both he and Karen Kay stated Ashwood brought each of them to Fox. Oh Andrew Asin Awards. Oh you fairy. Wow.
Pick me Norma. The best talent. You don't have no projects. Sport radio 560 Q.A.M. The fourth leader. The biggest names. The best talent. It's the mad dog.
Yeah. Manage.
It's after that. Sport.
It's after that. Sport radio 560 Q.A.M. The sports leader.
Holy cow. Aaron's coming. Well congratulations. Get a life.
The following are headlines of the version designed to keep you feeling warm and toasty and safe.
Genuine front age lead headlines compiled over the past seven years. A group by the subservient corporate press and a word.
Family finds bullet in pork roast. A pused rapist makes victim right to my check.
Otorist 5. $351 for dunning in Carpool Lane. Belgian nun. Reprimanded for wild dancing.
Do men really want wives like you, Cleaver? Starbox and space?
Does spring make you sexier? Congo Rebels. Eat Mountain Gorillaz.
Child kill. Trying to change TV channel.
Otorline. Is it a wet dog? Dung stench.
Mothers are again urged to eat more fish. Girl waits to feed the delivery man, pleasureing himself.
Brostitudes so lived together in Bolivia brothel protest.
Why does your tummy talk? And what is it trying to say?
Munkies that fish. A woman becomes pregnant.
Endangered male seed dragon is pregnant.
Japan wages war on land. The high price of having too much stuff.
Does the Pope wear Prada?
The US economy will overcome the debt crisis and keep growing. Or it won't.
And my personal failure. Man build mountain of cheese.
133.
Let me just say this to you.
Is there anybody who has ever been around the business?
Who would believe that the way to negotiate with somebody for any kind of a deal?
What's the fake name on the radio?
Is that the way people go?
It doesn't take me to make you look like a fool, Greg.
It doesn't take me.
The obvious thing would have been, he could have sent you an email or sent me one.
If there's some way for you to get out of your deal, I have normal contacts.
Not back and forth on and on and on and on.
I have an only he has no life.
Wow.
The Dow's down 151 by the way.
On and on and back and forth. This isn't the way people make your business.
And I'm glad we discussed it on here because it sounds like contract tampering to me.
Maybe we ought to be serious. That would be one way to get money out of them.
Good idea.
Oh, here we go. Here's another one.
You stated you were serious about this. I hope you realize by now it's not a joke.
So you know, a lot of the serious hosts do the show from their home on ISD in line.
That wouldn't be an issue.
It's going to come down to money and your contract at QM.
I told you you had a lot of fans in the building.
Okay, great. Then why do you keep sending me stupid emails, Greg?
Why don't you let Norma talk to whoever it is and they can talk to Joe Bell and the Joyce and see what the hell is going to happen here?
On and on and on. I'm dead serious about it.
If I could get away from these grave robbers tomorrow and make the kind of money that I need to make.
And of course, that's the operative thing because just like I read you that thing from Jeremy or Schmendrick,
oh, well, we don't have money.
Yeah, they got money to pay some York sports guy from New York.
If you're from New York, if you've ever been on New York, they've got unlimited amount of money to pay you.
If you look how it's but but other than that, forget about we got no money for Neil. Well, great.
Neil, I ain't going to work for free.
Oh, you got to go to serious. Neil, you got to go to serious. Maybe then somebody could hear you and maybe then you could do your show.
Here's one from Ann Bishop.
Yeah, here's an email from Ann Bishop.
I'm supposed to believe.
I'm supposed to believe that the email from Greg, you'd LFaker real.
Neil, I may be pushing updates. He's now as you'd like to think.
But as I have a lot better journalists than you could ever hope to be within my 25 year career.
Even as you stalked me from the start of my career at Rochester, WROC, you followed me by moving to Miami when I got my big bracket channel 10.
You were obsessed with me and you wanted my fat ass to carry your child so that you could have somebody to leave all that money to after you die.
And when I refused, you began abusing me both on and off the earth until I died.
So I cursed you to die alone and loveless. Mike Schneider knows and Ralph Rennick knew.
I still hate you, Neil. Even now as your dreadful voice carries all the way here in the after world.
So as a result, I haunt you, Neil, and I'll be there waiting for you at the moment you die to take your ignorant ass to your final destination.
You always have had no respect for anyone, much less your so-called fans or your associates.
You still blow hot air. Your show still blows, and all of the people who cannot hear you in their archives are lucky ones.
Those people don't know just how lucky they are not to hear your swill.
Hey, Schmuck, it's not Jolly Joe, but I and Bishop, who does all I can from the supernatural, to sabotage you in your very, very non-interdaining show that's losing his ratings in any real colors you cannot ever have again.
See a diabetic and Bishop. PS, glad to hear about your pay cut.
Boy, she's a bitter old dyke and she will say I'm not going to limb, but I think that was a real one.
Is real? Yeah. I didn't know she was Jewish and Bishop nasty, hateful old, so.
It's true story about her putting those memos on the board there on the bulletin board of Channel 10.
Anyone call listening to Neil Roger show will be dismissed immediately in the news of the department.
Couldn't stand the fact that I called her a nasty old fat dyke.
I mean, you know, she was a nasty old fat dyke. So what's wrong with that? Somebody close me a nasty old fat bag. Am I going to be bothered by that? No way.
Yes, the old fat bag. Right exactly. That's me. That was down 134. I'm keeping my eye on it for you in case you're dumb enough to be in a market.
Oh, it's a good selling opportunity.
And it's one thing about the market, man. It's always a good selling opportunity.
Less than I was channel surfing in that crazy, a creamer guy was on a gambling channel with a bunch of college students on there.
And I'm thinking to myself, oh, brother, they got this guy brainwashing kids to throw their money away.
And by the way, thank you, Mr. President for that great opportunity for people to lose their social security money in the stock market.
Can you imagine that that ever would have gone through? Oh, God. Yeah. Old people would be killing themselves.
There would be mass suicides going on all across the country. Well, see how much money that would free up that? Yeah.
Invest your social security retirement money in the market. How about taking it to a good buy? At least they have a little bit of fun there.
Let's see, here's when this is Greg is a moron. That's why nobody likes him. He needs more counseling. Oh, you're a moron and you need more counseling, Greg.
See, this isn't something that people conduct on the air during a radio show in back and forth emails, which may or may not be for real or whatever.
This is something that people do. From the minute I gave him that full number for normal, that should have been the end of it on the year, right?
Yep. Normal could tell you that we're under contract for five more years here after December. Normal could tell you that jolly jo is a hard ass. They're doing everything in their power to destroy the show.
And then jolly jo could say, oh, good luck to Neil or whatever he'd want to say. You know, I mean, my personal opinion is, and I could be wrong.
Well, my opinion is that they would give their left nuts to have another sport show on here from 10 to 2.
Because 20 hours a day isn't nearly enough. And if a word for that, I wouldn't be sitting here now preempting the extra four hours of hurricane's pregame show.
I mean, they can't really say they say it anyway, but it's not true. Or sports always matters. Yeah, wait for that to be true. See, I disagree. You disagree with what?
I think they like having you here because you anchor the ratings. They may not admit anchor is the word for it. Okay. I used to be the anchor now anchor is in the.
I mean, I'm going to take into the bottom of the suit and I just wait for you, but you're the top ratings on the station. So, yeah.
So they may like you. So like one point two is better than 1.0 is what you're telling me. Exactly.
So when I'm going to the dentist, don't be aware. Don't worry. I'll be back for the last segment.
Or not. Maybe not.
Get names. The best. Maybe I'll be getting a big call from all the same old.
560 QAM. The fourth leader Florida sucks.
We're back with one of my favorite people, Tom Cruz.
But first, let's get to something next. A little more serious.
Sure. Bring it. What? Okay. What happened with the guy who made charges about having a relationship with you though?
Where we are now is is a is really a beautiful, beautiful place.
Madly in love. Come on. Oh, yeah. I know what he wants. I know. I know.
How to play his stuff. You know what I'm saying? I get it. What's important to me is casual sex. No kidding.
And the pornography and all that kind of stuff that's accessible on the internet. You know, I'm sure you have that.
Absolutely.
Yes. I love stuff like that. Right back with Tom Cruz after that.
Hey, Tommy, you fairy. Maybe Tom can look with the Eurlund for his governor. What do you think?
Right. I'm getting all kinds of emails from dead people now.
See anybody with a brain would have would know that doing this over the air on email, on anonymous email,
what would be the most amateur hour, most bush league, unprofessional pilot, third, but I, you know, it was amusing.
Yeah. Do you think it was amusing? Medium. Here's one that says Neil, let's see the cruise calling from the other world.
They tell me you say bad things about me. I have a voodoo of you and you will be going to hell.
Signed. See that cruise. Here's one from fat rich.
Uh, Daniel, just to let you know that I've been having a great time up here in heaven.
I guess I was one of the lucky ones. The food is great and the gambling is fantastic and not fixed.
Just thought I might warn you to change your evil ways so we get to spend some time together.
Take care and see you soon. I hope.
287 on your pool, by the way, Fatso. Let's see. 27 and a thousand two is 1289.
Oh, only 11 away from 13. I never thought we'd make it. We will.
But you'll have to tell me about it because I'm leaving in a couple minutes. 1290.
Who 1290? Isn't that WCAU in Philadelphia? Used to be I think 1290. I don't know.
1190. I don't know what it is. And I don't care. Mike says I'm begging you all the way to hear this.
This is a good way to come close to the end of the show today.
Mike says I'm begging you to please get the archives fixed. Typically I download the archives and listen to you rather than live online with no commercials on the archives.
It's quite enjoyable and hearing the same stale commercials of his ganky going crazy over stupid hurricane touchdown and a big zero taking talking some dribbled and broken English.
Tell fact Chris I can hear him getting fatter as eats chocolate cake 10 30 in the morning.
Although maybe that's how jolly Joe likes them big and plum. Says Mike.
Johnny Joe likes them big and plum. That's what Chris tells me. I don't understand his fascination for flea though.
Please just kind of a little turd. Maybe that's why they call that.
You think coincidence?
So as soon as I mentioned that about this is not the way to do things all of a sudden all the all the Greg Budele email stopped.
Oh, they could start back up again.
At any point did I say I was available did I say a hundred times I have a contract that begins in January of next year for five more years with beastly broadcasting.
Did I say that? I think you might have mentioned it in passing.
And doesn't anybody even closely even remotely associated with the business.
Does anybody know that including the people that serious including that jerk water Sabo.
Oh, you're going to burn your bridges not you know what to bad.
I wouldn't touch water Sabo with Georgia's pinky. God what an evil evil doer he is.
The ghost of Jerry Williams will haunt him until the day they stick his ass in the ground water Sabo.
How can he how can he still be involved with this business.
Does not tell you what a horse ball business is turned into the fact that somebody like Walter Sabo is still involved in it.
Oh, because he's a consultant. Is he?
Oh, yeah. Consult my ass.
I'm sure he would like to know it's 11 is 52 degrees.
And I think the rain has subsided momentarily just just enough to let me go over to the dentist.
Well, these articles are all way too long.
What a shame.
The fee did Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin said this way she hopes God will show her the way before she decides on any future bid for the White House.
God is going to show her the way. I'll show her the way.
I'll show her the way to the turl it. Hope she gets stuck in there.
The last governor declined to say whether she was planning to run for the West Presidency in four years stating an exclusive interview with Fox News Channel that 2012 remained too far off.
I can't predict what's going to happen a day from now much less than four years from now.
She said according to excerpts of the interview released by Fox News.
However, the development religious 44 year old mother of five said that if God wanted to run for the highest office, she hoped to be shown the way.
You know, I have faith is a very big part of my life and putting my life in my creator's hands. This is what I always do.
Sarah said, oh, please, if there is a God, please, and we know there is not, but if there were, we'd be spared that bitch.
No more emails from any dead people or from your good buddy Greg with with four days.
I'll ask for some. I'm sure they'll come or three.
What? Dead people, whatever you want.
No, I think whoever that one person is will be whatever you want them to be.
What does that mean?
They'll be whatever fake person you want to.
Oh, wait a minute. Here's one about Walter Sabo.
It says he's a total ass. He's everything of what's wrong with radio, especially since it's been deregged.
He is evil. Evil. He is evil incarnate as they said in network.
Remember that?
Evil incarnate.
And then they're right. He is what's wrong with radio. When they start with that consultant craft.
Oh, my God. Well, you know about consultants.
Yeah, what about that? What about the programmer's?
Is she still consulting with the power of all these fakers?
You know, they get hired by general managers and program directors.
I have no idea what they're doing.
So they pay somebody to just echo their own stupid ideas back.
How about Tommy Kramer? How's he doing the talent coach?
These are the kind of jobs that people create who really have no talent.
Mm-hmm. Consultant talent coach like that talent coach on a Ron and Ron show.
Oh, my God. Yeah.
Remember those days, Tommy Kramer?
There wasn't a day that went by that he didn't tell us that he didn't do drugs back in the 60s.
He didn't say anything about the 70s.
Oh, that's good point.
Every single day. Well, I wasn't one of those people that got all caught up in the drug stuff in the Z-
Well, good for you, Tommy.
You sure looked apart with that white hair washed out.
He looked like Miss Chris is not that come right down to me.
He looked like an older version of your limperist governor.
I wonder if he's still alive. What was his first name?
Lotton child. No Kramer. Tommy. Tommy Kramer.
Oh, here's the dead Larry King.
Can you explain why you're still a WQM?
It was exciting. What I mean, this is from earlier.
This is the same one as earlier. I read it on the ears.
My old friend Lester is still around. Oh, my God.
Talk about I have no material.
The same fake Larry King email that I read in the beginning of the show.
You see yourself ending your career WQM?
Yeah, QM is ending my career. All right. You've got awarded wrong.
You see WQM ending your career. Absolutely.
It's in progress right now. It's a destruction that's in progress.
And here's one final one.
It says you are still a jackass signed the dean.
Oh, more dead people. Alan Burke the dean.
I think there was one more, but it's too late.
So I'm going to go over the dentist and have them patch me around with my mouth.
Yeah. Maybe I'll make some sounds with my mouth.
Oh, Jesus. I hate it.
Don't you hate it. Am I the only one who hates it?
I'm gouging your teeth at the hook.
And they want you to bleed.
Oh, yeah. Like a like a stuck pig.
And I'm going to tell that receptionist bitch you ever call me again to come in early.
I'm going to just come over here and like.
What's his name?
David.
We have five sixty QA.
I think for.
Oh, sorry. It's me.
I'm.
Oh, no.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ey.
I'm.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Don't.
I'm.
I'm.
The destiny is for you.
Although it ain't not that I am a.
Say hey me by the door you okay
You please don't fly out of your mouth
I'm worried if they're going to wait
All right, what two three four
And nobody's gonna go fast
You do always hit me
I ain't gonna hit you
Yeah, I'm gonna throw a spritcher head
and a toilet with a caravan
This is fear in all your mind like this
I'm scared of my mind like this
Bye bye bye when it comes to entertain
It's Neil Rogers midday
What's going on? What's going on?
Which way do you'll buy 60?
WK way ahead, Miami, Fort Lauderdale
Do it again
I think that
I think that only
you
